user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233980,12770155,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Scott,"A Metroidvania game with distinctly strategic combat that encourages you to think outside the box.  It's part RPG: you can equip weapons, armor, and potions, and when you kill enemies you gain XP. When you level up, you get skill points that let you use better gear.Where this game differs from other Metroidvanias is the combat, which is very deliberate and feels almost puzzle-like at times.  If you try to hack and slash in Unepic, you'll do little more than die horribly.  You're encouraged to carefully pick off foes and try different weapons and tactics.For example, daggers are fast-hitting, and hit hard when used against enemies from behind.  Swords do better against organic beings, while maces crush armored foes.  Axes are the middle ground, doing average damage to both kinds of enemies.  Polearms are great for poking dudes you don't want to sit next to (enemies with poison HURT).  Using magic (or at least bows) is mandatory, as some enemies won't let you fight them in melee.The game also has some punishing boss fights that creatively abuse game mechanics.  One telepathy-based-boss will use his mental powers to force you to suicide by using your damaging spells against you.  The solution? Dump all your magic essences in the bank (except your healing ones) so that he can't make you do anything bad.  But be careful to also dump your teleport items, or you'll be sorry when the boss hits low HP :)The writing/story of the game is a paradox: both thought-provoking and incredibly juvenile.  One moment you'll have a thoughtful discussion with a ghostly hitchiker about the castle you find yourself stuck in, and the next your character will be a complete jackass, taunting someone who's having an existential crisis.  The protagonist sometimes acts generously and other times is motivated by complete greed.  It feels very inconsistent, though a few moments of the script really shine through.The ending of the game is a significant twist, but also has a boss fight that some will find immensly irritating - it's a real challenge of your skills.Overall I'd recommend Unepic.  It's a surprisingly deep game for having been made by only one dude, and while you may be put off by some of the juvenile dialouge, it can be a real treat gameplay-wise so long as you don't try to hack and slash your way through it."
,Recommended,233980,11413512,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tacet the Terror,Title is misleading. This game is definitely epic.
,Recommended,233980,32267939,Posted: 8 June,all,Hen,"5 - Barely Recommended- A decent Metroidvania-inspired RPG held back by horrendous, painful humour.Conclusion:UnEpic is not a good game. It can be a fairly fun game and isn't a total waste of time, but it's objectively fairly poor. You're getting what you paid for - a mediocre dungeon platformer/RPG with lazy, Big-Bang-Theory-esque jokes and a protagonist so bad that you'll want to skip every dialogue. It's alright, but there are many better games of the same genre on steam. Grab on sale or not at all.Gameplay: 6.5.Standard Metroidvania-type controls, though jumping is BAD BAD BAD. Platforming sections are super annoying rather than challenging. Combat is decent, with a great variety of weapons and magic available, though these all end up being pretty one-dimensional. Some bosses are alright, some are tedious, but none are ridiculously cheap, and the whole gameplay loop of exploring the castle is pretty fun and rewarding, and it's really not too horrible to play overall. Unfortunately, some enemy mechanics are incredibly annoying - making you drop weapons, permanently transforming your weapons, randomly teleporting you - and just not fun, with little counterplay.Narrative: 1.5.This is by far the least funny game I've ever played. It is insane how bad jokes in this game actually are. And even overlooking the casual racism, reliance on hugely outdated pop culture references, lazily written fart jokes and overdone meta-jokes, the game's narrative falters on the most simple level - the story and characters are garbage. The main character is the most annoying, pretentious, unlikeable human manifestation of a fedora that I've ever had the displeasure to play as in any game. Side characters are almost all relegated to being jokes with no personality (though the ghost is alright sometimes).Visuals: 5.Very hit-and-miss. As a whole, the game's graphics are passable. Some areas of the castle look fairly nice, and enemy design is fairly diverse and occasionally interesting. However, there's a lot of incoherence between areas, with the art style changing entirely at times (see: the second boss zone, the very last zone). It can all get a little bit ugly.Audio: 4.Again, it's just passable. The music is okay, but definitely nothing special. Some tracks are pretty banging (Garden being one of them) but most won't stick in the mind. One annoying thing is enemy sounds - these are very limited, and hearing fifty bats die with the exact same noise each time can get a little grating.Value: 7.For the price, you get around 20 hours of gameplay from a playthrough of the main story, plus a lot of supplementary content in the form of 15 difficult challenges and 4 difficulties. There's a multiplayer aspect too, though this isn't great and can be buggy.Technical: 7.Decent, though I had a few clipping bugs. Runs fine (as to be expected). Controller support isn't great, though it works fine with a Steam controller."
,Recommended,233980,7816318,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,d.Tox508,"UnEpic? Anything but. The only reason this game by Ninja Gamers chose this title is due to the fact that Blue Sky Studios licensed EPIC before they got the chance. Because trust me, this game is everything and more compared to your everyday role player. This platformer/RPG is a hack and slash blast keeping you on your toes, not only with mesmerizing gameplay but an authentic story line that continues constantly throughout the game.There are so many different options when it comes to this game its incredible, and almost a little bit too much to take in at first. But don’t worry, everything becomes fluid after only a few short minutes of gameplay, and the controls are easy to get familiar with. Not your average platformer, UnEpic comes with its own crafting system and recipes that you must learn to make certain potions. They also integrate this in with the main characters magic abilities, whereas you must obtain and learn each spell. Whether it be an award from a quest or buying the tome directly from one of the games multiple item shops. The weaponry is awesome, with various choices ranging from staffs, axes, wands, swords, maces, and more. Each weapon sometimes unique with its own special attribute, leaves you well armed while on your adventure.You play as Daniel, a video game developer, huge fan of sci-fi, and a novice RPG player. In the middle of a RPG he is transported to a castle. At first, Daniel believed that he was having a massive hallucination, and that the world he was thrown into couldnt logically be real. Eager to keep playing within the RPG to create his own adventure, he decides to go along for the ride until his delirium comes to an end. Once inside the castle, Daniel is possessed by a dark spirit that can communicate with him, but not control him. Struggling against enemies in the castle, with the dark spirit attempting to murder him at every turn, Daniel finally discovers his goal: kill Harnakon, the master of the castle.From the second i heard about this game and downloaded the demo I knew it was destined for greatness. UnEpic is one of those games you can sit down and play for hours, or just a few minutes while waiting for that pepperoni hot pocket to cool down. The story will keep you intrigued from the second you pick up your controller to the moment you put it down, and if you’re anything like me, will continue to plague your mind while at work. During the week I bought UnEpic I found myself dying to punch the clock so I could quickly get home and get an hour or two in. Its games like these that are not only fun to play, but addicting from every aspect, making gaming something to get excited about, and look forward too.Sometimes developers leave out small details that can make or break a game. That’s certainly not the case when it comes to UnEpic. Details such as paying attention to your weapon and armor, because like your character, they also take damage and need to be repaired to function properly. This is done through visiting the blacksmith in the item shops, where you will also be able to buy newer weapons or stock up on projectiles. Crafting “recipies” take place in the castles kitchens, where the cook will be able to sell you the vital essences that each potion requires. While dredging through the castles sewers leaches become attached to you dealing damage, and are stored in your inventory, so until you remove them you continue to lose health. In my opinion its details like these that put UnEpic in  a category of its own.When it comes to something like “replay factor” this game is much like any other RPG. Although, with several of the different capabilities that set it aside from others, it makes it tempting to run through yet again. I find when it comes to games like UnEpic, I will beat it on the normal difficulty setting first, then try my hand at hard. This is something that the Diablo franchise engraved in me, as I am sure many other gamers have been affected by. Sometimes at the end of a game you are left wanting more, and I find varied levels of toughness help give the game that extra added edge that changes everything for a gamer. UnEpic cured this by adding in the use of a multiplayer mode, allowing you to choose several different ways to continue your “UnEpic” journey.Five different modes make up multiplayer, including, Co-Op, Deathmatch, Conquest, Race and Survival. Each of which have their own cut scene introductions that are unique to what mode/dungeon that you are playing. They begin with the main character Daniel sitting at a table with friends playing a role-playing game complete with a Dungeon Master narrating your every move. You start off alone if you choose or with other players, and fight your way through each different level. There is also an option to build your own dungeon, depending on how far you’ve gotten in the Conquest mode of multiplayer. The only downfall I find with UnEpic’s multiplayer option is the inability to play as your single player character, but again, as I said before this only adds to the replay factor.What else can I say? UnEpic offers so much and is perfectly packaged, a game of this caliber is essential for fans of platformers, RPG, and action hack and slash. You have so many options at your fingertips in this game, and that is what sets it aside from all the rest. From the dynamics of gameplay, the creative and compelling story and intricate detail in the graphics, UnEpic is worth every penny and won’t let you down."
,Recommended,233980,10931337,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wagglesworth,"Unepic is an amalgamation of two of my most favorite gameplay styles, Metroidvanias and slower, methodically minded titles like Spelunky, or to a greater extent, Demon and Dark Souls. Unepic melds the two into a challenging and hilarious adventure that will easily last you upwards of 20 hours while you explore the game’s dungeons.The story follows a tabletop gamer who suddenly finds himself in an enchanted tower filled with ghouls, goblins, and all manner of beasts. He quickly becomes possessed by a nameless dark spirit who finds that he is unable to control our hero! Worse yet, he’s stuck inside his body until our hero’s death! What could have been little more than a driving force for Unepic’s protagonist quickly becomes one of its strongest qualities, as the hero and spirit are able to communicate with one another, and they do so often. The dialogue between them is witty and hilarious, and the back and forth caused me to laugh out loud on numerous occasion.Beyond the platforming, Unepic features a healthy dose of varying modes of combat. This is where the more methodical nature of the game comes into play, as many run-ins with the enemies and traps each dungeon possesses require patience and the right tool set to keep from a quick death. The shear amount of items at your disposal is impressive, and many items carry benefits most suited for specific situations. Besides the weapon variety, there’s a plethora of equipables, skills, potions, recipes, and spells that you can find, buy and earn through quests given by NPC’s littering the castle.The combat itself is admittedly slow and clunky, but this only adds to the more strategic pace of enemy encounters. You can’t just run in and attack; many of the enemies you’ll face possess the same reach and even more ferocity than you do, and attracting their attention without a plan will get you killed. On higher difficulties, this is amplified, as beyond being stronger, enemies have a far greater range of sight, and many can attack you from a distance, and interrupt your own movements. On the highest difficulty, you even lose the several moments of invulnerability that comes after each hit, meaning that you lose any hope of rushingLeroy Jenkinsstyle and coming out alive. It’s such a superb feature that I’m honestly surprised that I’ve never seen something similar before.Unepic is superb. Make no mistake, this is one of those rare titles worth more than the asking price. If you’ve ever enjoyed Super Metroid or Symphony of the Night, you will thoroughly enjoy spending hours at a time on this game. If you’re one of the few wholovedDemon/Dark Souls, you’ll find no better 2D substitute. If you’re like me, and adore both styles of play, then rejoice, because you’ve found the ultimate combination of the two. Unepic is hilariously crass, filled with pop culture references, and provides a several dozen hour long adventure filled with secrets and sidequests. You’d be a fool to pass it up.This review is based solely on the finished single player experience. There is an unfinished multiplayer mode that I’ve yet to sample, and I will edit this review with my feelings on it if/when I try it out."
,Recommended,233980,17568951,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Victor™,The title is misleading.
,Recommended,233980,9297652,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Droyd,"I'm not sure why it took me so long to get into UnEpic, and I've just got to say...WHAT AN IDIOT I AM!God damn, in all honesty - I would describe this game as my own Dungeons & Dragon's Lite. I've never really played D&D, however, I've heard various people that I've come across regale me with their Adventures having good times with good folk'...er' good people.Being a Lone Wolf myself, this game inspires Adventures within the same context that is often described to my by the aforementioned D&D players, without the good folk'/people part of it! I mean, you can always play Multiplayer, however, I often play the Single Player campaigns, thus the sheer awesomeness of this game since it caters to my bias/relevance.Now, with all of that being said, I cannot really say that the Customization Options are as in -depth as D&D could be - since I'm sure a lot of D&D players had gotten quite upset that I'm referring to this as my D&D Lite - but that in no way takes away from this game as a whole! The Customization that is offered is still pretty awesome within it's own sense. With all of this being said though, I'm pretty sure the people reading this want to hear stuff about the Gameplay other than my own ramblings on what this game resembles.The Graphics are quite retro bit-esque and I tend to really enjoy that sort of thing - so for me this isn't a big issue - but I can see how certain players may tire of this sort of thing when it comes to the next-gen stuff...That being said, if that's your cup'o'tea then clearly, it's not relevant to your own bias.  It's a 'Dark Themed' game when it comes to the Setting as it IS SUPPOSED to be in a Castle somewhere, however, with that being said, it still gives off this colorful sensation - without being too weird about it.The Gameplay itself is quite reminiscent of various Side-Scrollers I've grown up with - from MMO's to other Single Player games - so for me it really isn't an issue. There are things that aren't relevant to my bias, and that would include Farming/Grinding various things in a lot of games. Having said that, there are times in this game where you will have to grind and farm various ingredients, going to-and-fro, back-and-forth from room-to-room looking for those Bats and their Bat Wings, or looking for those Satyr's and their damned Intestines, but all in all, I think that's what adds to the charm of the game. One needs to be prepared for the devastating Traps placed everywhere, or for all of those various Monsters that will either Poison you, or just beat the crap out of you!With everything else, one has to ask what of the Sound? Well, for me again - and keep in mind this is a very biased review considering I enjoyed...nay, am still enjoying the hell out of this game - it's not bad! A lot of games these days have tried to over complicated various Telegraphs - those Attacks that are shown to you - with Circles around your feet, or various Shapes that co-ordinate with various timings making it much easier to see these Attacks, and have stopped using Colors/Sounds to Hint these Telegraphs for you! Think of Ocarina of Time for example, within the text of said game, you would see various words highlighted in Green/Red/Blue/etc. that would provide the Hints for you as to where you were to go, and not have everything laid out for you. In UnEpic, you'll actually HEAR when you've been spotted, or when you've been seen and you'll have to make sure that you pay attention as it will also indicate when you can/will lose all of that 'Aggro' and not get bested!Whew...that's a lot to talk about, but I think I have one last thing to review for UnEpic. The Graphics for me personally are awesome - some may not like it, - the Gameplay is quite appealling to me as it's not truly a Turn-Based style and has it's own Side-Scrolling action/platforming elements - and again, this may not cater to everyone, - the Sound for me once more is still quite enjoyable...but I think the thing that really puts it over the edge (and bare in mind, this is coming from someone who doesn't pay a lot of attention to this particular portion of MOST games...and when I say that, I mean I rarely pay attention to this portion in a LOT of games) is the Story.The Story itself is freaking amazing. Well...not so much an amazing concept of a Story when it comes to what the Plot is. The Plot can be seen as something that's probably generic in a lot of Adventure games - especially when you think of the D&D-esque type Adventure games. You have a Hero - one that you're in charge of, so you're the Hero - who's on a Quest to do stuff! Stuff that generally involves killing a lot of Monsters, or Mobs, and then Bosses...you get the idea. That generally sums up any game really, lol. What really makes this thing amazing, and shine, is the delivery of said Plot/Story.One can take the everyday occurrence of a Hero on a Quest, and turn it into something marvelous by embedding comedy, drama, horror, or even sheer stupidity within the concept! The amount of times I've laughed in various places of the dialogue in this game has been...well numerous! I thoroughly enjoy comedy, and you can't ignore the classics - granted again this is biased as I'm a 24 year old Male - of Fart Jokes, or Crap Jokes (literally.) The give-and-take of theDuoon this Quest - our Hero, and one of his current enemies - is just something that gels well within the game and I would argue, sets a certain tone/mood for the entirety of the game. You get invested in the Characters - both of them - throughout the journey as you come to learn more about not only themselves, but the whole strcuture they're in!Well, I can really go on and on about this game for every little thing as I've enjoyed it so much, but right now I think I'll leave a few more words here for those who are still on the fence about this game - but please bare in mind that I'm probably going to be biased as I've enjoyed this game thoroughly!If you don't mind the Side-Scrolling action Gameplay, nor the Retro bit-esque Graphics, or even the concept of Grind/Farm that you will more than likely have to go through...then please, by all means pick up this little gem of a game as you'll find yourself laughing/roaring through certain portions of the game, and probably feeling the ambience that the general game provides!"
,Recommended,233980,14451085,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tom,"Unepic is metrovoidvani type 2d rpg exploring action game. The main protagonist is a gamer. This means you will get plenty of pop-culture references from the likes of Star Wars, WoW, Futurama and many more.The leveling up process is very nicely done, you can improve your abilities in pretty much everything, weapons, armour and potions.  The loot drop system follows games like Torchlight's colouring system, and your inventory can and will get very messy.Lots of side quests with some really clever ways of being able to complete them. There is more than one way for most things here.This is a real game for gamers, I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,233980,13732119,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,10kYoS,10 pregnant goblin girls out of 10. Would impregnate again.
,Recommended,233980,12621628,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Zuikaku,"Thieves, thieves, and oh, more thieves...It's very good value at $12.99, but even better if you wait for holiday discounts, it's very, very fun for people who enjoy the likes of Maple Story and such.Surprisingly, it really lacks in the amount of bugs you see in many games, most of the updates are mainly just to improve the game by adding various supports. If you somehow lost quest items and other important stuff and started panicking, don't worry, just find a discrete spot and lure thieves with valuables to their doom, it's not a game bug."
,Recommended,233980,12690330,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mazed Mouse,"I wasn't that interested in games like this, or this one, but after giving it a chance I am addicted. It uses very simple but rewarding systems for crafting, along with combat. I was a bit disappointed I could not use magic right away, but that is a very minor complaint. Pick this up if you have any interest in a side scrolling, rpg action combat."
,Recommended,233980,11401269,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,MonsterTM,"Super Fun game, if you are smart about what you buy and dont go all wasteless on stupid gear, you will be ok. This game brings you in the shoes of what would happen if you were transported into a rpg world, really funny, and there are so many other game refferences in it in the dialogue :P. Enjoy"
76561198020441519,Not Recommended,233980,32653658,Posted: 22 June,all,amethyst7,"So, I beat this game, and that took about 20 hours, and I usually roll my eyes when I see reviews that says they played the whole game but don't reccomend it, but there you go.I'm a big fan of metroidvanias in general, as well as stat crunchy item games, and was excited when I first saw this game. I really enjoyed the premise and silliness of the game, and wanting to get to the end of the game was the largest driver of me continuing to play for the last 12 hours... also, I kept thinking ""the ends gotta be soon, just a bit longer... ugh, just a bit longer.""As far as metroidvanias go, this game felt like it was missing something, namely in the finding-new-abilities-to-unlock-areas department. You get new abilities, but because it's stat-based build-a-character, they generally aren't required... except when they are, and you're mad because you didn't pick that magic path, and now this boss fight is going to be miserable and take 30 attempts. UGH. You unlock further areas by beating bosses and getting a key from them. Most of the boss fights were frustrating and repetetive. Despite leveling up and getting explicitly more powerful (in the ""I can kill those early enemies I never have to fight really easily now"" way) I never felt like any of my progression mattered, the only reason I couldn't beat the game earlier was because I had to jump through all of the boss-fight-get-key hoops.If you really like the standard metroidvania formula, this game may not deliver what you are looking for. I certainly can't imagine playing through it more than once, unlike the many times I've played through various Metroid games, Symphony of the Night, and Shadow Complex. If you like the concept of these types of games, but wish it required more RPG like grinding, or you're willing to play this game with a guide to make sure you avoid the character building pitfalls, you might have more fun than I did."
,Recommended,233980,7766513,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,KERNBOOM,"This game is totally Epic. A very deep, detailed, side scrolling RPG adventure with unique items and quests, proper jokes and fun multiplayer modes like co-op or racing. It puts the cool in old skool."
76561198002728071,Recommended,233980,29011768,Posted: 4 January,all,Balrôg,"UnEpic i'd say it's quite Epic. it's so much fun, and the speech lines are smart and can make you laugh. The gameplay is very good. I recommend the game and i'm gonna give an 8/10."
,Recommended,233980,27797873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"One of the best metroidvanias i playedPROS+Great Storyline+Tons of Humor+SUPERB easter eggs+Great RPG system+Variety of equipment+Nice difficulty+Great Challenges+Superb rewards for challenges+Multiplayer+Steam workshop supportCONSNo cons for nowI almost completed this game and i can say,it's really epic,fun and hard.You should buy it ASAP!"
,Recommended,233980,11402450,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,OniKai,"God knows why this game has a low meta score.If you love original style Castlevania games, I see no reason you wouldn't love this and to make things better you can take it to co-op with your friends, it's a really enjoyable game, only thing it is missing is character creation.Another good thing about this game they seem to improve on the game with each patch, so more future goodness might be in store, I might get that charecter creator. x3"
,Recommended,233980,12883197,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Papa-Palpatine,"This is by far one of the best games on Steam, it brings back the feeling of Symphony of the Night, and adds to it, the fact that you can make your own levels and share as well as multiplayer only makes this even better, I only with there was more of these games out there. Keep the fun rolling guys and make more like this."
,Recommended,233980,12374724,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cornflakes,"Finished the game (non-steam version) with an axe- & poison arrow bow-wielding, teleporting fire mage with a dragon pet. As laughable as that hybrid build sounds to anyone playing RPGs, it worked fantastically and was the most fun I had in a long time building a character.Also the developer is really charming <3"
76561197983549905,Recommended,233980,21250329,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Unforseenhunter,"This game is beautifully made. I love every minute of the dialog! So many movie references, I love it! Even if you die in the game its actually quite rewarding hilarious. I recommended this game to many of my friends who love RPG /DnD games."
,Recommended,233980,11329731,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Duffvader,"If you love Castlevania - Symphony of the Night. You really should give this game a chance. It's full with funny reference from known Games and Movies. The fighting system is simple but still challenging. The bossfights are amazing and there are alot of them. Tons of weapons and spells, which you need to specialiced, which gives this game much replaybility. Tried Multiplayer once with some random people, worked pretty well. But I think it's funnier with friends.The Inventory is a little bit ""strange"" for me, but nothing I couln't handle. It's like the inventory from Terraria.Music is OK, not more or less. The Story is unique and funny. The dialogues are funny and very well dubbed. Graphics has it own charm. Gameplay is pretty challenging. There are a few moments, when I turned this game frustrated off. But still coming back for more.8,5/10"
,Recommended,233980,22729457,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MEGAPARSEC,2 hours in and I thought it was 10 minutes. This game is amazing absorbing! I would recommed this game to anyone who likes playing games!
,Recommended,233980,34989932,Posted: 16 September,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"UnEpic is a platform/rpg game with great gameplay and mechanics.Pros:+ Graphic design: It was awesome, nostalgic enough to remind you of Amiga era classics, modern enough to make everything visible and easy on the eye.+ Sound design: Everything was good and blended well with the game.+ Gameplay: Levelling mechanics, metroidvania exploration, great map, puzzles, that nostalgic wondering feeling only old games had, difficulty, everything was amazingly balanced and worked on. (And one hell of an anti-cheat code :D )+ Controls: Its great considering the amount of things you can do in the game.+ Story is fun and good at parts.Cons:- Story is shallow at parts.9.5/10 Its a gem. I loved everything about it. Reminded me what gaming is about when i was a kid (C64 and Amiga era), it is amazingly fun to play and has the same charm of that era. If you are oldschool and looking for a good platform/rpg combo, this game is it!"
76561197970789549,Recommended,233980,28289627,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DiGGeR,Great little RPG with some good humor mixed all throughout.  Very fun to play.Best played with a gamepad.
,Recommended,233980,30632478,Posted: 20 March,all,Gavin E. Small.,"I'm not a big fan of RPGs but damn this game is good.Witty, META, crude college humor, and full of cultural references; what's not to love?This game can be frustrating if you have no idea what you're doing, but it's very fun once you get the hang of it.If only there was more English support on the community's side. Most guides are in Russian or Chinese or something like that and there are only very few guides about this game. Online search is more plentiful, but even then the game's wikia page is massively incomplete. I'd love to see this game get more love.I very much recommend this game and I'm even looking forward to getting my hands on the dev's new game: Ghost 1.0All in all I give this game a solid 10/10"
76561198042295987,Recommended,233980,22964816,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Xal,"This game was mention by Justin Roland (co creator of Rick and Morty) in a YouTube video by The Attack. I have been watching this game since it was on Steam Green light and it is one of the best things to come out of that program. It is funny, characters have feeling, gameplay is fun, and it is one of the best 2D RPG metroid kinda games. The only other 2d game up there is Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,233980,11414138,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Monofthedead,"An excellent campaign that lets you build a large variety of characters to tackle the games many challenges. Multiplayer maps to continue the adventure and perhaps try new builds, with friends! A level editor to try and stump your friends or recreate classic levels from other franchises. This is a massive amount of content especially considering the price. Cannot recommend ENOUGH!"
76561198148736036,Recommended,233980,25703553,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vegetable,"One hell of an amazing game.The replayability of this game is awesome, i actually need some people to play multiplayer withadd me? :)"
76561198023495574,Recommended,233980,32949267,Posted: 28 June,all,zavadaias,Very good game overall...semi old school style with good progressionfairly easy at start very hard at end gamemost of my problem is the same loop music when favcing a boss
,Recommended,233980,11459926,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,SMDoles,"UnEpic is a fun 2D/Metroidvania/RPG hybrid.Your character is a guy who is playing a tabletop RPG with friends when he has to use the restroom. After heading into the dark bathroom he suddenly starts noticing strange things while looking for the lightswitch. After pulling out his trusty lighter he soon realizes he is no longer at his friends house. He is now in some sort of dungeon which he believes is the result of his friends putting ""some kind of psychotropic♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; in his beer. Needless to say, not everyone will love the characters in this game. Their dialog isn't always the greatest, but this game is so full of references to other games that it mostly makes up for it. If that is your thing. The game has full voiceover for almost all of the dialog. Even inspecting most items in the game has voiceover and IMHO I think it's not too badly done. At least for most characters I've encountered so far. Not sure if any languages other than English has voiceover yet.The gameplay consists of switching between different weapon types to deal with different types of enemies. Flesh targets are weaker against swords, armored targets weak against maces (also maces break barrels much faster than swords), daggers do extra damage from behind, thing like that. You can also use magic spells in this game that you find in the form of tomes around the castle. You first copy them to your spellbook then you can cast them using the different color essences of enemies you have defeated.Personally I have really enjoyed this game so far. I got it on Steam sale but even the regular price is very fair for it in my opinion. There is a lot to do in this game and admittedly I haven't finished it yet. The castle is very large and as you progress through it you must also light all the torches in each of the rooms to fully light them up and be marked as explored on your map. I'm thoroughly enjoying my time in this game and am also enjoying the regular updates that have been coming out whlie this game was in early access. I would like to see another game from this developer.Will update review if anything changes by the time I finish it, but I don't really see that happening as I'm having a lot of fun with this game.8/10 - Fun Metroidvania with RPG elements and a pretty decent story."
76561198063120601,Recommended,233980,13528657,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Squirting Elephant,"A rogue/dungeon crawler with cheesy humor and relatively well-balanced gameplay with custom builds. If you love games like Rogue Legacy then you must buy this one as well.Interface:My first impression of the interface from the screenshots was that it would be clunky and complicated. However, it’s actually pretty easy to use and aside from that annoying quest log (It changes it's active quest all the time...) the interface is very well done and not confusing at all. The inventory management can actually be done with a auto-sort function instead of manually having to adjust items to fit them in yourself.Also most of the singleplayer dialogs are narrated and the voices are well chosen.Balance:People usually claim that spell casters is powerful however I only find this true for multiplayer once you reach level 5 or higher. Spellcasters become pretty overpowered at this point since there is no requirements in multiplayer to unlock abilities unlike single player. Completing certain areas or quests in single player is the only way to unlock abilities.  Alteration for an example is a magic ability you cannot invest in until you complete certain quests. Melee class is feasible in singleplayer as long as armor upgrades are being worked on otherwise you could be overwhelmed.Replayability:Challenges and multiplayer are the biggest replayability factors since the game lacks a new game+ mode. Luckily the multiplayer is extremely hard if you try to solo it and even with 2 players it can be really challenging if you don't fully optimize your builds and the difficulty curve in multiplayer-maps, the difficulty feels just about right. You must grind your level, essences and gear in multiplayer just as in singleplayer. That will keep you busy ;).Multiplayer:I missed the female protagonist a bit and the multiplayer code is really bad. I mean, it works without bugs and without crashes but even with the tiniest amount of latency (like 50ms) you still lag HORRIBLY. You get delays that are like 1-2 seconds long and you get randomly teleported across the screen and projectiles and such are all calculated from the host without any leniency for lag so you can guess how that will be... The game's code does not feel optimized for multiplayer at all.You can also create your own dungeons but your progress (experience, loot and such) is not saved there, so not many people want to play your dungeon. You can't alter your own house/town.There is sadly no local co-up as an option to play with your friends in the singleplayer dungeon.You always have to spent at (the very) least 4 points in healing no matter what build you take. There is no other alternative in multiplayer because the potions-skill is singleplayer-only and relying on random heal drops is not all that great.There are mostly US people online and 80% of the games are password protected. If you are from EU/ASIA/AUS/etc. then you will most likely have to find a friend to play with you because the lag otherwise would be unplayable.My conclusionI bought it for around 3 bucks and found the game to be worth more than what I paid for. The game is really well made and you can clearly see that the developer invested a lot of time into this game to fully perfect it. It's also pretty much bug free.Some sections of this review were rewritten by Falem"
,Not Recommended,233980,16666473,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,genoforprez,"This is a game I am very conflicted about. I bought it because I wanted a really good metroidvania type game, and trust me that there is some great metroidvania content in here, but there are a few things about this game that just grated on my nerves too hard and soured what could have otherwise been a very positive experience.OVERALL:Map/exploration: 9/10Items/Loot: 8/10Secrets: 7/10Character Building: 9/10Combat: 5/10Story/Characters: 4/10Humor: 1/10PROS:Huge 2D metroidvania style map to exploreLots of items to find (adds a D&D element to the metroidvania formula)Lighting the torches in each room makes for a surprisingly fun gameplay hookBoss battles feel satisfyingContains secrets (mostly behind secretly breakable walls)Lots of sidequests and bonus challengesCONS:COMBAT:The ranged combat is decent (though not being able to aim more vertically to hit flying/floating enemies can be a slight annoyance), but the melee combat is an exercise in frustration. You won't understand how frustrating when you're first starting out and merely hacking slow, passive slugs to death. But once you start encountering toughter, faster, more aggressive enemies, that's when the problems begin to truly rear their heads. Here is a bulleted list of the issues I had with the combat. They are bad enough in isolation, but in aggregate they are even worse:Every attack by every enemy inflicts knockback on you no matter what. Yet none of your attacks inflict knockback on any enemy ever. They are solid as a rock, while you are batted around like a cat's toy.Enemy attacks interrupt every action you take, whether it's swinging your weapon or drinking a potion. Your attacks can stun an enemy if they are not currently attacking, but your attacks do not interrupt enemy attacks.If you are fighting a melee enemy, sword vs sword, you'll find that for some reason the protagonist swings much more slowly than most enemies, which further allows them to easily interrupt your attempts to attack them. Add the knockback and interrupt to this, and you're in for a real pisser.Nine out of ten enemies in the game inflict a status effect on you if they hit you (poison, burning, frozen) and status effects stack, exponentially increasing the effect. Status effects are a key element of RPGs, but it's usually a little more rare.Given all of the above, you'll find yourself trying to use tactics that avoid direct melee combat (e.g. backstabbing and ranged) specifically because the double standard on the knockback and interrupt is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥that it's frankly not fun nor cost effective to use direct melee. Add the enemies that explode in a huge blast radius when they die, insta-killing you or instantly inflicting 4x status effects, and you'll begin wondering why you even carry a sword in the first place.You could, of course, drink yourself silly on health potions. But I feel like health potions are a thing you use to compensate for mistakes or missteps, not something you drink to damage sponge your way through knockback city.""HUMOR""Oh yes, I am most definitely putting it in quotes. The protagonist you'll be forced to play in this game is the most annoying and repulsive tw*t you will ever meet. Prepare yourself for a lot of poop, fart, and d*ck jokes of the most childish and puerile kind. And don't get me wrong. I like childish humor and silliness as much as the next person. For example, South Park has a lot of jokes about poop, farts, and sex, but the difference is that South Park is actually funny. When UnEpic makes its poop, fart, and sex jokes, it feels like a literal third grader's attempt at humor. It wants very much to be a funny game with funny dialogue, but instead it just comes off as annoyingly immature. Even worse, the intolerable a*hole of a protagonist fancies himself the cleverest man on earth and insists on making ""funny"" quips at every juncture (while congratulating himself on his own brilliance, of course), meaning you'll have to listen to his ""jokes"" (or tediously tap the skip button) fairly regularly.Maybe I wouldn't mind the protagonist if he actually seemed like a character. Like if he actually seemed like just a character who was written to be puerile or written to be an arrogant, self-satisfied prick who you would rather punch in the face than speak to. But what makes the problem worse is that he's not a believable character, because he is so inconsistent. One second he's making a joke about how he just farted or whatever (real comedy gold); then the next minute he's asking a female NPC seven times in a row if she wants to have sex, telling her how horny he is, how hot she looks, commenting on her genitals or whatever; then the next minute he sees a plant and makes what he thinks is a clever joke about growing marijuana, etc. Then after all of that, a dialogue where he brilliantly outsmarts his demonic possessor with reverse psychology and an Odyssean wit. The end result is that he seems less like a cohesive character and more like a vessel into which so many painfully immature fantasies have been dumped.I might have thought this character was my kind of guy in the 7th grade, but I am a grown man. How am I ever supposed to beat this game when nothing makes me happier than killing this unlikable♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again? He's the worst."
,Recommended,233980,23989965,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BAPBAP,Cute littleunepic adventure with nicebelow-the-beltjokes and funny multiplayer.Butthurt warning -  jumping mechanics is skill demanding.Worth its price totally.
76561198062275822,Recommended,233980,8774885,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,OrneryDave,"A lot of fun to be had with 3 friends very satisfying to laugh as others fall for traps or miss jump to there there death, but also alot of good cooperation and sacrifice for the team to reach goals first night i played with friends i spent hours laughing and yelling with my friends! Great Game"
76561198080427066,Recommended,233980,11437899,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nilf,"Best Platformer-Rpg game i ever played!Awesome single player campaign for ~12 hours and excellent D&D-like multiplayer.Just an epic game, nothing more to say about it."
76561198056681239,Recommended,233980,10278323,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FurthestBen,"UnEpic is a metriodvania with a twist.Its a game where a guy is playing dungeons and dragons, went to the toilet and appeared in a castle that he thinks is a dream.The melee style of fighting is pretty basic but magics and skills become more complex and powerful.The games got single player campaige is fun and its humour can make laugh but the games real strong points lie in the multiplayer.Multiplayer is replayable and is quite fun with others, the replayablity comes with the loot and the loot is the key to getting better. There's pletty of maps to choose from so the multiplayer doesn't end quickly but if you do complete the multiplayer, there is PVP and VS maps that you can test your might against other players which can bring in quite Epic deaths and kills.There is some downsides I admitIt can feel GrindyIt can feel annoying at times while you die constentlyIt can cause fightsBut in the end you will forget all your worries when you finally get all that loot you worked so hard for in your hands...Overall Its a awesome game that i feel that everyone can play, though some people will have a easier time than others.8.5/10 I would probable give this game if i could."
,Recommended,233980,16497924,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"Ignore the low play time above. I played this game a lot before buying it on Steam as well.Could not recommend this game more highly. It's a fun, well-designed, game that is easy to understand, simple to play and have a blast with, but challenging at the same time. Voice acting is nice, humor is great, but the dangers ar real... well, real for a video game. The interface is clean and logical and it plays and menu-navigates great with a 360 controller. A LOT of big studio's UI designers could learn a lot from this small, dedicated indie company out of Spain. Well done!Again, if the trailer looks fun to you, buy it. There is a demo but the full version has better sound and visuals and play. Still the demo gives an accurate representation, at least enough to see how you like it. Totally worth the full price. Crazy good steal for less than that. Treat yourself and help a small developer that stands behind their game. Buy it. You'll enjoy it.Happy gaming,M13"
,Recommended,233980,8679593,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,richfish57,"The first two thirds of the game are great. A simple classic game play which expands as new types of magic are unlocked makes for a fun and challenging experience. Unfortunately changes which don't make things more difficult but simply more irritating ruin what was otherwise a great game towards the last area.  If you have the patience for the end, or don't mind leaving the game unfinished, the game is worth playing. If not I'd give it a miss."
,Recommended,233980,8979981,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,decoy_oct,"Surprisingly fun and enjoyable. I admit, at first I didn't think I would like it. I thought it would be too meta, and the art style didn't really mesh with me. After finding the zoom button (LT/L2), it was much more enjoyable. The interface seems really busy, but you don't really focus on the outside elements as you do with the actual game play area. The writing isn't the best, but it keeps your attention and progresses the story in a humorous way. There are lots of references, which is a type of humor I enjoy, but sometimes it seems like a little too much. A controller is an absolute must for this game, I couldn't imagine using just a keyboard. If you enjoy Metroidvania type games, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,233980,23184202,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BOOM! Nutshot,"I'm not usually one for games like this, but it was on for a good price and lots of good reviews so I thought I would give it a try! Didn't regret it, it is a fun game especially when you get to make your own and share them with the world, though I haven't tried it, it gives you unlimited play time because theres always a new dungeon to try out."
,Recommended,233980,10877574,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Power,Metroidvania concept driven to perfection and an inspiration for Spanish game design. Everybody should play this game.
76561197990188583,Recommended,233980,26919986,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sinatr,"Get it and enjoy it.. humor, platformer, puzzles, story, coop, magic... Can't remember a single bad thing about it.. I lied, here is one: it's too short, only takes 100 hours to enjoy it fully.."
76561197971724802,Recommended,233980,35457991,Posted: 3 October,all,Pontifex Maximus,"UnEpicis a non-linear RPG platformer, more commonly known as a dungeon crawler. The game begins with the game’s hero, an average guy called Daniel, playing an RPG fantasy board game with his friends. Nature calls and Daniel heads to the bathroom, the lights go out and Daniel finds himself transported to a castle.UnEpic’s levels look like an 16-bit adventure game, littered with enemies, traps and rewards for the adventurer. The game does an adequate job of hitting all the standard RPG platformer tropes that it’s based on – earning XP to upgrade Daniel’s abilities, mixing ingredients to make potions, learning spells and trading with storekeepers dotted around the castle. You’ll also encounter side quests, undertaking missions to free pure spirits trapped within the castle’s walls.Gameplay and character progression inUnEpicfeels like an RPG built from a pen-and-paper player handbook. There’s a surprising amount of variety and depth to character skills and the combat is satisfying for much of the game.UnEpicwould be an excellent addition to any RPG fans library, as it has everything you expect from the genre.THE GOOD- The game is challenging, but you feel rewarded when you progress.- The interface is well done and makes dealing with the huge inventory less intimidating.- Graphics looks good.- Secret Challenges can be found and completed to earn downloadable items.- Humorous spoken dialogue.THE BAD- The retro art style and music will not appeal to everyone.- Quest are not on the map.- Stupid enemy AI8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561197998859129,Recommended,233980,9182732,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,toxast,"Классная игра. Получил больше кайфа чем от Бетмена и Биошока вместе взятых. Давно так не радовала меня никакая игра. Проработана детально, местами смешная, и всегда - интересная =)"
,Recommended,233980,26210709,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,rill,"A really fun, challenging game to play. Some of the movement is sloppy, but aside from that its a good game with a great level/loot system."
,Recommended,233980,8894618,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bogus,"This game, is a gem. Diamond in the rough. I mean i only got half way through singleplayer due to my competitive side, but multiplayer is where it shines. the shimmer of hope radianting and that hope is more multiplayer content. I recomment this game to anyone exept Tereus."
76561198060770240,Recommended,233980,16829605,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,dreeg,Wow the end of this game is really cool!
76561198051679849,Recommended,233980,10810350,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,0k,Dis game is gud
76561198092603845,Recommended,233980,27855132,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Krohailo,"UnEpic is basically a Metroidvania-type game: You explore a vast 2D Dungeon and are free to explore any room as long as you have the key to open it.The game features various melee-weapons, ranged weapons, spells, pets and a level-up system for each type. It has great music (for the most part) and really good dialogues to guide the player through the solid (not great, but not bad also) story.There are hundrets of ways you can (and will) die, hundrets of rooms to explore and dozens of npcs to talk to.In addition to the main game, there is an extensive level editor and an CoOp Option (though not for the main story).I can't think of anything negative with this game.So, if you like the genre: Give it a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233980,8443849,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,bad1080,"highly recommended! it really has this old school feeling to it, if you liked d&d even better! it doesnt take you by the hand or anything and its trying its best to kill you, so be prepared for battle, traps and a ghost trying to reverse psychology you into doom! but it stays fair at all times and motivating! it even has a good storyline, cheezy but good!the only negative so far: the auto save is a bit flawed imo (you dont know when it saves) but there is an easy workaround for that (free teleportation to ""save station"")again: i highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,233980,23487348,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Commodore Schlippy,"This game is a welcome breath of fresh air; long has it been since we've had an actualy Metroidvania that could make that exploring itch in me finally stop clawing at my back.This game combines some of the best parts of Metroidvania style gameplay with mature humor and a fantasy theme; combine this with it's attitude toward the idea of 'Your the hero, go nuts,' and this game turns from amazing to a masterpiece. Colorful and unique charaters, random loot generation for enemies, and a unique perspective into the ideas of Gary Gygax lead to hours of fun in this game.No seriously, don't approach this with the standard fantasy game ideas; you will literally have your hat, and lighter, handed to you over and over again."
76561197993395011,Recommended,233980,24294329,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Iking,"It's probably one of the best metroidvania-type games on steam right now. The gameplay is solid and the humour makes, what is a very simple plot, thoroughly entertaining. I highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,233980,11215836,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Komujeese,"Despite the appearance of being a ""joke game"" made to get a few cheap laughs out of you Unepic has great gameplay. The humour left me unimpressed for the most part, but perversely the story turned out to be somewhat interesting. The best part is the gameplay as it should be. Unepic is a fairly unconventional metroidvania-ish action RPG.The mechanics are well thought-out, exploration is fun. The controls can be a bit counter-intuitive at first, but I got used to it. There are no ground breaking innovations, but there are some unique ideas that work well, such as the torch lighting mechanic. Every time you go to a new area, you wanna light the torches in the room to mark it ""visited"" and you can see enemies better.I liked the game much more than I expected. I thought it's gonna be a nice distraction while looking for a better game, but Unepic was find, engaging and addictive for the most part.P.S. Tell your skeletons not to sodomize me, Zera."
76561197997097979,Recommended,233980,8987960,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,PittShadowrunner,"Unepic is a fun side scrolling adventure, but fairly repetitive.  For the nostalgic, it's quite reminiscent of Faxanadu for the NES as far as gameplay is concerned.It's certainly not innovative, but it can be challenging.  If you have a longing for games of 20-25 years past, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,233980,9608729,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Jokemercy,"Great little game, I got 365 hours of enjoyment (and counting) for the prices of a ******* coffee at Starbucks, can't be bad to that."
,Recommended,233980,27525316,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cpt.HunterZPC,The best rpg platformer  in my opinion.Caution! addictive!
76561198141606941,Recommended,233980,11088902,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,freezeman42,Great game! Requires a bit of dexterity if you want to do all achievements! =PI you lied Castlevnia : Symphony of the night then this game is for you!!
,Recommended,233980,10595360,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Grizzthor,Fun metroidvania game!
,Recommended,233980,11012713,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,I'm Dead,Had sex with goblins 10/10
,Recommended,233980,1682369,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,AmazingKimchiman,겜은 존나 재미있는데 운지라던가... 하는 대사가 자주 등장함 민감한 사람은 주의요망어쨌든 게임은 재미짐
76561198054105291,Recommended,233980,9193555,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bograve,"One of the best games I have played in a long time excellent UI, and gaming experiences I have had in years"
,Recommended,233980,7975591,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,raixel,"This game is one of my favorite Medriodvania style games. Its *awesome*.You are a stoner-like dude playing D&D with friends who gets sucked into an alternate dimension when you go to take a leak in the bathroom. As you can imagine, theres a lot of gamer humor (including one section where the hero has sex with goblin chicks - of course it doesnt show anything.) The dialogue had me LOLing many times. You have a companion trapped in your body, an evil spirit who is trying to get you killed in any way possible. This leads to all sorts of amusing situations.It has an awesome inventory and item system, and levels like an RPG so you get stronger as you progress. Theres also magic and all sorts of things you can collect and spells to learn.The graphics are good, if a bit small, but this in no way detracts from the awesomeness. If you think a game about a gamer being sucked into an alternate demension wouldnt be complex, guess again. The spell/skill/ item system is amazing, the layout of the game huge (but easy to make your way around in due to teleports.)Overall, if you are a fan of this style of game this is a must have. And even if you aren't, its still a great game. Get it."
76561198040186667,Recommended,233980,9239975,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,The Iron Lad,Is very good
76561197972915600,Recommended,233980,17102850,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,aWildCzechAppears,"TL;DR: Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is good.I bought this during the summer sale for a few bucks but IT IS WORTH IT AT NORMAL PRICE.  Currently the normal price is $12.  I bought this on whim that I might like something to play when I got bored - holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was I wrong.  This isn't ""something to play"", but rather an epic adventure through a D&D style rpg with tons of loot and enemies.  Considering one guy programmed this, I am very impressed.  This developer knew his♥♥♥♥♥♥when he set out to make this game and it really shows.  If you're here for graphics (or hate platformers) then ♥♥♥♥ off; this game is not for you.  This game is for everyone else.When I started the game I thought to myself, ""meh, this'll be a few hours of fun"".  Wow, was I wrong... I have been neglecting my work and friends for a few days now trying to beat this damn thing.  If you want a real challenge then pick something above ""normal"" difficulty, but you will not do the game justice if you play on ""easy"" (it's boring).  I plan to play this game at least twice to try out both my mage build and my necromancer/warrior build.WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS!?  BUY THE GAME FFS!"
76561197982727216,Recommended,233980,23193096,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,alanisman1,"UnEpic is a Metroidvania style game in a D&D setting with weapons, magic spells, and enemies from the fantasy genre.  The graphics and interface are excellent, however the controls sometimes get in the way of the difficult battles and platforming required to navigate the huge castle.  Although everything about this game is charming and detailed, I found myself getting frustrated by constant deaths and getting lost.  However I still recommend the game especially if on sale.PROS+ Unique RPG/D&D take on Metroidvania genre+ Attractive graphics, good sound/music, and decent voice work helps immersion+ Multiple ways to level up character improves replay value+ Tons of weapons, items, spells, and recipes to find+ Large inventory and great menus leads to a supportive, useful interface+ Raunchy humor kept me entertained+ Level Editor and Workshop support means potentially endless replayabilityCONS- Imperfect controls leads to frustrating situations (controller is a must)- Easy to get lost (ability to make text notes on map helps a little)- Navigating huge map can cause irritation (expensive teleportation items help)- Constantly respawning enemies, while great for grinding, get annoying- Found myself Rage Quitting more than I thought I would- Game crashed to desktop on multiple occassions"
,Recommended,233980,12679509,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ms,"Great game with a vintage flavour. Dont let the starting humor and jokes confuse you, it is a very good platformer rpg with a certain level of difficulty. The gameplay is smooth although a controller is advisable.A great game that can give you many hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,233980,12487546,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,To The Mars,"Unepic 8.5/10Even though its a long time ago i finished this game on 100% to be ready for a good review, i should be able to give you a good opinion about this game.Graphic: 8.5/10Nothing special. Oldschool indie graphics which are still amazing ;)Sound: 7/10Yea not the best in the game but still good enough!Storyline: 8/10Good in-depth story with a bad ending tbh. [ didnt want to spoiler anything here ;) ]Specialization: 9.5/10There are many different options to allow ur own playstyle which is amazing.Item Management is also rly good. Could be improved in many ways tho ;).If you´re searching for an oldschool indie rpg unepic is the way to go :)The gametitle is indeed misleading. This game is truely EPIC!"
,Recommended,233980,8601580,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mars111,"Awesome game, pick the gold at start,  get a little advantage! 100/10."
,Not Recommended,233980,32268159,Posted: 8 June,all,Mustard Dog,"Very passable game, verging on the lower end of the scale, only reason to buy is morbid curiousity. Full of horrendous humour and out dated, lazy references. This could have definitely done with a years more development and polish, the gameplay is decent enough, though the game contains plenty of infuriating and poorly thought out mechanics. I powered through this game to satisfy the completionist in me, and the experience overall, was a 4/10 airing on the generous side."
76561198050880577,Recommended,233980,10312156,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,MCL,"I played this game thinking its gona be cake so i chose the second hardest difficultly and it took a while to finish with so many refrences i could swear ""it's a trap"". As you encounter numerous enemies in a long jorney through a castle learning cool new magic, fighting your way to the top. To get suprised by the ending once, twice, and a thrid ops, a forth time. I would recomend this for sure."
76561198053447064,Recommended,233980,9914578,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Leonhardt84,"dungeons and dragons style meets platformer. Truly an epic game with 3 amazing endings you chose (one being the funniest i have ever seen) UnEpic can easily give you 100+ hours of gameplay, worth the buy."
,Recommended,233980,9081992,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Sarge,"There aren't many games that make me want to start them over and over again until I get my character set-up just right, but UnEpic is one of them. This game is a blast from start to finish, and has that Metroidvania feel to it along with a dash of nerdy humor. There are plenty of tongue in cheek references from Space Balls to Futurama, Army of Darkness to Star Trek and Lord of the Rings. I love the opening scene too.Gameplay itself is rock solid, with options for all styles of combat, from dagger to spell. The only thing I would add is a block function, as it can be annoying to have all these weapon and armor drops but still end up taking damage due to a mistimed step (especially against some of the Ghost Armor enemies later on in the game). The difficulty level isn't brutal, you just have to be on your toes and know what you are getting into from the gate. I recommend tinkering with it on Easy before making the leap to Hard or Hard+.Character customization is handled through a skill point system, much like any tabletop RPG would be. You can keep skill points as long as you like, and I recommend only really increasing your Constitution score until you figure out what style you want to use. You gain 5 points per level, though the Hard and Hard+ mode give you 6 or 7 respectfully. The game has a rock paper scissors feel to it, in that certain weapons are more useful against certain enemies, i.e. Hammers vs Skeletons and Blades vs Living creatures. You will still damage enemies, but there will be a noticable difference in how much damage you are dishing out against the wrong type. Eventually, given enough levels and higher end gear, you can use anything on anyone however.The boss fights are huge spectacles that remind me of Super Metroid or Castelvania IV. Giant, screen-filling enemies serve as 'Guardians' to each area, and all have unique challenges and fighting styles that take getting used to. Learning through trial and error takes patience, and you'll get sick of the death music after a while, but the feeling of winning makes it all worth it.There is also a challenge system which increases replay value dramatically. Challenges reward the player with UN coins/points, which carry over between characters and save files. These points are used to buy novelty items, unique weapons and a special orb that will allow you to redistribite your points one time (which you can also get via a quest, so technically, twice). I ran into an issue of losing all my unlocked but incomplete challenges when playing offline, and that is very frustrating. Once you unlock a challenge with a character, you cannot unlock it again, so I have to start a new file to get access to the ones I had listed but didn't finish. That's the biggest flaw I've found so far.I'd like a little more polish on this game before I'll call it a go to, as there are elements of the inventory which annoy me (not having the ability to manually arrange items, with a controller at least, being the biggest) and there are some vague quests that will end up with you having to shell out hard earned gold to get augury scrolls just to finish them (the search for the spirit's name springs to mind. I cleared that Library dozens of times until I figured out where it was). But the overall product is  well done, and with a few more revisions will be complete.There is a multiplayer element, but I have yet to try it out, as the single player campaign is more than satisfying. I say give this game a shot, the worst you do is lose an hour or so on a weekend, and at best you find a suitable old school game to keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,233980,8625206,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,coroud,Игра с душой
,Recommended,233980,8701778,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,$20 is $20 dude,"Singleplayer is just amazing in all ways possible. So much funny stuff and references. Multiplayer however, is missing a lot and is very difficult. I can't wait for multiplayer to be improved to where it's actually fun!"
76561198062316312,Recommended,233980,8409568,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lawfulevil,absolutely awesome
76561197995784980,Recommended,233980,8486043,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Thelgor,"I wasn't sure what to expect with this game but I decided to take a chance on it during the Steam winter sale.  I'm glad I did.In short, the controls are simple, the graphics are adequate for the style of game, the dialog is fun, and it can be played in short bursts.In long:I was a bit surprised by the controls as the game appears to be a port from a console system.  The Steam version is keyboard  and controller based but you can use your mouse as an alternative when browsing through menus.  Moving is easy for common movements but trying to perform precise movements can be difficult with the keyboard; which was my primary input device.  Fortunately, I haven't come across any instances of this except for the one time I was trying to jump off a ladder and land in a specific spot.The graphics are good for this game.  Stylized and cartoony, they provide decent illustrations of the objects they represent.  My only complaint is that some objects don't occupy the same physical space the sprite does.  In some cases, this resulted in my attacks being off even though contact appeared to be made.  I was able to learn which sprites were off, though, and adjusted my game play for it.  However, this is more a slight annoyance at worst as it's only a few sprites where this seems to occur.Starting the game prompts for an generalized age range.  I don't know of any body in the ""teen"" bracket that would willingly select it unless their parents were standing over their shoulder when they made the choice.  I don't know what it does for the dialog though as I chose the ""adult"" version.  My choice resulted in a few ""F"" bombs and some other crude language but nothing excessive.  The voice acting is passable and doesn't clash with their respective image; dark and foreboding sounds dark and foreboding where geeky and small sounds geeky and small.  It's not oscar material but it works here.Depending on type of game you select (newbie, normal, hardcore), activates specific save methods.  I can't attest for anything other than newbie as that was what I selected to get a feel for the game.  That mode has checkpoint saves and a save location that you can visit to save at anytime.  The checkpoints are not noticeable though and I didn't know if I had passed one until I resumed a saved game.  It's not long to reach the save spot and there's an item later that allows you to instantly teleport to it, so it's not too bad.All in all, I'm happy with my purchase.  Granted, I haven't gotten very far in the game yet but its been fun so far."
,Recommended,233980,8414184,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"very interesting and fun game. I frequently play dungeon and dragons and other table top games and RPGs, so when i picked this game up on sale i thought it would be worth the money. needless to say i was right. the game is fun, hilarious, and i cant wait to see what else this game will add while its still an early access game"
76561198091557847,Recommended,233980,8799727,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Le Duelist,"UnEpic is a roleplaying dungeon-crawling game. It's a story about Daniel, an old-school tabletop RPG player, who mysteriously finds himself in a medieval castle after going to the bathroom during a gaming session. Once he arrives there, he tries to figure out how he got there, and how he can return to his world.For starters, the castle that Daniel has been teleported to is massive. If that wasn't bad enough, the castle is full of creatures and has seven guardians he must defeat before he can defeat the lord of the castle, Harnakon, and find a way to go home. While pursuing that goal, you can play Daniel however you want, and there is even a character sheet vaguely reminiscent of a Dungeons & Dragons character sheet that lets you build him however you would like. Want to be an axe-weilding barbarian? Or maybe a spellcaster is more to your liking? There are plenty of options to explore in this diverse game. But enough about story and character development, let's get to raw gameplay.The game plays as a 2D Platformer and is actually very well designed. The levels are built in such a way that you could run through them accomplishing all your main objectives and still have loads of material to come back to later. It also features a gate system that leads to a travel hub for quicker transportation to locations that you have previously reached. Combat is well thought out and requires careful attention to small details, like status ailments, and leaves you completely in the dark as to whether most enemies are almost dead, as they lack a health bar. The games small amount of bosses are well-made and put up quite a struggle. These fights are few and far between, but make you feel rewarded when you beat one and have a shower of gold coins fall from the heavens.The RPG aspect is heavily emphasized in UnEpic. There are frequent inner dialougues and dialogues with other characters like Zera, merchants, and all the random NPCs that you could ever want. There are quite a few funny conversations and references to other things like Star Wars, Futurama, and Lord of the Rings, just to name a few.The game also has great multiplayer. There are Coop and Vs. game modes that you can play with your friends (or strangers) with characters you specifically create for online play. The cooperative campaign is completely different from the single-player campaign and follows the group playing an RPG instead of being IN an RPG.All-in-All, I'm very satisfied that I bought this game and recommend it to any of my friends (or anyone else who likes what they've read)."
76561198046861332,Recommended,233980,8802122,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DrUnKeN,not bad gotta love 2d games
76561198069437830,Recommended,233980,8803701,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MashButtons!!!,"Awesome, addicting, immature!!"
,Recommended,233980,8312086,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,InTheGhett0,"So much Winning!A familiar low-budget graphical feel to those of us old enough to have grown up with an NES, Genesis and/or a pre-Pentium PC and who can appreciate the quality of properly executed Old School style games. Solid audio / music. Decent interface. Very user-friendly. Hilarious dialogue that truly speaks to the 30-something gamer who grew in the 80s.On top of that, it seems to be a pretty diverse and well-thought out platformer with a miriad of options and features that really set it apart. A classic platform experience with a new-age attention to detail and improvements / augmentations that make it feel like that first time you played CastleVania or Metroid without the mind-wracking frutration of 48 digit passwords, counter-intuitive menus/controls and cripplingly touchy control interface.A lack of full-on controller support (Alas, this game like so many wants an XBox controller and no less) is easily compensated for by a witty dialogue that has made me LoL more than once in the first 30 minutes of gameplay. A great little gem, and a must buy for $5 or less.Ghett0 approved at a recommended price of about $2.99. Would pay up to $5 if controller support was universal rather than just X-Box or bust. Anything under $5 for a player who wants a good gameplay experience with an old-school feel is a bargain."
,Recommended,233980,8320028,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,billbotics,"There need to be more games like this.A 2D platformer with great RPG elements (and seemingly ARPG loot tables). It's like a mixture of Metroidvania games and Diablo/Torchlight. I would say the only draw back to this game is the overly crude humor (it gets old pretty quickly) and fact that you can't skip dialog that is spoken without skipping the entire conversation. The story is also pretty forgettable as the humor takes away from any plot that you might care about.I really enjoy all of the mechanics in this game, and would love to see more in this vain... especially a very deep, serious take."
76561198044380068,Recommended,233980,8351733,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mectron,"A really good dungeon crawler, Nice story and great humor with loads of nerdy references.I bought this game at a sale and almost feel dirty. Game is worth every penny at full price."
76561197998159469,Recommended,233980,8546077,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Pixlmancy,"Nice little Indie game to pick up pretty cheap, good few hours of gameplay involved, and a good levelling system as you'd expect from an RPG-like game."
,Recommended,233980,8824750,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Enejaner,"UnEpic is a completely fun, and rewarding game. The constant references to other ""nerd"" material heighten its humor greatly. Though progression and back tracking are heavy, the fact of challanges and basic Trolling boss encounters will fill you with rage, untill they are slain, which will transmute that rage into Joy. I give UnEpic a astounding 1252/1647"
,Recommended,233980,7890811,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mesmerchair,"It is a nice, quirky game, that has many hours of gameplay to offer, and the multiplayer version is good too, it's lots of fun with friends. and randoms alike."
76561198098446019,Recommended,233980,8611866,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,mrganritt,My friend bought this game and i am not really one to play RPG's but this is one of the best games i have played since 2000 really challenging and alot of fun very addictive
,Recommended,233980,4666182,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,jess the guide has arrived,"Simple, hard and ridiculously addictive."
76561197985915041,Recommended,233980,8357039,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Silojack,"Don't let the side-scrolling, 2D platformer fool you.  UNepic is a really good game primarily for its great sense of humor.  The voice acting is top notch and the comedic interplay between the protagonist and antagonist is hillarious.  UNepic offers traditional Castlevania-style gameplay with character advancement and gear upgrading.  The controls are simplistic yet satisfying and there is also a map feature that allows you to track you location in the castle and annotate -- which is cool.  There is alot of bang for you buck here and the comedy alone is worth the paltry sum."
,Recommended,233980,8646537,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,TranceAddictFoX,"Wow, I just finished Unepic's single player and I am blown away.  This review is just for single player.  I chose to play on hard mode to make it a little more similar to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, one of my all time favorite games.  The difficulty progressed at a good rate and It proved to be a good challenge while not being so difficult that I lost interest.  I had to put the controller down a few times due to frustration but never more than a couple minutes and I always wanted to come back and beat that next boss or get past that next room.The story was good and I enjoyed how the main character related to his situation.   I'm also happy to say the voice acting is well done, especially for the main characters.  They play their rolls very well and never feel like they are just reading off a script.  Wow, the end is really cool!  It had me worried for a second but overall came back with some laughs and I felt good with it.The music was exceptional to me.  It looped very well and never got annoying while I was running around dissecting everything in my path, which also sounded great.  It felt completely in place for each area of the castle and was one of the main things that made this game bring back the nostalgia I have for Castlevania: SOTN on the PS1.  Other things like items falling on the ground, lighting torches, squishy enemies, and shooting waves of fire in front of you all sounded great.  I did encounter one bug where sometimes the background music would start playing more than once, creating kind of an echo.  This went away after getting in combat (because combat music took over) or going to a different area with different, or no, music and wasn't a huge issue.I'm a sucker for the 2D/3D style that Castlevania: SOTN is known for.  While I don't believe Unepic makes use of any 3D the shadows and lighting are excellent and do an amazing job at bringing depth to the game.  I like the style of the characters/enemies and the castle is a treat to wander through.  Everything is well animated and beautiful to look at if you enjoy this old school style.   One thing I really enjoyed was having to light the torches in every area.  It's a great touch that adds to the wonder and curiosity of exploring the castle while giving you that great accomplished feeling when the ringing sound plays from lighting the last torch in a section.I choose to play with my Xbox 360 controller which it detected and is set up perfectly for.  The game gives you 12 hotkeys for a controller setup which was enough although a couple times I wish I had one or two more.  Controls felt tight and responsive and I had no problem quickly navigating around the dungeon.  Targeting can be a little tough if there are a lot of enemies but I never felt like I couldn't get past an area because of it.There are only 2 ""bad"" things I feel I need to mention.  First, there is a (4 screens) long room with glowing white orbs you have to avoid.  I found that the orbs will often hit you when they shouldn't as if the hit-box was ahead or behind the visual representation of the orb.  It was one of the most frustrating moments for me as I kept getting ""hit"" when I was more than an inch away from the orb which would take me back to my last save which meant in the middle of the castle because I was playing on hard and a bit of a run to get back there. Second I had originally planned to be a mostly melee character but I found by the end of the game I found I was using my bow almost exclusively.  The endgame feels like its designed only with long range attacks in mind so make sure you have something long range or its going to be very tough.Overall I would give this game a 9 out of 10.  Despite a few minor irritations the quality of the characters, graphics, gameplay, story, music and sounds is way above average and well worth the asking price.  I have a ton of great memories from playing through just the single player and it's one I will come back to every few years to play again and again just for that feeling of nostalgia.If you're a fan of Castlevania style games then do yourself a favor and pick Unepic up.  If its on sale for less than 5 dollars, even if you're not sure about it, I'd strongly recommend giving it a go.  I think most people will thoroughly enjoy Unepic and what it offers and even if you don't it's only the cost of a coffee."
,Recommended,233980,727397,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,RussTech,Not bad at all. A mix of Metroidvania with old school RPGs.
,Recommended,233980,1739727,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Maxion,"Almost like playing D&D (though as a 2D platforming RPG), especially with friends. Amusing references, enjoyable story, and challenging in a satisfying way.Beware the second multiplayer boss is very challenging, especially with fewer people, but still doable (bring a lot of arrows)."
76561198064277704,Recommended,233980,23993278,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AxtonRulesInBL2,"I purchased this game on the last big sale in 2015.  Finally got to play it in 2016.  Really good story in my first hour of playtime.  I mainly use an xBox controller to play, but some keys you still need the keyboard, which is ok.  I love the cutomizining of shortcut keys on the gamepad during the tutorial.  Wish all games had that feature instead of trial and error or major reprogramming.  Great game so far!"
,Recommended,233980,8549225,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,IrateHope,"After watching the preview and seeing the ""metroidvania"" gameplay, I knew I had to get it. When it went on sale, I bought it without question. This game was not a disappointment.PROS:*Great comedy geared towards its audience*Interesting Storyline*Completely customizable characterCONS:*Learning curve can be hit or miss. If you know these types of games, it should not be a problem. If you do not, welcome to a great genre but be patient.OVERALL:This game was almost exactly what I had hoped it to be. I know I am only a few hours into the game (lv5) but I will update if I believe it is not worth the buy. One reminder though: it is still in development. With all this in mind, and what I have seen so far, it is a definite buy."
76561198008968964,Recommended,233980,8724403,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kyle,"Wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,3635940,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Say My Name,"Jogaço galera, estilo castlevania e tem clima dos games de pc mais antigos, esse merece cada centavo ^^"
,Recommended,233980,15747932,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Causedmoth9,UnEpic is one the best RPG platforming game of all history.
76561198034957127,Recommended,233980,16605179,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,boxdard420,"A few hours in:"" that guy's name is yogurt ,....ha! ""10/10"
76561197972393277,Recommended,233980,16698216,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,EmGooser,"Damn!  This game makes my head hurt but in a good way.  If you like RPGs that don't take themselves to serious this is an awesome one.  Be warned, it is not a easy game."
76561198060420579,Recommended,233980,8448314,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Luke,"AWESOME GAME. Really, it's amazing! Most reviews were made while this was still in alpha or something and they were already good, in the majority...the game's not even through the beta and it's already WAY BETTER! For anyone who's into D&D, good stories and lotsa fun, this is a MUST buy!"
76561198024308133,Recommended,233980,9911210,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Langley,This is a great game. It is simplely fun to play and has a good humor to it. This was a game made for people who love games.
,Recommended,233980,2223000,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Ibitato,"This game is a really solid and fun experience.It has something, that keeps you playing and playing.The keyboard controls are snappy. The gameplay is excellent.The game is a lot of fun.The MP is completely different from SP, since it's based in different mapswith objectivesYou can say there are 2 games, SP and MP.MP is still work in progress. I do hope that this game gets all the hypeso MP comes strong.You can tell fast enough all the care put into the game, from few minutes / hoursplayed.I do hope they come out with audio in english at least, since t the game withspanish audio gains a lot.I higly reccomend this game."
76561197970614960,Recommended,233980,10670434,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HopmanUK,"Cannot recommend this game enough. Good humour, good play style, multiplayer enabled game (which causes a fair bit of hilarity)."
,Recommended,233980,10860548,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Precision,"Unepic is one of the best games I've ever played! After logging over 150 hours on this game, I still come back occasionally to play the addictive multiplayer. This game is great for achievement hunters or people who want to play a game with some buddies. It incorperates humor throughout the game and will make you want to read the text as long as you're not rushing to get to some loot before your friend does. The game has many diverse spells, weapons, and can be very challenging. You won't regret buying this game as long as you have one or more buddies that can play the game with you!"
,Recommended,233980,10863520,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TokkoTai,"Spanish development at its finest. Classic metroidvania style with the flavour of the old-school classics of Dinamic Software and Topo Soft: Low budget, high dedication.Very good level desing and amazing voice acting both in spanish and english, with a lot of hilarious references to the nerd culture of Dungeons&Dragons, Blizzard Games, Star Wars etc.A little gem hand-crafted by one single person that must be played by any indie games lover. It won't disappoint you."
,Recommended,233980,8176827,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Business Cat,"This game is way awesome, and if you're a fan of the genre you will love it."
76561197990486109,Recommended,233980,10943116,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jehamia,For those of you who are members of the table top RPG community this game is a fun satire of the D&D genre of games.  Highly recommended for a fun time.
76561198012499607,Recommended,233980,8576183,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,mortiturus,"I've just played the whole game through till the ""horrible end"". It's hilarious! Congrat and thanx for the developers for this great game. It was a long time since I found a game so addictive and challenging. Thanx Zsolt for the cool Hungarian text as well.Highly recommended for the RPG fans.:-)"
,Recommended,233980,8341141,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,scilixx,Metroidvania goodness :3
76561198017491676,Recommended,233980,3103550,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Fingerwing,Забавнейшая игра! Как в детство золотое вернулся! Купил её и накативший депресняк как рукой сняло!
76561198115812513,Recommended,233980,23778180,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,King Skywhale,"Alright, so this is a good game. The game has a satisfying feel of everything you do and carries everything out very well. One thing that's a *little* annoying is that the map isn't very easy to actually use, as it looks like a bunch of boxes. That part could mainly be because I haven't played it enough to need the map though. Either way, this game is good and you should buy it if you're into this kinda stuff."
76561198077513589,Recommended,233980,19352460,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SuperChunk,This game is pretty good. I guess. If you like metroidvanias you would like this
76561197995914636,Recommended,233980,1652829,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,norD,This game is really awesome ! A must buy for any Dungeon Crawler fans.
,Recommended,233980,10701706,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,A.C.C. The Limper,I cannot begin to say how much I am enjoying this game.  The easter eggs take me back to my younger days and for that I thank the developers.  The gameplay itself is very straightforward.  I'm TRULY happy I bought this game.  It is much more entertaining than I would have thought possible for as simplistic as it looks.  Well done!  My hats off to everyone involved in this game.
,Recommended,233980,8463115,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FreshFriendz,"I'm not sure why this is marked as ""early access"" because I played a finished RPG which is awesome!It's oldschool but not old. Full of joy, happyness, sarcasm, great humor and nothing else but fun!For every RPG-lover who like to fight with their brain and not only with their mousebutton: this is your game with at least 20h fun!PS: multiplayer seems to be full of jerks, but it's great if you take your friends with you ;)"
76561198002526041,Recommended,233980,8402799,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chelvie,"This game is a surprise gem that keeps getting better.  The singleplayer is great, but the game really starts to shine when you play the multiplayer.  The DM is just a raging♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198133251638,Recommended,233980,26830456,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Larry_Nesko,"Surprisingly engaging with just the right amount of snark towards well worn RPG trops.  You need some platformer skills to do well in this game.  But the interface is clean, the mechanics are crisp, and the graphics are appealing.  In fairness, I think it's a bit pricey compared to other games of its ilk.  But if you can get it at even a small discount (say, under $10), you'll get value for money."
,Recommended,233980,23875364,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,theRoblem,"Unepic is a fantastic game.I play a wide variety of games and Castlevania: Symphony of the Knight is absolutely in my top 5 games of all time. Unepic captures the essence of the gameplay but in a different visual style and tone.It has puzzles and encounters that really make you think about what you're doing and those moments are broken up by lots of fan-service, tongue-in-cheek humor from ""nerd pop culture""Futurama, D&D, Star Wars references just to name a few.This game is as entertaining as it is amusing and I FULLY reccomend it for anyone that is even thinking of trying it. Seriously, buy the damn game right now."
,Recommended,233980,11136554,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Basilisk,"UnEpic is an amazing blend of Metroidvania and adult humor. If you enjoyed the 2D Castlevania games and can appreciate the humor, you'll love UnEpic. The gameplay and the story are both top notch, and it clocks in at an impressive 28 hours of content.If I had to find fault somewhere, it would be that some of the bosses can be frustratingly difficult. I came very close to rage-quitting on one of them. But I'm glad I didn't give up, because the rest of the game more than makes up for the occasional frustration.In short, play UnEpic. You'll find something to enjoy, be it the story, the gameplay, or the shout-outs to your favorite classics. And the ending. Wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,3381079,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,[USF4Revival] pmf026 (icanhazGG),"There should be more games like this!! Its an awesome platformer/RPG. You gotta play it! Trust me, you won't regret any second of it! The gameplay, the funny story, lots of funny encounters.. I played on Hard difficulty, and yeah this game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥pretty hard.. but I've finally beat it, and all that's left to say is ""wow, the ending was very cool!!"" (please don't send those orcs after me ok? thanks) :)Story: 8/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 8/10 (but its not that important, because gameplay comes first)Music: 7/10REALLY GOOD STUFF!!! A MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,233980,10654646,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gaivs_petronivs,"It's a fun little hack and slash.  The dialogues are cute and cheeky, and there are plenty of monsters to kill and pop culture references.  I recommend for a good time."
76561197996902297,Recommended,233980,10041523,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Magekind,"UnEpic tried to be a parody of action-RPGs, but woke up in a strange, alternate world where it's just a side-scrolling action RPG with lots of nifty tricks, a moderately well-established storyline, and plenty of things to do to keep you interested. Ultimately, the game just works, storyline gimmicks, as amusing as they might be, aside."
,Recommended,233980,10757789,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Torntabittz,"I've played many dungeoncrawlers and this one is simple.  However, it has kept my interest and my attention satisfied.  I'm hooked and have no intentions of writing it off as a waste of time.  The adult, 16+ mode is very entertaining.  The inventory and crafting formats are easy to use.  the layout is easy to use in a time pinch.  The humor is original and at the same time it brings up movie quotes that fit the situation you're in.  Here's to late night female orc skewering."
,Recommended,233980,10678180,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Firu,loads of fun
,Recommended,233980,5609731,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,r0h-v,"Funny thing, but UnEpic is actually pretty epic."
,Recommended,233980,10677365,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheTots,"Great. Oldschool feel. Fun gameplay. So far, really enjoying it.Worth the price I think."
,Recommended,233980,8403317,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Volper,"This game is easily one of my favorites. I can't believe I thought it was ""cool"" when I saw the videos and pictures in the Steam Store Page and now I see it as one of the most amazing games I ever played. The pop-culture references, the weapons and characters, the feel of it all is spectacular.Just as Zera commanded me to say:""Wow the end was really cool!"""
,Recommended,233980,8666612,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TheDreik,UnEpic is Epic!
,Recommended,233980,8381064,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[PBRB]Kotoshi,after an hours play in am hooked on this game. this game is worth adding to your libary
,Recommended,233980,17607880,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Omega888,"This game got me the first time I saw it. Put in my favourite list, and bought it at the last sales.It didn't let me down at all, in fact he went beyond all expectations. It's a very good game, with a nice amount of hours of gameplay (I'm at 18 right now), but most of all an interesting gameplay (which it's not easy nor boring nor frustrating) and LOADS OF FUNNY MOMENTS and nerdy quotes from the pop culture. But i won't spoil you any of those. You should definitely play it.P.S. I've almost died laughing when a character from a futuristic cartoon ran into me from a shadowy corridor."
76561198040672418,Recommended,233980,8387600,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BlackEyedBoy,"It may technically be early access, but I've seen completed games with significantly less polish than this. Wasn't quite sure what to expect but thoroughly enjoying it so far! A great tutorial that fits around the gameplay, which allows the player to begin the game their way and not be dictated by a preset scenario.New elements of the game are explained as you encounter them and it's an overall very satisfactory feeling. Controls are easily rebindable and it even recommends certain hotkeys through the game which again is a nice touch.The only suggestion I have to date is the jump mechanism which I feel should be adjusted. As it stands, jumping onto a higher platform is a little difficult as your position below has to be ""just"" right. It's be maybe better if the jump height was increased so that the character to make this easier. It's minor, but an idea...Good stuff. ^_^"
,Recommended,233980,24051035,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yu-Shin,truly fun to play
,Recommended,233980,14029055,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Telpecarne,"This game is simply great.As a single player it proposes you a long journey in Castlevania style. RPG elements and decent story is included. I don't know, probably on normal difficulties it's easy, I did my first try in HARD++ and last couple of bosses was really challenging and fun. The story is Unepic, as its said on the cover. In this case it means funny. Levels are nicely designed, as well as balance between melee and magic.Overall it's really fun. And in addition you can do multiple quests with your friends in coop, which is also fun.If you like new old-school platformer, this is it."
,Recommended,233980,13979175,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Terath,If your somehow so friendless that you can't evan play D&D this is the game for you (and me).
,Recommended,233980,8678201,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DrMooBoo,Simple but deep. I love that 95% of the game is voiced and not just Text. Helps for slow spots to grab your atension keeping you laffing and wanting to go again!
,Recommended,233980,8708978,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bacon Lord,"This game is absolutely hilarious and a great deal of fun.It's an amazingly thought out dungeon crawler with a good deal of puzzles, a large amount of strategy, and an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of nerdy humor.Think of it as Castlevania meets Rogue Legacy.If you haven't gotten it, and are waiting for it to be priced down; definitely get it when it's on sale!"
,Recommended,233980,13830798,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Peff Copher,"Unepic is a ultimately good Metroidvania game. It has very nice graphics and music are one with atmosphere. Story is hilarious and has rich humor other words starting point is strongest point of this game. You're possessed by evil spirit and you speak often with each other, personally I think it is one of the best ""partnership"" in videogame history so far. ( no spoiler :) )Game itself is challenging but not unfair, you conna die and die a lot. AI is basic and difficulty level is mainly made by map design. There is some minor issue with jumping and ladder but otherwise character movement is clear.There is only one weakness and it is combat.  I played half a hour and it's repeat itself even with harder monsters with new play tactics, combat is booring.But in my opinion pros is better than cons soGood game with good prize, must have"
,Recommended,233980,576209,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Jaslow75,"Great little RPG platformer, especially for the price. Spot the Nemesis reference!"
,Recommended,233980,10165982,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mitchfynde,"[This review only covers the single player campaign]UnEpic is one of the greatest Metroidvania games I've ever played. The gameplay is simple hack'n'slash / spellcasting fare with a lot of traps and monsters to make sure you dont spend too much time alive. The dialogue can be a bit of a mixed bag with some of the jokes being absolutely UnFunny. That being said, I found the main storyline to be quite engrossing. The dialogue between Daniel and Zera is awesome. As the story goes on, you realize that Daniel has a mature side and Zera isnt as perfect as he claims to be.This game really does so many things right. If you're into Metroidvanias and dont mind some terrible humor, you should certainly look into purchasing this game."
76561198025531773,Recommended,233980,23884427,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DreamWarriors,"Great game. The game's writing is humurous and creates an overall easy-going ""let's go explore and kick butt"" vibe that is appealing. This game is worth full price. Buying it during the sale is a steal. Another thing, the menu system is rock solid, I wish more games had this way of assigning any item/weapon/spell to different buttons with the left and right bumpers being modifiers which increases the amount of buttons. Overall, a very well polished game. The premise of the story is similar to Dungeons&Dragons, the cartoon from the 80s, which is a good thing."
76561198042342015,Recommended,233980,23485684,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ericc555,"What a great game, really.  Hats off to the devs for creating it.  I have one big gripe, which I sincerely hope is present in UNEPIC 2 (gotta make a sequel, right?).  Two words: ROLL BUTTON!!!.  I get why you went without shields, but you really need to include some way to evade the monsters.  Jumping is not effective in many situations, and the inclusion of a roll button would make the gameplay so much better.Most of the game mechanics have been outlined in other reviews, so I'll just say that the game is a great representation of an action based RPG loosely based around a huge castle that you might find in a dungeons and dragons game.  The best part of the game is the exploration.  There are so many areas to explore with literally thousands of weapons, spells, items, etc. to find.  Combined with a very easy to use and robust potion crafting system, everything just works together perfectly (except the missing roll button!).Lastly, you really need a large screen monitor to enjoy it fully.  The way it's set up, the models are pretty small, but I'm currently playing it on a 40"" HDTV and you can see everything perfectly.Looking forward to UNEPIC 2 with a roll button!!!H"
76561198034994055,Recommended,233980,24287307,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nightbird,Really fun and entertaining if you look past the cute graphics!
76561198029679605,Recommended,233980,24304279,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,cyrus.darkheart,"This is a fantastic RPG-themed side scroller, with challenging and addictive game play and a surprising amount of depth in character advancement and how make best use of the equipment and spells you acquire.  It is one of the few games with a sense of humor that actually works and fits the game.  I look forward to trying it multiplayer.  Highly recommended!And wow, the ending is cool!"
76561198012965925,Recommended,233980,11231102,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,GyroGnome,A surprisingly good tribute and deconstruction to both table-top and video-game rpgs.
76561198069750879,Recommended,233980,12617742,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Booyaballblaster,This is jaut a kick A** hardcore game for people who like a challenge
,Recommended,233980,9995608,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Barmienold,"UnEpic:- Has lots of content, 20 hours of gameplay- Pretty funny jokes and a fun story line (although hit and miss for some, check the trailer to see for yourself)- Looting and juggling equipment feels satisfying and balanced- Character leveling, gear, and overall strength are well-aligned with the increasing difficulty- Ongoing Dev support with major updates for both single player and the (yet to be completed) multiplayer mode.- Exploration is interesting, feels right, and includes a clever checkpoint system.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone for a lighthearted RPG/metroidvania mix.I can't offer an opinion on the multiplayer mode, as I'm waiting for it to be completed before going into it."
,Recommended,233980,9327775,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Draken,"PROS- Humor and dialogues- Kind of original / refreshing if you are tired of mainstream gamesCONS- Boring leveling system, basicly just +stats with no interesting skill systemREVIEWFirst thing to understand is that this is not a fast paced plateformer like Meatboy. It drives as a plateformer, but it relies on exploration, story, and dialogues. So no twitchy fingers needed here.Second, this is mostly story driven and the humor is present. Two things that should appeal to everyone. For this reason, even if plateformers are not exactly your genre (like me) i'd still recommend you give this indie game a spin."
,Recommended,233980,8266030,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SirShotgun,"Well, y'know it's alright. It's got weapons, and XP, and a story, and some funnies, but it doesn't make you jump up and say ""WOW THIS IS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING THING I'VE EVER PLAYED OMG I NEED TO TELL ALL MY FREINDS HOW PRIVALIGED I AM TO HAVE WITNESSED SUCH A FINE CULMINATION OF PROGRAMMING AND IMAGINATION! ONLY A DEMI-GOD COULD HAVE CREATED SUCH A WONDER! MY EYES, THEY BURN WITH THE HOLY SACRED CREATION THAT I HATH DOWNLOADED TO MY COMPUTER! SURELY I MUST HAVE DREAMT SUCH AN AMAZINGLY PERFECT EXPERIENCE!"" But for a cheap indie game what more could you expect?It's only 8 US dollars excluding taxes, tarrifs, and the sacrifice of your soul, so really is there any good excuse not to get it? I mean a dinner at Taco Bell can cost that much, and you only enjoy that for a few minutes! Also you wont get diarrhea after playing this."
76561198011082525,Recommended,233980,7490127,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Diplod ✔,"Очень интересная игра , прошел с удовольствием , но , чтобы в конце игры не завейлится , качайте то , что действительно нужно , а то получится смесь огн мага\лед мага\темного мага\светлого мага\мечника\лучника\булавщика\топорщика\нижальщика\копейщика , и в итоге не добьете финального босса . Вообщем , при прокачке , думайте головой ."
,Recommended,233980,6870039,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,AleexVanBuuren,"Amantes del rol, este es para ustedes gran juego me encanto"
76561198096094950,Recommended,233980,8474339,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Masked Man,"you should play this, its like dungeons and dragons on steroids, and we all love RPG's in creepy dark castles that murder you"
76561198019694957,Recommended,233980,17783803,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,dammitsam,"started the game, went to pee, found myself in a dungeon, grabed a gold piece, died.... awsome!"
,Recommended,233980,8500694,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,snowdogging,This game is a great side scrolling dungeon crawl.  It has a fairly easy learning curve and can be played in short sessions.  The single player game is a pretty quick finish.  The multiplayer allows for a lot more hours and new multiplayer maps are occasionally added.
,Recommended,233980,16585828,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr.RoBoT,Snake? SNAKE!?! SNAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197986383011,Recommended,233980,10123055,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,masterddims,"Seriously, if you like retro, GET THIS GAME NOW.  It is amazing, fun to play, funny dialogue.  Best game I have played in a very long time."
76561198079615822,Recommended,233980,10404662,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,PeenusButtLer,Just amazing.
76561197995651078,Recommended,233980,1632736,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,h3xC@,"Very cool, challenging dungeon crawl with modern sensibilities. It's harder than it seems, at least at first, and pretty unforgiving. After about 4 hours I've finally hit level 4, and have no real clue about beating the first boss. Mutliplayer has worked fine for me so far, and running with a couple friends (3 party max) seems the way to go. Well worth the price."
76561198069600337,Recommended,233980,14998855,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Doma360,If you like old school NES dungeon crawlers like Faxanadu and Castlevania this game was made for you. Don't pass it up!
76561198072574809,Recommended,233980,12241107,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,seanyc111,ONe of the best games I've played! It's like playing Dark Souls and Super Mario. Definitely reccomened.
76561198042375988,Recommended,233980,27428228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FilthyCasual,"A little RPG gem, that has excellent humour and solid gameplay mechanics. You can easily sink 40h+ in this game. Definitely a must buy, even when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,233980,17020467,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[dhcp]Silicon,"An addictive platformer with great mechanics, tight controls, and lots of juvenile humor."
,Recommended,233980,21094039,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Outside In,>Buy Unepic>Buy Unepic for 3 friends>Make sure nobody wants to play frost or fire mage.>Convince everyone to avoid them at all costs.>Get Frost breath/Fire Bomb.>Kill friends>Profit???
,Recommended,233980,12948061,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"A cheesy, funny Metroidvania-type game.  SIlly graphics, silly plot."
,Recommended,233980,12951953,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Uncle Booger,So far I have only played it on Hard++ mode.  It is lighthearted and funny and challenging.  Lots of references are made in interesting ways.  Would recommend to anyone old enough to handles a few f-bombs.
,Recommended,233980,23973420,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,the sorry guy man,One of the wierdest and most fun fps games ever! Some people call it hat simulator and I can see why there are tons of hats from strange hats to unusual hats this game is all about hats!
,Recommended,233980,11403733,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Jiaz,"Extremely fun to play. 2d platformer. Game mechanics are fairly simply, but that also makes the game enjoyable. You can sit back in your chair for this one grab your gamepad and just play."
,Recommended,233980,23390141,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"UnEpic was a surprising game. It was a lot of fun, running around, fighting monsters, and exploring the castle. However, there are 3 very important notes:1. The ending was fairly underwhelming.2. There are a few lines that - even for a game with some adult themes - were uncalled for. Not a huge deal, but they made me genuinely uncomfortable.3. The final moment of the game is weirdly self-pandering and comes off as aggressive. If you were to play, you'd understand."
,Recommended,233980,21860511,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Enuvio,"Pretty great game. Playing online is alot of fun as well, just be ready for some heavy ping."
,Recommended,233980,12142586,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Patapon,We can explain this game with one word---------------> unEPIC
,Recommended,233980,17700098,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Cute,I'm really digging this game. Great way to chillout for an hour or two.Edit:The last couple of stages are extremely hard. Not as chill as the rest of the game and it is very frustrating.
,Recommended,233980,34800028,Posted: 7 September,all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,"A lengthy Metroidvania with tons of references to geek culture, plenty weapons and gear, as well as a pretty decent humor that touches the NSFW territory at times. But hey! It's really good! Plus the gameplay is easy to understand, hard to master."
,Recommended,233980,10191719,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Klokinator,"Good game with infinite replay value thanks to the level editor. As of version 1.7, you will still need to unlock the level editor with repetitive grinding, so to circumvent this I will now post a save file with everything unlocked! Share the love!https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/28014061/game_mp_0.savIt's in Multiplayer, under Architecture when you go to the ""My Dungeons"" spot.10/10 game."
76561198107605775,Recommended,233980,16155402,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,LEXx❄,i hate this f&ckig TRAPS !!!
76561197991361347,Recommended,233980,11401232,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[-THEMIGHTYBOOSH-],castlevania like platformer / rpg lots to do lots to explore simpley a fine game worthy of anyones time and money my main and to be honest only gripe is that some of the traps are very hard to see ie pressure pads other then that enjoyin the heck out of it allso has good humour
,Recommended,233980,4987476,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,NORMAL,"Okay this great game was create steam workers greenlight. Its awesome Indie Platformer where, actually the first time I saw such a ♥♥♥♥ing Russian translation This unbelievable! THANKS very much to translators!! You have done the impossible for all time.  My score 80 minimum!!"
76561198064337534,Recommended,233980,31418686,Posted: 28 April,all,ABOBin hood,UnEpic is actually epic xD
,Not Recommended,233980,15192831,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Unepic boasts difficulty as its draw, and most reviews here support that. Unfortunately, the difficulty isn't game challenges, puzzles, traps, or enemies.  No, you fight with the game's deliberate design. The game has no replay value, yet success requires that you make all of your important decisions upfront. Did you take frost?  No? The room with a dozen fire-helms will one-shot you 25 times over while you try to whittle them down, destroying your gear, making it impossible to complete the level.  Did you take Axes?  Too bad - the game drops you a dagger.  You can't respec, except too late and at great expense - requiring tedious grinds through completed dungeons, a process you repeat if your new spec doesn't deliver. Annoyingly, clearly a GREAT DEAL of developer time has gone into preventing cheating, even though it's not a competetive game. If only the time had been spent making the game better..."
,Recommended,233980,11949495,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,styx971,Tons of fun and has great humor combat feels good overall. i honestly hope more people play this game
,Recommended,233980,10672356,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Taz8du29 (Sam),Very good game ! a real drug : played lots of hours without stopping !
76561198078151690,Recommended,233980,10656805,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,biggn82,"Unepic is EPIC! Very fun game with cool graphics and fun combat. It's fun to explore and unlock things, find chests, new gear etc, you'll find yourself playing a lot longer then you thought you would. It's a damn fine game."
,Recommended,233980,12818728,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Antagonist,"Do you like Metroid? Castlevania? Do you like video games and things related to video games? Do you retro games? If you answered yes to those questions you will like this game. It's basically that simple.UNEpic is nothing more than a name, it is definitely not poking fun at itself. This game is good and it knows it. I have one MINOR thing I dislike, and that's the hotbar thing is very large and covers your actual character up to his chest on lower platforms. It really takes me out of the game a bit. But it isn't enough to change how much I like it.If you want it in numbers, I would give this game a 9.5 out of 10. I played all the games that inspired this one as a child, and UNEpic brings me right back to that. But I can also see a kid who was born 2000+ enjoying this game just as much as anyone else, so don't feel alienated if you didn't play retro games."
,Recommended,233980,10699183,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"It have everything to be a blockbuster of the indie games. Let's see what it is when it launches. 10/10(I'll not tell anything about the game, if you want, believe in me and try it out)"
76561198032631499,Recommended,233980,4136090,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Falky,Nice Game (;
76561197985335281,Recommended,233980,12409532,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ShyGuy,I just can't get enough! I really recommend this game!
76561198034334978,Recommended,233980,12183594,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,neptronix,"Most excellent oldschool gaming experience, with a fun sense of humor, good controls, good design, and good depth.It captures the spirit of the old metroid-vania genre extremely well. If you liked super metroid, or castlevania:SOTN, you will probably enjoy the heck out of this."
76561198210352673,Recommended,233980,17388787,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dr.JockJang,"Wow, the end is really cool! -Jera-I had felt nervous when I pick 'Death key', but... the end..it was cooooooooolI love this ending. Cool game Thank you!!"
,Recommended,233980,8500988,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,noob,Got gold and died.10/10
,Recommended,233980,26823177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"RandomHobo, Inc.","A realy fun game, especialy great for fans of old school pen and paper RPG games like D&D. The game also has some comedy that makes it better and lots of items to collect. 9/10"
,Recommended,233980,10602468,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,wateryroom,"awesome game, had alota fun! looking forward to multiplayer mode~ any plan of mac version?"
76561198053472301,Recommended,233980,11058433,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BugnaT,"Wow, the ending of this game is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,13935595,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sani,"That's a bit of a though one. I recommend the game in general since it's story is funny and the meteroidvanian rpg has some really cool bossfights and moments. But it really disappointed me in the end because the mechanics just changed for the last part of the game and you played something like an rpg rts, it's hard to describe. Imagine you get the disappointment for which Brutal Legend was responsible again, just at the end of a game. So yeah, I recommend the first 80% of the game without hesitation, but the end really sucked. Would only buy on sale because of it."
76561198061991755,Recommended,233980,23810172,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Seatbelt,♥♥♥♥IN Love it
76561198030095195,Recommended,233980,11685239,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PaladinianCecil,"This game is well worth the buy. Single and Multiplayer, with maps you can create yourself. Very cool. I love this game! Everyone should get it!!!"
76561198110209015,Recommended,233980,12606485,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Españolo trollo,"AWESOME GAME. You shouldn't play this game, you MUST play this game, you know why? Because ITS A TRAP!!.But seriously it is a master piece and metacritic are stupid."
,Recommended,233980,9001322,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Bradley,"This is a great game so far, having tons of fun playing it. i recommend it to any RPG fans"
76561197960733636,Recommended,233980,23767190,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,InfraROTH,"Do you like Fantasy? You don't dislike 2D games?Yes // Yes ==> Get This!For Hardcore RPG Gamers this might be a little flat but if you are juuuuuuust a lil bit nerdy you will fall in love with this.Great Humor, Great Sound, Great Gameplay, Great Multiplayer (if played with friends) and also good Story."
,Recommended,233980,10222829,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Reivilo18,Amazing main story with a great challenge and a diverse universe filled with humorous dialogues.
,Recommended,233980,20303332,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kernspalt-Kartoffel,"UnEpic is a pretty Epic game, but not made by ""Epic Games""...UnEpic is just a epic game, made by an epic developer which still releases epic updates :DBuy it."
,Recommended,233980,12636291,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Pork-Slice,Gameplay - SolidFunny callouts and geek culture references everywhere.Only a little ways in but I can tell its gonna vaccume up my time.Verdict- Worth every penny.
76561198006697088,Recommended,233980,12885906,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Eskema,"Very very good game, old style and lovely to play. It runs pretty well on my macbook retina :)"
76561198044873014,Recommended,233980,11498758,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,VietyV,"It is what it is, a platformer fantasy rpg that makes fun of itself along with the genre at every turn and I love it. That will be all."
76561197966961253,Recommended,233980,11483589,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cruentus Liber,"imho best of his kind, very funny story, i enjoyed it a lot. Also very addicting makes you want to unlock and explore everything in the game without getting bored doing it. i recommend it to all metroidvania fans!!!"
76561198081277183,Recommended,233980,13156578,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Durrrrrrrr,Addictive and very fun
,Recommended,233980,17409532,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Alundra,(VOTE UP)
76561198018736748,Recommended,233980,3191765,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,TehBoonaki,Fun as game if you like RPG games. love it
76561198059372382,Recommended,233980,12590440,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,I_SHIT_YOU_NOT,great game. worth all of the time and money
,Recommended,233980,12379177,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Kituki,"So I bought this game about a week ago and I've enjoyed it. The Multiplayer Dungeons and Dragons Scenarios are great, the sound is enjoyable and the many many traps will leave you laughing at the randomness, especially when playing Multiplayer. Me and a friend got onto Multiplayer aroudn the same time and we've been going through the scenarios. With in the first level we were just getting started and eventually we started to realize the DM was an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who got off of us springing his traps. Never the less, despite the many deaths the game has kept us laughing and working together.My biggest problem with the game are the glitches that prevent you from doing what the game wants you to do, such as lag issues starting you in danger of the next map, and the inability to toggle the targeting feature on or off which we have yet to figure out the cause.Despite that the game is a blast, we love the references and are enjoying the game quite a bit."
,Recommended,233980,12443008,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Super Saiyan God Vekross,"7/10This isANEpic RPG game, don't be fooled by its name, that is what makes it even better. Fascinating story and a very simple game play. Well constructed dungeon, monsters and bosses.I really like this game, I recommend people to try this out when they have spare cash."
76561198006324062,Recommended,233980,12335167,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,rol,"A little bit oldfashioned looks, but lovely details and clever concept.Perfect for quick office breaks while doing complicated database programming :-)"
,Recommended,233980,25792679,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Fun, and funny. Worth full price."
76561198023084490,Recommended,233980,25940506,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Au,"If you are a fan of Castlevania symphony of the night, don't hesitate to buy this game. you will thank me later :)"
76561198071641631,Recommended,233980,25881229,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KingofSquirrelz,I for one give this a 10/10. it has that unique flare.EDIT: Of course it goes on sale AFTER i buy it. DARN YOU STEAM!!!!
,Recommended,233980,8186389,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NewYears1978,"Disclaimer:I am not a professional video gamer.  I am not a professional video game reviewer.  I am not a professional journalist or writer.  I play and review games because I am a gamer and I enjoy doing so.  My opinons are just that, opinons.  Just because I like and recommend a purchase does not mean you have to agree with all or any of what I have said.  Please consider this while reading this review.  The goal is to share my personal opinions of a game, because I enjoy doing so, and in turn if it helps someone with their decision to purchase, then that is wonderful.[/g]ReviewThis is another one of those ones that started popping up all over Youtube, and as usual I had to check it out.Let me tell you I was not disappointed.   If you go into this knowing what you are going into, which is a funny, 2d side scrolling platformer with decent gameplay and some RPG elements, then you will enjoy this game.  You might think it is a simplistic game with a short play time.  While is it simplistic overal in how it plays, it is actually quite a bit deep with it's rpg elements.The dialogue is clever and enjoyable, and almost always funny.  The gameplay is smooth and plays as you would expect and is easy to pick up.  The experience of unlocking each portion of a map before moving on (Similar to some older Castlevania games or Zelda) is spot on, and it does provide some challenge.  I was also pleasantly surprised at the amount of hours it took to finish this game.  I figured a game of it's type I would finish in around 10-15 hours, but when I finished the game I noticed I had 30 hours into it.  So 30 hours without even noticing, that is absolutely terrific.I definitely recommend purchasing this game for it's high value and low cost.Pros- Hilarious- Great Gameplay- Fun RPG elements- Decent Soundtrack- Good lengthCons- Some possibly furstrating moments (for some?)- None!"
,Recommended,233980,15085555,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Cryowolf ☾,Really fun game Highly addicting
,Recommended,233980,14995441,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,RomireOnline,"Its a great game with fantastic gaming references to World of Warcraft, Solid Snake, Mario and other tidbits!"
,Recommended,233980,22952696,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shooty*,"I really enjoyed this. Old school fun.A lot of (presumably American) fun sponges have been saying it should come with a trigger warning because of the frat boy sense of humour.Suck it up, snowflakes. It's funny."
76561197997991822,Recommended,233980,1787335,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Malakite,Fun game great humour.  Worth it (even if the damn thing is on cheaper at GOG)
,Recommended,233980,11207073,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Metroidvania RPG  game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is full screen mode.You can play in windowed mode.You are able to change the Sound volume with a slidebar.You are able to change the Music volume with a slidebar.You are able to change the Voice volume with a slidebar.You are able to Toggle the voice sound.There are many languages available.You are able to play with a controller. (REALLY RECOMMENDED).You are able to change the controls on the keyboard and controller.Has 4 different difficulties. Easy to Hard ++About the game.You are a teen that is played a Board game. You are going to the toilet and suddenly you are in a huge castle. You have to defeat bosses, killing enemies, solving quests and having alot of joy in the game. There are hidden areas/secrets, chests and other item dros. Your character can level up. Each monster has their own power and weakness. This is a truly entertaining game and it's very addicting to play. Becareful of traps and other hidden things! There are save stations and shops.Has funny text and conversations.Good story line.Good soundtrack and music.Decently long game.Good Quests.Ingame voiced over + Text Dialogues.Other things.-------------------I Give this game a 10/10"
76561198147846369,Recommended,233980,34818762,Posted: 8 September,all,Rattat,This game is old school fun and entertaining.  Funny and challanging with many items you cant go wrong with this one.
76561198061401962,Recommended,233980,14268966,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Entercoven,"This is the perfect game for those who always wished they could physically join in their Dungeons and Dragons adventures. Thats exactly what the main character does, and with a quirky sense of humor that grates on the enemies nerves, it's fun to play the sarcastic♥♥♥♥♥ and your own skill lets him put his money where his mouth is."
,Not Recommended,233980,17722967,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SH!BBY,"A tedious game that tries to make light of the cliche fantasy and nerd culture but just comes across as un-inventive. The combat is so stiff and boxy that most of the time you end up just hurting yourself on the opponent. You can't aim bows, jumping and moving at the same time is a joke and the controls are a mess until you tweak them to 180 from what the developers set. If this game had controls like Rogue Legacy it would actually be quite amazing. Unpolished, featureless game. There are a lot of great ideas and concepts behind ugly implementation and bad, poor design choices uneven gameplay, pace and difficulty. It feels like an indie debut from a very young developer due to vulgar jokes here and there. I suggest think twice before purchasing it, there is a very high chance you will be disappointed."
76561198056845444,Recommended,233980,22797680,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,adamd513,Fun!
,Recommended,233980,18042175,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,cfiend,More epic than Cyborg Ninja Pirate Jesus on a Laser T-Rex fighting Space Nazis.And the ending is really cool. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,233980,22747915,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nik,"It feels like playing Dark Souls, but in 2D, not as painful as Dark Souls, but you will die just because ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"", just like in Dark Souls."
76561197961261827,Not Recommended,233980,24543056,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,"Gameplay is okay but there's very little content for the game.  The only other option, player-created content, is horrifyingly bad and inept.  If you want a fun rogue-like coop like this, I'd recommend Vagante - its 10x better."
76561197993638644,Recommended,233980,33511386,Posted: 13 July,all,Mansworo,"Wow, the end of Unepic is really cool!"
76561197990239805,Recommended,233980,22639616,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Animal,Tons of fun. Very funny too.
,Recommended,233980,14929755,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Moan Alisa,Totally not unepic.
,Recommended,233980,10702469,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Admiral Scuba Steve,Found a quest literally just about me impregnating goblins. Hope they don't expect child support.10/10 would bang again
76561197985167481,Not Recommended,233980,32350151,Posted: 11 June,all,TortuousAugur,"Pretty awesome game all the way up until you get to the monsters that change your weapon into a useless POS and the only way to undo it is some long drawn out process. Meanwhile, good luck at fighting that dumb monster that did it in the first place."
76561197964217466,Recommended,233980,12788379,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Genova,Really fun :)
,Recommended,233980,10671411,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KillDeer,Epic
76561197972821531,Recommended,233980,10674997,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Who am I?,"great & enjoyable platformer, also designed very creatively. the single player is 100% done, the early access-status is only because of the work on multiplayer."
76561197977108179,Recommended,233980,10675538,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jason,Great
76561197963811085,Recommended,233980,10676343,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hagetaka,"Whether played single-player, or multiplayer with friends, this game is a lot of fun. It is difficult to find a game with more bang for your buck."
,Recommended,233980,10696702,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MagicalBearClaw,"Greate game, loving it only down side is the voice acting is not complete just yet it seams."
,Recommended,233980,22028968,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Gratho,Damn Daniel !!! :D
76561197984397805,Recommended,233980,12503889,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,I enjoyed this a lot till about half way... and then fell off it... not sure why...
76561198210311716,Recommended,233980,22578268,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Niko Niko Nii,Wow! The end was really cool!
,Recommended,233980,8368151,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dertian,"Faszányos, csak lenne már benne kicsit több élet."
76561198088783288,Recommended,233980,13266128,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ergele,Picked the treasure at the starting and got my soul♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would pick again
,Recommended,233980,8284997,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,xChan,The dialogue in this game is so ♥♥♥♥in funny. It's a big dork game.
76561198013741036,Recommended,233980,10101597,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Berserk,What can i say for the game? It's a diamond. From the first time i saw the trailer i knew that will be awesome. Also the developer keep upgrading it and making it more awesome.
76561198064206553,Recommended,233980,9717619,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,SneakyGunz,"Once you get your controll settings all sorted out(no mouse controlls), this GAME IS quite EPIC! Well worth the $10 asking price."
,Recommended,233980,945350,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,luap.exe #watchmebroadcasting,"Really Really Awesome Game. Enjoying To Play It. Great Story, Great Jokes. Unbelievable Awesome...!!!111"
,Recommended,233980,12228320,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Daeraug,Full of Pop Culture references and a great sense of humor.  I have this game on my Wii U and decided to buy it for my PC as well.  It is a fun game and something to wile away the time.
,Recommended,233980,12238232,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gevaudan,"This game is VERY good, especially for the mere price of $12.99. Many games that use this 16-bit Metroidvania style play on your nostaglia, but ultimately give you a sub-par game. One that becomes devoid of fun the second the nostaglia wears off. Due to this many of these games are like 5 hours or less in total, so that they don't over-stay their welcome. As you can see from my playtime I did NOT touch the multiplayer at all and I logged 40+ hours. I admit to starting over once to build a better character once I learned a bit about the game, but otherwise that was mostly all gameplay.The game is fun, humourous, and (now that it is out of early access) filled with awesome voice acting.If I could give one tip, it would be play it with a controller. The keyboard controls are decent, but I found it much easier to use a controller ... and more fun since it is modelled after a day when controllers were your only option."
76561198004670756,Recommended,233980,12240858,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,gimpitygump,Wow the end is really cool.Great game had a lot of fun!  There better be a sequel!
,Recommended,233980,12333974,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Messy J,"I'll take my Castlevania any way possible and Unepic proves that the 2d action platformer genre is well polished in this age of next-gen gimmicky games. Thankyou devs, thanks for being so... AWESOME!"
,Recommended,233980,235697,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Boris,I'm so glad this is finaly on steam. It's taken Valve forever to sort this out.I hope this game finaly gets the market it deserves.
76561198047163743,Recommended,233980,5266452,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,otakon17,Hard but fair callback to Metroidvania style games. Go for it if you love exploration and discovering powerups.
,Recommended,233980,24218111,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Grigoriy,"Wow, the end is cool! The game is great."
,Not Recommended,233980,19066630,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Jäger,10/10 would blow brains out again
,Recommended,233980,33152435,Posted: 2 July,all,Framston,"So far I love this game!I have been playing for the last couple of hours, and really love the combo of metroidvania and RPG of the game.I can see this is going to be a big time hole for me."
76561198090866842,Recommended,233980,32931640,Posted: 28 June,all,floraandfauna,Funny story and if you want to find some classic 2D action game then this is it. It is not so hard for slow-handed people like me and has good item system I think. Worthy of the price with some discount.
76561198014166179,Recommended,233980,7875245,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Buffinator,I dont normally play platformers but this game is a lot of fun to play with friends
76561198067004494,Recommended,233980,16086898,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,OmniRage,I first played this game about a year ago. And my only complaint was the final boss. If you had the sleeping spell reaching and beating him was far too easy. I'll play again and see how things have changed.
76561198052168697,Recommended,233980,24707684,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Granda Davego,"Being into dungeon crawlers and actual tabletop gaming this game had been ver y good. It's mechanics work fine in which parts of the game can be challenging where it should and smooth else where. My only problem is that some enemies were a pain to fight because ranged combat targeting is limited so it would be harderd to fight ranged enemies above you. The game really encourages a variety of playstyle being used as if to put all classes an in a tabletop together to make an interseting experience. The story is very relatable and fun to watch unfold as constant nerdy refrences are made that can be related to other games, movie, comics, ect that would make you laugh or think about what you're character and the shadow are talking about. Overall for a dungeon crawler rougelike game it's great but not quite perfect."
76561198255077617,Recommended,233980,24829438,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,polyluchs,"Really great game - a lot of fun, cool dialogs (with the possesing ghost zera) and many different items.  I enjoyed many hours in solo and multiplayer mode and I look forward for many other hours."
,Recommended,233980,16516371,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,adeilt,"I really enjoyed UnEpic.  The feel of it, the plot, the references, the interface, the choices, the enemies, the spells.  It was fun and satisfying in a way few games are, and I look forward to playing it again.In closing, I've just got to say that... wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,18556166,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Nick the Rat,Started doing drugs and wound up playing this game. Now im naked with a sword. Would recommend. Great metroidvania style game with well writen nerdy humor.
,Recommended,233980,6636152,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,3wolves,Multiplayer RPG. Good Stuff!
,Recommended,233980,16636579,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,anawire,Got Killed by a dog barking at me 12 times to get a doll for a troll girl10/10 would get possessed by a ghost while trying to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,233980,4720560,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,- S i r i u s -,"Независимый проект, жанра RPG/Platformer. Уникальная и самобытная игра. Огромное разнообразие оружия и заклинаний, врагов и друзей-питомцев. Придостаточно квестов, есть возможность делать пометки на карте, для того чтобы было проще найти выход. Замок состоит из нескольких локаций, каждая имеет свою атмосферу, своих врагов, и своего босса. Юмор зачастую ниже пояса, но вполне забавный и уместный."
,Recommended,233980,13485799,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mixed Nuts,10/10 BEST RPG IVE EVER PLAYED!!!!!!!!!!1111 ITS SUPER FUN AND ADDICTING. only downside is having to look up weaknesses of bosses
76561198066805209,Recommended,233980,15694793,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alec,A simple yet fun dungeon crawler. Based off of nerds playing Dungeons and Dragons. I mean so much wurf.
76561198114291317,Recommended,233980,27001500,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shadowbubble,"fun to play, co-op it hard if you don't have the right stuff.and the workshops have cool maps and storys to play through."
76561198066105902,Recommended,233980,25460641,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jon_cyprus,"Game was loads of fun with lots of references and funny jokes. I was waiting for another bit of dialogue to contribute to the story around every corner because of how enticing, and unique it was. Game was great besides a few things that were confusing in the game, but that was only like 2 very small things and i was able to find a forum to figure it out. Game is absolutely an amazing mix of comedy with gameplay."
,Recommended,233980,10244765,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Emius,"One of the best games i've ever played.The moment i saw zoidburg in the sewers, i just put my headset down and walked out10/10"
,Recommended,233980,29091089,Posted: 7 January,all,drone110266,Really great game. And the ending was the best ;)
76561198015607458,Recommended,233980,30268443,Posted: 1 March,all,Eternal Winds,"Wow, the end is so cool!"
,Recommended,233980,19424423,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Anth,the game tricked me into dying and then laughed at me
,Recommended,233980,9913528,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Avolition,"This game is awesome.  It's like the Tenacious D song ""Tribute"".  It's not the greatest RPG in the world, it's just a tribute.  But like that song, this game is amazing!"
76561198243134118,Recommended,233980,26322477,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ms. Millions,"I'm having a hard time summing up everything I love about this game.I will say that it took me a minute to get into. It seems cheesy at first; got that ""making fun of tropes makes me just a trope thing"" at first sight but it's really just pleasantly full of geek references if you like that sort of thing (I thought it was worth playing for it's Golden Child references alone). Full of potty humor, yes, but I have to admit it grows on you. For the most part I found it tastefully cheesy, if that makes sense.I dunno man, great exploration, every level is its own different, very stylized thing, good difficulty curve.Actually lemme just sidetrack there for a moment: the game was meant to be played on its hardest difficulty, and it even rewards you for doing so. How many other games do you know where you get more skill points per level for playing on the harder setting? Brilliant move. Parts of the game will certainly frustrate you but it's always a matter of learning and knowing how to do it, not a matter of ninja keyboard dexterity.Though I would recommend obsessivly remapping the keyboard in whatever manner is optimal for you.And I don't particularly love the ""trick boss"" as I found him a bit too trial and error, but I respect what the developer was going for. But if you really hate it, just read online about how to beat him and save yourself the headache.Do yourself a favor, play this game, and play it on hard ++.Just make sure you put some points in maces to stop those hordes of skeletons in the catecombs."
76561198021603160,Recommended,233980,33303729,Posted: 6 July,all,Topper,"This game is so UnFair,UnBelieveable and simply UnEpic.Seeing obvious trap with lever and falling stone, pulling the lever and running away only to get hit by mine cart,+Multiplayer is just so much fun!"
76561198079475057,Recommended,233980,10985690,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Luck Bisquick,This game when I bought it was fun but I lost intrest. I have restarted playing it and the improvments that have been made are amazing. Apon release there was no voice acting but now there is and I must say it is very good. All the diologe is either funny or dry but mostly funny and fulled with references to pop culture.The leveling in this game is awesome. It reminds me of playing D&D with my friends on friday wheighing the pros and cons of what I am going for and what would help me and my play style the most. I know there are many games that have leveling like this but its just something about the charm of this game that has me attatched.I give thsi game a 8/10 its almost perfect but there are some problems and glitches here and there.
76561198043028011,Recommended,233980,26765947,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,233980,9886710,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,The Beer Baron,Surpisingly epic
,Recommended,233980,25121894,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Zombies8MyBrain,This is a pretty laid back adventure. I like it a lot! :)
76561198030853973,Recommended,233980,29804264,Posted: 9 February,all,Island Ed,must have metroidvanian
76561198127880033,Recommended,233980,30114208,Posted: 22 February,all,jonahwilliams70,"Very fun game. A lot to do,custom maps or play the story mode."
,Recommended,233980,29950378,Posted: 15 February,all,shefyg,"If you don't like 2d pixelated games, you can skip this one. But if you do, this is one of the best and funniest games I have ever played. It is very funny and has tones of refrences, and you are making progress all the time, and it is very interesting. The in game tutorial is one of the best I encountered, and the level desing is brilliant. You have tones of things to explore, but everything is within your reach. And most of the time you win battles not because of your weapon or spells, but because you learn something and became better - and you know it.Don't miss on this game - its wonderful"
,Recommended,233980,30065420,Posted: 20 February,all,Stephen Lynx,git gud/10
,Recommended,233980,30187197,Posted: 25 February,all,Teleclast,"This is a pretty darn fun game, quite so based on Dungeons and Dragons, unfortunately it has the biggest flaw of a DnD group when playing multiplayer... consistency and the lack of fun unless you have the same exact people there. If you don't have 1-7 other guys to play with on a weekly basis or so I would not recommend it for multiplayer. Skill builds can be quite confusing and there is a bit of repetition needed grinding the first or second area, but you can redo your skill build in the third area, the strategy involved in some of the later areas and player created areas can make this  a gem if you've got a small group.The singleplayer is okay but I wasn't huge on it personally."
,Recommended,233980,10979200,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wally,"If you like throwback-style dungeon crawlers like Temple of Asphai, this game is clearly a call-back to that age in execution, style and form. Highly recommend. For newer players that expect a bit more in regards to aesthetic polish, be slightly wary, this is more of a love-letter to an earlier era of dungeon exploration than I think it fairly lets on."
76561198021093712,Recommended,233980,26398667,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ThaDavid,great indie gamewell polishedfunnybuy it
76561198087694544,Recommended,233980,26359776,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,blod,If you paused the game to go to the bathroom make sure you bring a lighter with you.
,Recommended,233980,26356378,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Сarn,Really nice and various arcade gameplay with interesting occasional quests and dialogues.And... Great ending!
,Recommended,233980,26360587,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kitn,"Very fun platformer game. Really enjoy the graphics and level design, and the characters so far (I've only played for like an hour or so so far) are pretty interesting as well."
,Recommended,233980,26447236,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,heathergreyfeather,"I love this game, and had a lot of fun playing it!The endgame/epilogue was incredibly disappointing to me, though."
,Recommended,233980,26468719,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"Great game, great gameplay, fun story, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending.Get ready for some blue balls."
,Recommended,233980,26380288,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[HT] LaggingBunny,"""Wow, the end is really cool!"""
,Not Recommended,233980,17591598,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kyle,"About half way through the game there's an obnoxious boss that requires you to repetively slide down ropes to hit him for 1/100th of his hp.  Hits you with an undodgable laser.  Immune to everything but melee.  Destroys all of your consumable stuff.  Teleports you out of the room when he gets low, forcing you to restart the fight.  Basically made me feel betrayed by the game."
76561198069628612,Recommended,233980,11113056,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,manga_slug_wars,"this game can be hard, but dont let that deter you!this game offers a great narrative drived RPG experience that is deep and entertaining.  The dialogue is light hearted as the protagonist progresses through the story, each encounter offering more humor withought becoming repetitious.  the character development also offers a number of hooks to become invested in either the player character or its unlikely side-kick.The gameplay itself can be described simply enough, but the mechanics behind it offer so much more.  the ability to craft the character via the detailed (but not overwhelming) character sheet allows players to customise to their play style.I have read a number of reviews and a lot claim that the game is unbeatable with specific builds - This is not true.  with any customisable RPG there will be benefits and difficulties to character choices - this only forces the player to think about the encounter a little more to overcome their own weaknesses.  I built my own character around swords and maces, and when magic was required, I either invested stat points into the fields I needed to get by of turned to my inventory as usually there was an item or two that could prove useful - this did not solve the problem, but made it managable and in essence - beatable.The ending is truly a gift worth working towards, the story culminating with an air of freshness offering yet another experience aside from the rest of the game but without reinventing itself.The Art-Style is neat and the music atmospheric making this a game that I have already told friends about and more than happy to recommend to gamers that enjoy RPG's, Character customising, action-platforming or amusing story"
,Recommended,233980,14666595,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Exactly what he said.
76561198046934671,Recommended,233980,14581416,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lunar Prince,this is a good game and all but i think one thing they could make better is when you go to delete a multiplayer character it asks you to type something in like it has you do with your single player character so you don't acidentally delete a character
,Recommended,233980,16529238,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Triumph,"Fun sidescrolling metroidvania style game with some good references and cultural humor. zoidberg runs by in a part of the game.  that cracked me up as it was totally unexpected. you'll die a lot getting the hang of it until you begin using the bow or wands more at points. but the exploration is nice and the things you find like the yoda-like guy are pretty neat.  character customization is very flexible you can pop the points you earn leveling up into various skills, which will determine what you can equip and use and how well as weapons had skill level requirements.  some of the skills I remember being making potions, spellbooks, wands, gun-types like a laser pistol an achievement point vender sells (I think the pistol fit into the wands skill), swords, axes, the types of armor etc. it's on the monster daily very cheap so worth a grab. it also has online play, but I never tried that though I think some workshop maps are designed for it."
76561198006308339,Recommended,233980,15074950,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mr Lawsen,Great fun! A must have!
76561198091990938,Recommended,233980,23928853,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WhiteTiger8,It`s a very fun game and the storys good to.
76561197985368940,Recommended,233980,8328773,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,They Call Me Josh,"What can I say.... FUN FUN FUN platformer, easy play, funny story, great adventure and well worth its weight in gold.  If you like games like Rogue Legacy, Spelunky, etc... then by all means grab this one, you'll be playing it with a smile on  your face."
,Recommended,233980,3824014,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Brulebassani,"Castlevania, nuf said"
,Recommended,233980,27082453,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YISIO,为了秋季评价补充下评价。。挺好玩。
,Recommended,233980,16537075,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jaxxxson,"It seriously is one of the best games in my library.  Weighty combat, huge castle to explore, easily 20 hour adventure, plus online co op and challenges.  It's great if you're looking for a Metroidvania game."
76561197978397797,Recommended,233980,21197845,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TORCHWOOD,so fun
,Recommended,233980,22189733,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"I got some ugly orc pregnant?Great, now I have to pay for the child support."
,Recommended,233980,8432248,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-- scippie --,Early access? This game is already great!
,Recommended,233980,5434904,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,[ROC] donplay,fun!!
,Recommended,233980,16990216,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Pills_M8,"Great, love the RPG ness in it."
,Recommended,233980,17052532,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,lolmasta,Pretty fun D&D style dungeoncrawler rpgrecomended for anyone into this sorta thing
,Recommended,233980,22502893,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Abracadaniel,"WOW, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,13369957,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ziigler,"This is what they are talking about when they say you can have a very fun game without needing perty graphix toodoo so. One of those games that makes you use your brain just enough but not too much so blood starts dripping from your nose. It has humor, horror(very little)...well... a bit of everything.I figured out the reason why everyone likes dungeon adventure games like this... It's because we all like big chests and the booty that goes with...It also has the element of----> I wanna use this cool♥♥♥♥♥♥weapon but I have my stats in this cool♥♥♥♥♥♥weapon.9.3/10   Bacon!"
76561198072716055,Recommended,233980,16986931,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Luka,This is a Great Buy it!
76561198053695101,Recommended,233980,34467217,Posted: 24 August,all,Shurik,"This is truley an (Un)EPIC Game, From mind numbing sidequests to gloriously Difficult Boss fights. With three seperate endings and an expansive map this game has been worth the 160+ Hours of play ive put in so far."
76561198085011102,Not Recommended,233980,29183033,Posted: 11 January,all,elemental,"Last quarter of the game becomes broken and rage inducing, but I push through. Get to the final area, it's 10 times worse. Doubt I'll finish it because of this. The game also likes to constantly force you to do things that are supposed to be optional, or force you to put skill points in areas you don't want."
76561198060257844,Not Recommended,233980,24775539,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"This is a dungeon crawler type game with the gimmick that it has a dungeon master, or narrator, if you don't know what that is, actively changing the game as you play it.  The joke is that the DM is a jerk, and keeps adding in instant death traps and things out of nowhere just to kill you and laugh at you.  It is pretty hilarious at first, although if you don't play tabletop rpgs, it might be less funny to you.The problem is that after an hour or so, the joke gets old.  You're playing a very average game which occasionally kills you arbitrarily, laughs at you, and sends you back to a spawn point.  At that point, you start to lose interest.Worth a couple bucks maybe for the laugh value, but not worth full price."
76561198011936522,Not Recommended,233980,21862505,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,King Jotun,"Definitely a MetroidVania, but my personal experience was that it's imitating the wrong things and not going the extra miles. Perhaps it gets more creative later on, but all I saw before me were generic weapons, generic enemies, generic environments, nonexistant music and a sense of humor that's nothing but reference after reference, strung together with no reason other than to be references.Maybe if the controls were better and some of the other gameplay elements were polished I would let this pass as okay, but the game makes no effort to impress early on and presents itself in a way to make me think it's not going to get better. If it does, perhaps it should have put some of that creativity in the beginning. I've played dozens of Metroidvania games and I've been doing tabletop roleplaying for over a year, and even at low levels there are opportunities to showcase interesting creatures, unique weapons and cool environments.UnEpic truly does live up to its title. I wish I could get a refund for this or at least get rid of it from my library for good."
76561198031754497,Not Recommended,233980,21934984,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"You can play it, and it can be fun, but it takes some effort to enjoy it. It reminds me a little of din smallwood in the style of the setup. Like the author made a place and means to make a cool game in their mind, but then didn't really get around to developing it into one. That said, there is the opporutnity for people to make levels and a sort simplistic 2-d light rpg game as part of it, but it just didn't ring with me and fell flat."
,Recommended,233980,10667401,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cmite,"Played it awhile ago, but I saw it was on sale and had to give it a thumbs up. Great game, great combat. The dialogue will give you a few good chuckles, too. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,233980,14348643,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TPI | Ketobbey,FREAKING AWESOME! YES I RECOMMEND THIS. WHY AM I YELLING>>>??? reasons I guess
,Recommended,233980,23220577,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Okami_ZetaX,I very liked this game! bought for 2 € promotion!
,Recommended,233980,11445752,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,MrLuigi,"Amazing game, very fun to play with friends! But.. awefully unforgiving."
,Recommended,233980,12281128,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Father Salt,this game has retro grafics and smooth gameplay and the casual rpg dungeon kind of games but the dialouges are funny the gameplay is smooth and fun tons of things to do I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a classic and funny rpg which runs smoothley and nicely
,Recommended,233980,28341716,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,felixwcdemelo,"Very fun, I played so much this game but out of steam."
,Recommended,233980,29565031,Posted: 29 January,all,Aethelia,"This game would be better off being called LadderQuest, than whatever ""UnEpic"" is supposed to mean, and they'd be better off killing whoever did these stupid voices, like in real life and not in character, but other than that this was an interesting challenge for a low price game."
,Recommended,233980,248940,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Mostly Harmless,"Climb ladders, light torches, kills lots of things..."
,Recommended,233980,1586294,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Drakelstorm,"Amazing little RPG, great mechanics and extremely fun to play."
,Recommended,233980,25215697,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cylill,Wow! The ending was very cool.
,Recommended,233980,13230810,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,i ♥♥♥♥ing haTE NERDS oh MY GOD
76561198042890140,Recommended,233980,4887301,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,SFF,"Hard to believe a game this solid was made by just one guy.  A good sense of humor,  and solid, surprisingly deep gameplay mechanics make this one of the better metroidvania rpgs available on Steam."
76561198196514867,Not Recommended,233980,28254568,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,angotti81,"I was really on the fence here.  The reason I finally went to ""not recommended"" is because the frustration outweighed the positives.  There's a lot to like, if you're very forgiving and not easily annoyed.  Can't say I am.  Really not sure why so many consider this a gem.  I was playing on normal mode with a PS3 controller.  I'm almost halfway through the game.Pros:-Long quest(I didn't finish)-fully voiced-tons of items and secrets-pretty well designed levels-decent music-nice easter eggs-sprites are pretty well done-levels are designed well for the most part.  I like the teleport room, allowing you to return to previous areas without having to walk all the way there.-Map is well done, allowing you to take notes-Can be quite addictive once you get the hang of it.Neutral:-difficulty ramps up pretty fast.-no hints given for secret walls-sort of random where you respawn upon dying-The humor wasn't funny to me at all, but some might like it.  I found the protagonist to be an obnoxious, pompous, fart joke spewing turd.  The excessive swearing doesn't seem natural, and I'm someone that swears often.  I did like a few of the jokes aimed at classic games though.Negative:-enemys always fire faster than your spells-Status effects are brutal.  Two fire ball hits and you're toast.  And the ones that stay in your inventory are super annoying.  You'll open your inventory to get rid of one only to get hit again by the time you do.-button assignments often don't work.  Mostly with spells-can't aim past 45 degrees up.-Backgrounds are pretty lackluster.  All areas, while different, feel very similar.-aiming reticle keeps going off, forcing you to re-aim and get lit up by fireballs-spell casting and potion drinking animations are too long-certain wands have 20 shots and cannot be refilled-excess quest items can't be sold and clog your inventory-jumping is just off-hard to describe but it's just not fluid like Castlevania games are.-never granted special abilities like double jump- all ability enhancers are temporary.  New areas are unlocked by keys rather than a new ability which is far less fun.-can't respec skill points until you get some item.  The skill point system is just a mess in general.  And you not only need to pump skill points to use that armor/weapon.  You need to be that level as well.  The skill points should have been to enhance your character, and your level should dictate your ability to use certain weapons.-far too heavily reliant on potions which you must put skill points into to make.  This means you're weak with lots of good potions, or strong but screwed if you're low health.-My controller has the down button permanently pressed in menus.  Only in this game, and only in menus. Super annoying when the game doesn't pause in menu.I know I just gave a lot of negatives but the game does have a wealth of content and is as addictive as many ""metroidvania"" games.  I just felt too often that the odds were stacked against me for no reason and it totally hampered my enjoyment.  I would suggest trying it for a few hours and returning it if you have the same issues.  Steam will refund if you don't exceed 5 hours of gameplay.I got to the Neuron boss, almost had him beat after draining/pouring out most of my potions only to have him teleport me to the save point in the beginning.  Of course I saved by accident.  So now I'm potionless unless I grind for ingredients and levels so I can craft better potions.  Of course I had to slog back to his lair to collect all the ones I had to drop so he wouldn't make me pour them out(which he does).  He also silences you so you can't rely on heal magic.  Not a hard boss if you're prepared, but when one try drains all your resources...♥♥♥♥ that!Overall: 6.5"
76561198336052151,Not Recommended,233980,28698370,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pw6008,Just so so. Only feel fun in several hours.
76561198076808653,Recommended,233980,7807816,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tunios99,Epic game :)
76561197991103051,Recommended,233980,12290658,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Puddle,"Damnit I really wanted to love this game. I still cant bring myself to thmb it down though.Pros:Great idea for a story and very engaging at that.Funny characters and great character development""edgey"" sense of humour that got a few laughs from me.Nice leveling system and combat systemCons:There are multiple parts to this game that will make you want to quit and possibly actually make you. (As I eventually did) ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boss battles that require certain stats to be leveled into. For instance there is one boss who is immune to magic and bows and can only be harmed physically. He also wastes all your potions and uses your teleport scrolls to ruin your day. There is another boss who is impossible to even hit with melee and you are forced to etiher be a decent level in bows or offensive magic. Later there are INVISABLE enemies that can only be harmed with light magic and steal your equipment if they touch you (and use it agaisnt you)The game is just so damn frustrating the longer you play. I like challenging gameplay without it being broken and Unepic just comes off as broken.Magic, as with most games, is neglected until late game. This means if you really want to play a magic user you have to use bows/melee untill late game. You also have a limit to magic by way of essence that youll have to farm if you end up using magic as a main source of damage.There is a arbitrary 3 different endings you choose by opening 3 random chests torwards the end. These change the final cutscene you get and dont really have any effect on the story but to see all three you would have to play the game to completion three times since there is no manual saves to create back up saves. Of course the alternative is using youtube which is what I did.-------This game could have been outstanding. They just made some strange design choices that make the game more frustrating than enjoyable. Its a shame but hopefully this can be fixed and improved upon if they plan on doing another. I recommend this game with a BIG * next to it. Only get it if you are a fan of metroidvania type games and if you enjoy lewd humour."
,Recommended,233980,24758852,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,JohnBlond,"""Wow, the ending is really great"""
,Recommended,233980,24801458,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,mkevac,Very interesting and funny game!
,Recommended,233980,8819212,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NIL0S,Awesome metroidvania with an awful sense of humor.
76561198067685422,Recommended,233980,14188549,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,sugarplumsuicide,i am loving this game way too much10/10only wish the levelling up would be faster
76561198043781978,Recommended,233980,30534738,Posted: 15 March,all,Ded Game,Hidden Gem. It's a good adventure game
,Recommended,233980,261480,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,-shhfiftyfive,.
76561197967104618,Not Recommended,233980,15790462,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DaVaMa,"Although it is a fun game overall, I never finished it. It has some very frustrating elements which just make it a pain to play. I don't mind some getting punished for mistakes but some things just make it so damned annoying."
,Not Recommended,233980,15649289,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Valhalla Awaits,Honestly it almost hurts to have to rate this game down. The entire game leading up to the end is absolutely AMAZING. But the ending is so terrible and cosmically unfun that it ruins the entire rest of the otherwise spectacular game.The ending I'm reffering to (without spoilers) has you using a god awful game mechanic of swapping between two places at once and micromanaging two nearly impossible battles simotaniously. Even worse? It's got a damn invisible countdown timer. (By this I mean the difficulty ramps up over time until you are guaranteed to lose.)Without spoiling the ending (Which I can only spoil story-wise since the gameplay sucks so badly it's past spoiling and is flat out rotten already.) I can't divulge more details. But suffice to say it totally ruined an amazing game for me. I'll never finish this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198014815199,Recommended,233980,28922877,Posted: 1 January,all,tem,"UnEpic is a totally un-unepic experience. I put 31 hours into this non-epic epic and all i have to show for it is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ trading cards. Digital ones.The story begins as the young adventurer is awoken by his mother. You then must follow a standard rpg style text adventure to perform simple daily tasks, which include, but are not limited to, finding your pants, putting on said pants, taking out the garbage, and farming lots of gold on the MMORPG that you play religiously (ironically, it is called MOM; Murderers of Mancroft).You must simultaneously manage your character's many wants and needs, which include hunger, thirst, bathroom breaks, desire to live, coolness, attractiveness, hygiene, height, body mass, desire to eat worms, aptitude in particular water aerobics situations, breakdancing, being the homecoming queen/king/gendernonconforming-leader-person, hair, meta-game awareness, ludo-narritive cognisance, and general viscosity.After about 23 in-game hours, Ludacris, yes the rapper, shows to put you in your place. It was, hands down, the best this game has to offer when this event triggers a streets of rage-esque minigame starring Luda AND YOU!!!The fun doesn't last long however, as you quickly realize you are running low on breakdancing willpower and you have eaten too many worms.Overall, I give this game, a solid thumb up the developers' collective♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198346949157,Recommended,233980,32919455,Posted: 28 June,all,tanglingzeus,a great rpg game.can't stop playing.
,Recommended,233980,35253221,Posted: 27 September,all,jorgeluisvivasromero,"Unepic in my humble opinion is a well designed, entertaining and challenging game that gave me a lot of fun. but I think it is better to play it on wii u."
,Not Recommended,233980,21174844,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sovaka,"No campaign Coop.What MP coop there is, is absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SP may be fun, but thats not what I bought it for.I wanted coop and it just isn't there."
,Recommended,233980,6713850,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,DerposDeVikingYT,This Game is pretty fun for crap quality graphics
76561198003085867,Not Recommended,233980,19707144,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,acemry,sense of humor is overbearing and unfortunate. don't bother.
76561198008857802,Not Recommended,233980,18401750,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Knives McDeath,"An actually quite fun game, marred by a few 19th century-style racist caricatures. If you're able to separate the art from the artists then you WILL enjoy this game, i mean i hate having to not recommend UNepic because it's really fun otherwise, but i personally have a hard time enjoying something when it's clear that whoever made it seems to think it's still funny when people are another race and only features women in a sexual context. For children, by children."
,Not Recommended,233980,19893962,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dr. Kittybear,"Text is cute. Idea is fine. Gameplay is ehhh, glitches out sometimes in boss fights. After the 9th dugeon you have to go into user created maps until about level 13 - not worth. And as you would expect, people you meet suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck,"
76561198042327670,Not Recommended,233980,17273462,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Beardimus Prime,"I like the idea they had, I just don't like the execution of it. Just got past the first boss only to get poisoned to death by undodable snakes, three times.  This wouldn't be so bad if the boss fight itself wasn't so terribly dull (or a decent autosave feature, I mean if I'm going to die this much, at least autosave after I beat a boss).  Honestly if my character had any method of defending himself (outside of just standing there and swinging more) this would be a significantly more interesting game.  As it is the fighting feels like D&D where the fighters just stand there and swing until someone dies.   If this was a conscious design choice I don't really agree with it.The other problem i've noticed is the main character isn't terribly likeable, I mean sure he's got some ♥♥♥♥♥in' references but he seems rather douchy."
,Not Recommended,233980,20104466,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Your Big Toe,I only brought this game to play with a friend the online was so bad everytime you die you go straight to the begining. :/
,Not Recommended,233980,16533359,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Swizard,"There's a shame there's no 'can't really say yes or no' button, but all in all, I'd hinge more towards not recommending it.The idea of the game, the community and their levels, are pretty sweet. It's a shame the game itself, is mediocre. Mostly, the gameplay feels sluggish and slow, and the balance is off, as in, enemies have too much health points, and just become sponges to keep attacking, with which either you die first, or they do. Another problem is in multiplayer. Enemies do not scale to players. So a 4 player map is unfinishable as a 2 player, unless you are far overleveled / equiped.Another thing is it's constant comparison to castlevania, but having played that series exentisvely, I can say this can not even close to compare. Even the earlier parts in the castlevania series are faster paced, with nicer feeling controls. Compared to later parts in the castlevania series, this entirely falls flat on it's face in the comparison. Don't get fooled that this will give you a castlevania experience.Probably, if this guy remade the engine, and make it a faster paced, more balanced enemies, and could still retain the same community, it could be great. As it is now, don't pick it up unless you are playing it with 3 others."
76561198048520168,Recommended,233980,13859000,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DogTown,"Dildoe smashing sword fighting swag monkey ♥♥♥♥♥es.... YOLO got dem grameplay, got dah gramphics THIS GAME IS COD RIP OFF ADVANCED WARFARE FTW THIS GAME IS DOTA 2 BUT 2D I HAVE SWAG MR STEAL YO GRILL."
,Not Recommended,233980,23847199,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sluggotor,Can't calibrate controller.  Marked buttons will not trigger from calibration screen.  Win 10 Pro x64 / XBOX ONE controller.
,Not Recommended,233980,24170414,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hats_for_Cats,Is the screen meant to be flickering and are the buttons meant to be un-pressable?
,Not Recommended,233980,33303110,Posted: 6 July,all,democles_pl,Played it for an hour.Combat was slow and repetitive.Dialogue was alright.Not exciting.Maybe there are more exciting things/skills later on? But if you can't grab players after an hour with the game something is wrong.
,Not Recommended,233980,20640129,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,WarCorrespondent,"I really hated this game. I played 2 player with my friend who asked me to get it.The game opens terribly, with characters unlikeable on purpose, but the job there is done too well. A stereotypical troll DM tries to give the player a bad game session.The controls are dull and the combat feels like a challenge, rather than something that flows easily. Your HP sucks, so every encounter is dangerous and the path isn't revealed, so you can round a corner into a sword in your chest. All the while, the DM/narrator laughs at your failures and picks his nose.Many points in the game we were both stuck to find the path forward. The path forward after 15min of trying to jump into the abyss for a solution turned out to be ""get really to that wall at the end of the platforming (no, closer than when you tried that already 15min ago) and THEN search for a hidden wall"". You know, instead of a door.We came to our first boss. It was a poo. It was literally a giant poo the size of an elephant. It doesnt move, you just jump into the room of death and when you attack it, it shoots smaller poo at you, which kills you. If you try to kill the small poo, the bad controls will guide you into them and kill you. If you evade the small poos, every hit you inflict on the poo will spawn a small one. It takes well over a hundred basic attacks to kill it. You see why this plan sucks.The game spends your first 40min trying to make you hate it. And it succeeded too well. There was nothing fun, funny, or any sense of progression."
76561198020144608,Recommended,233980,26447709,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198024735043,Recommended,233980,3560772,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,[E.K.] puzzle,"UnEpic is a great fantasy RPG platformer built by a single developer.  It has decent artwork, funny writing, and a lot of hidden complexity.  The bosses and some areas can be unforgiving until you figure out a good strategy, at which point you'll be amazed you didn't figure it out sooner.  The effort the developer put into this game can be seen in many nice little elements.  For example, your progress through each room is saved in the form of torches that, once activated, stay lit permanently."
76561198008935043,Not Recommended,233980,16529021,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,OfScience,"I got this game because it looked like it might be fun and silly.  Turns out the humor is lazy and kind of offensive.I enjoyed myself for the first few minutes, until I got to the ""goblins in heat"" sidequest.  Your character's a nerd, so of *course* he's desperate enough to screw anything.I'm not inferring anything.  That's what he flat-out says.I was hoping that kind of ""humor"" wasn't characteristic.  I was disappointed.Play something better."
,Not Recommended,233980,16967064,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Soya,"Bought this game in the steam sales but I wished I didn't bother. Enjoyed the game right up until my first challenge in the game. From what I gathered, you need to complete these special challenges to get special coins to spend at special vendors. Nice idea I thought and I was keen to find my first challenge and earn some coin. After spending many many hours over the past week on the first challenge in this game, the boulder challenge, I decided to delete the game from my steam folder today. Why, because I simply didn't enjoy spending hours of my precious spare time waiting to be 'lucky' by this totally crappy implemented challenge. A rinse and repeat, load and reload, keep trying till you eat your controller challenge and only when you get lucky enough to fluke your way past this challenge 'might' you find some enjoyment out of the time you spend on it, thanks but no thanks. Perhaps if this was the final challenge or closer to the end of the game, I would have over looked or understood the nature of this challenge and either move on to something else or spend more time on it in order to complete it and the game itself. But as it was my first challenge and there is no way to learn, predict or progress through it without being complety blessed by luck, I felt that this was poorly implemented and far too early in the game to get such a 'silly' challenge. I watched several Utube vids on this challenge, incase I was being a noob, but nearly all comments agreed this challenge can only be done by being very lucky, the few who managed to finish the challenge said it took 500+ tries, @5-6 hours on 1 challenge and that in my mind, is not fun in any shape or form. I simply do not want to invest any more time into this game as I fear the other 'so called' challenges will be anything like this, I really do not want to know or find out.I have been playing games since the days of Pong, played the best and the worst, hardly ever bother writting a review, which is usually a positive review of a game that I really enjoyed, but this imo deserved a negative review from me. I may have been unlucky, this challenge might be the hardest challenge in the game, maybe the rest of the game is the best ever but with me, first impressions last. I feel like I wasted enough of my precious spare time over the past few weeks on this one game, with 75% of that time spend on just this one challenge alone. I didn't get much enjoyment nor satisfaction from this purchase. I enjoy most games with challenges if they are based on logic/progress/learning/clues/skill with gradual increase in difficulty and an incentive to complete it. Anyhow, my experience with this game has left me with a vile taste for both the game and its developers. I shall be very cautious with any future products from them and probably make a point to avoid games made by them as I fear it will contain similar game mechanics which I personally do not enjoy.My 2cs."
,Recommended,233980,2811244,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,coolskeleton95,"If you creamed when you played SotN or any metroid-vania, then you HAVE to play this game.You will despise it in the most loving way possible."
76561198000338113,Not Recommended,233980,22245815,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,nalogg,"Not for me.I didn't like the combat and movement. It feels like playing a weird flash animation.It's also got extremely lame dialogue. Attempts to be funny, but comes off extremely cliche. riddled with references to other games, popular memes etc. My eyes just about rolled out of their head. I'm a nerd, but clearly not a big enough nerd to lol at the references."
76561198048880581,Not Recommended,233980,20971937,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,techno,"This game used to be fun but then it became to heavily multiplayer focused.Pros:- The story. You'll either love it or hate it, but it's well developed and I found what I got through interesting.- Initial gameplay. It was interesting and fun...at first- Visuals. The visuals are really good.Cons:- The developer. He's a jerk and is outright rude to people who dislike changes made. (Wasn't rude to me, I saw them)- The game is stupidly unforgiving at points which would be okay if...- It's grind city and gets boring very fast. It's grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,story, Rinse and repeat.- You only get one type of character. If you make a mistake, start over. Either have a weak all over character in levelling or have a character that has an insanely hard time with some bosses.- Cheap mechanics. Some of the bosses have untelegraphed cheap mechanics that basically force you to start the game over without the bad guys to reagain the stuff. Hope you saved..."
76561197984240645,Recommended,233980,10456816,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Aquanaut,"UnEpic is a jewel,  single or multiplayer, great story, good humour, funny character, dungeons and more dungeons filled with all sort of monsters . The RPG system is also fine and rewarding, loot everywhere, recipes, magic, npc's, dragons!, etc... you can choose all kind of weapons and then the ones that suits u better, depending on which enemy youre dealing with. Gather your inseparable ZIPPO lighter and make haste! the adventure will be long and creepy... and you will die, probably, here and there...Equip youre ZIPPO again..Has Steam workshop now, which brings this game to another level.To all fans of metroidvania style, this is a must buy.9 out of 10"
76561197977885444,Not Recommended,233980,22316042,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Killseeker,"Can't even redefine the ♥♥♥♥ing keys and the controller support only works if you have an Xbox 360 controller.If they can't even program the Óptions""menu properly I wonder what the rest of the game is likeCan I be ♥♥♥♥ed finding out?No"
76561197986872392,Not Recommended,233980,16409812,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Boomhauer,Beyond all the comedy and stuff the gameplay is just not fun and feels clunky
,Not Recommended,233980,28686388,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,segreym,"The half of final piece is a ""kill-bad-guys-arriving-in-waves"" battle which totally ruins all the previous style and charm. Bad decision which turned me from completing the game."
76561197972263910,Not Recommended,233980,19007154,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,"Dull, repetitive, unpolished.3 / 10."
,Not Recommended,233980,18328203,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Borunor,2D ben riuscito ma abbastanza noioso.. Non ho giocato molto proprio per questo. Non mi ha appassionato per niente!
,Not Recommended,233980,17480384,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,noahgoo,"its really not tht good at the start, unfortunatly I dont have a very long attention span."
,Not Recommended,233980,33735087,Posted: 22 July,all,macskeptic,"starts off great, but loses it's way halfway through"
76561198043156621,Not Recommended,233980,14981295,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Jems,"UnEpic is fun to play and i loved the rpg style elements of it yet the pathetic sense of humour really killed this game for me. Some of it is funny and then there are bits where it is obvious the jokes were written by a pathetic sex hungry loser. eg) a section of the game where your character jumps at the chance to have sex with 6 helpless goblin women. hilarious, your character sees a female character and immediately says ""hey wanna knock boots"". This is not humour."
76561197997173434,Not Recommended,233980,17775053,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Risachantag,"I know there's a lot of guys who love this game, but if you are a woman? AVOID AVOID AVOID.I roleplay with a mixed group of gamers. I love and regularly play platformers and rpgs. So I thought this could be a game I'd enjoy. Steam recommended this to me a TON of times.But wow, the misoginistic (and even racist) attitudes in this game shout ""THIS IS A GAME FOR WHITE GUYS AND GIRLS ARE FOR SEX!""So I noped the hell out of this one. Way to get rid of half your potential audience, developers."
76561198065805476,Not Recommended,233980,12067520,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,13,"I know why this game has a low Metascore! For every good thing, there are a several annoyances meddling around making the game bad.Let me make this clear: NONE of the annoyances are optimization-related. My computer ran it fine with no lag - etc.Also, when I bought the game, ""Metroidvania"" was one of the tags and that's what made me buy it. I'll be reviewing this game with a baised that it's suppoesd to be Metroidvania.Obviously, it's not Castlevania. Again, it's not Metroid. It has basic Metroidvania qualities for backtracking and grinding. but that's about it. Hilariously, I feel that the game hurts itself by using that label. Here's something it does wrong: Your mobility is bad. Seriously people! What kind of Metroidvania character can't jump twice their own height and have almost no control about their trajectory? Fun fact: giving us a double jump doesn't mean you've cleared that hurdle. The earliest challenge I found was hilariously difficult to get to because it was just a simple jump with a zero-tolerance for error on when you pressed jump. Pro-tip: that's not a challenge, but a repetitive waste of time.Speaking of repetitive waste of time, that brings me to the challenge itself: Never centralize challenges on luck. Doesn't matter if it's just one little challenge. It's a challenge and anyone, even players who don't go for 100% completion, would want to try to complete it. Failing a luck based challenge does NOT mean that the challenge is difficult or challenging, but it'll have the demoralizing effect of a real challenge anyway. In Metroidvania games, ""Skill"" defines a challenge and luck is NOT ""Skill.""I get that we're supposed to be playing some stereo-typical ""nerd"" with questionable stamina and physical abilities. Let me ask you this: what's the sense of being in a ""magical"" world to the point that you drink potions, heal via a creature that lives in some pocket dimension, use magical equipment and magic spells, but never improve your own body beyond having better equipment and items? Yes, I know there are potions that increase your walking speed, but that's not solving the issue. That's literally like drinking alcohol; temporary solution. Also, potions lasting 30 seconds, 60 seconds... even if it was 5 minutes (hyperbole), that's limiting. I guess it prevents game-breaking if you choose to go into potions and all, but I get the feeling that you're about to start charging me micro-payments so I can have fun with the game. To me, the feeling of micro-payments in a Metroidvania game is a sign that the Gaming Industry is entering a Depression. I.E.: It has hit the bottom.You know in good Metriodvania games, the defining feature is that if you're about to beat the game, but feel like trolling the enemies from 10 dungeons ago for giving you a hard time? Here's a common way: go in there and just wreck them! Here's a better way: de-equip everything and wreck them ANYWAY. That's a cathartic element in Metriodvania games and you can't do this in this game. The entire point is riding on the main character being... well, himself. With that, the concept of Metroidvania falls flat on the WORST possible facts of the genre. Backtracking is NOT fun. In games like Metroid and Castlevania, it's made that backtracking IS fun because discovering and reaching that point you couldn't before while killing the enemies by the equivalent of looking at them really hard gives a sense of acheivement. The line ""I'm better than I was before"" is another defining feature and this game somehow lacks it. How? Cheap enemies.Now, I'm not going to complain about this game being cheap with certain enemies because:a) I didn't have enough of a problem with it.b) I believe it'll be covered by others.Same thing with the multiplayer: I don't care for it, so I'm not reviewing it here.(Note: if you see the ""time"" reading only ~4 hours, something happened with my steam, so I lost a lot of data in a whole bunch of games (thank goodness my TF2 items are okay!!!). This one got hit along with the achievements (somehow...), so I'm reviewing it before I uninstall.)Stake-into-heart Attack:I kiiiiinda regret buying it. That's a first for a game I got during the Steam Summer Sale. I'm thoroughly disappointed because a few different decisions during development and I'd actually love the game. Main decision that set it on the path to receive my hate: It's a test of patience rather than skill. If you want me to use a non-Metroidvania example, then here: Dark Souls is a test of skill. I beat Dark Souls in a week. (It wasn't NG+ or a second character or something, but my first character with no prior experience in the game series.)"
76561198027743225,Not Recommended,233980,29734969,Posted: 5 February,all,nimrod.,"Despite some of the bad reviews, I decided to give it a try, but my partner and I were extremely disappointed. I love these kinds of games, but this one is just not well put together. It's incredibly frustrating in a way that has nothing to do with challenging combat or complicated puzzles. The frustration comes from dynamics/mechanics in the game that make the game constant meaningless work with zero payoff. This game has a lot of potential to be fun (I really like the character sheet aspect and even the general feel of the game), but after just two hours of gameplay my partner and I couldn't stand it anymore.  Would not recommend."
76561197966570742,Recommended,233980,8776863,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pointless Entertainment LLC,"Old school to the new.  So far, so good!"
76561198030769290,Not Recommended,233980,8400621,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Neferneith,"There is two part to this game : Solo and Muli.Solo is a good adventure, fun to play, fun story, a bit of humor (mostly scatological or pop culture winks) and a good scenario. A great metroidvania with 3 littles flaws :1) Combat system is horrible. Can't dodge, can't kite (beside 2 very slow creatures in the game). You either kill from afar before they reach you or you slugfest them to death while chugging healing pots and rejuv spell. Jump are awfull, weapons animations are clunky, spells must be done standing and are interupted by anything. Pets (free moving and firing companions) are often the best source of dps/CC you will have.2) Skill system is so 1980 it's wearing a mulet. You get 5 skill points per level. There is 5 melee weapons skill, 3 ranged weapons, 1 constitution, 2 armor, 1 potion skill and 8 magic school. You NEED to max 1 melee,  the constitution, 1 armor and one ranged or magic. So you have 1 points to spare per level. You'll never experienced most of the magic (especially since you must wait till the end of the game for the last ones to be introduced). Same with the weapons, if you favored Sword, you won't be able to equip this great hammer you found. And the skeletons will laugh at your pitifull damage to them. Incidentally, if you didn't take holy magic or bludgeoning weapons, skelletons will be a pain to handle.Is it logical ? Yes. Is it loyal to the D&D tabletop secondary edition alinea 4 appendix 25c ? Yes. Is it enjoyable ? No. And if you invest some points into every thing, you are bad at every thing. So basicaly, choose a few (five or six) spend all your points there and say goodby to other unless you decide to reroll. But the gameplay is poor and only driven by the story so the replayability is low.3) It's really hipster tabletop RPG vs video game RPG. It's mocking video game for it's inconsistency and logical flaw (you can't arm an organless skelleton with arrows, you fool) and it's fun. But it's missing the point of videogame as Gameplay > Logic. So this game is hardcore. Not difficult, but strict and rigid. It's a fashion statement.All this are the minor flaws of the single campain. But it's great, it's fun. It's enjoayble (even this horrible stupid last level from hell).  Great scenario, great plot twist. I spent hours on this.The big pill of horse manure is the multiplayer part. Basically, you remove everything that was great in solo (story, pets, non linear exploration and backtracking), you keep all that was not fun (combat system, skill attribution), emphasise them and create new hurdles.-you now chain small linear dungeons with no link between them execpt that you find the key for the next one on the boss.-you must grind bosses 3, 6 or 9 times to buy spells for magic school were you allready spent points but couldn't find books.-you die constantly and must walk from last check point to you struggling friend for 2 minutes.-Lot's of brutforcing certain pack of enemies, slughfest, die, revive, run, slugfest, die etc.-you weapons and armor decays on death loosing 5% efficiency every time.-you can't repair in dungeon and must quit and restart dungeon from scratch.-repairs are expensive.-spell regents are expensive.-to get money, you will have to grind previous dungeon.So, you reach the cimetery, full of undead. None of you specialized in holy magic ? You are doomed. You can't just grind a bit and spend 3 points in holy. You must have some pro cleric or you wont pass. You will slugfest skelettons, die a bit, be less effective, die a bit more, be even less effective, die a lot etc. Then your armor/weapons are completly useless and broken. Go repair.It's the same when learning boss patern. You die a lot, you mage progress in learning how to deal with it but you do less damage each time and die faster each time.There is no ""fight smarter"" in this game. You can bring the correct weapon/magic school to the fight (by rerolling mostly) but the combat system is so clunky that you can barelly dodge missile and not dodge melee at all. Slugfest and bruteforce all the way.I spent lots of time playing this game solo and overcame the mechanics because the story and exploration was good. We spend some time playing it in multi but at some point we saw that it's was all badly constructed and grindy.Too bad."
,Recommended,233980,8743777,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Faeris,"UnEpic is a game that stays true to it's name. The game is set in a castle located in an unknown land, you as Daniel, an every day person find yourself transported to it while taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the middle of a Dungeons and Dragons games with some friends. Believing the entire thing is a hallucination, Daniel presses into the castle full of dangers unaware that what is happening is more than he expected.UnEpic is a metroidvania that resembles that of the old school castlevania games, the castle is full of secrets and dangerous traps. All of which won't hesistate to laugh at your misfortune. It also a great sense of humour (or terrible but very well done depending on your view on it) which will at least cause you to smile, despite the game being full of comedic references it still manages to maintain a serious atmosphere and the puzzles for each quest is cleverly done and forces you to think outside the box rather then blindly run in and complete the quests with no problems, you can always a expect a twist.Overall the game is great fun, the combat mechanics are great if not a little clunky but once you get used to it you start to enjoy bowling through waves of enemies. The game will be difficult for first time players but the challenge is part of the charm to UnEpic. The Multiplayer is also a completely different thing from the Single Player so either way, alone or with friends. You won't get bored of what UnEpic has to offer until you've ran through it a couple times.This is one quest you won't forget, because it certainly is ""UnEpic""."
,Not Recommended,233980,15618870,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Count Cuckula,it had something going for it at the start but it slowly lost its entertainment or diversity the further you got
,Recommended,233980,11405304,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Deus Sinistro,berry gud!
76561198002595301,Not Recommended,233980,11791925,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Reckoner,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME unless you want to spend hours upon hours dying, spawning really far away from where you died, catching up to where you died, and then repeating the process. This would be such a fantastic game if each enemy wasn't a freaking mini boss!! The creators decided that every enemy should take 10 hits to die, when you die in just a few. and there is no way to dodge their blows when 5 skeletons run at you at once. Your only strategy becomes: do some damage, die, come back, do a little more damage...etc So time consuming and tedious! I wish I could get my money back for this game. It is unreasonably hard. I gave this game 16 hours of my life, and kept trying to justify playing it, but it has wayyy too many roadblocks and speed bumps in game that suck the fun out of it."
76561197968413283,Not Recommended,233980,16360776,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ShadowDragon8685,"Worth buying? Not if you like to play your game, your way.UnEpic is a game which has made some design decisions I disagree with intensely. For example, you only get the most skill-points on level-up when you're playing on the super-hard game mode, which among other things actually disables the autosave, making it entirely possible for one keyboard mistake to cost you two hours of your life. But without those two extra skill points per level, you're always going to be hurting for skill points, lacking in enough points to do what you want to do.So, I tried to do what I always do: bust out CheatEngine and give myself enough skill points to where I felt comfortable playing. Only then, however, did I realize that owing to early whining about cheating on the forums, the dev has instituted absolutely draconian anti-cheating measures that will wipe out your save games, and cooked them into both singleplayer and multiplayer, rather than, say, going with VAC, or instituting a system in which your client determines if you're playing with a cheater and allowing you to make the decision to not play with them or to continue to play with them.So, is UnEpic worth it? Not if you like to play by your own rules. Not if you want to play for the story and happen to be somewhat bad at platformers, and in multiplayer, especially not if you like a game where you can be free from unreasonable death and respawn-grinding extremely difficult mobs."
,Not Recommended,233980,16540696,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Double Joker,"Totally terrible in every single possible way, not a Metroidvania, more of a static roguelike that takes malicious pleasure in murdering you at every turn.  Play it if you're a masochist, otherwise avoid like the plague.I wish I could get my money back on this turkey."
,Not Recommended,233980,27217235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Cover Me, Porkins",Couldn't get into this game - the dialog reads like it was written by a guy that looks to reddit for how to act cool and tough.
,Recommended,233980,11417913,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Adventury,Wow the ending is really cool.
,Not Recommended,233980,11646340,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Shmitz,Every moment of delight that I have experienced with this game is overshadowed by how terrible the Neuron boss fight is. I *think* it's about halfway through the game. It is the most mechanically broken (but working as intended) boss I've ever encountered. It has single handedly broken any desire I had to try to continue and experience the rest of the game. I am now sad that I spent money on this game.
,Not Recommended,233980,31253435,Posted: 20 April,all,Palpz,"This is a game which started out fun, and funny, but over time it seemed to me to be a bit too grindy. I eventually abandoned it because I simply wasn't enjoying myself anymore."
,Not Recommended,233980,13262379,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Iggy,"What's the neckbeard equivalent of wish fulfillment in game form? This game!Lame pop culture references, subpar voice acting, hack and slash with very little strategy. Waste of money, but if you're high and bored it's okay I guess."
76561197985872388,Not Recommended,233980,35398784,Posted: 1 October,all,gojirast,"Too band I can't play it. Had one play session and now it just crashes, including crashing Steam. Verified files. it fixed two, then crashed again. Rinse, repeat. Wish I hadn't bit on the sale. Seems like a good game but if it doesn't run, that does me no good at all."
,Not Recommended,233980,28743109,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RadGH,"It's so close to being a great game, but the controls whether you choose keyboard or controller, are terrible. The platformer physics aren't any good, either. The traps are all intentionally un-funny and ""this obviously isn't going to do what you think it will, but it will screw you over beyond your control regardless"".If you are playing online, even if you both have great connections, expect just enough lag that the person connecting to the host is unable to hit quick/flying targets or dodge fast moving obstacles like minecarts.The net code is bad. The gameplay is OK. The loot is pretty standard. The level up/skill system is pretty limited. Some of the bosses are absurd in a tedious / zerg rush style, not in a satisfyingly difficult style.It's not the kind of game where you die and you know that it's your fault. So many of the deaths are simply because the game controls are clunky, or that the boss fights just have so many random elements to them that you can never avoid taking damage. Any sort of healing or scroll takes time to use, so that just makes it ever more frustrating."
,Recommended,233980,12477728,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,szon,it is seriously good game
76561198141956893,Not Recommended,233980,30108335,Posted: 22 February,all,termikins,"Fun game at first.Nice platformer with a fairly interested plot.Unfortunately the game doesn't so much get harder in difficulty, but harder to play.There are enemies which turn your weapons into toys that deal 1 damage.There are invisible enemies which steal your euqiped weapons and can only be hurt by 1 style of attack.I enjoyed it untill i lost all my items to invisible enemies i couldn't kill.If you don't plan on completing the game, it will be very fun and rewarding."
,Not Recommended,233980,11411146,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Deer Jesus!,"This game is decently fun for a while, but then a boss just breaks the entire thing. It mind controls you to slowly chip away health all battle, but then it amps up and makes you use spells (especially if they have a high blast radius and you're against a wall) and poor all of your potions onto the ground!That was bad, but then right before it died it forces you to use the Halo, aka, the item that BRINGS YOU BACK TO THE HUB AREA! Maybe the game becomes incredible after that, but this boss is so infuriating I don't think I'm willing to pick it back up again."
,Not Recommended,233980,1026985,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,[!?] WalkerNash,"Fun premise, but the gameplay is really shallow and doesn't flow well, not to mention that this is exacerbated by the fact that the controls are pretty poor."
,Recommended,233980,11459499,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Scrommyboy,Luv this game 2 death
,Not Recommended,233980,10522381,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,SSBBrawler,"Unepic is a bad game. The title is surprisingly fitting in that there is nothing epic about this game. The gameplay is lackluster, being bogged down by clunky menus and controls that are require too much work to get a good configurations. The story is shoddy, filled with unlikable characters and completely unfunny references to the stereotypical nerdy works.Is there potential for this game? Well, yeah, any game has potential. But this one requires a lot of work. The controls need to be made more responsive and smooth, as opposed to the slow controls that currently exist. As the game is now, it seems like a shovelware version of the Castlevania series."
76561197992230425,Not Recommended,233980,10668923,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Li Doggomasa,"Easily one of the most frustrating experiences of my life. Game 50% trial and error (with some check points being 2-5 minutes before where you died and will inviably die again) and 50% ""challenging combat"" (if you can call awful controls challenging combat). The dialogue is laughably bad, though the voice acting isn't too bad, surprisingly. All in all, miserable experience and I was even playing with a friend. We both had to rage quit after the twelth time the game killed us for simply walking forward."
76561198040144747,Not Recommended,233980,8647148,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Toothygrin,"The visuals and gameplay make this game worth getting, but if you are someone who gives a crap about story, or are a hardcore Pen and paper RPG gamer. The main character will have you pulling your hair out and yelling at the screen. This character is so into the mainstream♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of modern gaming it hurts. I really wanted to like this game but 15 mins of this character going on video game cliche after video game cliche. He is the typical dumbass that comes to a game table and asks why his arrows don't hurt skeletons. This is of course only the first 15 mins or so of the game.I might try it again in the future but when the target audience is what it is make the character a little less of a asshat."
,Not Recommended,233980,11502219,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kintoun,Do NOT play this game. Horrible controls but the game has platforming elements. Horrible pacing of combat. Constant death in beginning of game is not funny or cool. Barely enough content so requires you to repeat levels to progress in XP. Horrible level design.
,Not Recommended,233980,1601323,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,The Living Noise,"Do not buy this game.  It starts off as a fun little Metroidvania RPG, but after a while, it starts getting needlessly frustrating.  A boss that, through trial-and-error, forces you to drop nearly every item in your inventory just to even have a chance to beat it (when inventory management is already a chore).  Common enemies that ruin your weapons, forcing needlessly long grinds to restore them.  Not to mention the dialogue tries entirely too hard and ends up as a somewhat insulting satire of the very gamers it was trying to endear to, and the lines that aren't insulting are just bland.  Just....don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,233980,14037701,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,No Hurt Me,It looks like a kindergarten student did this in microsoft paint.
76561198028232165,Not Recommended,233980,3860702,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Corpsolian,"DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT BUY. The humour is weak the gameplay is smultaneously confused and lacking and the entire thing is generally unsatisfying mush. It's also too easy on everything but Hard ++ and on Hard ++ it becomes an adventure in stunlocks."
,Not Recommended,233980,17100786,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Not Recommended,233980,23159838,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,JohannV,"No working on Mac, really sad ... you should change to ""only available on windows"" stop lying to players in order to make money."
,Not Recommended,233980,23769806,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Naladip,I wish I could get the 1.4 hours I put into this game back.
76561197975274758,Not Recommended,233980,10688212,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Panda,"This game is fun for a couple of hours, but later on, the boss fights become difficult by becoming incredibly obnoxious. Abusing bad game mechanics does not make a fight hard, just really, really annoying. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,233980,10985629,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,esotericist,"A very lovingly crafted adventure, steeped in nostalgia and references, which manages to be a surprisingly unenjoyable play. It's clear the creators worked VERY hard on this, but the gameplay leans heavily on mechanisms that game designers have learned not to abuse over the course of decades of video games."
76561198032557369,Not Recommended,233980,10115590,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,koeslter,"Grade: C-Almost like Castlevania, but with it's set of flaws.Pros:1. Intersting story.2.  It's nice if you play it for the multiplayer.Cons (mainly when playing this game solo):1. The customization may seem great at first, but at one point you'd realize weapon balancing is funky in different areas/boss battles, and by that point either you'd want to roll a new character or have to respec.2. Pets are hard to manage for no good reason, and there's no way to level them up. In Castlevania, pets are either invincible or they cannot be targeted by mobs... not in Unepic. Your pet will die in later stages, and they cannot be unsummoned/summoned on the fly because then they lose their energy charge.3. The game suffers a fundamental problem in character actions - too many actions for a simple game. For example, instead of setting an AI behavior for heal potions (i.e. heal with lowest/highest quality), the game requires you to map one button to one function only. That may seems fine in the beginning... at one point you'd have so many items and weapons and spells that you can use it starts to look stupid. Castlevania's Symphony of the Night and later series features tons of characters action... all being performed on a game pad. Do we really need 20+ hot keys for a 2D action game?4. So areas gets harder after you ""open up the gates."" It's meant to be part of the story progression, right? But some areas would get a lot more harder because all the mobs can aggro you once the gates are lifted... and they stay that way.5. Some boss moves you cannot dodge with skill, it's almost luck based, i.e. raining down magic randomly."
76561197960473527,Not Recommended,233980,10673239,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rossi,"Started game, tried to remap from the (stupid) default movement of the arrow keys to wasd, but IN THE REMAP SCREEN every time you hit ""s"" it drops out of the remap screen and brings up Spells - there's no way to remap anything to ""S""."
,Not Recommended,233980,12509452,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Riv,"singleplayer - not bad, except last level which is annoyingmultiplayer - annoying for every single member of the team from the very beginning"
,Not Recommended,233980,11043079,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fate,Terrible mechanics. See Neuron fight as just one example.
,Not Recommended,233980,10663988,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bredtoaster,"Bad controls, want's you to work around it's limitations i guess. Like castlevania?Bad voice acting, and taking quote's from gaming culture is not the same as being funny.The rpg element is too big for my taste.Feels like Terraria ran head first into a d&d game. Without the good controls.."
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,233980,22788877,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HexeR,"How do I say this....Unepic isn't fun.  It's an attempt at being ""meta"" and ""clever"" without actually being ""meta"" or ""clever.""  The design of the game is so simplistic and straight forward that you'll be an hour into it and expecting more depth to come about, but it never happens.Save your money.  Buy one of the million other games just like this but better instead."
76561198026763878,Not Recommended,233980,13100185,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Cajun and the Giant Lobster,"fun for a while, not worth its price though"
76561197979066359,Not Recommended,233980,13406524,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bolo,Great game but fatal crash prevents progression. No solution at hand.
,Not Recommended,233980,10659041,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xyzzymas,"It was fun for a while, but I never did finish it.  The gameplay gets a bit boring after a while."
76561198012067179,Not Recommended,233980,12563718,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jorgonq,"UnEpic can be fun. The script is amusing, which can be difficult for such an overworked genre. The jumping was well done as is the use of magic (has to charge, which means you can't just tank through battles). Some enemies are frustrating, sure, but that makes it a challenging game. What really killed it for me is the battle against Medeox. Its just an absolutely ludicrous fight. Killing the heads is easy enough, but working down the eye without getting petrified is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fight. This game is dead to me.tldr; The game was fine until Medeox. I vote NO, only because I don't plan on finishing."
76561198325077334,Not Recommended,233980,31853245,Posted: 19 May,all,sleepycloudtodd,"""Wow. The end is really cool."" lololol"
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,233980,34828118,Posted: 8 September,all,Meanwhile,"Would probably be a great game with controller support, but it seems the developers have given up on trying to make most of them work. I can't recommend a game whose devs obviously don't give a flying fig."
76561197991607603,Not Recommended,233980,12441890,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Thacktastic,Fun when the latency with other players didn't ruin every game. I dont wanna wait 10 seconds to swing my sword because the 3 whole people who actually still play this game is a host and has dial up. No thanks.
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,233980,13001599,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Referential
,Not Recommended,233980,8417869,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,luenyar,"The gameplay is decent, but the humor is stupid and misogynistic and disturbing."
,Not Recommended,233980,8666125,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Setto,I'm sure there's a fun game in here but I can't find it buried underneath the god awful writing.
76561197994175887,Not Recommended,233980,8389364,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Skel,"This game at the core makes sense.. and then you play it and realize that it is nothing more than a big bully, trolling you along the way, laughing at your misfortunes.. The coffin system (rez point/graveyard) in this game also makes sense at it's core.. in till you play the game... Do you see a pattern here?  The controls are odd and not very user friendly in my opinion (even on an x-box gamepad I have been told..) and the ability to customize your controls are very limited. When you die in co-op multi-player, (trust me you will..) the tedious walk back from whence you came brings back not so fond memories of my WoW days.. dying in a dungeon and having to walk my ghost a$$ back to the entrance from a graveyard on the other side of the zone.. All in all, this game is not worth a purchase, avoid like the plague. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,233980,8630454,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DannyboyO1,"This recommendation must be qualified heavily. The game is not unfair, but it does not like you. Adapt, or suffer. It's one of the few I've ever seen with a single player campaign anti-cheat. You are expected to play the game its way. It's not... bad, and technically, you could grind xp to overcome some poor skill point expenditures... but.The humor is... technically present. A lot of jokes are references and callbacks to things that were funny in their original setting... but don't make sense here, and are not even jokes. One entire sidequest is lifted from the plot of The Golden Child. Great movie, but word-for-word re-enactment of Eddie Murphy from the 80s is not proof of writing chops. It's plagiarism.After finding myself wondering if I was doing a few bits right, I looked up what more was to come in the game. And I'm disappointed. After the ending, the game shows one character ordering skeletal minions to♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill a player daring to complain about the crappy ending. The skeletons point out that's biologically impossible, and instead get to murdering. So... the authors know the endings are bad... and threaten the player for daring to speak out.I have a problem with that. I have so many problems with that. The gameplay's not so good as to make up for THAT."
,Not Recommended,233980,8669160,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jin n' Tonic,"Do yourself a favor and turn off the voices, unless the thought of listening to an audiobook of early Ctrl+Alt+Del humor strikes your fancy."
,Not Recommended,233980,8573520,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,"Sidescrolling RPG? Please, I rather play Castlevania: SotN on PS1. Nothing more."
,Not Recommended,233980,8416119,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HatTruck,"I thought this was more of a roguelike game, but it's a rather clunky side scroller RPG. Controls aren't great. This game is mainly a torch lighting simulator."
,Not Recommended,233980,34095698,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,Somewhat mediocre metroidvania installment.  Many better options out there.
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,233980,10643987,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder, climb ladder, go down ladder,"
,Not Recommended,233980,30914756,Posted: 2 April,all,ˢʰᵉᶦᵏᵒ (America's Ahmed),"This game is F@!$%ing terrible. controls stick, bugs are gamebreaking, co-op is a joke, it's not funny, the leveling and stat system is abysmal. Buy this game to waste your money."
76561198047513251,Not Recommended,233980,35019346,Posted: 17 September,all,Ryken,"I was having so much fun until the dodging falling rocks challenge.  It doesn't challenge your skills, it challenges your patience with RNG, and I lost that challenge and uninstalled.  They don't call me ragequit super sand lesbian CRYken for nothing.  ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198019046187,Not Recommended,233980,8462871,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hechelion,"The game is not bad, a metroidvania of the old school, a lot of different items, a good story with a lot of humor.The problem, the game have some important bug that do not allow you to finish it if you encounter this error.Normally, I can understand this is a indi game and needs more time, but my annoyance is because the programer invert a lot of time in anticheat system (for example avoid save editor can be used for solved the problem that the bug originates) instead a game you can finish it.Please, note that my point is not center about if is good or bad make a very complex anticheat system, is about programme a very complex anticheat system in a game where after 9 hours of play it, you get stuck and need start for the begining again."
76561197989546354,Not Recommended,233980,8726123,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Moon Moon RT,"This game has byfar the most frustrating boss fights ever. Its nearly impossible to beat the second boss in any reasonable amount of time. We fought it for so long that, as a group, we colaborated and decided to quit. I hope I get a refund :("
76561198066701648,Not Recommended,233980,34941333,Posted: 13 September,all,daltonsteffen43,"Bought this game to play multiplayer with friend. Multiplayer is so horridly balanced game wasn't even fun. Thigns that might actually fix the problem: 1. A ♥♥♥♥ing dodge/block option, 2. More intuitive jump mechanics, 3. A decent scale of difficulty to skill. Like seriously, I could play all 3 ♥♥♥♥ing dark souls games at the same time and it would be less frustrating than this. I don't mind hard games, but the mechanics got in the way of any semblance of enjoyment out of this.Conclusion: -5/10, I wouldn't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥again, ranks right up there next to Sword Coast Legends in the level of ♥♥♥♥ this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198065030858,Not Recommended,233980,14093591,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dong Summoner of Rain,"BY FAR, THE LARGEST WASTE OF MONEY..."
76561198025663928,Not Recommended,233980,32556334,Posted: 18 June,all,Tenee,Garbage.
,Not Recommended,233980,8387176,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Spuz,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR ANY PRICE. Not even for $1.
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,233980,23654453,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,You can't pick up the first gold you see because it kills you. Bad dungeon crawler.
76561198047622218,Not Recommended,233980,25471268,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,skeletalhammer,Very clunky - does not support mouse binding.
,Not Recommended,233980,25834805,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kome360,You stand in place and stab enemies that are stunned with every stab. HOW is this fun?!
76561198003846949,Not Recommended,233980,31779686,Posted: 15 May,all,Tiernan,"If Lieutenant Dan had no legs and attempted to jump, that is the gameplay mechanic of jumping.This game is so amazing, that after a mere 20 minutes of gameplay, I feel absolutely NO need to continue any further.  My life is COMPLETE.I reccomend that EVERYONE suffers as I have.  10/10 would reccomend to get suckered in again.Post Scriptum: Super Mario needs to learn a thing or two about how they can adopt the jumping mechanics of this very Unepic (HAHA SEE THAT WAS FUNNY) game."
76561198028047504,Not Recommended,233980,12674838,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Xakor,Tedious
76561198006298114,Not Recommended,233980,34384551,Posted: 20 August,all,kod666,Anti-cheat in single player offline game.
,Not Recommended,233980,7746821,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN2O1YJdTss
76561198034020368,Not Recommended,233980,31779685,Posted: 15 May,all,nathan_mcmahon,The jumping is... so. Bad.Find something else. You're welcome.
76561197993280730,Not Recommended,233980,7771770,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,choarrim,The game looks very entertaining but for me the fact is that the game suffers from horrible controls combined with overly complicated. Didnt like this at all
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,233980,28149360,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ezoe,Gamepad doesn't work.
76561197988188501,Not Recommended,233980,7966411,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Taleric,"Really neat but too scripted, I just needed a sandbox :("
76561198067949328,Not Recommended,233980,11459674,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Zinny,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and heres why.
76561198029156276,Not Recommended,233980,8157840,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,markwilkins10,Garbage
76561197970106610,Recommended,233980,20070517,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,KZA,"Negative reviews say that the game design for UnEpic is bad... because they got owned by that boss... that somehow 'takes' control of your character. That's only  because they didn't understand the mechanics under the fight. I'm not gonna spoil the fun but EVERYTHING is manageable in UnEpic ! It presents a challenge for newcomers and for almost every fight.The solo campaign is rewarding and you won't be stripped of your items for no reason or because the developper did a bad job. No no. You may not kill every bosses on your first try, but you will learn - and if you think there's no way to beat one of the bosses, you probably didn't think it through.I completed the game on the hardest difficulty wearing nothing. With a sword only. I couldn't have done that if the game was hard for no reason at all. The game designing behind UnEpic is great - has some really great ideas, innovative ones - it had been a while since a boss fight blew my mind. I loved the game so much that I went on Twitter to tell the developper that I really enjoyed his game.The only downside is the music, which is not as great as the game itself. Some sound effects are a bit odd but not bad at all - just not that great.It is hard and challenging and has stuff that you've never seen in any other games. Story, dialogues and voice acting are great and funny. The ending is totally crazy as well as the plot.I didn't like the multiplayer as much but I came back for new playthroughs to the solo campaign many times. I can only recommend this :)"
,Recommended,233980,18387763,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Vifiter,"Uno de los juegos mas adictivos y originales que he jugado. Y encima español!!! Cuando comence a jugarlo no tenia muchas espectativas puestas en el, pero sin duda se merece todos y cada uno de los euros depositados en el. Para completarlo al 100% vas a sudar sangre (yo aun no lo he conseguido). 8.5/10"
,Recommended,233980,10677003,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PunkJax,"This game is the one game you imagined about yourself being in a generic video game, except a lot better than you expected. The sarcastic, witty main character and his, uh,sidekickare surprisingly amiable and the gameplay itself is fun and variable with many paths to take and ways to level up your character. I know I'm gonna be playing this for a while. AND I HAVEN'T EVEN TOUCHED THE MULTIPLAYER YET."
,Recommended,233980,10677643,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sam Hammich,Well for $2.50 its a no brainer. Good game.
,Recommended,233980,10654776,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Violent Crumble,"Fantastic Game, Kept me entertained for hours, I still haven't finished it on hard, Not too mention there is multiplayer now which i haven't jumped into yet.Well worth the $10 grab it while its on sale, Play it on a rainy day."
76561197968866674,Recommended,233980,10655517,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dazza,"Great fun, reminds me of the old school castlevania games in terms of 2D maze like rooms with a degree of freedom and loads of customisation, you don't have to pick a class, you spend the skill points where you want.  Careful not to spread them too thin of course because the later level enemies will quickly feed your rear end to you!  Highly recommended."
76561198013333312,Recommended,233980,10656007,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Patrick Swayze,"Don't look at the metacritic score, it's soo wrong, trust me.I was hesitant too at first to buy it, but I haven't regretted it ever since. The 2D style is usually not my thing, but it just doesn't matter in this game, 'cause it's just so awesome. I was sold in 2 minutes playing it. The story is funny, the dialogues are hilarious and the ironic nerd-mocking humor makes me crack up every  time. The gameplay is great and satisfactory, there's a loooaad of weapons, spells, items, pets that fight for you, you name it. I haven't finished the game yet, but I already spent quite a few hours on it, so the game duration is really long for a game this price. Sure, it's early access, but that doesn't show, tbh I didn't even know that, untill I read it while writing this review :D The base price is just not too much. It looks indie and simple, but trust me, the game is much more than that. OH yeah and there's also multiplayer!Pro's:- hilarious- combat- items, weapons, etc...- RPG & skill system is easy to get into- hours and hours of fun- feels like a finished product- great variety in enemies, dungeons, characters,...- map & notes system- impregnate orcs....uhmCons- sometimes too time consuming to complete a sidequest- you're screwed if you don't take notes on the map- multiplayer sometimes laggy and underpopulated8.5/10 A must play!"
76561198044122330,Recommended,233980,10670479,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Khabi Jenkins,this is a very addicting game and well made. good puns good fun
,Recommended,233980,10670931,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,frcrash,I love this game
76561198054771460,Recommended,233980,10659873,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darth Moxy,Holy...How did I miss this game?
76561198072218356,Recommended,233980,10660993,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thoolo,"Very Cool And Funny Game :DIf you like a good RPG, Adventure game this one i HIGHLY recommend...Very good gameplay, you spend more than 20 hours on it easly, and the fully narrated dialogs are very funny :DAwesome Game !9.5/10"
76561198036214938,Recommended,233980,10661928,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Raf,"Awesome game! The dialogue only makes it even awesomer!There's also the possibility to build your own dungeons, which multiples the awesome by 3!"
76561198065041106,Recommended,233980,10664128,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LeRoy Jenkins,Fun little dungeon crawler game.  Is in early access still but is fleshed out pretty well.  A big thumbs up so far here.  Addictive game play.
,Recommended,233980,10665023,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,<Therapists>Zodd,"I enjoyed this game, the skills, the crafting, the weapons. Don't let the metascore fool you, solid 8/10 rpg platformer."
76561198044024551,Recommended,233980,4994830,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Impos,!
76561198059049895,Recommended,233980,8535322,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BlackRaider2012,funny historybest game of 2013 :)
,Recommended,233980,9604615,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Drakeskullnl,"What do you get when you combine DnD, old school platformers and semi-fourth wall and patern breaking characters?You get a game that is worth its money and a pretty fun ending.Usually I'm not a sucker for pop culture references, but this one has just a few and they are bareable at the least, some are even a bit funny.The character development in both crunch and fluff is well done.All in all, bang for the buck. Even worth the full price. And thats the single player only."
76561198001014480,Recommended,233980,9610164,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SpectralShade,"Nice humor and the gameplay is very good. I can only recommend trying out this game if you like platform games and/or rpg aspects.Graphics is acceptable. Could be better, could be worse, but they get the job done. It is clear the budget was/is spent on gameplay rather than graphics, so the gameplay itself is several times better than the graphics."
76561197982947659,Recommended,233980,10246414,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Wok-Ur-Katt,"I don't see how this game can only have a Metascore of 68, It should be 80ish. Also for an early access game you would never know. The game was very playable and fun from day one, it just keeps getting better. This by far is one of the better Metroidvania games I have played in a long time. I had already finished they game prior to the 1.47 patch and with all of the new content and voice overs I just started from scratch again. You will not regret purchasing this game IMHO $9.99 is a steal."
,Recommended,233980,10255428,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mistersneak,"Tonight I got through Unepic. This game is big and unlike most games out there. The sidescrolling exploration RPG genre, if there is such a thing, is pretty much limited to the Castlevania series, and even then, depending on the title you get more or less RPG out of it. Unepic allows you to specialize in several weapon types, armor or robes, health and several schools of magic, all of which have obvious gameplay benefits. Only a few of them feel like ""must haves"" giving room for quite a bit of player choice.The Hard++ mode is very, very difficult, somewhat to the point of feeling a little unfair at times, but like all good and difficult games, it required me to change my strategy, rather than just ""do better,"" an essential quality.The story is irreverent, and at a few places early in the game, even a little insensitive or perhaps offensive depending on the individual. However, it takes what seems like a throw-away premise and turns it into a story that actually develops in surprising ways.Ultimately it took me a supposed 22 hours to get through it, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was quite a bit longer considering the amount of hours not accounted for with all my repeated deaths. The quantity and breadth of content here is surprising. Rarely do I play an indie game where I think to myself ""Wow, they really couldn't have done anything more."" They really have a ton of varied content here and was surprised at the variety of enemies, level scenarios, bosses, tactics I was required to learn and master, and ultimately a huge ending that uses just about every skill you know, and requires you to learn new ones, in order to beat it.I really can't think of the last time I played a game with this much breadth in its mechanics, and if you like complexity in your action games, you're probably going to love Unepic. If you're not so much into that kind of complexity, I recommend Unepic anyway, just play on an easier difficulty than I did.I haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but I probably will."
,Recommended,233980,10734889,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rushad,"Yes, yes, and a thousand times yes. I'm not sure why the Metacritic score is so low, but I absolutely love this game so far. I haven't gotten all the way through the single player campaign yet, but I've about fallen out of my chair laughing a number of times so far, and will probably continue to do so through the game. Not that the game is all laughs and no challenge, though. It is definitely not the easiest Metroidvania out there, either. Definitely have to learn when to switch between the various weapons in order to survive."
,Recommended,233980,10737704,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Strafen Nathan,"UnEpic is a colorful mix of humor, rpg, and video game references. I have played it constantly since I got it and have loved it. It is challenging for those who want it and easy for the beginner. I recommend this game 10/10 for all the fun it has given me so far."
76561197974281429,Recommended,233980,10742932,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,W. Crispy,"Played for a few hours to check it out.  It's a neat little game.  It almost has an Android phone game feel to it, but don't let the graphics fool you, it's challenging.  It has a Metroid style exploration going for it which is neat, and lots of items and equipment that drop often.  The humor is funny, because instead of playing an Adventurer you're playing a dude pretending to be an Adventurer.  He's a total smartass to everyone he speaks to, making references to all sorts of funny films, comics, and other video games along the way.A few gripes would be that the combat is tough mostly because the jumping mechanic is a little awkward, (controller recommended for sure).  I'm having difficulty remapping the buttons as well because there doesn't seem to be a way to unassign buttons, so trying to assign a button that's already in use actually activates whatever the key does.Another thing that's a little jarring is the overuse of cursing by the main character.  The voice actors are trying their hardest to make do with the script, but really there's no reason for it.  It makes the game come off like it was written by a younger crowd of junior high kids trying to impress an older crowd of high schoolers.  Don't get me wrong, I curse up a storm in real life, but there's a place for it, and it kind of doesn't fit in this game so well.Otherwise, it's amusing and I've laughed out loud a few times, because the references are placed really well and whomever did the translation to English did a great job for their designers."
76561197992222421,Recommended,233980,10756697,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chef_nate1079,"This recommendation is with an big caveat. This is not SotN. It is by no means as fluid and competent in it's combat mechanics. This is a side scrolling DnD. So if you like rpg elements with a little more action than rolling die, this is a game for you. It's funny, and the story is interesting. You die often, but usually get the chance to learn from your mistakes. When you get stuck in over your head however (visiting an area you are under leveled for), the poor save system will punish you for it. This game has potential, but just doesn't scratch the metroidvania itch. Worth it on sale, otherwise I'd go with a better game like Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,233980,10756865,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Neohanja,"Definitely a great game! It has a lot of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night elements, in regards to being a platformer RPG. It is funny in nature, and the plot is good for being satire. I've noticed there are also quite a few things to do, challenges, and achievements to earn, giving hours of game play, and is very addictive in nature. Not very often do you find a game like this with actual voice overs, either! And the easter eggs are great, refrences toward all sorts of current lore, like ""Castlevania,"" ""World of Warcraft"" and ""Dungeons and Dragons."" My only warning is that hopefully the developers got approval for the use of these jokes in the game (such as telling Thrall's summarized story from WoW) - I know quite a few web comics that barely make money and still got in trouble for the use of these topics directly (and one indirectly, as a joke more toward RPGs in general, but heavy on ""D&D"" elements). Funny and amazing, I would recommend it to everyone!"
76561197966500942,Recommended,233980,10746880,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Klopapierholer,Awesome Game for not much money. It is really fun to play and also quite challenging with the different difficulty levels.It's worth trying.
76561198007902492,Recommended,233980,10748099,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nat,"Every now and then a game comes along that I don't hold much expectation for and completely surprises me, this is one of them. In general it's a very simple game, the graphics are nothing special and it looks like just another basic platformer but it has a lot of really good points. The story is really funny and interesting, the levels are fun, likeable characters, lot's of silly moments with nerd references, bosses are interesting and it just works. Once I started I kept playing and playing until it was over. Even when you complete it there is lots of fun to be had in the multiplayer option with races, extra missions, and maps to be downloaded from the stream workshop.Seriously buy it, you'll have fun :)"
,Recommended,233980,10731870,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Johnny Cocks,Absolutely fantastic! Has the look of a flash game but the guts of a blockbuster. Is a solid combination of handheld Castlevania games with the punishing gameplay of Dark Souls. Definitely should pick up.
76561198052838961,Recommended,233980,10732331,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,havoc_324,This is a fun little game that is quite expansive.  I like the way ou can get around to different areas of the castle.  The bosses are a bit difficult at first but fun none the less
,Recommended,233980,10714705,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ongoingwhy,"UnEpic is a RPG Platformer game that puts you in the shoes of Daniel, a typical gamer. After a toilet break during a D&D sessions, our hero finds himself inside a giant castle with various monsters and deadly situations. Believing that this is merely a delusion caused by his friends slipping in hallucinogenic drugs into his drinks, he bravely marches on. Daniel soon encounters the Oracle, who reveals to him his destiny; Daniel will kill the Lord of the Castle, Harnakon!In UnEpic, you get to level various skills that will help you get to the end. You will be able to obtain spells that let you cast fireballs, turn invisible, turn enemies into chickens, heal themselves and more. Dialogues in the game are fully voiced and the voice acting is solid. All in all, this game is definitely worth getting!"
76561197962861890,Recommended,233980,10714756,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ari3s [TS],"Very fun game.  I have laughed out loud at plenty of the humor in this game and have enjoyed the storyline more than I thought I would.  Solid gameplay and and open ended character sheet are the biggest draws for me.  Targeting could be a little better but it works.  Also: if you have a gamepad I highly suggest you use it.  The experience is far more streamlined with it than on the keyboard alone.  Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233980,4497738,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Евгений Иванович,Божественная игра. Всем фанатам приставочных подземелий - настоятельно рекомендую.
76561198113921020,Recommended,233980,10708060,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mixedfruityboy_orangeflavourgirl,make you Fateless to be the Hero  this is the RPG !!!!!
,Recommended,233980,10710020,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jaliee,I like it!
76561197987829450,Recommended,233980,10711946,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Conrad,Way funnier than I imagined.  pretty good deal on summer sale
,Recommended,233980,10719641,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,pestalinc,Great game. Got it on sale on a whim and would still love it if i had payed full price. Lost 2hr on my first play. Cant wait to see where they take the concept after Early Access and Workshop to boot. That put replay-ability through the roof.
76561198029982139,Recommended,233980,10719798,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,L!quid Dane-o,"Like Metroid? Like Castlevania (NES style)? Then this game is perfect.Its a blend of Table Top D&D, Pop Culture Nerdery references, and a solid platformer.I had 5 hours vanish from me last night working through the first few bosses. The game play is simple, the story is entertaining (especially if you are a little older and can understand references to The Golden Child etc.). I am interested in trying out the Multiplayer aspect of the game and unlocking some of the challenges for UN points to purchase some of the more interesting pets and armor.Do yourself a solid and pick this up on the Summer Sale."
,Recommended,233980,4902151,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,39Gamer39,"This game really grasps how I would act if I was warped to this world. Anyway this game is very good, humorous and captures the RPG feel, and you can take your clothes off which is funny.This game is worth it for a good laugh and some time to be wasted"
,Recommended,233980,2510469,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Yashabo,pretty cool Side scrolling 2D RPG . almost has a Rogue Like feel.  Its a early access game but Single player is done and so far not buggy. They are working on multiplayer which sounds cool.
,Recommended,233980,2608579,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,jtron,I was born in 1976 and grew up with computers and video games.This is the game I've wanted since I was a kid.Metacritic score of 66/100?MY SWEET FANNY.
,Recommended,233980,2872576,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"The game is still under development but the single player mode is one of the best old-school-esqe game I've played in a while. This game also takes things lightly...you will find humor, lots of it along w/ many references to popular media (from Metal Gear Solid to Evil Dead movie). It is a sidescrolling comedic journey mixed w/ rpg elements.Just be warned: the multiplayer mode is still quite buggy and even though the GOG version is updated, Steam version is still under constant updates!!! The SP alone should keep you busy for 20+ hours though. So get it and have fun."
,Recommended,233980,3638640,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Sinew2,"UnEpic brings about a nostalgic feeling from the 3rd and 4th generation days. Combining modern RPG elements with the 2D style of Metroid-vania games, UnEpic is a valiant effort to ressurect the 'niche' genre, supplied with a satirical and sarcastic storyline."
76561198013230196,Recommended,233980,9101709,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,fozzy_osbourne_,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!
76561198047325793,Recommended,233980,9169134,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Scye,"It's a good game but something messed it up. I played for 5 hours and then it crashed and won't launch. I uninstalled the game a lot, verified the game cache, and even manually searched anything to do with unepic in my computer and deleted it, but it won't launch. When I press play, it goes to the loading screen but when the bar fills it just crashes and gives me an error telling me to post on the forums page. I got no response in 2 days.http://www.unepicgame.com/phpBB3_en/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=2257"
,Recommended,233980,9368030,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,|RM| Thumper,i absolutly love this game!
,Recommended,233980,9054913,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Salt The Fries,"When I got this game somehow I had totally missed that it was Early Access.  I've not encountered any of the usual pre-release problems most games are plagued with and instead have been quite pleasently surprised by the updates and constant improvements that have been happening.  The game is very fun, and I reccomend it!Oldschool platforming game with good use of controls and non-standard ways people might be set up, so you get to play your way!   Have Fun!"
,Recommended,233980,9060273,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,jonezen,"I really love this game. The graphics are great,it has some really funny goals to complete. Its hard enough that you are not going to just ""walk"" through it but not so hard that you want to smash your keyboard. Give it a shot. I dont think you will be dissapointed."
76561198098149319,Recommended,233980,9086932,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Zaruian,"As good as any(and better than most) metroidvania, but with a heavy load of what those games lack the most: Good humor.The plot concept was, for a change, very well used.Plus, I'm finding the whole lightning torches/achievement mechanic quite rewarding for perfectionists/completionists."
76561198088597423,Recommended,233980,9087222,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Heroruzz,Awesome game! Must have in any collection!
,Recommended,233980,9189119,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Shubidubi,I just LOVED it!! I would play it for hours and hours and hours... AND HOURS!! XD
76561198053551737,Recommended,233980,9192667,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Guanavia,"I'd been looking for a game that was similar to Castlevania Symphony of the Night for years. That was my favorite game back on PSX and finding side scrolling RPG's like it seems to be way more difficult than I expected. After years of searching (mostly by asking friends who keep up with new games more than I do...) a buddy finally told me about UnEpic. If you like that side scrolling, action RPG like SoTN...CAN NOT RECCOMEND THIS HIGHLY ENOUGH!!Plus it has a great tounge in cheek, kitchy sense of humor. Which just makes it that much more awesome.Thank you developers!! (Make more. :) )"
,Recommended,233980,9226350,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,fuzzyxteddybear,"If you like dungeon crawlers with snarky cinematics, then this game is for you. The main character is your typical sardonic nerd who throughout the game pays homage to several nerdy books TV series' such as Harry Potter and Star Trek as he travels through a castle filled with minions. The dialogue in this game is a great enough reason to play this game in itself. It took me 24 hours to toroughly complete the game, though I didn't get everything possible. It's easy to get a hang of, and the soundtrack is pretty great. Oh, and: Wow, the end is really cool!"
76561198053948113,Recommended,233980,9241380,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Super Saiyan Daughter,"Multi-Player Co-oP, this game really brings back the meaning of TEAM-WORK.  Many puzzles and specials can only be gotten by working together.  Several bosses I've encountered so far require the use of a Friend to Target just to hit the enemy enough times properly too.  This D&D like RPG has no actual class system than what you put into it.  Set skills and powers as you want them, trade with friends and do solo runs to build up spare potion bottles and EXP.  The true focus of the game is pure Teamwork and direct online play fails often to remember this as people just keep trying to rush and do their own thing.  As long as you can get your friends or party to constantly talk with you and maintain the mentality of team work, it'll be nothing but a losing battle.  Oh, and don't forget to hit the coffin checkpoints often, real life saver from having to go all the way back from the start.  Death tends to degrade your equipment so make sure to town between every mission and repair/sell as you need to."
,Recommended,233980,985992,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Taroth,"Excellent Metroidvania game! Super old school jumping mechanics, great humor, and beta multiplayer makes this game fantasitc!"
,Recommended,233980,1027045,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Conejo,"При наличии минимального сюжета, полнейшего отсутствия выбора варианта ответов в диалогах, никакой нелинейности и т.п. отсутствия графики как таковой , игра заслуживает внимания и вообще очень доставляет. личная оценка 8из10,♥♥♥♥♥♥почему в стиме такая низкая."
76561197985959787,Recommended,233980,1074372,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Ossi,it just UnEpic.
,Recommended,233980,1103959,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Ulloa el Cubano,"It is legend....wait for it ... dary!!!This game offers a lot of hours enjoying one of the most epic RPG i have ever played. And in spanish *-* awesome!If you are like our main character, love games, and sci-fi. Play it."
,Recommended,233980,1107576,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"If you like metroidvanias you will probably like this. It is reminescent of castlevania, but the combat is very boring and repetitive. It's still decent enough to be played if you like the style.The torch lighting mechanics is very unique. YOu get to light the castle up as you progress, neat,As for the writing, you would expect a sarcastic nerd being sent back in time to have lines that make you constantly cringe. But no, here it's surprisingly well written, impressive even. It offers no replay value, but the normal adventure is long enough, and the bosses are unique enough, one of them is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tough, but it feels good when you beat him.Get it. 8$ is worth it. I didn't even try the multiplayer."
,Recommended,233980,1317661,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,fried rice,"Co-op is awesome, although extremely unforgiving... but in a good way"
,Recommended,233980,1472543,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Richard,"Extremely good game and very well made, if you like rpgs you will love this, and multiplayer is also extremely fun looking foward to when multiplayer is fully released and lastly another neat feature in mutiplayer is the possibility to make your own maps."
76561197993994557,Recommended,233980,1511040,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Mazetar,"This is exactly the type of game I have missed so much the past years!Recommended on the sport for any fan of this type of game, lovely story, perfect controls and overal good gameplay :)"
76561197995253852,Recommended,233980,1601528,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Kervon,Pretty damn funny plus can be a pain in the butt if you're not paying attention to things.
,Recommended,233980,1627927,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Ecke ☁☾☁,"Großartiges spiel, hat mir echt viel laune bereitet, gerade beim Multiplayer mit freunden ist es echt eine herausvorderung!"
,Recommended,233980,1763180,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"Fun, simple 'Metroid-vania' gameplay.  An amusing, nerdy sense of humor."
,Recommended,233980,1939204,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Fognar,"Despite the last chapter, which has no checkpoints and some difficult jumps, Unepic is an enjoyable 2D dungeon crawler with some light plaforming elements.  Lots of game here for the price.  There are many different skills to choose from when leveling up, but be sure to spec into at least one melee weapon and at least one ranged attack or you won't be able to deal with some of the enemies.  All in all, a fun game for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,233980,1995428,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,KiWiEEE,"Uala, el final mola cacho"
,Recommended,233980,2197598,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Mr.AFK,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233980,273283,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,LittleGuy,"Imagine every time you've played D&D with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DM who makes it his life's mission to kill you in the most imaginable and funny way possible. Now put that in to a platformer and you've got UnEpic. It's a blase to play with friends, and comes complete with ridiculous enenmies, terrible jokes, pop culture references, depth, customization, and death. Lots and lots of death. You will die multiple times every level, especially online where you can't rely on your friends for anything!Great game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,233980,308889,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Paris,"this game is a ton of fun, great story (not much of it but what there is is so funny) and the gameplay is top notch. if only it had full on controller support. this game is a must buy either way."
76561197969544001,Recommended,233980,359091,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"Amazing Metroidvania, very fun, very cheap, very smart to pick up."
76561197970662135,Recommended,233980,444466,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,StfuBeans,"The single player is metroidvania lite.  The multiplayer is an exercise in buddy ♥♥♥♥ery.I had enough fun in the single player part.  The humor is hit or miss.  Lots of tongue in cheek tropes about table top games.There is a real world money component that isn't exactly advertised, but won't give you anything game breaking (a few pets and stuff).If you like metroidvania, but always wanted to play it with some mildly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people trying to get you killed because they are too greedy to keep from setting off every trap in the dungeon, this is for you.It's pretty worth it at $8"
76561197971530934,Recommended,233980,523440,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Samortal,"This game is just ridiculous fun. It brings back an air of nostalgia playing a PnP game of D&D with my friends and dealing with an unruly DM. Only by telling the game story like this could they make switches that do nothing but kill you in front of a a group of chortling goblins make sense. It channels in the best parts of a Castlevania/Metroid style game and still is able to be fresh and challenging. Kind of almost reminds me of Terreria in a way too without the sandbox gameplay.Playing with a friend almost requires voice chat, but is well worth it. There is one level in co-op where you are blinded and have to lead your teammate through an obstacle course with a series of voice commands. Just wow I've never seen a game attempt something like this it is wholly unique and just another way this game truly does not live up to it's UNepic title (if you catch my double negative drift)!"
,Recommended,233980,605759,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Devilboy,"It's juvenile, it's irreverent, it's Nintendo hard, it's perverse, and it delights in watching you die, over and over again. It's UnEpic. If you enjoy a challenge, dungeon crawling, bizarre dialogue and playing a protagonist who isn't so much a hero as everything but a hero, this is a game I heartily recommend."
76561197973803028,Recommended,233980,636256,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,*Ҳҳ Markise ҳҲ*,"This is a good 2d side scroller platform, in the likes of metroid and castlevania.  Its an indie game and this guy did a great job in my opinion.  Lots of joiking references to nerdiness, and thats in a good way."
,Recommended,233980,644706,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,ElderEnt,"It's a Metroidvaina RPG.And it's sucking me in.Full character sheets/leveling/items/statboosters and multiple styles to play (tank, ranged, magic etc).It's a Sidescrolling Diablo.So far, tons of fun. Much more on the horizon.And multiplayer!Give 'er a shot. She's a beaut."
,Recommended,233980,698158,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,voidmind,A really nice RPG made by just one guy. I've been slightly addicted to it since I got it. Anyone who likes old platforming games and RPGs should get it.
76561197978921095,Recommended,233980,806513,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Ol' Baphamut,"Awesome game. Like a cross between 2d metroid and old school diablo style rpg. Easy to learn and fun as hell. Plus the plot is hilarious, the developer must have really liked spaceballs."
76561198040827746,Recommended,233980,8405547,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,joejara,Pretty fun game if your looking for pure simple fun. The pop culture references are hilarious as well.
,Recommended,233980,8405996,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Weefa,"Surprise, this game is actually Epic! Strange that, yes. The game takes a modern stab at the Action RPG Platformer from the days of yore. You'll explore a mysterious and deadly castle as a flippant youth straight out of a DnD session from which he presumes his friends have drugged him--he thinks he's hallucinating. Plays like Faxanadu, with a current-level capped skill point system, multiple weapons, and the freedom to build how you please while experimenting with weapon loadout combinations that suffice to cover the varied weaknesses of the enemies at hand. UnEpic is full of tongue-in-cheek humor and doesn't mind borrowing from other IPs by including totally-who-you-think-they-are-but-not characters like Yoda, and Zoidberg. Most of the time the protagonist even ponders the resemblance aloud. However, these are done well enough that they come with a chuckle rather than a groan. Definitely recommend this for fans of the NES era platformer RPGs and doubly so for those that can pick it up for a few dollars."
,Recommended,233980,8412332,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SpikedRocker | Extra Life 2017,Really neat dungeon crawler game.  Its aestetically pleasing and has alot of good humor to it.  Really worth time and money if you like dungeon crawlers.
76561198005685832,Recommended,233980,8413315,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FrostRaptor,This is a blast to play.  If you liked Castlevania: SOTN (Symphony of the Night) this is right up your alley.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,233980,8413712,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Leibniz,"Actually, its pretty good. The conversations are likeable, the atmosphere is reminds me of old times. The movement, fight system is good. The ergonomy of menus/Inventory are good, but I would be happy for few filters in the inventory too. Few quests are pretty challenging in low level but its not bad.I like it. It was worth the money. Enjoyable timespending for about 25-30+ hours in spare times."
76561197970169467,Recommended,233980,8414610,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,infinitywpi,"The first fantasy Metroidvania I've enjoyed playing since Castlevania on the PS1. Conrols take a bit to get used to, but I just realized I've played for five hours straight and it hasn't lost my interest yet."
,Recommended,233980,8417107,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BONESTOCK,What a great game!!  I'm really enjoying this Castlevanie SOTN style!  Funny story/ voice acting as well.
,Recommended,233980,8417476,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mckerrnel13,"I started this game when it was just subtitles.  Since an upgrade patch to add voice (at least in English), I've found I enjoy the feel of the game more.  Gameplay is pretty good, though the controls can be clunky at times...directional jumping and bow/spell targetting can be annoying, but overall gameplay is pretty smooth.  Lots of styles of combat to explore, but I limit myself to melee.  The magic system does look to be pretty good.  The storyline and breadth of the game is well done, if off-colour at times.  Juvenile and vulgar humour, but then I tend to like that sort of thing.  I have not completed the game yet, but I am definitely looking forward to the last stretch.  This review only applies to the single player mode...I have not tried multiplayer."
76561198054617656,Recommended,233980,8424763,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kid Charlamagne,"DnD mixed with castlevania. 7 hours into  singleplayer, about 1/4 of the way done. No glitches at all, seems like a finished product, not your average early access garbage."
,Recommended,233980,8425664,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JozanDraker,"Very nice game. Reminds me somehow of my pen and paper rpg games.Even if you are not and RPG genre addicted, the game mechanics is very intuitive and easy to follow.The best part of the game for me is that the dungeons you play in single player mode and multiplayers differs from each other.So, if you are playing alone or with friends the game brings you different experiences."
76561197970987280,Recommended,233980,8482115,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sneaky Cakes,"Not bad for early access but make sure to purchase on sale.  Some directions for quests are not very straight forward.  Controls (i.e. jumping) needs to be tweeked; character ""sticks"" too much.Addictive."
,Recommended,233980,8482429,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Creeping Death,"Really love this game.  Was looking for a metroidvania type game and though not exactly like those, was great fun nonetheless.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,233980,8494666,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Primalfreeze,"Fun, Hilarious and Addictive. And that's just singleplayer. 8 hours so far and I'm ~40% of the way through (based on explore %). After completing the co-op campaign you unlock the ability to create your own dungeon which I'm keen to give a try, but for now I'm really enjoying singleplayer."
,Recommended,233980,8494857,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Easy,"A fresh and lovely product, which mixes RPG and humor.A 2D platformer that is fun to play"
,Recommended,233980,8512885,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kakera of Miracles,"This is an exploration fantasy-themed 2D dungeon crawler with platforming elements, maybe? I don't know every term to affix this game, but it sure is very fun. Its strong point is its humor, the setting itself being rather humoristic from the start as you impersonate some guy who plays D&D with his friends, then suddenly on his way to the bathroom, he finds himself in a castle. Plenty of references along the way, and even though I haven't finished it by the time I write this review, I simply have to recommend it to everyone."
76561198071885644,Recommended,233980,8516582,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,<rainbow=0>Bobelvis</rainbow>,This platforming game has its ups and its downs but I personally like the consept of it It has a unique story line and pretty fun game play personally I think they could have done more with it like to make it harder I mean i beat the game in 3 1/2 hours and the quests are too simple and straight forward but over all its an interesting game. But I guess it is still underconstruction and there is more to come so I would recommend this game.
76561197965165247,Recommended,233980,8519531,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Panax,great game with great humor (nearly as good as portal 2) !
,Recommended,233980,8717735,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,AlphaNeonic,"I really enjoyed UnEpic.What I liked: Smooth animations, fun build diversity, good voice acting, clean graphics, interesting bosses, some funny moments and nods to pop culture, built in controller supportWhat I did not like: Sometimes it seems like your build is completely wrong when you enter a new section of the castle, grabbing ropes seemed inconsistent, somem bosses can be devastating if you don't know what's going to happen before going into battleIf you're looking for a fun little rpg action platformer to kill 8+ hours with, UnEpic is pretty good."
,Recommended,233980,8722842,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Baelor Hallow,Much fun. Yes play.
,Recommended,233980,8723426,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,BlitzkriegFox,Platformer. Humor. GG
76561198090892449,Recommended,233980,8724203,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Yung Floppy,A ton of co-op fun!
,Recommended,233980,8734745,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kuro-Kenjuu,It feels just like D&DXD
,Recommended,233980,8744683,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Its a fun game, it does have a little replay value to it also."
,Recommended,233980,8745795,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gaudion,"Unepic is quite an interesting game, it is a side-scrolling platformer, an RPG, a dungeon crawler and a riot to play with your friends!In order for me to properly write a review for this game though, I must go over the basics; in the single player adventure campaign, you play as Daniel, an ordinary gamer who decides to play a game of Dungeons and Dragons with his friends, now what Daniel doesn't realize that he's in for the RPG of his life! But you must be wondering; What method do they use to transistion from this to that? Quite simple actually, they do it in the exact same way as the book ""Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe"" did it, but being transported there while being in the bathroom (Okay, maybe not 1:1 like them)!As I understand, the single player adventure is like your standard dungeon crawler meets RPG with quests and challenges. This part of the game focuses on writing alongside the gameplay as you would expect. To be completely honest, I didn't play very far into it to realize where Unepic's magic truly becomes Epic for me.That magic I refer to is Unepic's Multiplayer.As you would expect, this portion of the game isn't going to be really story centric like the single player campaign was made to be, this is where you play to just enjoy the sheer fun of the game that is Unepic.Unepic's Multiplayer has to be probably be one of the most intriguing online experiences I've experienced with friends in quite some time. You can play the multiplayer with up to 3 other players, which any of you can build your characters in anyway you can imagine with the skills provided in the old school RPG level/skill-up system through as I write this up to seven dungeons of well designed deceptive hell for any newcomer to the game or the type of game Unepic is and that's only the ""Unepic Maps"", there are going to be more in that section and more in the Official Maps section that get made by the players themselves as well!Mind you this game isn't exactly perfect either, it does hold some particular quirks and bugs as well, but nothing game breaking, such as in-session trading for items found in a dungeon level, meaning any items you wish to possess or trade to your allies has to be done right then and there, otherwise those items will become bound to your character.If you're a fan of games such as Dungeons and Dragons, Baldur's Gate and Maze of Galious, then you will feel right at home with the way this game is played, provided you can handle the platforming on top of the already challenging dungeons just filled to the brim with stone blocks, boulders, fireball, spike and monster traps all waiting to turn you into a bloody pile of flesh on the floor. This game does not hold your hand by any means, you must figure out what will do what, works with what and how you can overcome the challenges up ahead, for if you don't, then the game will complete you instead in how difficult the actual boss fights can be.Just to provide perspective to someone wishing to potentially buy this game.I bought this game during the 2013 Steam Winter Sale and I've easily played on and off for around 70+ hours on just multiplayer alone as I've gathered friends to play the game with.I probably should've mentioned this much sooner, but even if you complete through all the official multiplayer maps (Unepic and ""Official"" Official maps), you can then design your very own dungeons for you and your friends to play, maybe if you're lucky, you'll even have your masterpiece of a map turned into an official map for all to play and be ravaged by your devilish designs! There are even more ways to play the game, there are modes for Deathmatch(PVP), Capture the Flag, Survival (Not Complete yet, but imagine an endless gauntlet) and even good ol fashioned Racing.The game truly proves in its own gameplay that it is inherently fun to the audience it's made for.My only true complaint is that the actual online multiplayer for the singular adventurer is going to be rather held back comparably to that of someone who can bring friends along in a quiet, private session as the online multiplayer does suffer from most players sticking to their usual clicks and playing privately, leaving little room for public play as an available option.I recommend this game for the price it runs, if you truly feel unsure even after all of what I've said, then wait until it is finished, imo the game is worth it as it is at its current content featured."
,Recommended,233980,8763377,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Bellicose,Always remember to take a lighter and a sword to the bathroom.  Great game.
,Recommended,233980,8589459,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ValidGamer,The single most funniest Adventure RPG Platformer i ever played with very cheesie humor and good dungeon crawling i just love it!!
76561197971799213,Recommended,233980,8598590,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Noob_World_Order,"This game was a surprise hit. Great platform action, with humor and depth. Multiplayer is a bonus. It is still an early release so the dev team is tweaking things but nothing that caused me any issues.I am quite addicted. If you like Old school feel of Castlevania with some humor thrown in this is your game.Not to mention its a steal at the price.I highly recommend this game!"
76561198044942448,Recommended,233980,8607584,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Johasu,"Trendy satyrical spoof story with a taste for low brow humor.Simple gameplay that provides a number of hours of entertaining adventure.Difficulty that ramps up throughout the game by way of increasingly annoying enemy mechanics.Bosses are more than easy, with perhaps one exception.  Their patterns are so formulaic that a player can often jump into the battle just to test it out and defeat the boss without being fully prepared.Entertaining for people who enjoy platformer rpg's, point allotment level up systems, and parody humor.  The game does perhaps the best attempt at breaking immersion I have ever encountered. Although by the end it is mostly annoying and many of the branches of development beg for some balancing work."
,Recommended,233980,8614508,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cowboy!,Awesome. One of few games that actually held my attention from start to finish!!
76561198028910793,Recommended,233980,8615048,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Larry Lester,"Only a few hours in so I am hoping that I will be able to update with an even more positive review, but this game is a must for anyone who enjoyed games like Metroid, Castlevania or many other older side scrollers. The updates seem steady and helpful in improving areas of the game as well as expanding on already great features. I am VERY impressed with the quality of this game developer and UnEpic is a great game. I can't wait to see what comes next in their improvements. I am proud to say that I have played UnEpic. The combat system is simple but smooth and the difficulty curves for the game are great. The occasional discussions between characters is nice to break up the time you spend crawling through doungeons.The shops and inventories are easy to use and I LOVE not having to take my hands off my keyboard to swap to the mouse during the game. Everything is laid out in a fairly intuitive way allowing for a very comfortable playrthrough. BUY THIS GAME. You won't regret it ""MORTAL"" hahahaha! (Zera from UnEpic)"
76561198030725683,Recommended,233980,8309010,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ryleck,"Wow cool game, castlevania mix with D&D and Dungeon master wow :)"
,Recommended,233980,8311242,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hdawger,"UnEpic is a very fun and entertaining RPG with tons of nods to classic RPG elements.  Its humor is also very funny with ridiculous dialogue and plenty of witty banter.  For a relatively low price I got over 20 hours of enjoyment out of this title, and I haven't even tried the multiplayer portion yet, which has even more content.  It can be challenging at times, but that is what makes it so fun!"
,Recommended,233980,8311294,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bicou,Very good game full of humour. Challenging at times and a defintely awesome old school look.
,Recommended,233980,8313105,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Neil,"After crawling and dragging myself through the countless rubbish on steam in the last few months finally a game really really worthy of playing.Game devs take note, simplicity and depth is what make games great, kudos to you guys keep it up!"
,Recommended,233980,8313202,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dustin,Sweeet! Awesome voice acting for the main character!
,Recommended,233980,8313461,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kumi,@_@
,Recommended,233980,8314985,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Faravid,"Hell, this games is more fun than I'd have imagined!"
,Recommended,233980,8317112,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cyberdyne Vulpine,This game is a load of fun and it's filled with humor and references to geek culture.
,Recommended,233980,8318329,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ratking Augustus the Agreeable,"Prepare to die, a lot."
76561198043465754,Recommended,233980,8318806,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Biwin,"Amazing game.  Great platforming action with a ton of spells/weapons to choose from, letting you play the game with whatever class-type you prefer.  The humour is corny but I enjoyed it a lot, as there's TONS of old gaming references.  The visuals are done very well considering the way they chose to present it.I played this game for over 30 hours on thegog.comversion before buying the Steam one which included multiplayer.  A definite must-have!"
,Recommended,233980,8321928,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CultClassic,When I bought this game I was expecting it to be ok and I only bought it because it was cheap because of the sales. When I played it the game was much better then I expected. It does a great job in making it feel like you are playing D&D or some other roleplaying game like it but as a video game. It can be some what complex however it is very enjoyable and would seem a  lot more fun to play with friends
76561198028475875,Recommended,233980,8322478,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Crows,"A simple but fun game - not too heavy on the graphics or story, but it's got an old charm to it. Definitely worth the price."
76561197964253125,Recommended,233980,8322669,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Doctari,This is more amusing than I expected!
,Recommended,233980,8323312,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DeepFriedwater,"I just purchased this game and I have fallen in love with in in the first 20 minutes of gameplay. It is a simple concept but goes in depth with numerous weapons and armors and lots of exploration. the game also has multiplayer where you and a group of your friends can go exploring a dungeon for many more goodies. if you enjoy Platformers, RPGs, or both, then this game is for you."
76561198012089891,Recommended,233980,8324961,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,christianfosli,Really awsome indie dungeon crawler with some RPG :)
,Recommended,233980,29560,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Tei,Excellent game. Made me laught a lot.  The multiplayer is a bit unstable/weird.
76561197960692301,Recommended,233980,48313,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Soporific,"Cadash, but better."
,Recommended,233980,69951,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"See, it's funny because it's epic, except--get this--it's NOT. Ahuh huh. Hyuh. Pshaw.Do you wanna go on, like, an epic? 'cause this is an epic.NOTAHAH HAH. OH LOOK, IT'S ADAM SANDLER DOING OPERA MAN WHILE KURT COBAIN PLAYS PRETTY PRETTY PRINCESS WITH METALLICA FROM WHEN THEY CUT THEIR HAIR AND GOT ALL LAME AND♥♥♥♥♥♥AND EVERYONE'S WEARING FLANNELDO YOU LIKE THESE NOSTALGIC REFERENCES'CAUSE IF YOU DO THEN GOD DAMMIT YOU'D BETTER BUY UNEPIC"
,Recommended,233980,217387,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,VegetaFH1,"A 2D platformer metroidvania style RPGTight controls and excellent combat, a real blast from the pastPlaytime is around 20 to 24 hours however there is a multiplayer element that can suck the life out of youSome really obvious throw backs to past games and some not so obvious, great story and all in all, well worth the moneyA must have in your steam library"
,Recommended,233980,226277,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Sawkilla,"Cool Game. It brings back the old DOS game memories from my IBM 8088 back in the 80's. Its worth it for under 5 bucks. I don't like how I couldnt bind some keys to movements or actions. Some of us use the arrow keys for movement. But most keys around the arrows are not bindable, my one major complaint. Old school is one thing, but get with the times."
76561198043404848,Not Recommended,233980,19436821,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kickass,"It feels unfinished and kind of emptyAlthough that might be because I get lost easy and,keep having to walk through the same place a lot."
76561198041532069,Recommended,233980,21005777,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,OFBA,THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC
,Recommended,233980,10681938,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MrJoshua,"Pretty fun game, feels somewhat similar with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night with RPG elements."
,Not Recommended,233980,19841427,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Martin Cinemax III,Sure is!
76561198019593165,Recommended,233980,3253747,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Romanji,Oldschool RPG side scroller style. I'm loving how chill it is.
,Recommended,233980,19896982,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TommyQ,"It is truly a Dungeon Crawler at heart, i love this game and i hope you all enjoy if you decide to buy."
,Recommended,233980,19923337,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,wheremyapples,"""Wow, the end is really cool!"" -Zera"
76561197970471664,Recommended,233980,19945771,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Akabander,"One of the best of the new breed of ""metroidvania"" games... Lots of RPG elements, interesting maps to explore, and pretty good action.  Surprisingly good humor, too."
,Recommended,233980,19954501,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vacre-Juahn Whick,"Wow, the end is really cool!"
76561197967107397,Recommended,233980,16611569,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Terryble,I give this game 10 out of 10 as it’s not a mad killing game but good fun as it keeps you playing to see what will come next as you try to get the next door open to see what is in there .D&D Nights war not as fun as this Game .I think it will be one you come back to time and time again.You will love playing this game. .
,Recommended,233980,20028175,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,zombie8mylunch,"DON'T LISTEN TO THE SHADE, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198033215083,Recommended,233980,20624849,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sigga,Fun game.
76561198092083337,Recommended,233980,7201351,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Isengard,"Barato e muito massa cara... e muito engraçado, todo em pt br."
,Recommended,233980,20294462,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JuniperPostal,DIFFICULT YET SO FUN! I give it a 10/10 ten.  BUT THAT SHADOW GUY. He is such a jerk. DONT LISTEN TO THAT CLOUDED CORK PUSHER!
76561197966719666,Recommended,233980,20571526,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Sidiov,Fun and funny. SOTN like platformer.
,Recommended,233980,20562521,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,berpergar,Very fun and entertaining with great doses of humor. The only but is that at some point the map becomes a bit complicated and it becomes easier to get a bit stuck and to have to run through the whole dungeon all over again.
76561197990265297,Recommended,233980,20826686,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,tinynose,"If you love 2D style Castlevania, you may love this also."
76561198256315231,Recommended,233980,21243333,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Hey,好游戏！耐玩
,Recommended,233980,10984834,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Homer Simpson,please don't kill me★★★★★★☆☆☆☆ 6
,Not Recommended,233980,21371008,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Draukarro,"Played this on Hard++ on my first run-through. I can see how this game can be enjoyable on lower difficulties as there is a wide variety of builds that can be used to successfully get through the entire game. With that said: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME ON HARD++ IF YOU WANT TO HAVE ANY FUN!! If slamming your face into concrete repeatedly for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles is something you're into, go ahead and play this on Hard++. There are only a few specific ways you can build your character towards the last areas of the game on this difficulty. You do get one chance to reset your build after discovering this, but if you are into this game for the variety and creative ways of killing random♥♥♥♥♥♥ you aren't going to have a good time on Hard++. Overall, gameplay was nice (except for a few areas toward the end), story sucks, characters are not interesting. Get it on a sale if still interested, don't pick up at full price -- or just stay away from this one."
76561198059901088,Recommended,233980,6142531,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,adeemin,Over 30 hours of intense rpg platforming hack and jack action. One side I liked best about this one was how you could choose to challenge yourself. Definite must try.
,Recommended,233980,6167996,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,◄Reapers► Seelenlos,ABSOLUT GENIALES AD&D Spiel !!!! TOP !!!
76561198061542924,Recommended,233980,6222586,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,ArcaneCrumb,"UnEpic is a throwback to the metrovoidian style games of my youth, and I love it.  This game has witty dialogue, suprisingly decent voice acting, tons of geek humor, tons of loot and monsters to be slain.  UnEpic's biggest appeal is probably the multiplayer but the single player is still great and where I spent most of my time.  A very active dev team that is always responsive and adding new things and seasonal events make UnEpic one of the truly hidden gems from indie devs as of late.  So I reccommend you buy it, add me, and let's play."
,Recommended,233980,6737982,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,SuperTremoço,Jogo simplesmente fantástico!
76561198140307403,Recommended,233980,10685903,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,booty,This game is a lot of fun.
76561198068848133,Recommended,233980,10687115,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Juzkhain,"This game is incredible, fun, challenging and very complex. I don't understand how it is not more famous, it's better than many others much more well known in the same style.Give it a try, a RPG with a really deep sistem with a touch of platforms. The story is the only weak point, but in terms of playability this game is great.Highly recommended."
76561198053156073,Recommended,233980,9416787,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Shotgunz25,If you like 2-D dungeon crawling games it's pretty good. I mainly play multiplayer which is very fun but the DM can be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The platforming is very odd as the jump is very stiff so you have to jump on the VERY EDGE of the platform but otherwise good.
,Recommended,233980,10689850,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bwaite43,Fun game if you like Castlevania + RPG elements.
,Recommended,233980,10692516,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Oniguma,Unepic has brilliant humor and great gameplay.
,Recommended,233980,1060237,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,-=CotS=- Wadsworth,Explore...Kill...Puzzle...It's goddamn good.If you are looking for a metroid-rogue-like game.Here you go!
,Recommended,233980,11020415,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Bires,Great Metroidvania game. Very clever and creative.  All the boss battles are different and require different strategy for each.
,Recommended,233980,11116547,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LesFleursDuMal,"I cannot fathom how the metacritic score for this is only a 68. It's one of the few games I've ever played that I've thought ""I really don't want this to end""."
76561198053367940,Recommended,233980,10924794,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aiomega,Great dungeon platformer with role play elements. 9/10
76561197999959587,Recommended,233980,11126007,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Zorkin the Great,I have to say i recomend this game to those that like the adventure type game.  I have enjoyed the game itself and the multi game as well.  It does have a few draw backs but over all well worth the money.  I still think the multi game should have voice chat but i can only hope that is something that they are working one.  I give this game the thumbs up
76561198095396740,Recommended,233980,30436146,Posted: 10 March,all,#Bacon,a true gem for sure!
76561198159582366,Recommended,233980,29276022,Posted: 15 January,all,DrSnuffy,UnEpic was alot of fun and great value for the price.  It can be punishing but if you are cautious and save frequently it isnt that hard.  The last couple zones can get frustrating but once you get the hang of them it is just about not making mistakes.  Just make sure to have some sort of ranged and melee option.
,Recommended,233980,10858968,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MayhemPenguin,"If you like D&D, exploring, ALLL the referances and humor this game is for you.10/10 =]<('.'<) <('.')> (>'.')>"
76561197994406509,Recommended,233980,10888398,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NinjaStealth,"Platform/RPG, pretty good.2D ""Castle"" exploration adventure game. Persistant map, not rouge-like.Beat enemies, find items, level up. Standard RPG stuff, but still fun. Movement (run, jump, etc.) is a bit slow, but it is so that your actions are deliberate. Exploration should be cautious; jump to the area below without checking it first may result in monsters = death. On hard mode (or higher), saving is manual so dying has its consequences (though no lost money/exp/items, just progress).Haven't tried multiplayer, add-on content, maps, workshop, etc.7/10"
76561198015670208,Recommended,233980,10903956,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheJester0673,"Fun.  Nuff said. This game is such a throw back to the great platform RPG's.  Pop culture? I mean, holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ you quoted the Golden Child!!!!!!(I'm old....and a geek.....)Pick it up for 5 minutes or 5 hours.  Totaly worth it.  Good job!"
,Recommended,233980,762297,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Raff,Really addictive action platformer cross rpg hybrid. Plays like oldschool side scrolling games where you can only see one room at a time.Has a metroid style minimap which you can write notes for certain rooms which makes remembering specific rooms alot easier.Quests are easy to follow and there's even a scroll to get back to the original quest giver if you ever forget which room they're in.Alot of unique spells combined with great dialogue & cutscenes (shown through subtext and ingame) and fantasy meets pop culture makes for an unique experience indeed.Gameplay is fun and frantic and rarely ever feels cheap :)
,Recommended,233980,10917255,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Blockmind,Very nice and funny story prosses' alon classical rpg factors. Combat and platforming dynamics are simplified but highly satisfactory. Creates a need of play again after a while.
,Recommended,233980,10921973,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr DooM,everything about this game is epic 10/10
76561197984467280,Recommended,233980,10922420,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The_Gryff,"Amazing Game for RPG gamers. Your a slacker, teleported to a castle and you think your going crazy, but your just going to play along. :)   The dialogue is cleverly written and the encounters, etc. are well built. It's definately old school, but it's got good pacing and a very enjoyable run. There are a few bosses and encounters that are quite challenging so it's got some kick at points, but nothing you can't handle after a few tries.  I'd strongly recommend any gamer pick it up to enjoy. :)"
,Recommended,233980,10916117,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ori,"Pretty good game for what it is. Player-created maps / workshop support adds unlimited playthrough potential. Most maps recommend 3 players - so hopefully you have some friends to play with, but we've managed with just 2 of us.Really only 4 gripes...1) No direct link to workshop from library - have to visit the community page to find it.2) Not a ton of workshop content (note: this is due to the player base, not the devs).3) Player models look insanely similar. Ocassionally you will lose sight of your person and think you're controlling someone else.4) Only partial controller support. This is a title that should be fully controller implemented - but every now and then (like typing /dice, browsing menus, etc) the controller simply does not work or can't access everything in that menu.Edit:Adding #5.5) Abundant number of spelling mistakes are present in the cooperative ""unepic"" campaign set of maps."
,Recommended,233980,11351687,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,"Despite the resurgence of popularity in Metroidvania-style exploration games, few games take a bold approach the way UnEpic does. Throwing a mish-mash of pop-culture humor into a lighthearted trek through a dungeon, UnEpic's ten or so hours of gameplay are ripe with puzzles, traps and all the usual D&D shennanigans you've come to love and expect out of medieval fantasy.This being said, UnEpic isn't perfect. Boss fights like Neuron are downright infuriating, and some game mechanics like invisible, flying enemies, rooms full of poisonous enemies and a lack of antidotes slow down the pace of the game's last act considerably.UnEpic is anything but, and despite its flaws, shines through as a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,233980,11241951,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Breakersnap,"Such a fun, funny, and challenging game.  I really hope to see more from the developers soon!"
76561198011998937,Recommended,233980,11241988,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Wildcard,Zoidberg Ran across my screen 11/10
,Recommended,233980,656226,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,SaltySeaWolf,"This game is awesome! If you are a fun of D&D or RPGs in general and are into fantasy/sci-fi stuff I strongly suggest this title! It is also really competitive, even old-school players will have some hard times! Buy it, it's cheap! :D"
76561198006362932,Recommended,233980,11339476,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Milkman_Dan,Pretty epic.
,Recommended,233980,11330723,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,genervt,Great platformer with a classic desgin. Explore a castle with deadly traps and become a hero.
,Recommended,233980,11370523,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dreadharte,"I'm not usually a fan of 2D games, I only play them when something exceptional comes along like Terraria or Spelunky, no exception here. Love this game, very classic RPG roots and hilarious dialogue. 10/10"
,Recommended,233980,11410712,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,echoes.-,manso juego
76561198057011189,Recommended,233980,11404090,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TheStoneMan,It's a good I guess. 0/04
,Recommended,233980,11404359,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,garath,"In a world of many metroidvania type games, I really feel like this one stands out. The RPG elements are very well done, I'm genuinely excited to get new items,weapons and abilities. The progression is very well balanced and challenging on hard.  It plays very well with a controller. Gameplay is always first in my mind when it comes to games like this and UnEpic doesn't disappoint. The controls are tight and responsive and I rarely feel like I'm dying from anything other than my own failure.The humor is light and leans toward the pop-culture/dorky side of things (which I actually like :P). I have greatly enjoyed the time I spent in the game and will definitely get back to it soon."
76561197986662860,Recommended,233980,11407245,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Doragonkami,Really good metroidvania action.
,Recommended,233980,7498303,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Zebrin,"Tongue in cheek humor, lots of references to other games and about as goony neckbearded a protagonist as you can get without actually having a neckbeard. (He actually names the Deutragonis Zeratul.) The story is about what you would expect, but the gameplay is tight, controls are pretty well mapped and fluid to use. If you die, it is because you ♥♥♥♥ed up, not the bad controls at the least.All in all a very good metroidvania. Well worth the 10bux."
,Recommended,233980,12018214,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,get_FLOwned,"Wow, the ending is really cool....But seriously, if you also grew up with a Gameboy, or a Super Nintende (SNES), and you ever in your life touched a 2D Castlevania or Super Metroid game, then you definitely should play this one. It basically is Castlevania. Just with more fun and less serious Dracula-slaying.It felt hard and unbalanced from time to time and there a few people whining about how they couldn't defeat a boss or a level, because they invested their skill points into the wrong stuff. But heck... it's doable. And quite cool."
,Recommended,233980,12006235,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Space Cabbage,Love it! No need for an extended explanations. It's just that awesome!
,Recommended,233980,12113737,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,WhiteLotus,"Wow, this game is really cool!"
76561197993276337,Recommended,233980,12105479,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DaddyChillis,"One of the best Indie 2d side scroller RPG games you will find. I thoroughly enjoyed this game. 10/10. Solid gameplay, great RPG elements, Difficulty is right on the mark for me. Fun story and dialogue. Play through it once and remember it."
76561198027923990,Recommended,233980,12107752,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,앋랸,Very interesting game indeed. Lots of humor and references to other sci-fi/fantasy stuff.
76561198035593650,Recommended,233980,4327710,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,MajicReno,good rpg
,Recommended,233980,4337356,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,BreakinAnt,"Metroidvania game, it has bad soundtrack and not so good graphics, also has lots of unfunny (kinda ironic since the name of the game is UnEpic) jokes, but is pretty fun and very challenging."
,Recommended,233980,4769367,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,VOID207,UnEpic
,Recommended,233980,4853863,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,KoolJex12 | gamekit.com,A great game yet to be the biggest
,Recommended,233980,5329813,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Lil House,Great game with a different play style. It has some cheesy dialoge to it that will make you laugh and all for 8 bucks. You can't go wrong.
76561198052795815,Recommended,233980,5608152,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,ПeR4iK,"funny jokes, the gameplay is like in the old games, nostalgia is not enough for many people plunge into the adventures of a gamer with experience"
76561198058404299,Recommended,233980,6070521,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Jinxed,Hands down the best eight dollars iv'e ever spent on a game!Castlevania with some heart and humor.
,Recommended,233980,6892046,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,iwarboy3,Pretty great game thus far. Recommended
,Recommended,233980,17254401,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"This game has a great story, and a large castle to explore akin to Castlevania SOTN."
76561198130996465,Recommended,233980,16579392,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rane61,"4.6 hours in and addicted, fun narrative and even more fun gameplay."
76561197993549110,Recommended,233980,16589357,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Berek,Fun game
76561197997713768,Recommended,233980,16590304,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,awsda,"meta story telling, fantastic metroid style, and extreamly fun!"
76561197994729512,Recommended,233980,16617692,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jaredmoreno,"Very addictive ""metrodvania"" game with a lot of references from Star Wars, D&D, Dune, The Golden Child, and other nerdy past times.  Really enjoyed this game, hoping for a sequel.  Game experience is well worth the full price and it's a steal on sale."
,Recommended,233980,16723986,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Trucker_buzz,very good game to spend hours and hours on with many many differnt ways to play and play with freinds
,Recommended,233980,16704824,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Deafen Dawn,I remember myself playing Castlevania Semphony of the night when i was young. Not the same but enough. The enfing could be better really. Metrovedian RPG with humour.
,Recommended,233980,16706859,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,dentorium,"Awesome game, better than most of the AAA games. Definitely deserves full price."
76561198007708085,Recommended,233980,16591416,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Raylak,"EDIT:   31 hours in, Hard complete. I stand by my original review, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Here's a warning though, it WILL have you pulling your hair out, rage quitting and yelling profanity at the screen. These are the qualities that make it a good game though, it will not let you just sun around with a sword and slash everything till it dies. You can try, but you'll die. You actually need to think to complete some of the later stages of the game, but there is almost always more than one tactic that could be employed.There is a certain boss that people are crying about on the forums, frankly I found him to be one of, possibly the best, boss in the game. Why? Because he is ****ing irritating as hell, has a ton of cheap tricks and you will have to reload earlier saves the first few times you face him unless you pick up on the very, very tiny hints to his abilities or read up on him. Why does this make him a good boss? Because I had to change my boxers after finally killing him, it was that damn satisfying.This game does not cater to the new generation of whiny gamers who want to be handed everything for repeatedly bashing a single button. It is a throwback to when games were brutal and were designed to stop you completing them, not help you. Personally, this is the type of game I love.Old review:I normally don't review, but UnEpic has earned this one fair and square. Hands down one of the best games I've played in the last year.I've played 9 hours, almost straight(damn real life commitments), so far. Playing on Hard and completing everything I see. Despite this game's name I can assure you, it truely is epic. It costs almost nothing and from the rate I'm going, I'm looking at 25-30 hours for a full complete, including the secret challenges, at a guess.Combat I haven't found to be repetative at all yet, there are tricks to beating certain enemies but often the layout or other enemies mean you have to adjust your tactics. You can't just run around fireballing every monster, or whacking it with a sword.The game has a ton of character and some of the cutscenes have had me sitting here laughing so much I've had to hide in a save spot till I could calm down.I would have been quite happy with this game if I paid £15-20 for it, to get it for about £5 is unbelievable. You can tell this game was made by someone who wanted to release a great game and actually enjoys this genre, not by a corporation trying to cash in on what people want.All in all, this game delivers in every respect."
76561198072496043,Recommended,233980,16708123,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nedjix,"I initially didn't think much of this game, however after playing this game for a few hours I'm having problems turning it off. I'd definately recommend to buy this. Don't blame me however if you get addicted."
,Recommended,233980,16710949,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Journich,"Great little fun game.  If you played D&D in the past, you will love the numerous references made in the game.The humour is great, and I love the challenges.I recommend it highly."
76561198001309330,Recommended,233980,17436386,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,assfanden,-Nice gameplay-Great humor-Suprsingly longAll in all totally worth it.
,Recommended,233980,6256267,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Astrum,Плантформер и рпг хорошее сочетание етой игры
,Recommended,233980,4844388,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,MegaJesus,"About 10 minutes in, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is gold"
76561198041044620,Recommended,233980,17445446,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Suchus,"Grab three friends and give it a go.Tons of fun in multiplayer, we found ourselves laughing to tears while we died to the horrible traps and massive ""♥♥♥♥ YOU""s the game throws at you.Single player is a good experience too, actually has a lot of content.This was a surprising game, one of those hidden gems you don't expect much about then end up having tons of fun with"
76561198036428607,Recommended,233980,16952904,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,The_Doctor,"This game has a great sense of humor, very intuitive with its mechanics, and all around entertaining and well made. I LOVE IT!! 10/10"
76561198038974943,Recommended,233980,17374297,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ToTallTrent,"If you like RPG's, side scrollers and bathroom humor this is the game for you"
,Recommended,233980,18899210,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kanissus,Great story with perfect jokes and pop-culture references.
,Recommended,233980,18883043,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,cX` Twisted,"love has no boundaries, especially from a desperate nerd."
76561198101963252,Recommended,233980,18740352,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,UnEpic?.....It's anything butt.
76561198071820216,Recommended,233980,17883272,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Razuil Blackstone,"It is witty, funny, and an overall good time. I look forward to seeing what kinds of crazy talks the player will have in the future. :)"
76561198178291558,Recommended,233980,17896949,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,mathmage3.1415,This is a very fun metroidvania-style game. It's wonderfully self aware and full of tongue in cheek humor.
76561198035023549,Not Recommended,233980,17751886,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kelvin,King of dodge.
76561198102287570,Recommended,233980,11160379,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SuriSuri MahaSuri,"WOW, the end is really uncoolllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198061336259,Recommended,233980,17699815,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ShasUiAlan,"Excellent game, really fun, packed full of references to many sci fi and fantasy franchises, damn good storyline, addictive gameplay, i found myself staying up late to play and being late to work the next day, i had heard nothing of the game and bought it on a whim in the steam summer sale and i must say best couple of £ i have spent in a long time, i am already planning my next playthrough, i hope to one day have a sequel, and may i just say "" Wow the end was really cool """
,Recommended,233980,17867474,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Cardigait75,a joy to play
76561197994956951,Recommended,233980,1574351,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Revista,"História legal, jogo médio.. tem seu charme.."
76561198021383222,Recommended,233980,17216593,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,blackserpent666,"Really cute game! Although I highly recommend to change the keys to the traditional 'wasd'. Shout to the developers: Good game, but please stick to the conventions! I can't set Left Mouse to attack, so it's a bit awkward wasd.The thing I like the most about this game is actually the humor of the main character!"
,Recommended,233980,17524968,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,curio124,"Wow, the end is really cool!(when you finish the game, you will understand me (-: )This is easily the best game I played this year and definitely one of my top ten. OK - top twenty. It feels little bit retroish, but it's a modern game - a nice graphics, variable environments but most importantly - very balanced gameplay. I read several negative reviews on the steam and I was little bit afraid, because almost all of them started with ""this is awesome game, but only until you reach the laboratory"", or the tower, or other later parts of the game. They said that the monsters become unbalanced tough and if you spend skill points into wrong skills the game become unbeatable. I didn't have this experience. I went slowly through the game, making all the quest, taking everything (and it did NOT feel like grind - it was pure fun for completionist like myself (-: ) and I really appreciate that the game become little bit harder towards the end.It wasn't impossible at all. For example - you will discover armored knights and with your current skill, they will kill you with 3-4 blows and you wil kill them with 5 blows. When you stand directly in front of it - yes - it's impossible to win. But when you climb the ledder blow him once, return, wait little bit and repeat this - it's no problem. Does it sound boring? I have to kill 10 or 15 knights like this. Than I get better mace and the knights wasn't problem any more... When standard knights was ok, knights with poison spear become challenging. But I found out, that by jumping you can avoid all of their attacks. And so one - there is always some ""technique"".Oh - and I have to mention, that there is an orb that will reset all your skills - so there is no problem with unwisely spended skill points.Sooo... Nice graphics, perfect control (don't be discouraged by screenshots - all the menus around the screen is really clever), interesting environments, unique bosses, balanced dificulty curve, rewarding gameplay (when you return to the earlier stages and kill almost anything with 1 blow, you can feel the progress of your character) etc. This is really good game and I would say, that's even better than la-mulana (and for me - that meens a lot (-: )Some hints, if you cannot decide where to spend skill points at the begining:- I invested in sword, mace, armor skills always to max limit - this melee approach works rather good- I invested only 6 points to fire (for good use of fireball) and not to any other magic skills - I used the fireball to reach distant creatures or in a boss fight (you will kill big tree with fireball really easily)- 10 points in potions, but I make only 5 of them (-:- excalibur is the best sword in game- hammer of the paladin is the best mace- this 2 weapon is all you need (-:- there is paralyzing pet in special retro level - it's the best pet I think. But you will get it very late - until then frog was my favourite because it kills all the annoyng flying thinks that is hard to hit with melee.- very good potion is potion of regen. You are almost invincible with it. If you have 2-3 large potions of regen, big brainy boss is really eeeeasy- last level was little bit chalanging, but I read somewhere about bow of corrosion. I didn't use a bow in a whole game, but I reset my skills (with orb) and max bow skill, use this bow and the level was funnily easy.- you can find save files in userdata subdir of steam. There you can create copy of your save file if you like to try something before final decision. I used this 2-3 times..."
,Not Recommended,233980,17497249,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NeuroTrophicShock,"When you first start playing this game it is really fun.  The nostalgia of these old games, and esoteric sci-fi pop-culture references is lost due to an overly crude character and poor story writing.Story: 3/10  I do not want to spoil any of the 3 endings but they are all terrible so just do not play this game.Gameplay: 3/10  It starts out fun but it does not end out fun.Music: 7/10Pro:1.	It starts out giving you that classic Castlevaina feel.2.	Challenging boss fights.3.	Interesting spells that have interesting uses… but they have bad limitations.  If you play this game blind you will not know where each specialization is going towards so placing your points in a wrong stat can hurt you alot.4.	Daggers are fun and add a very well done stealth element in the beginning of the game.Cons:1.	The main character dialoged is full of nothing but pop-cluture references to the points and most of the time he comes off as kind of a sexist pig.  It is not witty enough to be funny and kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥y.2.	BALANCE- This game has the worst balance of spells.  Because it tries to do too much level system falls flat.  I get that you can only specialize in a few things but this game needs to consolidate the system.3.	The spell learning system pacing is very off. For example, you only get access to the great healing spells at the end of the game instead of mid-way when it could actually be useful.4.	There are too many stats than are poorly done.  It would have been better to combine a few spells and stats OR do an entirely different system.5.	Towards the end of the game you need to target specific enemies to attack but sometimes you will target your own allies.  This will frustrate you to death.  There is no reason for this to EVER happen.6.	Spells mostly affect individuals but most of the time you need to target groups. Not enough Area effects. You cannot shoot down OR in an arc.  You are very limited.7.	Thoughtless puzzles you do not really have to think about.8.	The pacing of the leveling system depends where you are and is inconsistent that could lead you to grinding for hours."
,Recommended,233980,17499227,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,"Amusing game with much detail. Runs perfectly on linux. Another example for the fact that a game doesn't need fancy graphics to be fun, just a consistent art style."
,Recommended,233980,17550566,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,mrpatan,The ending is cool...
76561197991513421,Recommended,233980,17560949,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Detoxicity,Good stuff
76561198004145760,Recommended,233980,17591561,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Avenger8,Great adventure game. Doesn't look like hack and slash but found it to be challenging and fun.
,Recommended,233980,17478715,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,]TPG[Anonymous,"Fun story line, great puzzles and good coop, lots of community maps and levels.  (wish the leveling in the community maps actually saved though)."
,Recommended,233980,16574078,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,binaryfigment,"If you like RPGs and good storylines, buy this game. Especially if you ever played pen and paper."
,Recommended,233980,16578394,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,A wild yoshi appears,"Breaking the 4th wall never seemed as fun as it is in this game. The movement and combat lacks a bit but overall it's a great game, from the humor to the levels and quests."
,Recommended,233980,16551015,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Narnach,"This is fun! Lots of game/culture references, dialogues are funny and the gameplay is good. You can advance at your own pace, rather than feeling forced into twitchy combat and such."
76561198009153805,Recommended,233980,10728667,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PvtCaboose,Fun and difficult metroidmania game. Could be a bit more epic.
,Recommended,233980,10788928,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Edock,"Really having a fun time with this game. The RPG elements are light but work well. Only thing I don't like is the story, it's made me cringe a couple times..."
,Recommended,233980,10788491,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ogmok,"Great Oldschool game with many modern jokes. The Developers really got humor; you can choose between several different languages: the developer is not a native English speaker and he kept his first English translation as an optional ""UnEnglish"" language before they had a ""real"" translation.You can play in many different ways and combine the skills as you like --> be an axe-wielding telepath/pyromancer or a crusader-like Necromancer if you wish. My first character is a Swordfighter/Archer/Transmuter/medicore-Healer.Playing different builds and trying to solve the challenges (which reward each of your present and future chars with ""UN credits"" for special items like a ""phaser shooting Spaceship Enterprise familiar"") will bind you for hours and hours to this game.One advice for new players: The first Multiplayer scenario (recommended for 3 lvl 1-3 heros) is frustrating since it contains many unfair traps, high hitpoint monster (feels like 3-5 times more compared to single player) and a hard boss if playing it solo (the jokes are nice though; a mean DM leads a greedy pen&paper group)--> start a singleplayer game first and ignore those ""the game is unfair and the fights are too hard"" Reviews from people that jumped directly in that multiplayer scenario."
76561198026160078,Recommended,233980,10789543,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,agentjessup,Love this game makes me feel like im play dnd
,Recommended,233980,10795551,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lesslucid,"Despite a few rough edges, this is a really fun game. Some genuinely funny jokes, nice platforming and combat, and a reasonably complex RPG-esque system for this kind of game make it a pleasure to play. Some boss fights are just a bit too challenging for my taste, but it's always possible to push through if you're persistent. Recommended."
,Recommended,233980,10665492,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Titus Pullo,"So far so good.Interesting graphics, nice mood...the dialogue could be better, but that's fine.I kind of enjoy it.Would recommend."
76561197990913619,Recommended,233980,10666932,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CircleWind,"This reminds me the good old Castlevenia games, and YES I enjoyed it. Very good level designs, interesting mechanisms, and backed up with a hilarious dialogues with jokes/reference. It is surprisingly good, and yet not expensive at all"
76561198042204117,Recommended,233980,10957920,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jakebone03,Highly reommend for anyone who has ever played The Bard's Tale or any pencil and paper RPG's. This game is everything I hoped it would be and more. There are spoofs of so many memorable RPG and Sci-fi characters throughout it sometimes you find yourself getting killed while laughing at the quests.
76561198090587058,Recommended,233980,10958317,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Weezingpipes,"I bought it on the Summer Sale 2014. This game is fantastic if you enjoy old school NES style gaming. It has a notable learning curve to it but much of the castle is able to be explored by a variety of builds, the combat is simplistic but satisfying. The humor is great. This is a hidden gem that I haven't heard many people talk about, but I had a ton of fun with it. Good replayability too."
,Recommended,233980,10959138,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SirAwesomelot,Like the humour and all the nerdy references... Well done!
,Recommended,233980,10960861,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Woogigooie,"This game was a little hard to get into. i just got back into it when i purchased my logitech gamepad. I think this game is perfect for those who like the survival of starbound, while it doesnt have mining, or harvesting its still a dang fun game to play!SPOILERThe brain boss in the library will make you use your items and dump your potions. store any teleport items at the bank and place healing potions all over the floor of the boss room. it helps ALOT."
76561197993750581,Recommended,233980,10937802,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Taco the Disasterous,"If you've ever played D&D, this is a game for you. It takes a light hearted jab at D&D through the story while presenting a really fun game at the same time. The platforming isn't the absolute best, and the jumping feels a bit stiff, but it is easily overlooked once you get into the game more. The multiplayer has virtually endless content since it allows players to craft their own dungeons. Great game, hours of fun and cheap. Totally worth a buy."
,Recommended,233980,10938269,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Katame,"This has been so much fun. I love the single player and I have been playing the multiplayer too and I am in love with this game. It doesn't make itself easy, but it can be if you know how to do it. There is strategy involved with this ""platformer."" It has more RPG elements than Castlevania as the story is light, but too humerous to forget. I love how the multiplayer is different from the single player in story and how both actually have a story rather than simply run though the dungon. This is a well thought out game. Thumbs way way up!"
76561198055291668,Recommended,233980,10940710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,nickyrho,"It's another pixelated RPG side scroller, but a pretty damn awesome one! Play as a D&D loving run-of-the-mill nerd who ends up in a magical castle with a witty dark soul trapped in his head. That already sounds pretty cool. The pop-culture refrences are strong here and the dungeon craweler-esque style is incredible! There's wizards, thiefs and rats; all you truly need in an RPG!"
76561197993654370,Recommended,233980,11038372,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Den,"It's a work in progress, so I won't jusge too harshly.  The game is fun, combat seems to be good overall.  Good selection of weapons so far, I've found six weapons of different types, having only played a short time.I like the feature with the lighting that shows when you've found all the lights in an area, so you know you found them all.  You'll be lightining a lot of braziers and candles and torches.  Could use a little more info on what certain things do for you, like some scrolls and potions.  As well as how long they'll last.  Bt that may come in time."
76561197996864735,Recommended,233980,11068053,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Probotchie,"Great game. Variable difficulty levels let you choose what kind of experience you'd like. Very similar to castelvania games from years ago. Provides ample challenge, without being impossible. Lots of skills/spells, weapons all have varied damage types and speeds. You can tell this game has gotten a lot of thought.Sometimes monster hitboxes feel funny. It is possible to get into a state where an enemy has slightly longer reach than you, hits you and knocks you back, then hits you again just before you get in range. It feels like even a trash enemy on your way to a boss fight or merchant can take down a lot of health if you get stuck in a cycle like that. Though it is also possible to lock many enemies in a stunned state with your own strikes. So it isn't biased toward one side. Boss fights can be very hard if you don't have skill points in a necessary weapon or spell type, due to the significant impact of resistances."
76561197974274533,Recommended,233980,11233967,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,rog'n'sar,"Bought (too) many games in the Summer Sale including UnEpic which I foolishly left uninstalled, thinking it would be just another Rage-Quit, early access bug-ridden type game.13+ Hours in two days (one, Monday, supposed to be working!) and I simply cannot quit.Not sure what it is but it has something that keeps me waning to see just-a-bit-more. Even when I thought I had found a bug, it turned out to be my lack of understanding (and some pesky thieves).Developers suggest 20 hours of adventures in the single player game, well at my skill level that may be optimistic  - more likely 30 hours +. Added to that multiplayer and the Workshop and I believe you will get value from this title and a lot of fun."
76561198030461394,Recommended,233980,3998536,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,uminemm,なかなかにハマる！2Dだからと侮るなかれ。
,Recommended,233980,11108267,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Atmey,"Solid Metroidvania, just 2 things I didn't like much:Magic ""ammo"" systemSlightly cheesy main character, but it gets better later,"
,Recommended,233980,11111414,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lord Pug,Awsome Game!!!
,Recommended,233980,11111630,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,<3 Chetyre,"Note:  although this is an early access review, the single player mode is 100% complete and implemented.  I have not tried out the multiplayer yet but it looks very promising.This game does so many things right, which make its flaws all the more annoying.  I loved the exploration, lighting all the torches, making notes on my map.  The frustrating aspect comes from some design decisions made by the developer.  The biggest thing is there is a boss about a third of the way through the game that is impossible to fight from range (among other annoyances, but I won't spoil those in this review).  Later in the game, there are bosses impossible to fight in melee.  I wouldn't be as annoyed by this except you can only respec once in the entire game.  Even after respeccing you have to drop loads of gold to get the new skills, equipment, or essences (for casting spells).  If you're going to play this, definitely multi-class.  I made it through with swords, maces, and bows.  In particular, you can find a hidden bow about 2/3rds of the way through that will easily carry you to the end of the game.  I can see pure caster characters being fairly strong as well, but you might have to grind more for casting mats.Anyway, I will give this game a thumbs up.  It has a lot of charm and brought me back to the feeling of classic NES/SNES metroidvanias.  Pick it up if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198025215209,Recommended,233980,11804121,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,mameshane,game is funny and entertaining. great gameplay and graphics. definately a must play
,Recommended,233980,4551166,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Dude love <3,Очень крутая игра. С определенной долей юмора+ есть кооператив.покупать покупать покупать
76561197995934228,Recommended,233980,10968829,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arkalidor,"Very good metroidvania style game, with well balanced character customization. Relying on spells is just as interesting as weapons while completely changing the gameplay, and those random scrolls and potions are actually necessary at various points in the game.Also very good storywise. A mix of parody and actual fantastic adventure. But the ending's completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥... brb, bunch of skeletons are invading my flat."
,Recommended,233980,10970540,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,barefootguy88,"Cool cinema and videogames references.The game is really fun, actually, exceeded expectations.The RPG part is efficient and the dungeons strategies get inspired after a while (from the catacombs).I'd buy it again."
76561197978680390,Recommended,233980,798794,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,mayonnaise,"Oh my god guys, buy this game. It has drug humor, unlame references to other video games, a relatable protagonist. All I expected was a metroidvania with rpg elements and instead I got a legitimate roleplaying game. The stealth is really satisfying in this game. The shadows are amazing. The characters are great, and the character that serves as your Na'vi is trying to get you killed, so instead of just giving you the info you need his words just make you aware that you need start thinking. Really surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game. Reminds me of playing games at daycare in the mid 90's."
,Recommended,233980,10971672,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sacuta,"if you like old school table top rpgs than you will love this side scrolling, platforming, dungon master trolling, rpg.where commen sence meets gameing and all the pain that comes along with it :D"
,Recommended,233980,10972169,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SpicedLatte,"Fantastic indie game, if you like Metroidvania's you'll love this."
76561198106413076,Recommended,233980,10891753,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,nomadpad,"Sure, the slaying monsters gets repetitive after a while, the bosses are easy to kill, and its not a modern rpg/dungeon crawler,  but Thats the beauty of  it. This cult classic stiled game, is the most relaxing rpg with 2d graphics that has kept me hooked up for hours with out fail, its just so fun!!!!!! You dont have to worry about which class to choose,  about damage specifics, nor any of that stuff, its just relaxing fun slaying old gen creatures while hearing some funny dialogs. This is an awesome indy rpg. That is some awesomely well spent money....  BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!And to thes complaining about graphic related stuff: Bro get real its an indy, so before you complain, try making the program for a game like this, then you can talk, and trust me you will notice how DETAILED is the code for a game as ""simple""( its really not) this."
,Recommended,233980,10944106,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LeandroDubost,A very positive surprise. Fans of metroidvania and RPGs will enjoy this.
,Recommended,233980,10944452,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pollux,"Dungeon crawling, teenage humour, and RPG elements, what more can you ask for?Not a rogue like per se, more like a platform RPG, taking some ideas from Metroidvania, is quite entertaining. Lots of items, lots of menus, spells, scrolls, weapons, etc, will keep you busy for hours.My major complain is related with the size of the characters, too small for 2014... Also, black bars in wide-screen resolutions? Not cool...But all in all, recomended!"
76561198039441283,Recommended,233980,10944455,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,deltatchief,"If you are a fan of Castlevania, this game is for you! Combining the retro feel of old Castlevanias and the gameplay of newer ones like Symphony of the Night with lots of Easter Eggs and Mature Comedy produces UnEpic. This game is fun, funny, and has a great story line (thus far only 25% into the game). The main character is hilarious, witty, clever, and greedy making him the perfect protagonist in this crazy plot. The combat contains elements not found in many games such as weapon types and resistances, weapon skills, spells, potions, scrolls, and more! There is even an online version to the game that I haven't gotten to try out. I think they were aiming to make it feel like Castlevania Harmony of Despair.Again, if you are a fan of the Castlevania series, you can't go wrong with this gane!"
,Recommended,233980,10786077,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vaerik42,"Only a couple hours in, but it's Castlevania meets Knights of Pen and Paper. It is extremely humorous! The interface is a little cumbersome and the sounds can get annoying, but the humor and gameplay make up for it. 8/10!"
,Recommended,233980,3002917,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,twitch.tv/grimarth,"If you like DnD, and platform games, then you should get this one. The game has a huge ""storyline"" and great sarcastic humor! And the multiplayer is fun aswell! Maybe the best indie game i ever played. I would rate that 100/100!"
76561198062852568,Recommended,233980,6283139,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Vetta,Pedazo de juego. Control total sobre el PJ y un doblaje IMPRESIONANTE!  9/10.
76561197971067495,Recommended,233980,14541230,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,FourFeathers,"I picked this title up as a random ""cheap"" buy with the view to getting a few hours of amusement out of it and have been pleasantly suprised at just how good a game it is. I'd never come accross the ""Metroidvania"" style before, probably as the original titles never grabbed my interest when they first appeared, but as a gameplay style, it feels part way between an RPG and a platformer (and I'll put my hands up and freely admit.. I've never liked platformers).UnEpic scores because you don't have to be as pin sharp accurate with position to avoid a drop to the immediate death and in any case, death here is more of an midly annoying embuggerance than a ""hurl D pad at the wall in frustrated rage"".The combat rewards thinking and planning rather than button mashing hack and slash (not that hack and slash doesn't work.. it does, it's just you'll get more out of thinking and tactics) and the exploring, challenges and puzzles spice up the variety of tasks.The biggest draws for me though, are the humor, in-jokes and totally inappropriate pop culture references.. The single player game is chock full to bursting with cryingly funny moments and for anyone who grew up with D & D (especially if like me you started with the 1974 original rules) and has ever suffered from the sociopathic DM and his killer dungeon, the whole multiplayer game will have you crying with nostalgic laughter.10/10 for ingenuity, creative gameplay and top notch humor to beat the winter blues."
76561198126481387,Not Recommended,233980,16071090,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Tyberius,"DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU CAN JUMP PERFECTLY EVERYTIME OR YOU WILL DIE AND JUMPING IS 98% OF THE GAME, if not you will fall in to a pit of spikes and die over and over and of again which breaks your gear so you end up spending all your money and lots of time trying to jump wouldnt be bad if the jumping mechanics were not broken"
,Recommended,233980,15935393,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Orange Mehrkuri,"This game is pretty silly and the 2D side scrolling is a lot of fun! If you like D&D and enjoy side scrolling games with a lot of dungeon crawling, give this one a try!"
,Recommended,233980,16076653,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Carlness,"absolutely brilliant game, a must buy you will not be disappointed!"
76561197984162267,Recommended,233980,15921263,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,OhDatBrute,"unlike the game's name, it's ♥♥♥♥ing EPIC"
76561198005668503,Recommended,233980,16103372,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Flummer,"As an avid Role Player, I have enjoyed this game very much. The game is a solid side scroller with plenty to do.  The true fun comes from the witty dialogue between characters and npc's.  Insta classic imo."
76561197965485566,Recommended,233980,15854913,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,UltimaWeapon,woooow cool Story and the 2d game is super greati give it a   10/10
,Recommended,233980,15826126,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Yoav32S,"Great game!Very fun to play, amazing dialogues and refrences.I am very glad I bought it."
,Recommended,233980,15903099,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mbob3,"Great RPG, feels like the old stuff but that is what makes this game so good."
,Not Recommended,233980,15645490,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,connor.The.rooke,The mechanics of this game are fun enough but the writing and the humor tends to hover around the same level as a group of thirteen and fourteen year-olds who just figured out what sex and drugs are.
,Recommended,233980,13526074,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[XIII] Nailo,"This game is beautiful. This is how most casual (emphasis on ""most"") would react and act if they were sucked into a Dungeons & Dragons Universe. Each skill is used for something (that's right guys, no more useless skills that you regret leveling later.) Also each weapon is useful for something. Dagger does bonus damage from stabbing in the back, polearms have longer reach, sword swings slightly faster, maces/axes can break hard objects, bows can be used to either pick off enemies at a distance or you can shoot one, get its attention and draw it over to you and dispatch it quietly as to not alert the other enemies. spells actually require materials to use (and you have to learn/earn the ability use each element of magic) The references to other things (such as LoTR, Golden Child, Star Wars) are somewhat subtly put in (whereas some of them are shoved in your face and you are like ""Yeah i get it. you are trying to make a reference""). Rather than just being a generic hack and slash, loot collection game this actually has a story. and the side missions are actually worth doing! they give you things that aren't required for the main story but make it easier along the way. For only about $12 this game is well worth the price."
76561198102193989,Recommended,233980,13822676,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SmallDickMartin,"I haven't played it much but I have been playing the singleplayer, but all  I can say is that it seems to have a great story line, isnt a brain dead point and click to fight rpg, and is alot more fun and mechanically interesting then I thought, I will post another review if I ever get disappointed, but all I wanna say in bullet points is.-good story-fun game-cool controls-no consJust buy this game. you wont regret"
,Recommended,233980,13679986,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Le Hearse,"Metroidvania game that has an art style that is reminicent of an old game called ""Dark Castle""  simple to play, hard to master."
76561198030611024,Recommended,233980,13659400,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Thokdok,very engaging. humourous. fun to explore
,Recommended,233980,13759436,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,cosMIC,"As all reviews say: UnEpic is epic 2D/Metroidvania/RPG hybrid.Pros:- clever game mechanics and bosses- rock, paper, scissors based combat- story and occasional dialogs- Yogurt, my name isCons:- none that I remember"
,Recommended,233980,6733904,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,KetFun,"Игра не понравилась,сохраняться можно ток после того как пройдешь лвл,управление бешеное,физики нет,UnGovno"
76561198089686492,Recommended,233980,13175037,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ponly5,"A Fantastic Game for dungeon crawling, i dont particularly like the dialogue of charecters but there are references to games like WoW in there and im sure many more that i dont know. as for the gameplay itself its adventurous and great fun especially with friends!"
,Recommended,233980,13175688,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"Very fun. Could not have asked for a better RPG sidescroller. Some of the jokes are awful, though some are awesome."
76561198103939264,Recommended,233980,13835263,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,LostRothschild,Funny side scroller. It didn't get boring.
,Recommended,233980,10840120,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vuotz,JUST BUY IT
76561197991893622,Recommended,233980,10823490,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,qedrakmar,"I have no idea what it is about this game, but I found myself playing into the wee hours of the morning...  It's just really well done."
76561198044160852,Recommended,233980,10831655,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sautinus,"This is the best indie RPG which I have ever played. Characters, humour, references...It's epic. If you are fan of table RPG and sort of Castlevania you must play this! Worth with price. :D"
76561197969638726,Recommended,233980,10814140,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Arashikage,Good game.
,Recommended,233980,10814347,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SeM_TeX101,JUST WOW!!! Love this game!
76561198005812209,Recommended,233980,10818335,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Shrewinator,"I've only just beaten the first boss (on the ages 16+ side of the game and Hard++ difficulty), and have not been dissappointed so far. There have been multiple references to pop-culture, as the description states, and a plethora of humorous back-and-forth dialogue between the protagonist and the spirit that failed to possess him, becoming helplessly trapped within his body. There have also been a few points where I was given options on how to proceed, but to avoid spoilers, I won't go into any details.The gameplay itself is overall pretty decent and reminiscent of side-scrolling Castlevania games, save for the inability to move horizontally while attacking. Due to this lack of mobility on horizontal attacks, I would highly recommend using any weapon with a longer reach or a ranged attack when attempting to fight stationary opponents, snakes in particular (so far) due to their ability to stack poison debuffs on you.If you enjoy side-scrolling, platformer RPGs, then I would recommend the buy, despite currently being in Early Access. I've unfortunately not tried the multiplayer side of the game yet, but hope it's just as entertaining as the single player has been so far.    -- 8 / 10 --"
,Recommended,233980,10819354,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"Shut Up, Pat...","Really just a lot of fun. The humor is the right balance of nerdy reference and raunchy humor, but there's also a ""PG"" version for those less raunch-inclined.The graphics are simple, but still look great and are very well-integrated as a whole. The variety of weaponry, spells & crafting is  really nice, and the goive acting is pretty on-par and surprisingly non-grating for an indie title.Props all around to the developers for making an indie title in ""Early Access"" that's more than worth the price."
76561198039780464,Recommended,233980,4611616,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Khinsath,SENCILLAMENTE PERFECTO
76561198035780447,Recommended,233980,25093451,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,dave-the-wave,"Amazingly adictive and (unlike the the title says) this game is quite epic!!The D&D aspect of this game was intergrted in a very dynamic manner. The pace feels natural, the replay value is very high, the controls are tight and the sense of adventure implements itself so well.the monsters are original (mechanically & esthetically), making every room an exciting and scary experience.The deaths in this game are quite forgiving (unlike real D&D ofcourse) but trust me if you do play this game you WILL die, ALOT! Especially durring boss battles, which are original and very difficult on their own. they each have a weakness to discover and exploit, there is always a big scary anticipation before a boss battle and the payoff is sooooo worth it. You gey to learn new magic types, new weapon classes, so manny new spells! HAZA FOR DISCOVERY!!!And the writer for this game was fantastic, as a writer myself, I found his character diologue and developement to feel very authentic, lovable and every interaction is a treat! I even found myself accomplishing quests just to find out how certain characters would react.any way great buy, I baught it about a year ago and im still playing it, I acctually just finished it recentlly ;)"
,Recommended,233980,25455428,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,dawinnab,very excellent game that has redefined 2D RPG for me. snarky humor from your spooky companion and wit from the player character. with a respectable number of playstyles to try and plenty of castle to explore. this game is nearly a masterpiece that hasn't recieved its proper recognition. it even runs on my old piece of crap laptop at 40 Fps. try this game and give yourself an experience that's rarely felt with other games.
76561198059557997,Recommended,233980,6126014,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Tamagotchi,Awesome Indie RPG!! I LOVE IT :D
76561197974942190,Recommended,233980,27241165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sevend,"If you were a fan of Symphony of the Night, then this is a must play game.  Witty, funny, Unepic is a standout game, with a character all of its own."
76561198038460927,Recommended,233980,16632331,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EnafAequi,I had some kind of unique axe as a reward for having a foursome with female trolls.
76561198032209462,Recommended,233980,27314547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YourEvilMom,"Really great and creative RPG-ish game.The conversations with your ""Companion"" are just hilarious!Totaly worth a buy!"
,Recommended,233980,8321535,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mad1Z - マディス,"Best game I bought this wintersale by far! The only game I couldn't stop playing. The funny dialogue, the athmosphere and good gameplay mechanics will hook you to the game."
,Recommended,233980,2277022,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Patchy06,"Very fun platformer play the story alone or group up with 4 friends and play a group dungeon, also the more you play you can collect resources to build your own dungeons!"
,Recommended,233980,14338640,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,NotACarebear,"good times, decent humor. if not sure buy during sale."
76561197971087839,Recommended,233980,14410832,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Joonas,Good atmospheric adventure in a castle. About 20hours gameplay.
,Recommended,233980,13286095,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Nox,"UnEpic is one of my absolute favorite games. Now, it's not one that I'm going to spend hundreds upon hundreds of hours on, but that's not what it's meant to be. However, there is still a possibility of that if you get involved in the multiplayer scene and start making maps. Personally my experience is limited to playing the single player campaign and soloing the first multiplayer Dungeon because I couldn't find anyone to play with.The story itself is actually rather surprising later on, and you get hints throughout the whole game that perhaps everything is not what it seems. That said, there are a lot of silly, immature, and even downright stupid things said by the protagonist. Of course, he himself (and the entirety of this game) is a parody of the a-typical gamer (and RPG). If you are looking for something that is both entertaining, in-depth, and doesn't take itself too seriously, then this is definitely a game you should check out."
,Recommended,233980,13124211,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,blackjammer,100% pure fun.
,Recommended,233980,8672812,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,madoxster,Wow! The end is really cool!
,Recommended,233980,13351323,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,D4Dementia,"I love the concept, I loved playing for a while, but things got stale.....I feel like it needs a few more things to promote a better replayability, but I still enjoy it now and then."
76561197962849418,Recommended,233980,14061585,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Mr Scorpio,30 min in and having a great time. Lots of referances to old school stuff. Not sure the kids will get it.
,Recommended,233980,14091431,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Punnacle,"Witty banter, entertaining villains, and a main character who feels real. Oh, and you get to bone goblins. Not sure if that's really a plus but 10/10 from me."
76561198027884734,Recommended,233980,13968483,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Selik,Great game with exciting story and great multiplayer. I would definitely recommend this game for everyone who loves RPGs.
,Recommended,233980,14009092,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Purim,its like a rpg super mario... which is pretty cool actually!
,Recommended,233980,13998701,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,단,"I bought this game recently, and didnt realy know what it was. When i started it and the intro showed up, I realised this was the platformer I have been looking for all this time xD Its just so good, both gameplay and graphics wise. If you have ever enjoyed a table-top roleplaying game, this is the game for you! 9/10"
,Recommended,233980,14019812,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Viporion,Its a very fun game to play. The game mechanics are easy enough to understand and combined with the humor and references it's a must have for a rainy day.The references range from games to popcultur to little gems of the movie industry the mainstream has forgotte.
,Recommended,233980,13910299,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,NamiKnight,Awesome Game. Like the combination of simple platformer and rpg. Single player lacks a storyand is quite easy but multiplayer is much better.
76561198059152033,Recommended,233980,13928609,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kattsynn,very funny
76561198053342973,Recommended,233980,13957431,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,GhostDemon,"A very fun game. Can be considered difficult with the amount of planning each area takes. What I mean by that is on the higher difficulty settings a player cannot expect to walk into a room and kill 3 or 4 enemys at the same time. You have to wait and plan out your attacks picking them off one by one. I think there is a little strategy that comes with this game then maybe its just me.I am sitting here hoping and praying that there will be an Unepic 2 because Unepic is one of the best RPG games I have played in a very long time. Fantastic gameplay, great story, its funny and just plainly a great game. I highly reccomend this game to any RPG player out there looking for an addicting experience."
,Recommended,233980,13990791,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sangredevida,Awesome and super fun. Must buy for any SoTN fan.
,Recommended,233980,11142524,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[SFU] Jamin - Atraius,"I actually find myself enjoying this. However it is much more entertaining if you have friends to play with rather than playing solo. That's not to say the isn't good just as a single player title. The format is very similar to old school Metroid/Castlevania (as the description points out). You will find yourself occasionally getting frustrated by some of the old mechanics, like trying to jump back away from a trap, only to still land on said trap because you hit the ceiling and didn't move laterally.I hate giving scores, but I will say this game is certainly for afficionados of classic game play styles. If you enjoyed metroid or castlevania, and want a game that has a lot of detail while at the same time not taking itself too seriously, you'll find fun in this one."
76561197982317917,Recommended,233980,11161978,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,spiralyguy,"Took about 30 hours to finish the main campaign and it was worth every minute.  Entertaining/humerous story, good character customization, challenging but not cheap, good variety of enemies and reasons to use different weapons/abilities.Magic is limited by a drop (various colors) called essence, which made it seem more precious then a regenerating mana bar, but not so precious you were hesitant to use it.  Healing was a bit hard to come by so when fighting to the next check point every hit mattered, which reminded me somewhat of the original final fantsy.  You can hearth back to the save point at any time which heals you so you don't get stranded with no health, but you need to make it to a waypoint to really advance.Enemies do respawn but not gratuitously, around 5 screens will stay cleared which prevented combat from getting too tedious.  Pets are extremely useful but also very vulnerable and it costs money to ressurect them which meant using a pet or not using a pet (and which pet to use) was a legitimate decision.  Lighting all the torches in a room, which is then marked on the map, gave a good sense of completeness.My only real complaint was the shortage of hotkeys.  With a gamepad you get 12, with a keyboard I think you get 15 or 20?  I used a gamepad and 12 wasn't quite enough.  The game does not pause when you go into your inventory or spellbook so reassigning keys on the fly isn't practical.  In most cases this wasn't a problem, but for bosses occasionaly it meant getting owned, and coming back with a couple different abilities/items on your hotbar.Speaking of bosses, most of them were pretty good, there's something like 7 in total plus a couple mini bosses.  Their difficulty surely depends on how you've built your character, one in particular gave me a lot of trouble because I had no way to cure poison.There's also a dungeon editor and multiplayer campaigns if you're craving more after the campaign though I haven't tried them."
,Recommended,233980,11162255,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SunderedShadow,"When I first started playing the game, I was a bit dubious about it.  But after a few hours that place grows on you, it is defenatly fun and the conversations with the ""smoke"" are amusing.  The gameplay is decent, do not expect to get everything on the first run through especially regarding the challanges, as you find them you will learn exactly why I say that."
76561198040068182,Recommended,233980,10878570,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bear,"6/27/14: This games name is a lie. Truely it should be called EPIC. Its easly the best metroidvania esk game since its namesakes. I hope the develipor continues to produce the same level of games.Points in its favor:You can easly lose yourself to the dungeon crawl. (my first night playing I did so for 5+ hours XD)More popculture refrences then you can shake a Delorean at.Oldschool platform, and puzzle solving, and a throw back to the days of 3.5 Dungeons and Dragons!And all for a price that won't brake your wallet.Points against it:So far the only problem I have had with it is its poison effects. I can't seem to shake them off. Wether its healing at the great spirit or just trying to wait it out. This may well be a player issue and not a game one. But still worth mentioning."
,Recommended,233980,461852,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,3arls,"Controls are fixed, mouse and keyboard combo is still goofy as hell, but at least you can now remap the keyboard keys without issue...Now that I can finally properly control the character, the game has been a lot of fun - it can be extremely frustrating because it's not very forgiving...  But once you find your rythem, it's a blast.  Definitely recommended now."
76561198104055243,Recommended,233980,10109169,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Mephisto,"Great RPG, great platformer, challenging (but not impossible) in solo as well as in cooperative mode! Verry funny, beutifully designed... Nothing bad to say about it..."
76561198037638877,Recommended,233980,9869418,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,haloregit777,"This is really a good game.  It has a fair amount of content, humor and action."
76561198113232664,Recommended,233980,16553312,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,1234,"Just started playing this game, and I'm enjoying it.A must have game if you an RPG gamer.Good for gamers that want to try an RPG platformer."
76561198058499010,Recommended,233980,16636078,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,plemonjello381,"Had no idea what to expect when I bought the game, and was pleasantly suprised. Planned on loading it up and playing for five minutes, and played for two hours. I can't say much beyond the first few areas of the game, but it's a solid game. It's like 32-bit Castlevania games with a mixture of Diablo and D&D game mechanics. Maces work well on skeletons, and torches are very important. There are interesting puzzles, the and the game flows very well. One game mechanic I found innovative is that you have to use your lighter to light the way, and it has a very limited range it can cast light. You can light torches around the dungeon, or purchase torches. My two criticisms are that that the hero character moves a bit sluggish, and combat and jumping suffer as a consequence, Alucard from Castlevania he is not! The game is a blast and definitely worth a few bucks. I am shocked one guy managed to make it!"
,Recommended,233980,16639687,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JacuzziAnt,"The introduction to the game, one where you are a D&D player who gets teleported to a dungeon, is misleading. The game isn't particularly about D&D tropes, nor does it use too many elements from tabletop games. Furthermore, our main character isn't terribly concerned with getting back to the real world, if you are annoyed by that kind of focus in the narrative. In fact, he's quite happy to roll with it (SPOILER:He thinks it's just a hallucination).In terms of scope, this game hit all the right notes for me, which I'll break down below:GAMEPLAY:The game has a very friendly difficulty curve that ramps up dramatically as you get deeper into the game. However, it's decent about introducing elements to you gradually - there were zero times where I died without first thinking,""Darn, there's a chance I will die if I try this. But it might work. Let's go for it!""To me, this is a sign of good design.That said, the game does have its frustrating moments. As you will see in other reviews, the bosses range from standard Metroidvania fare to very esoteric. If you approach them with an open mind, finding the way to beat each one feels immensely satisfying. However, expect at least a few deaths per boss, especially later in the game, before you beat each one.I encourage people playing the game through the first time to do normal or easy difficulty, and to look up the ""Challenge Guide"" for the game. The game has a series of fun challenges that give you ""Unepic Points"". These points will span all your character files when earned, which can help when you return for Hard difficulty. Also, starting on an easier difficulty allows you to get used to the skill system, which you may want to tweak in other playthroughs. The game definitely has replay value, though it is just as fun if you intend to just go from beginning to end to beat it rather than to explore different character builds.Also, I encourage you to look up how to change the age setting. In-game, there is only one time where you can choose your age group - this determines whether the dialogue will include cursing and sexual innuendo or not. Personally, I prefer to use the ""innocent"" setting, because at times the cursing can break immersion a bit.If you like gaming the rules, the game does have some challenges that have the ""correct way"" to do them and also the ""munchkin"" way to do them. This is always fun to discover in games, since you feel rewarded for noticing a rules exploit. None of the harder bosses of the game allow this, but there are many mini-challenges where creativity and resourcefulness are amply rewarded.My one quibble with gameplay? The bureaucracy quest. :P But it's a charming sort of frustration, because you know the developers were cackling evilly as they made it.PLOT:The plot will never overshadow the action, which is as it should be for an action RPG. That said, the dialogue is written superbly, providing the player with more and more context about the two main characters in the game. Both of them have distinct personalities that you will grow to recognize and love.NPC characters, with just a few lines, give the game a huge amount of flavor. Some of the enemies you begin the game fighting can become your allies in the most unexpected ways, while ostensible ""allies"" who give you quests can turn out to be quite vicious.Occasionally, there are references from titles such as Solid Snake (that one happens fairly early on), Star Wars, Kill Bill, and more. These are rare enough that if you don't recognize the meme they won't interrupt gameplay, but are cool nods if you do recognize them.The plot isn't deep if you like lore and stories, but is very enjoyable if you like character-focused tales, because the characters have a lot to like about them, and can surprise you with their quips about the world around them.BONUS CONTENT:The game gives you a bonus pet option if you buy Sydar Arcade alongside it, and Sydar Arcade will also have a corresponding bonus if you own Unepic. It's a pretty cool collaborative effort, and the bonus won't make or break the game by any means. However, if you find the challenges decently easy to do and would like an extra pet (since it does take Unepic Points to buy) I recommend getting both games, especially if you're catching sale prices.FINAL THOUGHTS:If you enjoy a game with simple mechanics that ramp up over time, if you like being a munchkin, if you enjoy some platforming in your action RPGs, if you enjoyed Metroidvania, if you enjoy nerd culture references, or if you just want a game that really challenges you as you get into it, buy this. You won't regret it. :)"
76561198044479117,Recommended,233980,16640422,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LithiumTwist,"Caught this one during a steam sale ~ only did the one play through and spec but, lots of fun! Not particularly difficult save a few frustrating platform challenges. Each area is unique and interesting and the skill systems accomdates several play styles."
76561198001807994,Recommended,233980,17767305,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"Well, I got my money's worth out of this. it's nothing unique, but its fun, bug-free, and it mixes platforming with rpg stuff. good enough for me."
,Recommended,233980,7356610,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Atticus Finch,Great RPG Game
76561198023003091,Not Recommended,233980,17663820,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Pid,"Soon you'll notice how unbalanced difficulty is. You have to replay the very same screens over and over again with no sense of progression. Quite the contrary, the feeling is that of wasting time with a not so fun gameplay. There are tons of better games of the same genre. I couldn't recommend this game even if I'd try hard to."
76561198033492251,Recommended,233980,4187303,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Ol' Swoop,It's not perfect (UI is a bit clunky) but it's still a great little game to pick up and play when you've got a bit of spare time.
,Not Recommended,233980,17986856,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hidoshi,"I tried to like this game..I really did. But after 3 hours of play I still have yet to get the ""Wow what a cool skill or cool enemy"" feeling."
,Recommended,233980,1463691,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,SirusTheMadDJ,Castlevania with a side order of a crap ton of references and some interesting boss fights
76561198022263607,Recommended,233980,14633887,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,PH03NIX78,This game is great! 2D platform adventure game with a ton of gear to find and use.The Multiplayer game is Haaaarrddddd. Pretty much had to grind away just to be able to get through the level and then Grindy grindy again just to beat the boss.Have sunk so many hours into this. Might load it up again to test out the new maps
,Recommended,233980,4890390,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Nonoctis,Ce jeu est débilement génial
76561197979800354,Recommended,233980,834349,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Mr. Bungle,Fantastic 'Metroidvania' game that exceeded all of my expectations both in the quality of the writing and in the quality of the game itself. Buy immediately.
76561198065829131,Recommended,233980,14201284,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Prince Oatmeal,"Freakin Loving it, full of adventure and skill.  Plenty of replay and the multi function is great. I loved DnD and its the closest thing I get to a cheap replacement online."
,Recommended,233980,14170412,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Obiza,an amazing platforming RPG with a comprehensive single player campaign and very fun multiplayer!
76561198009012513,Recommended,233980,14158008,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Plebtatoes,"This game is definitly worth its price, has sense of humour and LOTS of dungeons. Let the looting begin!"
,Recommended,233980,13596681,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dace-Draws,"i have just started playing this game and its very epic dispite its misleading title, first i love the art style and the language used is halarious i liked the part (spoilers btw) where he pretends to be hier to a kingdom he made up even though the world around isnt a drug enduced halucination, i also love the interaction between the protaganist and the try to be antagonist who happens to be stuck in his body (jokes aside) i think the gameplay is very reminicent of castle vania and i like how solid snake and simon belmont are both mentioned.  overall a grate game a thoughrly enjoyable"
,Recommended,233980,13645245,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sjn420,"Unlike the game's name, it is very Epic indeed!  I would reccommend this game to anybody.  Love it!"
76561198023343433,Recommended,233980,13602605,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Erolat,If you ever played pen-and-paper role-play games this is a game for you. If you have not been living under a rock for the past 50 years you should enjoy it as well. Lots of pop culture references combined with a decent side scroll style play make for a game that is both funny and fun to play. The fact that you get to decide how to skill up your character just adds more depth.
76561198087420137,Recommended,233980,13513264,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nowe,A very cleaver humorous RPG platformer with excellent Co-Op. I would suggest this to everyone.
,Recommended,233980,15136516,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ocean,"wow, the ending was really good"
,Recommended,233980,11312181,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,DougM [CS.MONEY],This game impressed me. It was the best early access I ever played.
76561197972052517,Recommended,233980,11315633,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Phoenix,Really fun dungeon crawler with an awesome sense of humour
,Recommended,233980,12215345,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,interghost,"Very nearly didn't buy this game. From the store page it looks like a very in depth RPG style dungeon crrawler game. However, I got the game on sale and gave it a shot... I was very supprise. It plays like a classic 16 bit style dungeon adventure game. And they have got the item system just right too, with not too many spells and items etc to confuse the game play.Has a lot of great humour (althoguh I don't see the need to have an adult option with swear words thrown in, as it doesn't add to the game) and keeps you wanting to keep playing. well worth a punt and great fun, enjoy!"
76561197987893338,Recommended,233980,1150269,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,tjstrato,"Good game, keeps me interested like Zelda did back in the day."
,Recommended,233980,12135542,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,Wow. That ending was really good.
,Recommended,233980,11265917,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Schmaples,"...10/10. And ""Wow, the end is really cool!"""
76561198066585603,Recommended,233980,11553946,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Warjoker18,An indie game that supplies hours of fun!
76561198080263894,Recommended,233980,21399258,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Daborgon,fud
,Recommended,233980,21545133,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,waikiki,no words needed
,Recommended,233980,21532514,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tony Kaku,"The best room lighting simulator I've played, hands-down. 10/10 would ignite torches again."
,Recommended,233980,21529905,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Icanseeyourhooha,"Great game, fun to play and really nice to look at despite being a pixel game. My only complaint is that not alot of people actually play it. Its kinda sad. Absolutly recommend this game though."
76561198061792252,Recommended,233980,16901466,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Darkhal,"Unepic beggins without any logic, and continues like it.Nice graphics, animations and somehow, fightings are nice AND roleplay like, something i really craved to play.I was kinda surprised to actually enjoy the voice acting, i though it would be worse, but it was just fine !And then i ♥♥♥♥ed goblins or so..10/10"
,Recommended,233980,21263212,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,OJE,"Wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,3164549,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,[L&S]Fortyseven,"Dark Souls 2D prepare to DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE, ♥♥♥♥♥ezzz edition"
76561197974009568,Recommended,233980,21879690,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Brewpub,"""Wow, the end is really cool!""Loved the game hope there is a sequel in the mix.  ;)"
,Recommended,233980,21712255,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mellow Ripsaw,Multiple hours of co-op fun!
76561198036173291,Recommended,233980,21680145,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mudhut Sassypants,A really neat sidescrolling action RPG.  Also; the multiplayer Co-op campaign is really fun to experience with a couple friends.
76561198019984245,Recommended,233980,21684110,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,><,"The unexpectedly great game. It really is. There is no something new, it is just a classic platformer. But the gameplay, script and humor are making this game great. Thanks for fun."
,Recommended,233980,21720891,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","just old fashioned humour and fun, pretty dam good"
76561197971454835,Recommended,233980,21854693,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,PeterWar,"This is really a terrific game, I'm enjoying it so much that I'm recommending it to all my friends and would be willing to pay for expansions and DLC, but so far we're getting them for free which is great."
76561198039312727,Recommended,233980,25354667,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Brundle_Fly,"Really fantastic game, good humor with retro gameplay style. Its a real blast from the past."
76561198157586678,Recommended,233980,25397930,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Tornadogek,"This does not look like D&D, it IS D&D!"
,Recommended,233980,22366920,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,purpleninja102,"I'm gonna have to recommend it. it is probably my favorite games in recent times, besides 'super amazing wagon adventure' but i played this one and was hooked immediatly by it, and got the right chest.my question to you is, what if you don't choose a destiny chest?"
,Recommended,233980,4669259,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,LoopCrow,"Fun, Castlevania style 2D side-scrolling RPG... Worth the $7.99"
,Recommended,233980,21986188,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Cinder,Wow! The end is so cool!
76561198099812686,Recommended,233980,22013928,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,cupidsauce,If you are a fan of RPG's with a fresh story. this game is for you.
76561198035452392,Recommended,233980,21915249,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shagmeister,"I must say that Unepic is quite Epic! The possibilities are vast in this game! There's a bunch of upgrades and skills to explore. The entire game is a wild card! Level design is great and the objectives are never tedious. A must for those who care to enjoy something different.Ah yes... and...Wow, the end is really cool!"
76561198090197677,Recommended,233980,22093612,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cpt. Conundrum,It's alright.
,Not Recommended,233980,22112823,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Vanity Evolved,"Enjoyable for the first couple of hours. You know what's fun? Multiple new debuffs each time you move a screen, solely focused on either killing you ridiculously quick or just stealing your items/making you drop them, forcing you to constantly spend time in your inventory/rebinding your gear. And ontop of that, one of the most pathetic excuses of a 'final boss' gauntlet I've seen in a game. Save your money and your patience for much better games."
,Recommended,233980,7236917,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Gunsmithcat8,amazing!
76561198126866631,Recommended,233980,24548041,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Johnny Rapidfire,"Later in the game it seems like a hassle to juggle skills, potions, etc. but overall it's really fun to play and full of sci-fi related humour."
76561198037890805,Recommended,233980,24627821,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Wasianmaster,"I absolutely love this game. The comedy in the game is really what sets it a part. The vintage side scrolling feels really well done, and incredibly immersive regardless of that fact. This is a true testament to graphics don't make a good game. Good game mechanics and an excellent story/dialog, really do more for a game than graphics ever will."
76561198002766725,Recommended,233980,24682815,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cereberon,Unepic is epic! not much more to say. Ive played this game over and over again and the humor is fresher than the pile of ghostly bodies ive left behind(i died alot). Multiplayer is way fun too. Some of the levels are iffy but the main ones are awesome. Get some buddies on Unepic or play solo and enjoy the story!
,Recommended,233980,27829943,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,franzen_99_99,I wish some publisher would throw unlimited money at these guys.  I would play anything they made.
,Recommended,233980,27830344,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Error404,Just excellent!
76561198250866708,Recommended,233980,27835886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,drakeslayer15,if you dont love the game play (which i personally think is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) then you'll just love the referances play and meet yoghurt (ps i probable spelt that wrong) pls :D
,Recommended,233980,27808427,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boshy,"Great little game! At this moment its well over 2 years old. And its still an amazing game!The balance between difficulty and enjoyment is just right.Humor is great, weapons feel just right, all spells are very usefull, boss fights can be a challange but are very fun to do!Good and thought out RPG elements, greatly optimised gameplay within it's set constraints.Any RPG lover will enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,233980,27794165,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Weasel,"A fun, funny, and good looking RPG."
,Recommended,233980,17394613,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,linggrad,"Simple, Metroid-Vania with nerdy humor.  Surprisingly addictive.  Reminds me of being 15 years old, on my SNES"
76561198043146573,Recommended,233980,4907498,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Udon Knight,A great visit back to the golden age of 2d rpg's as a modern day protagonist.
76561198132622538,Recommended,233980,17417834,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,gentlegiant,"Wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,16418611,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,simontk,"A really nice game with good ideas! Especially the Editor is done great.Sadly the multiplayer aspect isnt balanced to well, what frustrated my friends so far that we ended playing..."
76561198029829825,Recommended,233980,16529544,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,LumazeR,Coop is good.
76561198100332780,Recommended,233980,16535042,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Captain Stubbs,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ so i don't even know where to start... at the time of writing this review i only have a bit of play time, maybe like just over an hour, and already i am hooked, feeling yourself get more powerful as you travel through the caves, creating your own custom class (even though i am alway drawn towards ranger) ♥♥♥♥ing up gods as this tiny little dnd player haha, this is an amazing game worth a purchase if you enjoy RPG's. the combat is fun enough to keep you going, the monsters are reletively challenging (playing on normal) the humor is great, and the multiplayer seems to work flawlessly. overall, i'd say pick this up, and enjoy the ride"
,Recommended,233980,16535051,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,deemon,super
76561198080502857,Recommended,233980,16812476,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GohRhilla,"Hilarious dialogue, very captivating setting and spot on references to contemporary and past movies, rpg and games. Love the game. Would recommend it over and over."
,Recommended,233980,16832577,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Guide,"Ending was ba... oh no who are you and what are you doing in my room? No pls no sodomy! No♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh NOOOOOOO!!! Game is epic, elven part's unepic. I dunno why last boss such a ♥♥♥♥♥.A game worth every cent you paid. 2D is real."
,Recommended,233980,16217688,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ricko,"I enjoyed this game.+ It reminded me a lot of the games of my youth like Crystal Caves and Secret Agent, which I also recently played.+ Great graphics and audio.+ The story was enjoyable with many good injokes about ""nerd"" culture.- Some of the bosses are extremly difficult (took me a week for one of them, bloody Beholders)"
,Recommended,233980,16218421,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Metroidaron,"So I sold my armor to buy a magic robe because I prefer magic, Turns out my robe skill needs to be level 9 instead of level 3.  Had to fight a boss (Neuron) nude and run around for an Entire levels worth of gameplay fighting nude. 11/10But seriously, I don't leave comments on games very often and I am a huge fan of games such as Metroid, this game lives up to the ""Metroidvania"" tag!  Absolutely fantastic dialog and voice acting, the only downside is the lack of Local Multiplayer, otherwise you should give this game a shot if you like satire and D&D/Pathfinder style games, this one will be for you!"
,Recommended,233980,16470612,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bukler :>,I had sex with some strange ogres and they even paid me for that 10/10P.S: I am not sure if they were femeles or males but I keep got my dosh
76561198046136545,Recommended,233980,16472643,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Buddy Jesus,I had been eying this game for a while now. Figured no better time to buy it than when its on sale right? Well i can tell you from just the small amount of time I played it I was so captivated that I purchased two more copies so I could play it with a couple friends. If you enjoy old school RPG's and the style of the sidescollers this game is influenced by then do not fear to click that Purchase Button. Anything else would be... UnEpic.
,Recommended,233980,16897711,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Shelton,Fun. Must play with friends.
76561197971328340,Recommended,233980,16906320,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GalactusPoo,"WOW, the ending is really cool!Metroidvania style game with adult themes and a TON of nerd references.  Loved it."
,Recommended,233980,16878047,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,RendCycle,"A nice old school platformer that reminds me of the classics.  The 2D amateurish graphics is noticeably dated and the controls are pretty simple. But using a game pad when playing this is just awesome. It brings back memories playing 80's video console games. Also, the story is quite cute and made me laugh at times. For the discounted sale price, I can say I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,233980,6431448,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Thanos,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet and also very cheap. Totally worth full price.
,Recommended,233980,14715233,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Telarius,"A fun RPG with a great deal of replayability with Steam Workshop integration.  Price-wise, it is quite reasonable for the content and a bit of deviation from your standard hack & slash RPG.  The humor adds an amusing twist to the story, and the game itself can be very engrossing."
76561198060655925,Recommended,233980,6178023,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Killswitcch,really fun game to pass the time go check it out :D
76561197970999762,Recommended,233980,18833874,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,3gg,V.good platform RPG
76561198083552426,Recommended,233980,18949918,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Silver Drop,"There are three main types of games in the world; the AAA titles that everyone knows about, the indie games that get as famous as AAA titles, and indie games that go under the radar. This game falls into the last category. The single player mode is engaging and the mp maps are just as fun if you can get a lan party going."
,Recommended,233980,29419176,Posted: 22 January,all,D.Morok,"This is quintessence of geekishly nerdish fanboy ideas.This is fun, hardcore, puzzled game.Try it and you love it."
,Recommended,233980,2122122,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,yavai,パロネタ大杉ﾜﾛﾀアクションとしてもかなり楽しい部類。
,Recommended,233980,29365964,Posted: 19 January,all,Multihack,The game doesn't need any more praise. Its only sticking point is the humour!
,Recommended,233980,10692679,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,brunoarriva,Awesome!!!
76561198038256352,Recommended,233980,4506580,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Taggart,quite a bit of fun
76561198011156273,Recommended,233980,28902104,Posted: 1 January,all,Zygomycetes,Got a quest to impregnate orc ladies. Zera was utterly disgusted by my vilingness to copulate outisede my species. ♥♥♥♥ing normie/10
76561197986836638,Recommended,233980,28864732,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ShrewONE,AWESOME GAME!!!!!
76561198352185523,Recommended,233980,28845546,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jesperjuhl76,"Very nicely done. Not that difficult puzzles, but fun to play. Very good humor.And it runs on Linux :-)"
76561198031203680,Recommended,233980,28847030,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dennis,"Funy, Fun and Fantastic!"
76561198058512429,Recommended,233980,18952817,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,noctis,"Wow, the end is really cool!"
,Recommended,233980,6741876,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Klinty,Советую всем поиграть в эту замичательную игру.
,Recommended,233980,2826783,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Thomas,must play
76561197998582976,Recommended,233980,12610224,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JegErSuppe,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,233980,26870194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lee,"Cool game. The way to the world of magic and adventure, the main thing is not to forget the lighter"
,Recommended,233980,25982222,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,aerotinge,"After years, UnEpic still remains its unique style. Stereotype RPG element with lots cult punchlines. However the game became boring after play through the whole game twice. Not so many random element making this game boring even DLC item added."
76561198076176736,Recommended,233980,30259497,Posted: 1 March,all,Awesome_Man,"Wow, the end is really cool! Seriously, this game is pretty good. The artwork and architecture of the game are a bit primitive, but that doesn't stop Unepic from being it's own thing and doing it well! The leveling system was paced really well and I enjoyed looting and exploring without having to grind very much at all. The diolog between the characters and the inside jokes are the highlight of the game for sure.Now for the bad parts. There are some extreme spikes in difficulty, especially towards the end. This game does troll you a lot, sometimes in a harsh way, which can be hilarious and frustrating at the same time. The drag and drop organization is a bit buggy in the menu, but I guess that's why they have assignment keys. My biggest complaint about this game are the blind jumps and enemies that knock you back into instant death traps.Overall, this game is a lot of fun. Anyone that wants a nice metroidvania style dungeon exploration with quests and humor should play this game."
,Recommended,233980,2255670,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Elvex,great game. juegalo en español! ;)
76561198073050877,Recommended,233980,8597529,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Crusty Jugglers,"Funny if you like shows like Family Guy.If not, it's not.Kinda alright."
76561197988185074,Recommended,233980,11317838,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,gyozo,Awesome little game
,Recommended,233980,31337436,Posted: 24 April,all,Kupuntu,"One of my favourite Metroidvania games on Steam. It has a lot of things I like: geek humour, exploration, 2D graphics and a lot of content. I had fun with it and I'm planning to do at least one more playthrough of the game."
,Recommended,233980,31542116,Posted: 4 May,all,Komacozy,UnEpic does not live up to its name.It has an epic dialogue with plenty of witty quips and... other things that sound smart... the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
,Recommended,233980,1467695,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,[Seppuku] Halaster,"Si te gustan los Metroidvania, juégalo."
,Recommended,233980,32211168,Posted: 5 June,all,Lemonocle,"Didn't know if I would be able to get past the graphics and enjoy this game, but the gameplay and charming plot redeemed the graphics."
76561197986304403,Recommended,233980,30649380,Posted: 21 March,all,Shad0w,"If you like metroidvania games with a good humor, then this is a mus buy!Game is hard but fair. Lots of secrets to uncover and good amount of skills & spells :)Reminds me of good old nes&snes games where you must discover things your self. If you enjoy a fair challenge, then buy this game."
,Recommended,233980,32334761,Posted: 10 June,all,Buns of Aluminum,"Wow, the end is really cool!-----------------------------Fun platformer with pretty good control. You can focus on magic, or you can be a warrior and melee / shoot everything. I ended up doing most of the second half of the game with an axe and a bow. The nerd humor jokes are pretty good, if a little cheesy (but that's good, too).I do feel like there's a bit more language in the game than is necessary, but I think this may come from the fact that the author is not a native English speaker and was trying to sound hip and cool. Unfortunately, it's the only thing that keeps me from being able to play with my kids.Recommended, over all."
,Recommended,233980,33833147,Posted: 27 July,all,Theodon,lol
,Recommended,233980,1207943,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Timmy!,"RPG plateform original pour les fana' de jdr. Enormement de clins d'oeil que les geeks de notre espèce pourront comprendre. Beaucoup d'humours également.Nostalgique et amoureux de la NES, achetez le !"
76561197972541185,Recommended,233980,34308170,Posted: 17 August,all,Furnus [NOR],"the price is completely nothing for a game as long, fun, addictive, fun and well made as this. Pick it up today. Dont let it stay in your library for 2 years like I did before finally giving it a go. Highly recommended. No-brainer for any RPG fan."
76561198088512123,Recommended,233980,35478187,Posted: 4 October,all,Paxxalor,"I've never written a review of a game before but this one is worth the effort. I love UnEpic! It has everything I could want out of a side-scrolling RPG. A wide variety of items to use in combat, potion making and spells, vendors, items that teleport you around the dungeon, funny dialogue and an excellent tutorial. I really appreciate all the attention that went into making it possible to use keyboard buttons for the various abilities and items. Because I'm used to WASD movement, it took me a bit to adjust to the cursor key movement. But the movement, combat, and item use system is simple and fun. For only a few dollars, this is a great game!"
76561198023407526,Recommended,233980,35478613,Posted: 4 October,all,SinBard,I'll keep this short. This game is very fun. I love the multiplayer with my friends and have spent more time than I wanted. I've had it since launch and it's definitely worth the price tag. Enjoy the laughs.
,Recommended,233980,35507878,Posted: 5 October,all,alsats (Aldorn),"''Wow. The ending is really cool!''This is castlevania 3 + SotN + a kick of pop culture comedy. MGS, star wars, GoT, Trek... all kinda of subtle references.Their is a really nice heavey dose of pen and paper style weapon/spell system customisation. The rpg elements are like Simons Quest on roids. The fourth wall is constantly broken which adds to the humour.Main quests, side quests, hidden challenges. The game has all that.The final boss stage is something original and I felt it gave the game a new lease of life (not that it needed it).I would advise to play atleast on Normal difficulty. I felt that was hard enough without being tedious. Certainly wouldn't want t it to be easier than that. From my understanding the harder settings will require some xp grinding to easy your way."
