user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234080,7743213,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Krusenstern,"I must say I never played a Castlevania game before, so forgive me when I lack some background for a proper comparison to the previous installments.Overall this game is fairly good. It has some problems like the strange hitboxes which seem a bit off sometimes (you can get hit even though the enemy's attack actually didn't reach you and things like these), but this happens rarely. The other negative point is the static camera which sometimes positions not very idealy, preventing you from viewing parts of the screen and sometimes missing hidden areas.In terms of art direction this game is gorgeous. Mercury Steam really had some talent working on the world design of this game. If you like gothic european fantasy art styles, this game delivered in my opinion. Art direction is stunning at times and I even stopped for a few seconds here and there to eyeball the scenery. It's a very pretty looking game.The voice acting is also of decent quality. Story might not be god tier like, but it's still remains interesting with a few surprising plot twists in the second half of the game.What needs to be said is: The game takes a lot of time to get really started. The first levels are basically tutorials where you gain new equipment and movesets. It gets more interesting after the 3rd or 4th chapter.The combat is a bit comparable to God of War's. Your weapon is a whip-like chain that lets you perform direct attacks to center on single enemies or areal attacks for groups of enemies. You can mix these attacks and also learn new movesets and combos the more experience points you gather. These combos and attacks can be combined with the light and shadow powers you receive throughout the game. That way you pile up a nice plethora of combos and movesets at your disposal which gives the combat system enough depth to not get boring. Not Devil May Cry-tier but still nice.In short: Do you love european medieval gothic art styles and are looking for an action game with nice visuals and somewhat meaty combat system? Try it. Also try the demo first. Just know that the demo only represents the very beginning of the game and is not really a good indictation of how fleshed out the game gets."
,Recommended,234080,21412331,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zorder skinhub.com,"As someone who has never played the old Castlevania games I went blind to Lords of Shadow. I didn’t knew anything about the story other than that it involved vampires. The only thing that made me buy the game in the first place was the huge amount of positive reviews. And, like I usually do, I waited until I got the other two Castlevania games on Steam to start playing the first one. A few hours into the game, I was having a blast.From top notch music to gorgeous and memorable locations such as forests, gothic castles, desert lands and ruins from an old civilization, this game has it all. Combined witha fast paced action combat (with tons of unlockable combos) this made for quite the epic experience. Although enemy variety was somewhat lacking, certain locaitons had a specific set of enemies assigned to it, thus making it harder to forget those zones. As for the gameplay itself, as I mentioned before, it is quite fast paced. You have to adapt to changes in the enemy behavior, aswell as bosses, and use a variety of attacks to effectively defeat your foes.The game itself is rather long, taking around 20-22 hours to play it through, which was rather a surprise for me. Of course, for all the completionists and collectible hunters out there, Lords of Shadow also has something in store for you. The game is divided in 12 chapters (+2 chapters corresponding to the DLC included in the Ultimate Edition), and each of those chapters is subsequently divided into several stages. It is in these stages that you’ll be able to explore and collect scrolls containing letters from fallen brethren of the Brootherhood of Light, and you’ll also be able to find gems that enhance your abilities. And if you’re into bigger challenges, you can try completing Trials for said stages which, I believe, reward you with an achievement. So yeah, not only the game is a blast on its foundations, but it also rewards exploration, which, in my book, is always a plus.Now, enough talking about all the good things this game has, and lets talk about my only gripe with the game, the controls, or perhaps my terrible skills at precision platforming in a 3D game. I swear that sometimes the game just made me want to shove the controller through my monitor (anger issues perhaps?). Very rare were these situations, but they were infuriating when they occurred. I honestly can’t tell you if it was an issue with the controls, like the inability to control with precisio where you want to land or if I’m just really bad at jumping from platform to platform in a 3D game.That said, I can’t recommend this game enough. It is an epic journey through some amazing landscapes and it has one of the most insane and thrilling soundtracks I’ve ever heard on a videogame. Please, do yourself a favour and do not keep Lords of Shadow on your backlog.I hope these words accomplish my intended goal, which was raising awareness for a series that I feel that went under the radar for alot of PC gamers. Or perhaps that is just me, afterall, I have never played the old Castlevania games and I only played this one three years after its release, maybe that’s why.PS: Sorry for the wall of text."
,Not Recommended,234080,8071959,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,SpaceCowboy,"As I long time fan of the Castlevania series, I was exstatic to see it come to PC!  However, much to my disappointment I found this game lacking and I would not recommend it.  Stubbornly, I finished the game.The good?  Great voice acting, extremely beautiful environments, good music, and a fair story.The bad?  Well, everything else.  My number one gripe is the fixed camera.  As you navigate through the levels, the camera arbitarily positions itself.  You have no control over it whatsoever.  As a result exploring the levels, or pitching the camera to get an ideal vantage point for battle or movement is completely prohibited.  The game almost feels like 2.5D.There is none of the exploration or freedom you feel in games like Symphony of the Night.  Levels are extremely linear.  They are no alternate routes, like Dishonored, and there are ton of invisible walls.Combat is a mixed bag.  I used my Xbox 360 controller, which I don't mind at all.  Sometimes combat is fun, but there's a lot to control towards the middle-end game.  Double tap an analog controller to sprint?!?  Crazy bad game design there.There's also a ton of quick time events, a la the action is paused and you have to hit a button at a precious moment.  Really takes you out of the action.I guess I was hoping for something between Dark Souls and Darksiders, but this game was far too restrictive in the controls for my tastes.  I'd rate it a 5/10, and highly suggest people try the demo before buying!UPDATE:I'm puzzled why people would consider my review anything other than my opinion subject to my own preferences and playstyle.  Of course my view is subjective, I bare no responsibility to review the game objectively as would a professional journalist.  If you find Castlevania: LoS to your liking, then my opinion should have no baring on your enjoyment of the game.  However, your opinion does not invalidate my own opinion, it's just that it's your opinion.I think strong comparisons could be made to this game with Darksiders.  They have similar combat systems, incentives to revisit levels to unlock more upgrades, and similar settings.  Personally, I thought Darksiders did a much better job executing an action/adventure game.  The first big win is a positional camera.  The second would be just the way you explore the world, while not an open world it just feels like you have more freedom to choose your path than Castlevania.  Castlevania also suffers from a lot of invisible walls unlike Darksiders, where a lot of the platforming is nearly risk free.Again, if you haven't purchased the game yet,I strongly suggest trying the demo first.  I have not played Devil May Cry or Metalgear Rising, which may serve as a more fair comparison.  Maybe this game does very well satisfying gamers who find that type of game appealing.  Again, as I haven't played them I don't know how Castlevania compares.The game was good enough to complete, but not good enough for me to recommend."
,Recommended,234080,32364941,Posted: 12 June,all,Boxcarpilot,"Excellent game! Very Very underrated, and I am sure the second part it is as well, nice story, puzzles, lore for each enemy, good graphics even today, . Recommeneded."
,Recommended,234080,12950755,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DaveBot,"[This is a no spoilers review]Oof, this game, I really have mixed feelings about it. It has some incredible visuals and the soundtrack is also pretty nice. The story is decent, but not particularly noteworthy - although the general lore is interesting, if you like arthurian legend and vampires.But in the end, everything in this game is a mix of ups and downs. It almost feels like they didn't really know how to make games, but tried their hands on it anyway, just to get a format for their ideas. So many rules are broken, design inconsistencies, introducing mechanics to people then suddenly they work differently ""just because."" It can be a really frustrating experience, and most of the game is absolutely riddled with invisible walls (every single level will have you go ""wait, I can't go there?""), plus the fact that you have no control over the camera.There's platforms and jumping puzzles all over the place, but all of it is completely on rails. For example: You can't jump out from a wall, if there's nothing to jump out to and grab. This is a sign of lazy design, where instead of working on adequately communicating when the users SHOULD jump, they just don't let them jump at all, if there's nothing to jump to. It might not sound like much, but it feels incredibly restrictive, with absolutely no illusion of freedom at all.You can find a lot of general inspirations in this game, but it's almost like it has no idea if what it wants to be. It's all brooding and dark, but then there's the occassional joke they crack up, completely out of context, leaving you feeling very awkward afterwards. Unfortunately, lacking narrative and mechanical identity, means that it never does anything but visuals and music properly. In here, you'll see strains of Devil May Cry mostly, with the occassional ""Shadow of the Colossus"" moments, which are often very poorly implemented, lengthy and frustrating.I usually play DMC with the difficulty all the way up, because it feels rewarding to progress, thanks to the fact that its rules of play are consistent. But for this game, I ended up turning down the difficulty; because Lords of Shadow is really hard, but in a very frustrating way, by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over its own rules from time to time. It takes all sense of user responsibility away, leaving you with no feeling of ""ouch that was my own fault, need to get better,"" but instead an ocean of ""WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!"" With ultimate edition especially, with the final boss in the extra chapters, they just end up going full retard, by telling you to ""watch the moves of the boss to avoid its attacks,"" while simultaneously forcing you to jump into the air where you can't dodge. There's about a fraction of a second for you to react, but if you're in a wrong position, you can get screwed hard and even stun-locked until you're dead. Not a nice experience.On the upside, at least, it is a pretty long game. If you want to stroll around and take in the environmental design, you'll be pleased to see just how varied the landscapes are.For the 25 euro asking price, I can't recommend it. However, if you ever see it on sale and want a lengthy, decently interesting experience, you should probably give this game a look. Just don't expect a very polished experience.[Edit]: Oh yeah, just thought that I'd add the fact, that despite the really stupid moments this game has, the rest of it still made well enough up for it, for me to sit through nearly 20 hours and completing the story. It's not a terrible game, but it's not amazing either. It just has content from both ends of the spectrum.Oh and for god's sake Gabriel, there is such a thing as too many dramatic pauses when you speak!"
,Recommended,234080,1075830,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Timkins,"When I first played this for Xbox 360 back in 2011, I fell in love instantly.  The gameplay, graphics, and music meshes together perfectly.  The soundtrack is one of  the best I've ever heard for any game.  Big thumbs up to Oscar Araujo for it.  There is incredible detail put into every level!The game is decently long too.  It doesn't feel like it gets old either.  The levels are refreshing and there are a ton of boss fights.  There isn't really any ingenuity in the gameplay- I've seen it all elsewhere, but that's fine with me.  As long as it doesn't fail-  which it does not.I honestly think this game should've gotten Game of the Year back in 2011, instead of Skyrim.  I was extremely excited to re-purchase this for PC and cannot wait for the sequel!Rating: 5/5"
,Recommended,234080,7800045,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Somberlain,"Fantastic game.Excellent voice acting, soundtrack and the overall sound design is meaty.Visuals are nothing but stunning, some of the best looking set pieces to be had. The fixed camera positioning can be annoying at times but most of the time it will not hinder any game play.The combat is very satisfying with a large number of combos and items which all can be combined with Light and Dark magic to aid you versus your foes.Rather than having tons of enemies attacking you at once there are fewer and stronger enemies compared to other games of the genre.The overall difficulty can be pretty tough at times, so be prepared to die a couple of times at the higher difficulties.This is especially true for the DLC's that are included.All in all this is a gem of a game."
,Recommended,234080,23138132,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tom,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadows is an action adventure game, developed by MercurySteam and published by Konami Digital Entertainment. Releasing in August 2013 on PC, Xbox 360 and PS3. The game is set in South Europe during the Middle ages. This was a reboot of the Castlevania series, where you play as Gabriel and you follow his quest to revive his wife.Gameplay is played from a third person perspective. Your main weapon consists of a retractable chain, and you can learn up to forty different combos to use in the hack and slash combat system. As you progress through the story mode, you will learn new abilities along the way, as well as picking up new unique pieces of equipment which boast uses in both combat and non-combat situations. Gabriel will learn how to muster magical powers of light and dark. Light powers enable the player to heal any damage taken in fights by hitting enemies, whilst dark allows the player to deal extra damage. You are able to renew these magic powers by hitting a high string of attacks together without being interrupted, which will release magic orbs for you to collect. You will encounter tons of different types of enemies, from trolls, zombies, and spider’s right the way up to gigantic titans. Each enemy has their own strength and weakness which you will be able to use to your advantage.The boss fights throughout the game are some of the most intense scenes I have played in a game. Each boss has multiple different phases of fight, each requiring you to act in a different way. The titan boss fights are long processes which normally also require an element of platforming. These can become a little bit of a pain when you first start out the game as you are still learning how to use all of the mechanics but by the last titan boss fight, it shouldn’t pose any problems for a veteran titan killing machine.Whilst the game does have an element of platforming in a few boss fights, the game also has small amounts of platforming included throughout the story mode too. Of course jumping puzzles are always going to be my biggest enemy, and sadly they also make an appearance and are as frustrating as usual.Graphically, Lords of Shadows is stunning; it is difficult to think that this game was released in 2013. It looks gorgeous. The cut scenes are almost a step down in graphical fidelity compared to the in game graphics. There is a huge different in how the game looks on PC compared to the consoles though. Animations throughout the game are all fluid and perfectly designed too. The sound effects are spot on, with some brilliant voice acting to be heard also from the likes of Patrick Stuart.The game has various levels of difficulty, and you can also change them on the fly. The easy mode is essentially just a way to see the story as the combat poses no real threat. Paladin mode is the game’s hard-core mode, where enemies are more dangerous and Gabriel is significantly weaker than usual. This will add an extra layer of replay ability to a game that already boasts over twenty five hours of content. On top of the lengthy story mode, each stage also has a “trial” for you to complete as well, these can be simple tasks such as completing the stage in less than a specified amount of time, or more challenging such as not being able to use your magic’s throughout the stage.I initially thought I would be able to play the game on 4k resolution given the age of the title, but unfortunately, I was not able to, not because my rig was not powerful enough, but because when setting the resolution to anything over 1080p, the screen in game began to flicker violently – this required a hard reboot of my system before I was able to get back into the game to change the settings back to 1080p. I would also strongly recommend people play this game on a controller; it plays perfectly on an Xbox controller and the keyboard controls would just become a huge chore to anyone regardless of their skill.Overall, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is an underrated title that is definitely well worth your time in checking out. The game’s price tag of £19.99 is perfectly matched at the game’s length and production values. Fans of the series will be pleased with the amount of lore and plenty of tributes to older instalments in the franchise.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghere.You may also be interested in checking out a PC gaming podcast, be sure to headhere.http://store.steampowered.com/app/234080"
,Recommended,234080,22658717,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,chocophobia,Great game.  Distracted me from my crippling depression and many other stressful aspects of my life that I should probably not be distracted from.Highly recommend.
,Recommended,234080,7764764,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Berserk,"I highly recommend this game. I was not sure what to expect at first but I fell in love with the combat and the story was well done. I could see some having issues with the lack of camera control so if your super picky about that, it might be an issue for you. If you see this on sale and like action adventure games, grab it and see what you have been missing!"
,Recommended,234080,9232460,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Miyumi Ayase,"NOTE: Two primary complaints people have is that this game was either 1. ""Not old school and therefor not a real Castlevania game"" or 2. ""God of War Clone"". I have played only one other Castlevania game (Symphony of the Night) and have never played any God of War title therefore I'm reviewing this BASED ON MY OWN EXPERIENCE.INTRODUCTION:Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a reboot of the classic Castlevania series. Originally released back in 2010 on the consoles. It finally made its way to the PC 3 YEARS later. This version includes all the previous DLC releases.You play as Gabriel Belmont, a member of the Brotherhood of Light who is on a quest to end the reign of darkness and avenge the murder of his wife Marie. In your struggle against the Lords of Shadow, will Gabriel fall victim to the very evil he seeks to destroy?PROS:+ Sound: -This game has some of the best musical score I have heard in a video game. As a bonus, the game also boasts superior voice acting from the cast. Robert Carlyle's Scottish accent gives Gabriel Belmot a unique and awesome voice. Sir Patrick Stewart brings his top notch signature voice playing as Belmont's friend and senior.+ Graphics: -The 1080p support for the PC does wonders for the game. It looks much sharper than the console counter part with very detailed and high quality textures, followed by a breath taking world and scenery. Animation quality is fluid and enemy variation is plenty. My only complaint is that the graphics option and customization is severely lacking.+ Story: -I like the story, easy enough to understand, complex enough to not be boring. Like a TV series, the end of a chapter makes me want to know whats going to happen next.+ Puzzles: -The puzzles in this game are either stupid or smart. Luckily for us, the smart puzzles are challenging and satisfying to solve specially without the help of guides. I do hate the fact that the game will allow you to spend experience points to automatically solve the puzzle for you.CONS:- Camera: -This game has the WORST camera I have ever experienced, a camera so determined to make you look at the scenery rather than the combat. 75% of my deaths came from falling off the edge during the platforming sections because I can't see where I'm supposed to jump, or unseen enemies lurking behind the FIXED camera angle who you won't be able to dodge or block because they are outside your effective sight range.- Auto-targeting: -Aside from the camera, this game also has one bad auto-targeting system. Your character will end up having the tendency to attack pottery or statues, rather than the three warewolves that are biting your face off, all because the pottery was the closest target from you.CONCLUSION:GOOD GAME AND A GOOD BUY. Definitely worth your time specially if you're looking for a narrative driven story.Although I'm sure some of the hardcore and die hard old school Castlevania fans disagree. For me, who likes, but is not an avid fan of the original games, find Castlevania: Lords of Shadow to be a very good game in its own right.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/"
76561198103346917,Recommended,234080,12698195,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,xmaster13ag,Great action hack and slash game!Amazing voice acting and unforgettable soundtrack. Good combat system and epic boss-battles. Excellent level desing and interesting puzzles. Wonderful story and majestic characters.9/10
,Recommended,234080,19783018,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,geøstigma,"Funny thing is that when I first tried this game on its release date is that I liked the gameplay and story setting but was unable to fully enjoy it because the static camera bugged me a lot so I gave up. Later, for reasons unknown, I decided that this game deserves a second chance (mostly because I heard that Hideo Kojima was on the project. Take that Konami!). I'm so glad I did that ^^Castlevania: Lords Of Shadow is now without a doubt, one of the best action adventure games that I have ever played and definitely in my top 5, maybe even top 3 (haven't really gave it that much thought) of the most beautiful and artistic games I ever saw! Just browse through my screenshots and you will see what I mean. I sometimes finished a session with over 20 screens that I just HAD to take, unable to resist the call of f12 because the game looks so f***in amazing! Every scene in this game is polished to the max with so many beautiful details and every 3rd scene is breathtaking and calls for a screenshot. If you like eyecandy, that's reason enough to play this game but there is so much more to it. The beautiful scenery and fixed camera angle really made me start loving that fixed camera and continue playing with enjoyment.- As for the gameplay, its simply brilliant. This is one fine example of console games that the PC audience has the privilege to play. Its action packed with varieties of different enemies and by variety I mean around 40 different enemy types if I'm not mistaken that are all quite unique both in appearance(and by that I don't mean just retexture of the same model) and required combat approach but, fear not, they have the numbers but you have the combos. There are so many combos that you can master and use to battle these creatures and the game actually encourages you to learn and master all of these by incorporating a combo gauge system that fills up and rewards you with magical orbs the longer you combo, the more diversity you use in your battles and as long as you do not take any damage. And if that isn't enough for you, you have two unique alternate stances that give unique finishers and damage properties to your existing moves as well as 4 types of gadgets at your disposal. Pretty hardcore, right :)- Once you take down a pack of werewolves or grind to dust a band of skeletons warriors that just refuse to die and keep respawning, you will frequently find yourself solving all kinds of puzzles. Now, this is a 50-50. Some people will love it, I know I did, but then again, some people will hate it and to those who don't like the puzzle and adventure aspect and prefer to focus mainly on combat, I strongly suggest getting Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Revengence instead. From what I understand, puzzle solving has always been a part of Castlevania games and I am really glad that they decided to keep that gameplay aspect. Puzzles are not really challenging but will sway your thought off of monsters and challenge your mind a bit, rather than reflexes. It feels natural to have this aspect in a game with a theme as this one, but I know that people will be split in two groups when it comes to this so consider yourselves warned puzzle haters.- Last but not least (somehow I write that in pretty much every review) we have these amazing boss battles. I left them as the last topic since they incorporate all of the above. Bosses are like puzzles that you have to battle. Big, massive, challenging and beautifully thought and designed puzzle/battles(I'm sure older gamers will know what I mean). It is not a simple matter of beating them senseless, you will have to figure out how and when to hurt them. Some stages will require you to do environmental interactions or provoke a boss to strike at a specific spot so you can... well, do stuff to them. I don't wanna go into too many details since its kind of a spoiler but, rest assured that these are super cool and very memorable.*Anyone familiar with the game Shadow of Colossus will find a coupe of these battles to look very similar to some of the Colossus(If you have no idea what I just said, I am really sorry for you and the best comfort I can offer is the insight that the Shadow of Colossus can in fact be played on PC. Browse the web and you'll find what I'm talking about)*- There is also one more thing worth mentioning. Its a Complete Edition meaning that it has a DLC and extra stuff added. The DLC is not that great but its not bad, I'm just saying that compared to the main game, it doesn't seem that well thought and balanced and my guess is that they made it hastily just so that they can open the gates for the sequel to follow(which I am playing as I write this and all I can say for now is: Holy sh*it this game is awesome!)Also, let me just compare it to Darksiders 1 and the original Devil May Cry 1(save for the backtracking, there's none in Castlevania since its a linear, level based progression system), its very similar to those games and chances are, if you liked those, you will most likely like Castlevania: Lords of Shadow too. As for my recommendation, its already pretty clear. Go for it!"
76561198044917795,Recommended,234080,32840314,Posted: 26 June,all,Pale Caesar,"Enjoyable game that deliberately and blatantly rips off the best ideas from other action games out there. Nothing wrong with that, though, as it maintains solid gameplay and controls. The music is pretty good, too, especially the track that plays in the final boss battle.One bit of disappointment here: the DLC, which is crucial to the overall story of the series, seemed to have no budget whatsoever, and you find yourself watching subpar still artwork instead of in-game graphical cutscenes. For such an important part of the game, it's a pretty bad sin to offer it as such an afterthought. Beyond this, though, I enjoyed it and I think fans of action games like God of War will too."
,Recommended,234080,15150097,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nerd House,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow Ultimate Edition came to PC after a successful debut on Xbox 360 and PS3. Although a re-release, this version is special in a few ways that make it a good buy. However, there was a specific purpose that was in mind with this edition.The story follows Gabriel Belmont, a member of the Brotherhood of Light, in his quest to revive his murdered wife. With the help of the mythical God, Pan, Gabriel journeys through various lands to kill the Lords of Shadow; three powerful demons responsible for a spell that has cut off God's connection to the world. After defeating each member of the Lords of Shadow and some lesser bosses, Gabriel gains various armours and medallions that grant extra moves and powers while also upgrading his Combat Cross, a weaponized chain whip – the main weapon. There are twists and turns with plenty of cinematics and dialogue which keep Castlevania very much story orientated. Gameplay is very similar to titles such as God of War and Dante's Inferno, with a third person view and jumping, dodging, blocking and parrying, grabs and button mashing and timing grapples, all playing their respective roles in combat and level progression that is smooth and intense. Base enemies vary in difficulty and tactics, with each enemy type having their own signature moves and fighting styles so there is no 'upgraded bad guy with the same moves as the last one' going on. Each area has its own minions who will not likely appear anywhere else, so combat is kept fresh. There are lots of combos that can be learned, some of which can only be used when certain extra abilities are activated. These combos also help to keep things fresh as many enemies will not be affected the same way by the same combo or move; where as one is stunned by a ground-pound, another will shrug it off. There are such a large number of combos and moves that a player will likely find the few they like the most and stick to those. A complaint from some, the large volume of moves at least gives wiggle room for alternative play styles.Boss fights focus on a cinematic approach rather than straight forward smash 'n slash beat downs. As with the previously mentioned titles, the aim is to take down a small amount of health with standard fighting then, when the boss becomes vulnerable, tired, or fooled into running headlong in to a wall, must be grabbed or will recover most, if not all, of the health that had been taken away. When grabbed, a series of timed inputs, or rapid mashing, will take the player through a preset sequence of blows and recapitulates that, if successful, will break down the boss bit by bit until, finally, a longer and more engrossing sequence will play out for the ending death blows. These sequences are well planned out and show some imaginative choreography, however, the player will most likely miss many of the subtleties in these sequences as the inputs will be the main focus. Environment design is an important part in the immersion of any visual art. Castlevania has some of the best level and environment design out at the moment. Large, sweeping castles, forests, tundras, and canyons, titantic towers, spires, mountains, cliffs, huge and dilapidated stone warriors strewn about in aimless deaths, all and more immerse the player in a world of gigantic beings and powers. The sheer size of many places shows the great feats that Gabriel will have to overcome both physically and mentally if he is to succeed.Castlevania also demands the player climb and jump through the level in order to progress. Many, if not all, of the environments have obstacles and areas that can only be surpassed and reached, respectively, by climbing. Ledges, of course, are the primary mode of this form of transportation. The Combat Cross also comes in to play as convenient branches of wood and stone, embedded rungs in walls, and broken turrets can be latched on to and used as an anchor to ascend, descend, and swing on.Set in to the level design is the regular appearance of puzzles that must be solved in order to continue. These puzzles are usually story relevant with only a rare few being put simply to confound the player with abstract riddle. These puzzles can be simple manoeuvring challenges which rely on the players quick and nimble controller movements, to logical conundrums and riddles that must be understood first before the pieces may be moved in to their correct places. There is a wide variety of these puzzles that occur on a regular basis and whose completion gains experience. These puzzles can be solved instantly if a scroll on which a hint and description of the puzzle is found. The side-stepped puzzle does not give out an experience bonus, though, so the challenges are well worth the time they take while also giving an out for the particularly stubborn ones.What this re-release offers as extras in its Ultimate Edition is reason enough to buy. Lords of Shadow is now soaked in magnificent drawn and painted representations of every enemy type, boss, and character. Once met, a notification will show and the games menu will direct the player to the amazingly detailed pencil portraits depicting the enemy or friendly along with a description and a visual representation of its defences and weaknesses, where applicable. Points can also be saved and spent in an Extras menu in which concept art, storyboards, and painted level designs can be accessed after the completion of their respective chapter. These drawings and paintings are indeed works of art and any fans of the Castlevania series, dev team, or any aspiring and established artists will find these pieces both beautiful and technically sound.The jewel of the proverbial crown, however, is the DLC. Reverie and Redemption, two extra chapters that lead through the aftermath of the Lords of Shadow storyline, take us to the desolate castle of the defeated vampiric Lord of Shadow where more events unfold that inevitably set up the story for Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2. This Ultimate Edition does not just give what was already given, but adds to it with upgraded graphics and beautiful and interesting additional content. The foundation of such a strong revamp of a classic series to the modern action-adventure genre quiets most complaints and comments right off the bat. Those who have played or are interested in Lords of Shadow know what they will be getting. If one was looking forward to the sequel, this Ultimate Edition brings the player up to speed all for one price. On a personal note, I very much enjoyed this Castlevania and am looking forward to finishing the next one!Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,234080,13438568,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"The Ultimate Edition of 2010's Castlevania: Lords of Shadow packages the complete game with both DLC packs and greatly improved visuals, all for a stellar price.Players jump into the red robes of a holy warrior named Gabriel Belmont, who is a member of the Brotherhood of Light, a group of protectors who keep the civilians safe from the supernatural infestation that goes on in the world of Castlevania.Gabriel is armed with the Combat Cross, a holy cross with a deadly embedded whip that acts suspiciously similar to Kratos’ Blades of Chaos/Athena.  Gabriel has access to various moves that work the use of heavy and light attacks to chain together combos.The beginning of the game is an awful demonstration for Lords of Shadow’s combat as it starts by offering the player the most basic moves. It’s not until a few hours in, where you’re pulling enemies in and pulling off ridiculous combos combined with Gabriel’s magic that you appreciate the diversity on offer with the combat. It’s not on par with something specialised like Bayonetta, but the game offers deep and varied enough combat that it feels satisfying for the people that want to do just more than mash a few buttons.Magic is very important in Lords of Shadow and early in the game you’re given your first taste of it through the light magic, which when activated and used in combat will gradually refill Gabriel’s health bar with each hit of the Combat Cross. Later in the game the shadow magic becomes available, adding extra strength to each attack.What I really love about Lords of Shadow is how the developers have incorporated the weapons and magic into the game’s platforming and puzzle solving. Nearly every tool is used at points throughout the game. The ability to double jump is worked in by having longer jump sections, which are often mixed with the use of the sprinting boots that allow Gabriel to jump greater distances. The gauntlet is used to punch objects to move them across areas or to activate switches, shadow magic is used with a shoulder charge to smash through weak walls, and the hidden chain in the Combat Cross is used to cut down stone obstacles.Lords of Shadow also looks mighty impressive on the PC.The amazing character models, comprehensive texture work and environmental artistry by the team at MercurySteam are on full display. Textures are sharp, extremely detailed and really help make the Gothic nature of Lords of Shadow come out at its fullest, even holding up well for PC standards.If you’re a PC gamer who has never played Castlevania: Lords of Shadow or a hardcore fan that is looking to replay the game you should certainly pick up the PC version."
76561198050434471,Not Recommended,234080,8776012,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,celbrion,"Castlevania name, a forsaken world in darkness, creatures of vampires, werewolves and countless undeads, gothic castles and horrific landscapes.What could possibly go wrong for such a game?Well, everyting except for a few, for this game. This game is a shining example of how not to do an action adventure game.First, I will give the pros. Voices and some good, gothic landscapes, occasionally the music.I am not good at this kind of beat'em up games, I've to admit. Though I completed many similar games, like God of War series, I even completed the Bayonetta! Gameplay mechanics of this game is a piece of crap compared to those games.Dark side and light side magic activation is a huge failure. You beat up the creatures, you get some orbs and you choose which magic to fuel up. Fueling up the magic is incredibly slow while consuming is incredibly fast. Besides why do I have two kinds of magic? Why not combine them? Why it takes soooo long to fuel them up? Bad design. Very bad design.Skill combos are poorly selected and they have the worst key combination I have ever seen in such a game. God damn it, even a million times complex Bayonetta has more plain key combinations for combos!Double tap the analog to run fast. Have you lost your mind? What kind of gameplay design is this? Developers have serious issues here...Combat. You play an action adventure, which is actually a beat'em up game. Combat gotta be brutal, right? See God of War? You shake the bones of your enemies, rip them apart. But in this game, you feel like you are tickling enemies with your chaines. Your blows do INCREDIBLE low damage. WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!? You grab an enemy, you WAIT for a f-word button sequence to complete the action sequence. Why not auto-execute immediately like other games? Why force the player to wait in the middle of the combat? Combining the poorly implemented combos, combat is miserable for a game in this genre.Ridiculous puzzles. Well, not all of them are ridiculous. But some of them are so bad, you think like ""What the hell am I doing by playing this game?"". See the scarecrow puzzle and music box puzzle, which are played sequentially. RIDICULOUS is not enough to describe them.F. this game.We got Soul Reaver series back in the time. Those were the games. Proper action adventures. Not this technologically advanced piece of crap.I highly NOT recommend this game. You should stay away from this abomination. If you like action adventure games, Darksiders 1 and Darksiders 2 are on the Steam. Those are fantastic games, and it will be a shame if I compare them to this game. Whatever this game represents in the negative way for modern action advention genre, Darksiders represent the positive way.2/10"
76561197970250774,Not Recommended,234080,8053296,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,thethingupstairs,"A standard high budget in depth game, but ultimately not worth the time.Gameplay:A large plethora of abilities, mounts and mini-games, in the end amounting to tedium. Some great enemies you need to learn to beat; a few good bosses, but several repetitive and unimaginitive ones.Climbing structures lacked grace and enjoyment (delayed actions and no fluidity); path was on strict rails, sometimes being able to grapple hundreds of meters, sometimes 5. Best way was to let the game steer you in the direction it wanted. Going off the path to explore generally resulted in invisible barriers or death.Story:Above average, but not outstanding. Some good voice acting, and Patrick Stewart (whose character looks like Sean Connery) was a nice addition. It was enough to keep me playing when I wanted to uninstall the game.Summary:I would recommend playing any of the soul reaver series or even darksiders instead. Not a complete waste of time, but be ready for some anger management."
,Recommended,234080,12826675,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ahoymehearties,"I've played this game from start to finish three times now, and I still am awed several times while playing. This is a work of art. The 2d backgrounds are breathtaking, and the implementation into the 3d world makes them even more majestic. Add in one of the best soundtracks in games, and pretty durned good gameplay, and you've got a classic. It doesn't even need to be a good game with the looks and sounds it has, but it's fortunate that it is."
76561197968514473,Recommended,234080,9490424,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Meat-King©®,"“This night a warrior will come. A knight in shining armor with death at his side. He comes for you, creatures of the night!”Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a great action-adventure experience with a mature and deep storytelling. The immersive atmosphere profits on the one hand from the beautiful soundtrack and top-notch voice acting, and on the other hand from the inspiring level and monster design. Another strength is the balance between combat and puzzle sections that leave no room for boredom.Originally released for consoles in fall 2010 this game has two shortcomings in form of a fixed camera and bad auto-targeting system, that results in a lot of problems during combat stages and explorative sections.Trivia:This game is actually a reboot to the Castlevania franchise, as the original title was released for the Nintendo Gaming System in 1987.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +40 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 47Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561197969560563,Recommended,234080,12818409,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Captain Mumpitz,"If you don't expect something similar to the 2D-Castlevania games, you're getting a great ton of fun for your money here. The levels are quite linear with a few sideways for exploration, the action is fast and intense - as long as you agree on doing some quick-time-events from time to time.Story is ok, graphics are nice, voice-over is top-notch and the value is pretty good. I spent a total of 26 hours untill I finished the whole game including both DLCs and I've never been bored.If you fancy some good old God of War Action based on a fantasy mid-age setting, this is definately worth a look."
76561198080534140,Recommended,234080,12576396,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Akrabbim,"The naysayers will tell you that this game is just another ripoff of God of War.  What it is, in reality, is a masterpiece which combines some of the best elements of the Castlevania series with an improved version of the fantastic combat system pioneered in God of War.  The combat system is simple in premise, but complicated to master; challenging, but not unfair.  The addition of a magic system (which later God of War games attempted to replicate) for extra damage or health corrects the irritating lack of healing in God of War without making the combat any easier.  The story is remarkably compelling, the voice acting is superb, and the majority of the characters have considerable depth.  If you're a fan of Castlevania, you'll love the visuals and the new way to fight old enemies.  If you're a fan of God of War, you'll love the more nuanced combat system and the new enemies.  If you're not a fan of either, you might well be after playing this game."
,Recommended,234080,9876626,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,๖ƊǺ҉ƝŦĘㄨ山本 武,Awesome gameGood storyExcellent graphicsYou will need a lot of patience and nerves if you use keyboard and mouse....huge problems with circular rotations and constant problems with delays of motions.Just use gamepad =)
,Recommended,234080,28211786,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,WishGate,"It's a nice take on the Castlevania series. It's nice to get back into that universe, the lore is nice, the abilities are fine, the levels are okay .... It's just a shame that this game suffers so much from the Devil May Cry syndrome : cameras are always badly placed, and switching from camera to camera will make your controls feel broken and make you completely unable to aim properly. If you're okay with enduring that, then the game will surely be fine for you."
,Recommended,234080,25820779,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Spider3,"Old Castlevania player here, started on NES/SNES.I played almost all of them. I was sceptical to try my first ""3D"" Castlevania.I started it a day I was bored, got it on sale. After a while, my reaction seeing all those combos was  ""Oh no, another typical 3d buttons smashing game"", didn't feel at all like any other castlevania I played, and i stopped playing after half hour.Then, months after, I decided to give a second try to it (also because I was tempted from sales about LoS2).And after I got used that this game is actually different from the Castlevania I used to know - I started appreciating it. Because this game is simply beautifully crafted. The music, the voice acting, the extreme details they put in every level, the wide different range of mobs and bosses, the characters, the story - everything merges in a perfectly balanced cocktail of elements, making this game a must-to-play for every Castlevania fans and not.I have now 40 hours gameplay and still at chapter 5 (ok, i lost pretty much time because I wanted to complete all level at 100% - but the challange was too tedious for me to enjoy the game properly on the first play time) - and greatly enjoying the story and levels that are really unique and different each other.Would buy again even at full price  ;)"
76561198033487878,Not Recommended,234080,22692766,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,WithFieryTruth,"Been a huge Castlevania fan for years and figured I'd finally give this one a go since I heard it has a pretty decent story, but although I tried hard to enjoy it, I simply couldn't. That said, I still finished the game because I wanted to experience said story, but this will be the first and last time I ever play this game.Boss battles are way too gimmicky and often rely on you climbing around and sh*t rather than actually fighting.The climbing itself is also kinda badly implemented, with the character just ignoring grapple commands every so often, ending up in me falling to my death.Oh, and the developer seem to really enjoy the concept of having the player actively pull a crank only to be interrupted by enemies when you're 80% done so you have to beat them and then do everything over again. That's happened 10-or-so times.The biggest issue by far though is the camera. Who in their right mind uses preset camera angles in a third person game nowadays rather than giving the players control of it? There's a reason most developers have moved on from that formula.There are also some pretty annoying bugs in the game, and if you keep reading, I'll give you an example.(minor spoilers ahead)I was searching for the last fairy in chapter 3 for quite a while (managed to miss that I could use the crank on a second gate), found it and went back to the ground floor to open up the fairy door. As usual, the gates before it had closed, so I turned the crank, some werewolves ambushed me and destroyed it, and then after I beat them, all my fairies were gone and I had to collect them all again.Unless you're a diehard Castlevania fan who wants to play this game for the story, don't waste your money and time on it."
76561197974903054,Not Recommended,234080,17620567,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Stranger,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. Unfortunately, this could function as a case study on what's wrong with modern AAA action games. It's a tedious, boring, borderline insulting mess. It's a prime example of style over substance and spectacle over gameplay, which felt more like a standardized test than a game.To give credit where credit is due, much of the artwork is beautiful and some of the voice acting is solid, particularly with Patrick Stewart. Which just makes it sadder that everything else is so awful.This game is absolutely infested with quicktime events. They're everywhere. Apparently they'd rather not have those pesky players get in the way of their flashy spectacle. So instead of making, you know, gameplay, they'll just tell us when to press what button.The combat is a dull experience. There's a system of earning points which you can spend special attacks made up of arbitrary button combinations, none of which are worth your time to commit to memory. Fights are boring and time consuming.Camera angles are always fixed, there's no looking where you want to look or aligning your view to make platforming or combat more practical. The game just sort of herds you from one section to the next with the camera. There's nothing wrong with linear games, but this feels less like a linear path, and more like the a series of check boxes.The story is mostly delivered through exposition dumps, and it isn't very interesting. I didn't care what happened to any of the characters.The keyboard controls are poor, and I don't just mean the default bindings are bad, though they most assuredly are. I mean things like the game more than once expecting you to mimic the rotation of an analog stick with the directional keys, or the fact that the jump button won't work if you're moving diagonally by holding two directional keys. Controller support is sketchy, despite the description of ""full controller support"". Mine wouldn't work at all.The whole thing is just such a tedious chore of a game. Don't waste your time, not even if it's on sale for cheap."
,Not Recommended,234080,34129879,Posted: 9 August,all,Lasersloth,"In my 3 decades of gaming, never have I wished so hard that a game would just END.  Many of the mechanics and conventions in Lords of Shadow have not held up over time, turning what could have been an enjoyable Castlevania-Lite experience into an exercise in tedium.On the positive side, the story and production value is top notch.  The graphics are outstanding.  The characters are relatively intriguing and have interesting visual designs.  The environments are detailed and varied.  The musical arrangement is appropriately epic. The in-game and bonus artwork is great.  Some of the boss battles are entertaining.  Combat feels decent, if somewhat overblown.The main negative is pacing.  This game is overly long by a huge, huge margin.  There are 3 interchanging gameplay conventions here: Platforming, puzzles, and combat.  By the halfway mark, I was rolling my eyes when presented with yet another slog session for any of the three.Platforming cribs heavily from Prince of Persia and Shadow of the Colossus, but lacks those titles' precision and fluidity. You will get extremely frustrated with the inaccuracy of your double jumps and the clunkiness of Gabriel's clambering.Puzzles seem to have been contracted out to the Umbrella Corporation.  You will push pillars into slots, fit levers into crank mechanisms, and fetch all manner of key and bauble to unlock gates or move platforms.  Rarely will you be able to do this, though, before first clearing out rooms and rooms and rooms of enemies.Combat is almost entirely comprised of ""defeat all enemies in room"".  Here Konami channeled (copied) God of War, in giving you direct and area attacks that can be linked together in a million unnecessary ways via purchaseable combos.  I say unnecessary because it's incredibly difficult to consistently land most of these combos due to the amount of onscreen enemies and their lack of hit stun.  Your combo strings will be constantly interrupted either by a monster blowing right through your attacks or by multiple enemies overwhelming you, leaving you to rely for much of the game on your initially provided mash combos. The game's parry system feels slipshod, due to fixed camera angles that are often so zoomed out that it's difficult to distinguish the telegraphing of enemy attacks. There is also the standard God of War ""grapple stunned enemy for QTE finishing cinematic"", which gets old incredibly quickly and breaks combat flow, but is necessary for finishing off many larger enemies.The story attempts to retcon Castlevania canon by setting up Dracula as something of an anti-hero.  Traditionalists might take issue with this. Personally, I didn't mind.  It would, however, be inaccurate to call the narrative an ""arc"".  I won't belabor the point, but suffice to say that the game climaxes in you DEFEATING SATAN, and then inexplicably tosses you back into yet another arduous platforming/puzzle/combat grind for three more chapters.  This is in order to explain, as an afterthought,  the most critical plot point of the entire game while squaring you off against a theretofore unknown Generic Armor Guy boss.Overall, I can't recommend it. Maybe if you're strapped for cash, and incredibly bored, this game will give you your ""money's worth"" with its multiple layers of padding. For those of us who have less time to game nowadays due to real life obligations, it will be just another unfinished title mocking you from your backlog."
,Recommended,234080,23666654,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nice Cube,"Pretty difficult game. Also pretty fun. Feels good to smash little gremlins with the combos, and so far all the bosses have been impressive. Some bosses seem to me ripped straight from Shadow of the Colossus, you climb up them and stab some weak point while they try to shake you off. Still enjoyable and definitely cool to scale an enemy about 1000 times as big as your character.Never played other games like this really but I recommend if you like Dark Souls. The decision to roll or block/parry will be familiar to you (and maybe reduce learning curve), although this game is much faster paced and less open with exploration."
,Recommended,234080,8668544,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BL33D,"Wow... What a beautiful game! It has all of the elements of the series retelling the story starting with Gabriel Belmont. At first glance, you would think, ""Where is this going?"" It has a story to tell as you traverse the landscape visiting areas such as Veros Woods (Castlevania 2 NES) Plently of puizzles to solve and a very unbique but incredible combat style. The mouse and keyboard can prove tricky in getting through, soI would recommend utilizing an XBOX 360 controller. Any controller will do, but this works best until Steams controller becomes available!I was surprised by the enemies and the complexity of some of the battles but I was more in awe of the cutscenes and its world. I would highly recommend this game to anyone! Please take a look at my screenshots but please be aware of spoilers contained in the shots!"
76561197970483064,Not Recommended,234080,20490172,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mars,"Where to start? This game has problems. It's not that it's riddled with bugs or anything. I just truly didn't enjoy the overall gameplay experience of Lords of Shadow. Everything felt tedious, monotonous, and/or adding artificial length to the game through grueling repetition. For example: The Chupacabra enemy is in my opinion a completely unnecessary addition in what is already a linear game. It will steal your 'gear' and force you to chase it into a section of the level in order to get it back - and serve no other purpose.3d Vision - Required a patch from Helix Mod for acceptable 3d presentation. However, it's worth noting that this rejuvenated the last quarter of the game for me. I wouldn't have finished it were it not for a third party gimmick.Gameplay - The gameplay is a mixed bag for Castevania: LOS.While combat isn't necessarily hard (or varied) - it's often plagued with problems stemming from either the camera. The camera is locked in place and limits your view. This usually means you're going to be hit by an enemy who wasn't in frame by either an unblockable attack or an attack that's too quick for you to have dodged in reasonable time.  This sounds manageable, however, the high damage from the lowliest of monsters quickly turns that notion on it's head.The puzzles, while plentiful and occasionaly good, are tedious and unforgiving. The developers had enough foresight to include a ""skip puzzle"" function at the price of exp points you would normally gain from completion. Sadly, this does not in fact skip the puzzle. Rather, it shows you the solution to the puzzle you did not want to do - forcing you to still trudge through it.The platforming is sloppy. I was frequently left with no idea where to go because it wasn't clearly defined in some fashion and simply suffered loss of life or death for it.Graphics - Pretty. Environments are skillfully crafted with lovely architecture you probably won't be able to enjoy because you can't move the camera. Everything is stylized in a kind of neoclassical gothic amalgam that turns out quite lovely. Character models do look a bit over stylized, though (long necks for example).Story - Really liked it.... um... until the last part. It felt very tacked on (as many sections of the game feel) in order to make the playtime longer. Otherwise a good fun story for the setting.Conclusion - Playing this game felt like I was doing homework so I could go play outside. It was just plain boring and took forever. Watching it would have been a much better experience. So, if it's on sale and you really really want to see if you can power through the game... Well, I still have to recommend you don't. Wow.Watch someone else play it."
76561197978738456,Not Recommended,234080,10739424,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Caw,Tries too hard to be God of War and Shadow of the Colossus while still attempting to be a Castlevania title.  It fails at all three.
,Recommended,234080,23617639,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"Damn is this game awesome. I really like the story, including the somewhat predictable twist, the combat was awesome, and the design was really solid. The mechanics were great, the level design never got too frustrating like many fighting games, and it all just works. If you like the world of castlevania, fighting games, or mythology, this game is totally up your alley."
,Recommended,234080,22563392,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Belmont,"First off, I'm a huge fan of the Castlevania series.   So that foundation may color my opinion of this game and it's ensuing interquel and sequel (which I'm currently in the midst of).  Something about medieval through Enlightment era Europe with a heavy gothic/baroque aesthetic, corrupted through dark forces that threaten the world?  Awesome.  Tons of monsters pulling on a multitude of inspiration from the myth cycles of antiquity through the modern Universal monsters?  Yes, please.Konami struck gold initially by creating these dark adventures that took a quite serious tone for the early Nintendo systems, offering a beefy challenge of vintage Nintendo difficulty through several increasingly impressive platformer games.  They then evolved into the famed Metroidvanias with the release of Symphony of the Night on the Playstation - trading a bit of the reflex-intensive difficulty for massive sprawling environments that took forever to explore and fully unlock - and followed this formula with several excellent installments on Nintendo's handhelds where they found their most sustainable home and success through the late 2000's.  Then Konami, sensing the increasingly stagnant nature of the series as it became mired in repeated iterations of SotN's sprawling platformer/RPG hybrid, started searching for a way to revitalize the series again, just as SotN ignited a sort of Golden Age for the series.As the winds throughout the greater video game market were blowing increasingly towards epic, story-based RPGs, Spanish-based developer MercurySteam was contracted to take the series in a new direction (probably due to Konami's increasing focus upon more purely profitable directions, such as the Japanese gambling market).  MercurySteam, for their part, took a pretty bold new direction though this was not without its share of controversy.  The good came from a heavy focus upon story and aesthetic.  Gabriel Belmont, who apparently becomes the progenitor of the famed vampire-slaying family in this continuity, is dispatched by the human agency, the Brotherhood of Light to confront and destroy the eponymous Lords of Shadow who have become a blight over the world of humanity, separating the Earth from the Heavens and unleashing demonic horrors upon the hapless human kingdoms and villages.  Interestingly, this game devotes a lot of exposition to the powers of good as well.  Traditionally, Castlevania always had an air of horror and darkness, though maybe not a sense of supreme evil.  LoS heavily invokes God, Satan, and, to a lesser extent, Christ and the church.  The old games had less direct references though they were still there with Judeo-Christian enemies as well as religiously themed environments (though due to the setting, Baroque Europe, this is hardly surprising).  LoS made the series simultaneously more and less personal.  Gabriel is on this quest in the hopes of reviving his dead wife, Marie and we spend a great deal of time getting to know him through his terse interactions with the allies and enemies he encounters in his quest.  On the other hand, the game focuses much more of the scale of humanity as a whole.  The powers of Heaven and Hell are very real in the LoS universe and they are actively vying for the souls of men.  Say what you will about the old 'vanias, they were great but while Dracula might wreak havoc on the world, he generally wasn't portrayed as damning his victims souls to an eternity in hell.  That however is the stakes for LoS.  MercurySteam went all out, bringing back narrative cutscenes, securing an A-list voiceover cast, and threw in a few Shadows of the Colossus style battles for variety.The gameplay itself is a departure from the old series as it is a third person 3D platformer/adventure game.  Combat draws heavy influence from God of War leading some detractors to label the continuity God-of-Vania.  Given the Belmonts are famed whip users throughout the series (even non-Belmonts like John Morris and Nathan Graves got in on the whip action!), I'm fine with that decision.  The only annoying aspect of it is the volume of endurance heavy enemies.  I get it, I'm using a whip which isn't the most devastating of medieval weaponry (even if it is made out of holy-blessed metal) against creatures with inhuman carapace, hide and endurance.  It just gets a bit tedious at times is all I'm saying.  The whip combat is fun and creative though it could stand to be a bit more visceral.  Hits just don't feel like they have a ton of impact which makes bashing endurance-heavy enemies feel like a chore instead of exciting.  The game does offer an array of other options though to keep things fresh with the ability to infuse the Vampire Killer with Light and Shadow magic as well as several subweapons including classic staples like throwing knives and holy water.  The environments are big, winding, and varied and have a lot of detail invested in them, even if they aren't overwhelmingly interactive (though there are a number of destructible props placed about to makes combat a bit more tangible).  Being sort of a platformer, there's loads of obstacle courses and climbing sections to navigate that will break up your time between fights and give you a chance to cool down.  This generally works in that when you start to tire of combat, the game gives you a navigation section.  When you get tired of climbing around enormous walls and platforms, the game will throw a dozen monsters at you to slay.  In short, things in this world are huge, in terms of scale.The shortcomings of the game tend to focus around repeating enemies (enemy variety has always been a staple of the series), the heavy God of War influence (though any departure from Koji Igarashi's metroidvania genre would have received a similar outcry), and the almost minimal touchstones of being a Castlevania.  By this last one, I'm referring to limited focus on the Belmont family, settings outside Dracula's castle, and chief antagonists other than Dracula.  These are complaints of taste in my opinion and while Lords of Shadow doesn't scratch those particular itches very well, it wouldn't be the first to break any of these commandments.  Bloodlines, Circle of the Moon, Aria and Dawn of Sorrow, and Order of Ecclesia all had non-Belmont protagonists and didn't really ever bring the Belmonts into the plot in a major way.  Gabriel, being the first to take the surname, simply doesn't really have a family history to call upon like the later Belmonts do in their increasingly storied feud with Dracula, never mind that Dracula doesn't exist in LoS1 as the Lords of Shadow are the antagonists.  Bloodlines had you gallavanting all around World War I era Europe with only the first level in Dracula's castle.  Aria of Sorrow and Dawn of Sorrow - some of the highest regarded games of the metroidvania era - feature a focus on non-Belmont Soma Cruz and feature primary antagonists who aren't Dracula.Don't get me wrong, I understand the complaints and can empathize why longtime fans might feel alienated by the new direction and perceive the genre shift as pandering to younger markets (particularly the God of War style combat).  But I think the things it does well; story, atmosphere, music, symbolism, intensity, and variety make up for the departures.  It's an alternative continuity that freshened the series up and gives gamers of other genres and option to get interested in the series and the lore.  For that, I think it's a good thing.  Or it would be if Konami ever developed its IP franchises.  But alas, ""Mobile is where the future of gaming lies."" according to Konami's current CEO.  For shame, Konami!"
,Recommended,234080,31933362,Posted: 24 May,all,kgsfrog,"Castlevania was the first game I played on the old Ninetendo 8 Bit.  Since then I've played almost every incarnation of the game.  Out of all of them, LoS is number 3 fav of all time.  Fantastic music, graphics, gameplay, story and voice acting (in that order for me) made this one of those games I purchased and played on both console and PC."
,Recommended,234080,13177191,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"Patrick Stewart reads me an interactive story about slaying Vamipires, Werewolves and all that is evil. 10/10 would whip again."
,Recommended,234080,9074438,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,H. Harpoon,"I am 5 hours in (ish) and its just starting to pick up. It looks like its going to get much better from here. The story is basically incomprehensible, but in an ok way (think Bayonetta). Come to think of it the combat is very reminicant of Bayonetta also, with a bit of DMC (new one) thrown in. The Game itself moves along at a nice clip (after that first five hours oof) through the small explorable arenas that make up each chapter. You are obviously expected to do several runthroughs as each level has areas that cant be accessed untill you unlock your new evil spiked cross or whatever. Happily though this menu is easy to navagate and as the story is a pile of jibberish you wont feel youre missing anything by retreading old ground.I hear it gets better after the hump that took me a few days, Ill report back, at this point I would say hold off for 4.99 unless you enjoy that Bayonetta flashy action type of experience.Dont go into this one thinking God of War. Its not. Its totally different, you will only have the wrong bar set too high and make those first five hours miserable."
76561198012301706,Recommended,234080,8144444,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Asher,"I'm going to cautiously reccomend this game to the curious, both the long time 'Vania fans or fans of this style of gameplay.  This is a reboot, and as such, it takes a lot of liberty in the source material that might make the long time fans who prefer the old continuity to look away and not give the game a fair shot, but the story here is decent.Here's my main opinion on different parts of the game:-The fact you cannot change your camera angle here can be a real pain, resulting in many unnecessary hits coming from the bottom of the screen (which is a real problem on the higher difficulties) and can hinder exploration of certain areas because you cant focus your camera on what you want to check out.-The combat is usually pretty satisfying, but I just can't agree with being hit by an enemy who is receiving a steel chain across the face (should be stun locked, but that's just my opinion), but other than that, the attack variety and satisfying whip sounds make combat rather fun and can usually avoid being tedious.-Most of the puzzles are pretty lame, and while they break up the combat and exploration, they're usually just not that fun to solve.  Thankfully, you're  given the option to learn their solution instantly at the cost of not getting an exp bonus, so this complaint is slightly null from that.-The music is now going to win any one over.  I don't feel it lives up to a long line of catchy music that Castlevania has produced, but at least has a good tune here and there.  At the very least, the music fits the feel of the game.- Graphically, this game is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.  I'm rarely ever wowed by graphics these days, but I was constantly wowed by the gorgeous locales the game renders, and some of the really cool enemy designs.So tl;dr. if you've been on the fence about trying this, wait for a sale and give it a try.  I don't regret my time spent with LoS, and I feel like there's a game in here that really shines sometimes but is often held down by some questionable design choices.  I know LoS2 will let you control the camera, so I'm hoping to see other improvements made in the game play and shine where its predecessor could have but didnt.  Action oriented people may enjoy the combat, and long time CV fans may enjoy the whip-based combat and exploration, along with the reimagining of Dracula."
,Recommended,234080,15387506,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,b★mi,"To be honest, this Castlevania felt like a Homestuck of games for me - extremely boring at the start and a pretty interesting experience closer to the middle/end in both gameplay (more abilities you collect - better it gets) and plot sides. You either drop it after first bunch of levels, or you keep playing. In my case i actually forced myself to play past first chapters after dropping it a couple of times just because i wanted to play Mirror of Fate (which is your classic side scrolling sequel for Lords of Shadow) with a full knowledge of plot.Plays completely different from original Castlevania games (at least these i played), but still is good, i guess.If you aren't sure about spending money on it i'd recommend to wait for a sale, but i think it's current price (in my country at least) is fair.+ personally haven't encountered any bugs + no issues with wired xbox 360 controller for me+ plot+ amazing soundtrack and voicing+ good combat system+ amazing and fair boss fights that require nothing but skill to beat+ really good and interesting puzzles+ levels actually have some replay value for collectibles that can only be picked once you get certain abilities later in game and challenges that are only available if you beat levels at least once+ amazing artworks/concept-arts that you can buy in game for these who's interested in that stuff. Like me.- a very, VERY slow start- biggest and hugest nope goes to the final boss in the dlc. While all boss fights in the main game were amazing, this one was hard, tedious, annoying and unsatisfying. And don't git gud at me, there's a difference between a good and a bad boss design, that's all.- graphics might seem a bit outdated but still looks good- repetetive not memorable levels with invisible walls and points of no return (which sucks when you run into one of two similar looking corridors and accidentally lock yourself from picking a collectible in the end of another one. Whoops)- sountrack is amazing but some pieces seemed to be kind of...out of place with what was going on the screen?- no level exploration. It fits fine with the game itself but we're talking about Castlevania series here.- no camera control at all. Wasn't much of a problem but in a bunch of places. Controls/direction change during forced camera angle change was more of a pain, especially in timed levels."
76561198103844020,Recommended,234080,28085707,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mercureXI,"Overall : good game.Camera is annoying, combat system isn't that great, but that's about it.Story is interesting for the most part (Reboot from the original Castlevania series), visuals are ok, ost is good.Good replayability too (loads of unloackables etc + 2 player chess-like game).If you are a Castlevania fan, you might enjoy this. Just be prepared for some God of War clone. This is no Symphony of the Night at all ...8/10"
76561198250506928,Recommended,234080,33958056,Posted: 1 August,all,Viska,"The only thing ""Castlevania"" about this game is some paper thin names thrown in.That being said it is a really good game combining elements from God of war and shadow of the colosis.If you buy it for a castlevania experience you will be dissapointed.But if you go in with an open mind and don't bother looking for the Castlevania element you will find a great game.Except for the last boss.. He is brick chewingly frustrating.Pro tip- fully upgraded guillotine attack is a great boss slayer move."
,Recommended,234080,26612311,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Great slasherPROS+Good battle system+Great bosses+Superb soundtrack+Good variety of combos+Epic storyline+Various difficulty settings+Great PC portCONS-Levels is way too short,but game in general is really big-No unlockable costumes-Only one weapon-Comic cut-scenes in the DLC chaptersGreat slasher with a few minor cons,which is not that bad.I suggest to buy it and play it,especially if you're lover of dynamic and hard Slasher games,just like me!=)))"
76561197965158099,Recommended,234080,31383578,Posted: 26 April,all,Hekatonkheires,"+Level design and art are absolutely breathtaking. It's basically scenery porn: the game.+Patrick Stewart narration.+Decently executed God of War knock-off combat system. (Until you unlock ultimate light/shadow magic and murder all normal enemies immediately.-The DLC boss is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, about the most unfair and infuriating fight I have ever suffered through in a game."
76561197981484313,Not Recommended,234080,9039120,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Chimpy,"So as this game goes on sale I hope to give you an informative review of this game. While it was gifted to me during the Christmas steam sale, I have played through it several times and I still cannot justify owning or purchasing this game. As a diehard fanatic of the series from the very beginning this game lacks everything that made the series fantastic. This is not to say the game is bad, however, it is completelymediocre. The potential for greatness IS there, however, it fails to truly deliver. For every stunning visual scene in the game it has twice as many glaring, disgusting bland LEVELS that serve no absolutely no purpose. In fact, the game feels lopsided when it comes to level count. The second chapter has by far the most levels in the game and yet the two chapters afterward only have two apiece to them. I fail to see the logic behind this besides trying to fit a familiar theme, however, this only makes chapter 2 a daunting, boring, trial to complete. There is noFLOWto this game. It stops and goes at its own pace, and it feels disgustingly rushed. The gameplay is a mashed together blend of several popular action games ranging from God of War to Shadow of Colossus that fails to deliver any of the finer points of any of those games. Combat is simple, yet, frustrating from the lack of meat behind it. The 'whip' (I'm more akin to call it the blades of chaos but I'll bite) is better described as a wet noodle. Enemies have very little to not hit registration so it makes it feel like all of your blows either do nothing or bounce off of them with little to no visible effect. Enemies are not chained, nor can you combo properly in most cases making it more of a game of unleashing a flurry of attacks, and then either parrying them to stun them for one second or dodging past them if you cannot. This is all there is to combat, there is very little variety between enemy types and their attack. Each enemy may seem differently, but the majority of them have three same attacks. The types of attacks are as follows: a quick jab, a slower stronger attack, and a shockwave. I have successfully described 99% of the attacks you'll be dealing with in this game. To try and amplify Gabriel's abilities he comes across a small selection of subweapons and magic to try increase variety in combat.  These fail to do anything but be useless or completely trivialize encounters all together. Take for example the earliest subweapon you get, the silver daggers. You are given ten of them near the start of the game and are given enough refills to completely destroy any werewolf type enemy in a single hit, aside from heavier lycans. This is the equivalent of having an 'I win' button which should never be the case in any brawler. Yet alone you are purposefully given an ability soon after that lets you oneshot any small enemy with a simple QTE regardless by tapping the right trigger/R2 button. You cannot be harmed during this, and you can chain this quite easily, leaving only the big, burly enemies, whose attacks I've already described, to easily be dealt with. In fact, the only time combat is truly challenging in Lords of Shadow is during engagements with multiple big enemies, which are few and far between, or when the camera forces itself lodged into a wall. I've have many a moment where the camera simply refused to show me the enemies, leaving me to guess blindly in the dark where they could be attacking from. This is simply unacceptable in any game in my opinion. The absence of good in my mind is not bad, it is average. Lords of Shadow is the definition of an average game. It functions, most of the time, within acceptable limits, but, does not excel at anything. I cannot recommend Lords of Shadow to someone who enjoys the series, since it is simply not a Castlevania game outside of name alone. It's a mediocre, bland, boring brawler that does its best to rip off other successful franchises but fails to capture any of its own rich history that spans twenty years in the making. This is what infuriates me the most as a fan of the series. This was truly a game franchise that I loved, that I avidly looked forward to whenever I heard it announced. Yet, despite playing through this game nearly three times at this point, I cannot excuse the ball of mediocrity that is Lords of Shadow. No matter the console, no matter how well done the port is, I cannot recommend this game, and I am sad to say that I’ve wasted too much time trying to force myself to love something that is not only undeserving of it, but also a failure to the series name that this should be abortion tries to live up to."
,Recommended,234080,16615973,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Martan,"It's really a good game, but has flaws. Yeah some of them can be too frustrating for some but for me it delivers!So I can only urge anyone to just try it.Pros:- Graphic & Sound design are really nice even now (2015)- Beautiful vistas, lots of locations- Nice platforming levels- Combos, upgrades, fighting system- Different kind of enemies- Epic boss battles - The best for me is the Butcher ;)Cons:- Fixed camera angle (which can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes)- QTE's from which 2 are ridiculous (but there's a solution using autohotkey)- Story, yeah some elements of it are not so great, but meh, what is perfect?"
76561197972720910,Recommended,234080,33068377,Posted: 30 June,all,MaYzE,"Loved the game, but not the DLC.  I do find the game to be long, however, you never really get bored.  This game does a lot right and the artwork is hands down some of the best I have seen in a game and the music is well matched.  The story isn't overly gripping, but it was enough to keep me interested.  Gameplay can start to be a bit much since it follows the typical fight, climb, fight, climb approach.  Sometimes I feel they could have removed some of the repetition by lowing the amount of time you need to do things like pull levers or climb walls.  If you like(d) God of War and Darksiders type games, then this is a buy for sure.  Very enjoyable to play through.Time to fire up part 2."
,Recommended,234080,13157367,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,FrustratedRocka,"TL;DR: Solid hack-and-slash, but a bit generic. 6.5/10, buy if it's on sale.PROS:- Solid combat and platforming- Good story- Good voice acting- Patrick Stewart- Very well optimized port (runs at somewhere around 250 FPS on my rig with vsync off)CONS:- Generic- Prerendered cutscenes look like♥♥♥♥♥- Cheesy narration- Overly reliant on trick bossesLet's get this out of the way up front: This isn't Castlevania as you know it. That doesn't make it a bad game, but it does mean that if you're expecting to be up to your eyeballs in gothic architecture you'll be in for a disappointment. The atmosphere here feels a bit disjointed, like they had a few really good settings and just mashed them together. Unfortunately, without that trademark flavor, the rest of the game doesn't do much to distinguish itself.I'm reminded a bit of the talk around Darksiders when it first came out. That title had a lot written about how it played like a sort of mish-mash of other, better known games. But where Darksiders managed to pick out a bunch of elements that worked and fuse them into a cohesive whole, Lords of Shadow mostly reminds me how good Devil May Cry, Assassin's Creed, God of War, and Shadow of the Colossus were and how I really ought to replay them one of these days.Now, even though it's generic, the game is still pretty fun once you get into it. Combat is fast and frenetic, heavily favoring an aggressive and ultra-mobile style while still forcing you to master timed parries. While it can get a bit mashy, the better encounters are quite memorable. The game has a good learning curve, but the better boss fights in it will require you to master the system - Cornell in particular is a standout here, and while it's controller-shatteringly difficult, that boss fight alone is worth the sale price. The rest, unfortunately, fall into the standard formula of ""Wait for the boss to do something stupid, punish, repeat,"" which is aggravated by the game being a bit too fond of quick time events. There are also three ""titan"" boss fights, which are straight ripoffs of Shadow of the Colossus.Overall, this is a decent way to kill an afternoon or two. Wouldn't recommend you pay full price, but it's worth adding to your collection if it's on sale."
76561198040401422,Recommended,234080,8112291,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Dolor,"Solid game.  Enjoyable third person action game.  Combat is worthwhile.  Scenery is beautiful.  Some unnecessary difficulty spikes throughout the game, but I may just be bad at it.If you haven't played the Darksiders series, those games are very similar but slightly better and probably cheaper.  You won't go wrong with this game though."
,Recommended,234080,9821173,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,M.D. Chaos,"This is one Truly Superb game. It's one of the few games i've played that excells in every area, and has little flaws in it. I've enjoyed other castlevania games, but Lords Of Shadow i'd say is the one i've enjoyed the most since Rondo Of Blood.The Story follows Gabriel Belmont, who is part of the Brotherhood of light ( A group that basically fights werewolves,vampires,etc). Before the adventure starts, Gabriel's wife is killed and seeks out an artifact called the God Mask(which has the power to bring back the dead). There are these beings called lords of shadows(some of which are recognizable to castlevania fans), which 3 of them has a piece of the god mask. Gabriel must find all 3 pieces, so that he can restore life to his wife. Now the story starts off weak, but it gets way better later on and not only that, it also becomes one of the most incredible stories you'll ever experience in the game. The characters are so well written and you genuinely care for them, due to the great dialogue that's in store. Now this is a reboot of the castlevania series, so it doesn't share the same continuity with the old games, it is it's own thing and I do like the direction MercurySteam went for the game. I would talk more, but Spoilers do not apply.The gameplay of Lords of shadow is a mixture of Hack n slash,platforming, and Puzzles.The combat has a lot of weight and impact to it, and there is plenty of moves to do to keep each battle fresh and exciting. There is the typical regular and area attack, but there is also a counter system which when you block an enemies attack at just the right time, you'll be able to attack them back. There is also some qtes, however these are more timing based, which I do like. you have some secondary weapons like daggers,fairies, and holy water, each of these is very effective depending on the enemy you face and it offers more strategy to the already superb combat. Later in the game, you'll get light magic(hitting an enemy will replenish your health and dark magic(more damage to the enemies), which like the counter attacks and QTE make it a unique experience. There is also a Dark gauntlet, which adds another demension to combat and it's also quite effective like the combat cross. You progressively get a new upgrade from each lords of shadow like super jumping and sprinting. People would say ""oh it's just a god of war rip-off"" when it really isn't, since it does several mechanics to make it stand out from the crowd(and also God of war Ripped off Rygar and Devil may cry so ha).The platforming is similar to the uncharted games, which not only is fluent, but also gives a break from the combat. there is also puzzles, which are all different. These are all fun and challenging, and if you're lost just buy the solution to it Literally.Level design is more linear, but there is exploration to find upgrades to your health and magic, which is reccomended to returning levels.The game is no cake wake, the game is geuinely challenging, Especially with the boss fights. The boss fights are usually a lot of fun to fight and require memorization, now the worst bosses are the ones where it's like shadow of the colossus. Why is that? well all it's just climbing then hold QTE(which is the only qte that annoyed me) and then repeatidly smash weakpoint, thankfully there is only 3 of them so no big deal.Is there any flaws? yes, like some levels felt padded and it got a bit dull in some places. Other than that the game is really enjoyable as a result, and it's really lengthy up to 25-30 hours.The visuals in this game, still hold up even 4 years later. It's art direction I think is quite Unique for the series, and goes for a more mideval setting than past games. The texture work is generally rather solid with tons of deatail put into them, with the occasional odd texture. The animations are fluent and are fun to watch.The sound is Stellar. The voice acting is up with the finest Quality, With voice talents of Patrick Stewart and Robert Carlyle doing a Swell job. Sound effects have a lot of weight to them, and the music, While different from past games, is Really good and is atmospheric.Now does it feel like a castlevania game? I Think so yes, it gives off the same rewarding adventure you have in the NES days, unlike the metroidvania games. In Short, I highly Reccomend the game, it's Really fun,looks great,sounds great, and just overall great.9/10 One of the best Action Adventure games you can get your hands on."
,Recommended,234080,10487385,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Visage,"Nice graphics, nice story, okay gameplay ... but what a bad camera :("
76561198301412037,Recommended,234080,25376790,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,JackBurtonLsg,"A great game from start to finish. Excellent combat, a lot of depth to the combos, interesting story, great graphics, tight controls. The base game is incredible.Don't bother with the DLC, its garbage. The first one isnt so bad, but its more puzzle oriented. The second DLC is combat focused but its broken. Block will no longer work when it should, hit detection is all over the place, dodging rarely works. It feels like 2nd DLC was made by an entirely separate company, the combat is trash, the boss is a cheap damage sponge with some really awful hit detection and move sets. Hes also about 2 stories tall, can only be hit in certain spots and you can't block or dodge in air. Have fun!Highly recommend the base game. Do not recommend the DLC, even on sale."
,Recommended,234080,25576163,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Archinowsk,"Devil May Cry's not so bright little brother. At times really enjoyable, at times extremely frustrating. In the end left me with a good feeling.Hot:- Sheer amount of mechanics and the well paced tutorials to teach them all- Audiovisually well agedNot:- Platforming- Camera angles- QTEs- Some controls (e.g. no air dodge, so jumping leaves you defenseless)"
,Recommended,234080,29612481,Posted: 31 January,all,Battleman,"What a great game! I had a lot of fun playing, despite that there are a lot of annoying and bad things/ bugs/ features, too.Let´s start with the negative points first:-- fixed camera spots: The fixed camera is not in every case a bad thing (see pros), but especially in corners or spots among 2 camera locations, the fixed camera can be really annoying and bad for the smooth and trouble-free gameplay.-- autosaves points: This problem apears in a lot of games within this genre. At some bosses the game let´s you retry at beginning of the second phase for example. Other, harder bosses haven´t  got these autosave points and you have to do everything from the beginning. Furthermore there could be many more checkpoints at some parts of the game. It can be really frustrating to do everythink from beginning, although there were at least 2 great chances, to place a fair checkpoint...-- structure of the (boss) battles in combination with the fighting system: The game got a great fighting system (see pros) with a lot of diffrent attack possibilities. Unfortunately many bosses and creatures doesn´t allow you to use this various system. It will end up at smashing the X or Y button and adding some special skill secondarily.- rough air controlls: Fortunatly air combat is just a nigligibly part of the game, but certainly you will jump alot. At some parts of the game, especially some parts, where you have to long-jump (run and jump) its kinda hard to hit your destination. Some times you will just jump beyond the platforms, or other times you randomly jump of a cliff... Since you are losing some health every time you fall of a cliff, it can be rally annoying over time....- few smaller balance problems- many blurry texturesAltough it looks like Castlevania: Lords of Shadows got a lot of problems, the positive things outweigh them significantly:++++ atmosphere: The, in my opinion, biggest advantage of the game is the atmosphere. The soundtrack, the fixed camera view, the setting, the scenery, the story, the level, boss and creature design, the protagonist... all these things just build up a awesome atmosphere at many parts of the game. You can easily just blinde out the negative and annoying things and just immerse in the great amosphere. I played the game with my Logitech Z906 5.1 Speaker System, which additionally intensifed the great atmosphere.+++ soundtrack+++ climbing parts+++ boss battles and design: Fight against giant creatures in breathtaking boss fights, or slay the Lords of Shadows and send them to hell.+++ Gabriel: What a badass.+++ diversifed level design: The levels go from a muddy swamp (without shrek, but with creapy scarecrows) to giant castles to a giant-graveyard.++ fighting system and possibilites: That all-purpose cross is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome. You will have a lot of diffrent ways to slay your enemys.++ light and dark energy bars, which allow you to perform special Magic abilities.++ Story: I liked it.+ After credit-scene: Forces me to buy the second part.+ game length: It took me about 20 hours the complete the main story. The the right length for these kind of games - in my opinion.All in all i give it a 9/10 and i can definitly recommend it!"
76561198058405818,Recommended,234080,28194753,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,aether_drift,"This is a great game for any castlevania fans. Full keyboard control with lots of key combos, magic use, lots of object interaction. Its the classic difficult castlevania with fixed camera persepective 3d style. There are sections of puzzles and such that will drive you mad. The bosses are sadistic. Super fun if you need that genre added to your library though. 10/10 would recommend to anyone that doesn't mind a superiorly precise and difficult game."
76561197970755712,Recommended,234080,29691417,Posted: 4 February,all,Crapula,"One of the best spanish games of all time. Brings dignity to Castlevania franchise into 7th generation. Fast, deep and rewarding. Memorable characters (great voice interpretation). Of course, the game is nothing without DLC, which brings a proper ending to a well driven story.Uno de los mejores juegos españoles de todos los tiempos. Aporta dignidad a la franquicia Castlevania en la 7 ª generación. Rápido, profundo y gratificante. Personajes memorables (grandes interpretaciones de doblaje). A destacar que el juego no es nada sin los DLCs, que aportan un final apropiado a una historia fabulosa y bien dirigida."
76561198005128610,Recommended,234080,24050495,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,the Winter Warlock,"Rating 10/10If you are a Castlevania fan, then this game will not disappoint you. After playing the 30 minute demo I was sold on it. The game play is fantastic and the storyline as usual is amazing. It's not a short game so you do get your money's worth. Sticking true to the 2d version, you play in a 3d realm with new combo combat moves and techniques to keep the game play interesting. Puzzle's have to be solve along the way but in general, this is a great game to own.The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, the graphics and landscapes are just stunning. You want to just walk around a bit and just enjoy the scenery, it's that good. BONUS points with PATRICK STWART as the Narrator, and ROBERT CARLISLE as Gabrielle, it gives the game a touch of class that just feels right. I am thoroughly impressed and have I don't know what else to say except, play the demo and see for yourself.I had Deleted my first review of this game (done 2 years ago before this one) and looking back, it didn't it justice. This is my renewed review."
,Recommended,234080,9434638,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,darkVerse,"Amazing game, full of Lycans, vampires, dead zombies, ghosts and bosses...puzzles and bosses and more puzzles. Nice graphics, sounds and voice over is a master class. Robert Carlyle as Gabriel and Sir Patrick Stewart as Zobek, I mean what else would you want? Only problem is that you will probably need to get a controller to play this game, because it is impossible to make some moves while playing."
,Recommended,234080,8533132,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ddarkeh,"If you're expecting or want a metoridvania experience then this isn't it, it's a action/adventure more a kin to God of War than SOTN.  It begins quite slow fighting Goblins and lycanthropes reminiscent of Lord of the rings not Castlevania, however around 6-7 hours in the game shifts and becomes darker, you quickly forget the lush forest scenes that you travelled through previously and embrace a more familiar settings a eerie town, a abbey and of course a castle.Good points+Music - It's not your typical chip tuney cheese of old castlevania but instead well composed pieces with a lot of depth, not to everyone's taste if your not willing to forego your nostalgia+Art - The settings are incredible, the graphics are good but it's the art and the art direction that make the game stand out they get the most out of it by locking the camera in place+Combat - Alot of variety and generally really fun switching between differnt ""stances"" Neutral, Light and dark and then there's other items that enhance your abilities beyond that+Story - I really enjoyed it, it's dark fairy tale reminiscent of something like the brothers grim.  Good doesn't always triumph evilBad Points-Combat - Variety yes, however it could be more tighter, Example Air combat yes you can launch enemies into the air but you quickly realise that being in the air is dangerous with no air block/air dodge you sort of hover in the air for unattended times open to enemy attacks, there is a stomp move that brings you down quicker but really should have taken a page out of bayonetta book here,-Oh the camera, I understand why they did it (I previously mentioned beautifull scenary) but the camera in combat can get stupid, it fixed so depending on the angle of the player and the enemy there can be times were you get punished cheaply from attacks off screen, not good.Would I recommend it yes, if you enjoy GoW combat, willing to give it 5-6 hours to get to the good bits (it's fairly lengthy game at around 20-30 hours) and not looking for the next SOTN.  I can't wait for the sequel"
76561198053246609,Recommended,234080,23402567,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GameZone,"A new take on the Castlevania mythos where must fight and puzzle your way trough. Altough it looks like a god of war clone, it has plenty of things that help it stand apart.Controllers are recommended, but not neccesary.PROs:- very detailed story- amazing voice cast- beautiful atmosphere- brilliant music- thinkering puzzles- i little joke here and there- castlevania references- good boss battlesCONs:- wonky camera actions, you will see what i mean.- sometimes playing with a keyboard can make serveral puzzles or actions a bit unfair, but its not impossible.- inconstistend chapters, some are only 2 levels long, others 10.- not enough castlevania references, mostly namesakes."
,Recommended,234080,26232640,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hades,Best game ever.Pros:+vampires+demons+lycans+zombies+gothic castles+epic boss fightsCons:-final boss from the DLC is for masochists666/10
76561197990220919,Recommended,234080,9034690,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,Great Gothic Castlevania Gameplay.  The Sisters of Mercy would be Proud.
,Recommended,234080,8793516,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Xelis,"A storm is coming. Mankind faces ruin and despair. The world is changing, yet hope remains in the hearts of the people. We go about our daily lives never knowing the forces that can change our destinies forever; we are oblivious, ignorant like sheep to the slaughter. This night in the year of our Lord 1047, marks the beginning of our journey together; a journey into darkness, into madness. I watch him from the shadows. Is he the one? He has come far already but he will be tested; tested to the very limits of human endurance… and beyond. This night he rides looking for the old gods, armed with an amulet that has led him here; tonight he will begin his journey into oblivion.Castlevania:LoS is a hack & slash, very similar to the god of war series. You play as a member of the brotherhood of light, a man named Gabriel on his quest to fulfill a prophecy, and to bring his dead wife back to life. The game takes you through all sorts of environments, from lycan infested forests, old decrepit castles, mountains and valleys, and eventually hell. All of which are narrated by Patrick Stewart. Throughout the entire game there’s a foreboding feeling of things to come. With each location that Gabriel passes through, it takes its toll on him, one that is shown and felt through the great writing and character development, and even gameplay.The gameplay itself again is similar to the god of war series, combat being driven by combos, magic powers, relics, equipment, QTE’s and so forth. All of which can be upgraded with experience points, which you gain by completing puzzles and killing enemies. Some combos and abilities are intertwined with each other, and inaccessible until you upgrade a few or all abilities completely. The combat is really fun and fairly simple. Your main weapon is the combat cross, a chain weapon able to attack multiple enemies at once and dish out all sorts of pain, which can be seamlessly linked with any other tool in your arsenal, making the combat very fast paced and fun. Mixing up your combos, using differently abilities and not spamming the same stuff over and over is rewarded via focus. Focus is a bar that fills up as you fight, giving you more focus for preforming different abilities in conjunction, and generally being stylish. Once the bar is filled, your attacks start draining orbs from enemies, which can be absorbed into either light or shadow magic, used to power attacks and abilities in either form. Being hit once however will completely drain your focus, so it’s good idea to keep on the move, or get good at parrying(Of which, gives you full focus upon a successful parry) The light and shadow magic is an interesting system, both have meters that drain when you make successful attacks or preform magic in either stance. Light magic heals you upon successfully hitting an enemy, shadow magic makes your attacks deal more damage. Both have an array of unique abilities that can be used, and you can switch between them seamlessly.The graphics are decent but this is one time where the game actually looks better on consoles. The game makes use of blur and depth of field, of which on consoles, running at 720p hid some of the muddy textures and blocky meshes very well.  Again they’re not bad, but I remember when I first played this on the 360 I was blown away by how good it looked, and this was in comparison to games like Crysis, battlefield and heavily modded skyrim.  However, the environments are pretty stunning at times, presenting you with gorgeous vistas and locations with beautiful  and varied architecture. The animations are pretty damn good too, Gabriel moves, jumps and his attacks flow fluidly, as well as all of the creatures and enemies you encounter.One of the game’s strong points is the music. You’ll get beautiful orchestra music as you traverse levels, and brutal, tense scores in battles. The actual implementation of the music being perfectly timed as well, tempos kicking up during pivotal moments in combat and as you approach vistas and panoramas. Also, Belmont’s Theme. THAT’S ALL I NEED TO SAY.All in all, Lords of shadow is a very fun and superbly made, albeit sad tale. I don’t want to spoil much but Gabriel loses much, if not everything during his quest. Being a reboot, It sets up the series pretty nicely in creating probably the most prominent figure in the series. I got a good 15 hours or so out of the story, not counting the dlc which I haven’t started yet.Combat is amazing fun, brutal and addicting, flowing between combos, magic and abilities is fluid and satisfying.The story is well written and emotionally provoking, which surprised the hell out of me when I first played the game, didn’t expect such from a castlevania game.PATRICK FREAKING STEWART NARRATES THE GAME AND IS THE VOICE OF A MAJOR CHARACTER.BELMONT’S THEMEOkay this is getting way tldr.At $30 I’d buy it, but I was lucky enough to nab it on sale during the winter sale. If you like castlevania I recommend this, if you like Devil May Cry, God of War or other third person action/adventure games I recommend it. If you like Patrick Stewart I recommend it.Protip: avoid all media/videos/pics, information or any posts about Lords Of Shadow 2. It’ll spoil this entire game.And so it begins, the necromancer’s abyss lies at his feet. He is dark and terrible and the cries of the dead follow him wherever he goes. There is nothing but hate in his heart. Hate for those who have taken his beloved. Who have made him do terrible things. Who have taken his humanity. Now reap the whirlwind, scions of death, for comes the Prince of Darkness."
76561197970260982,Recommended,234080,8851300,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Netrat,"I highly recommend this game as this is my third playthrough. I previously beat Castlevania LoS on the Xbox 360 and thought the game looked stunning. This version is GORGEOUS to look at! The textures have been given a massive update and everything plays smooth. The story is starts out simple enough, but gets better and better as you go. The boss battles are quite epic and the world design is just amazing to look at (Always makes me wonder, ""In this world, who built all this stuff!?"") *lol*That ending...That ending is so great! If you're considering this game, do not look at the trailers for part 2. ;)Use a controller! This game doesn't have a camera that rotates so there is no mouse, and keyboard is just a bit hard for this type of game.This is an outstanding reboot to the Castlevania universe."
,Recommended,234080,9282003,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MCofDiablo,"I haven't played old Castlevania games, so I can't say whether it is true to its origin. I can judge only having played this game, and it is one of the best slasher games on PC.What I look for in games is interesting story with memorable characters. The story in Castlevania starts in a bit cliched way, but then the tone slightly changes, and closer to the end there are a few interesting twists. The ending is great!Graphically the game is stunning even by modern standards. The level design and character models are very well done. The cutscenes (and there are lots of them) are also well directed.The gameplay reminded God of War which in no way is bad. You climb, fight monsters and solve puzzles. And of course there are huge bosses! Every boss fight is an interesting puzzle itself. Everything is very well balanced.The only minor flaw of the PC version is controls. I started playing on keyboard, but then preferred gamepad.All in all, I give this game 10 out of 10. There are a lot of collectibles, trials, artwork. So I will definitely play this game a few more times to get everything!"
76561198084239937,Recommended,234080,24183295,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DEV,"08-Jul-2016 : Finished main story + extrasEquipment : MSI GT80-2QE NotebookREVIEW :I really enjoy this game. The graphics are a little bit outdated but still good enough for a 6-year old game (originally released in 2010 for console). The music soundtracks are great and really captures the dark victorian atmosphere, The characters and storytelling are interesting with good voice acting, The locations are varied from chapter to chapter with great artistic level design. The puzzles are great and challenging but not too hard so they won't distract the player from the quest and story pacing. The puzzles also have in-game solutions so player can choose to bypass them if necessary. The boss fights are great and epic. I had a hard time putting down this game before I finished it because I really felt like I'm in an epic quest.Things I dislike, let see... the fixed camera system. Some platforming parts were really frustrating because of that. And then there's the story itself. Although I like the storytelling, some parts of the plot were silly and the ending was badly written. I don't want to spoil anything here, so you just have to start your own quest for glory.CONCLUSION :Recommended on full price, a must-have on sale price."
76561198097059257,Recommended,234080,12221300,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Galbrei,"It's great gameplay and stunning scenarios make up for the lackluster story and boring protagonist. However, It's a game I'd first recommend to fans of God of War or Darksiders than of Castlevania:SotN and other classic metroidvanias."
,Not Recommended,234080,15099338,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SaltyBot,"I dunno, as much as i love the castlevania series as a whole, this game feels like the creators forgot how to make games fun. If your idea of fun is walking down hallways with an ALWAYS FACING FORWARD CAMERA you cannot control, and absurdly long and unintuitive fights then i guess this could be your thing.I usually play all my 3d fighters games (god of war/dmc/bayonetta/darksiders/kingdoms of amaulr/ect) on hard mode and usually enjoy the challenge it provides. And while the game provides challenges... it didn't feel fun. It was a series of short combo and dodging a very obvious attack. You can never actually do attack combo's long enough to do the cool combo's in the game before an enemy is about to strike (you cannot interrupt them from attacking you) so you're never actually ever able to do anything than a few short strikes and repeat. Fairly simple, but since enemies have SO much health it quickly loses an appeal and becomes a chore. After becoming bored with this, i put the game difficulty down to easy just so i could blaze through and still... it was more or less the same feeling, only now i didn't take dmg when i got hit.As for the platforming /exploration, its garbage. There are some secrets in levels that you have to get upgrades down the line and come back to, but its not like typical backtracking in metroidvania type games, you have to pick the stage and run through the linear halls to simply get back to where that thing was. It doesn't feel like you're making intelligent choices on how to use your upgrades, its just remembering where the item was and walking down those same hallways again to use the item on the door. It's not much but really the aspect of exploring is non existent and it makes a huge impact on how you as a player view the world.I got through probably around 25% of the game and quit because i just wasn't having fun with this.  And as many things they do right (voice acting/ visuals / story /ect/ some bosses were kinda cool) the core gameplay fails to entertain and thus the whole experience falls flat."
,Recommended,234080,15410539,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Geardan,"Do you like the beat-em-up systems in God of War? And chosing skill chains to improve like Devil May Cry? How about giant mega-bosses ala Shadow of the Colossus? And what about climbing, swinging, jumping and scampering about like in Prince of Persia or the Uncharted series? How about a slightly overwritten origin story for the FIRST BELMONT EVER?!If even a few of those concepts appeal to you, you're likely to really enjoy this game. A version of all those elements from other sources were pretty much lifted and used here, but the whole is really more than the sum of its pilfered parts. Those disparate elements and more modified from other games really come together and shine here in a fun beat-em-up that wil keep you entertained throughout, and likely keep you coming back to complete some of the wacky challenges it throws at you after you beat a stage.It's easy to recommend, and I was surprisingly pleased by this little gem; so many new reboots fail to capture even some of the things that make their source great, but LoS does a fairly decent job in at least some of the boss fights, and by filling in some fun lore plot gaps in a tragic tale of bad decisions made for the right reasons. Also Patrick Stewart is there, so that's a big plus for this nerd."
76561198003046263,Recommended,234080,33914078,Posted: 30 July,all,Metalfr33k,"Taking on the Forces of darkness with Cross Whip, because why not?Story:You take control of Gabriel Belmont, a warrior of the Brotherhood of Light. Gabriel embarks on a journey to take on the Lords of Shadow - The King of the Lycans, The Queen of the Vampires and the Lord of the Necromancers - in order to save the world and hopefully ressurect his recently killed wife. During his journey he has to fight through trolls, Wargs, Werewolfs, Reapers and of course Vampires.The story of this game is pretty much what you could expect from a Castlevania game - a Belmont embarks on a journey to stop the evil forces, even though this time it isn't Dracula. It isn't fantastic, but it is kind of playing through a gothic B-Horror Movie, which in my book is really entertaining.Gameplay:Castlevania - Lords of Shadow is a linear, static-camera, Hack'n'Slash game in the same veins as God of War (with a some influences from the Shadow of the Colossus) and has all the elements from those kind of games as you would expect. You do combos with the different attack buttons, block and dodges attacks, grab enemies and finish them off with cinematic QTE's. It does not bring anything new to the table when it comes to the hack'n'slash genre, but what it does really work - though not without some problems. The static camera does for the most  part follow you around well enough, but it has a habit of getting stuck in a position where it is impossible to see all the enemies - giving these a free shot at you because you didn't know they where there.The game also focuses a lot on plattforming and puzzle-solving, and while the puzzles of this game are actually well made (and they even offer you a chance to get the solution to the puzzle for a small cost in case you get stuck) the plattforming in this game is horrible. The controls are way to floaty and Gabriel has too much hangtime in order to make precise jumps - and yet they make whole levels focusing on plattforming without any enemies to fight at all.The Best Part:The bosses of the game are really cool.The Worst Part:The plattforming. With too floaty controls to make any precise jumps these part of the game is so frustrating - and nowhere is this more obvious than the level ""The Music Box"". This element should've been cut out of the game entirely."
,Recommended,234080,7722115,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"Cool game, challenging , the combat is nice and the art/production is downright amazing.Sadly, it's is just too long, in a bad way. Took me 18 hours to beat the game, and that's without searching for every secret. They could have made a 12 hour game that flowed perfectly, this starts to feel like a drag sometimes..."
,Recommended,234080,30652618,Posted: 21 March,all,Everstill,"Excelent game. The start of the game is slow and could get you bored by the pace killing stages, but it only keeps getting better and better.The game have fixed camera, but it just enhances the visual of the game, showing incredible detailed scenarios.The boss fights are amazing and the combat mechanic is trully great, rewarding skill and precision, where a simple Skeleton can kill you if you play poorly.The best part of the game is the Vampire Castle with the climax being the Vampire Lord boss fight. The game still takes hours to complete.Recommended."
,Recommended,234080,9043333,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Yorutamashi,"UPDATE: believe it or not, the game gets better and better as you progress and you are able to gain a lot more combos and different techniques to destroy enemies however you like. And the story also gets more interesting. Don't miss the chance of getting this game.But i still recommend that If you can, wait for a good sale, at least 50% off.Don't be fooled by the first sequence of the game, which is pretty boring and linear... The game itself is nothing to be crazy about, nothing really new, it's a lot like a hybrid between God of War and Prince of Persia.But the story is great, the voice acting and the soundtracks are amazing. I don't think this game can be expected to win any rewards but is a fun game to spend some good 30 to 40 hours.If you can get this from a sale (like i did for 7 bucks) i totally recommend you to do so :)"
,Recommended,234080,9420806,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Juutas,Watch my full review of the game here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88ngYB8Ah88+ Tight combat+ Beautiful visuals and soundtrack+ Great puzzles+ Lots of content- Annoying camera- Suffers from identity crisis
,Recommended,234080,9066844,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ripapage,I have to say this game was a lot of fun. I wasn't really expecting a whole lot. But I actually enjoyed the game play and am looking forward to the next game in the series.
76561198009090975,Recommended,234080,9050642,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Raymeister,One of the Best of the Castlevania Series.
,Recommended,234080,9211409,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,⎛⎝Sυnѕhine⎠⎞,"after 15 years of gaming I thought I'd seen everything ..but i must say ,that game surprised me .yes i played god of war ,dark souls, and many other games ..and i just want to say that the game have honor place on my top favorite games of all time .! .i really like tha story ,the gameplay and the graphice .[but the end is a disappointing] but i enjoyed every secong of the game .my score is :9.5\10"
,Recommended,234080,9040754,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Raging Phoenix,"This game actually turned out to be quite lengthier than I thought it was going to be. It is, for the most part, a fun game. Unfortunately, problems lie in some of the wall climbing. If you've played Uncharted, think of that, except take what you know of that game and chuck it out the window. If you want to jump and grab onto another wall while you're already hanging on one, don't push the analog stick in the direction you want to jump. Instead, take your thumb off the joystick and wait until he automatically faces the direction himself, THEN press the jump button. This took me quite a while to get used to and also led to many frustrating deaths just simply due to the mechanics not being as fluid as they should be. Aside from those minor nitpicks, the game is very well optimized and runs at a silky smooth 60fps. The story is surprisingly pretty decent as it does have its own twists at times. There are different combos you can do with the whip, though once you get a few favorites, you might end up repeating those sets throughout the rest of the game. All in all, I highly recommend it and I'm definitely looking forward to the sequel. Hopefully the platforming will be ironed out better by then."
,Recommended,234080,9357505,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,roger_muppet,"I recommend this game when it's on sale.Castlevania Lord of Shadow is a decent God of War clone. It is sad to see the series getting stamped off as that, especially for someone like me who's been sticking to the series since NES times! It's unlike any other Castlevania game i've played - at best it's Castlevania 64 redone in a good fashion. And this is where credit is due, it's a solid beat-em-up game.Graphics:The graphics are asthetic, Castlevania Lords of Shadow is filled with gorgeous sunsets and panoramic views. The animations are good. Fact is though - this game has a fixed camera. Maybe it was a design choice. It works well most of the time, but yea - you are going to die a couple of times because the controls will blatantly confuse the crap out of you in a directional matter.Sound:Orchestral soundtrack. That says it pretty much i think. In combat the music adapts to the situation (nothing new). Whacking sounds and blood gushing sounds grant some satisfation. Sound is okay.Story:There is a story which manages to chain the levels. It's not very memorable but that doesn't really matter. There is the occasional cutscene and some dialogues. Story is okay.Gameplay:Belmont has about 40 moves which you can buy with experience points gained by killing enemies, you are going to lose track but stick to your favorite moves and it'll be fun to try out new things. The action is very similar to the God of War series. Absolutely no complaint. Belmont also receives many abilities during your playthrough. Hidden permanent Life and Mana upgrades convey exploration. It's your standard run of the mill. You can replay previous levels to reach some of the upgrades that were unreachable before. A lot of 100% stuff to do that grants satisfaction if pursued. The level design - though good looking - is confusing sometimes. In Later game parts there are puzzles to solve, though they won't keep you from sleeping at night, they are fun most of the time. Controls are a bit washy. I seriously recommend a controller.Overall this game is solid but not very memorable. I recommend upping the difficulty to the maximum available and playing with a friend. Controller switches on death had a nice frequency and we had a lot of fun this way. The game isn't really mentally engaging, so you can still chill out and chat. Sometimes the difficulty hits you with a hammer - this is where the game shines, but it never feels unfair."
76561198073270328,Recommended,234080,8829486,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,Brilliant.So brilliant in fact that when I lost my save on the PS3 version 2/3 of the way through...I had to get it on here for the full HD experience and finish it!(don't bother with the DLC - it'll ruin the experience - even the developers said it was a mistake)But there's more than enough to keep you going in the main game!(want to know how to do that tricky puzzle in less than five moves?!? look no further...)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDTc_gAlOmI
,Recommended,234080,9022930,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Simoaak,"I've always been a huge fan of the Castlevania games; this is an extremely entertaining iteration in the series. Even if you're just into these types of games (3rd person hack'n-slash) rather than the Castlevania series specifically, I'd still highly recommend it--the combat is fluid (quick to learn/challenging to master), the platforming (IMO) is akin to the Zelda/Darksiders games and challenging.Get the game."
,Recommended,234080,9254642,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,HolyZombie,"It's a decent action game, while entertaining it doesnt bring anything new or revolutionary to the table. Murdering the crap out of monsters is satisfying and pulling off perfect parries make you feel like you have a big♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's mostly spectacle and there are QTE's aplenty.Between hacking and slashing monsters to death and looting goodies you climb on♥♥♥♥♥♥ Climb on ledges, climb on more ledges which you jump off to climb on a completely different ledge, climb on bosses in the, ""Shadow of the Colossus: Climb on this giant thing and stab it in its sensitive bumhole"" kind of way. Seriously, lots of goddamn climbing, and by the end of the game you're going to be absolutely sick of climbing puzzles.The puzzles featured in this game are a mix of painfully easy, obnoxiously vague, and could've been only solved by luck. If you're a filthy casual there are in game ""guides"" and by guides I mean ""press Y for solution"". Of course you get points for solving them on your own without the game's help, but that really boils down to, ""Is my time worth trying to figure which of these sensitive touch pads wont kill me for a measly 700exp?""Also Patrick Stewart is the narrator, that's cool.3/5, good game, But I'd wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,234080,27732769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Soully,"I'd like to start this off by saying I am a big fan of the lore behind Vlad the Impaler, both fantasy and historic, so the story of Dracula that castlevania tells has always held a special place for me.This series of games is a retelling of the Castlevania story and the origins of Dracula for the game, and honestly it's probably the greatest fiction that's been told on it that I've ever had the pleasure of seeing (I will post no spoilers).  With that in mind I HIGHLY recommend playing this game, then immediately jumping into Lord of Shadows 2.  I have no knowledge on mirrors of fate as I have just received it, but those two flow beautifully.Bare in mind I say this knowing full well there are people out there that disagree with me, and that's fine, that's what is beautiful about video games, there are so many countless choices we can all like something and it doesn't have to be for the same reason.  Disagree? Awesome man! And I really mean that, I don't want us to all agree, because then life would be boring!Now that I can stop gushing (probably not) over the story, let's move on to the rest of the shenanigans:The controls in the game are akin to God of War, Quick Time Events and all.  I actually didn't mind several of the 3D Castlevanias so it gets a passing grade here for me.  The movement feels solid enough and didn't have any kind of sluggish feel to it, nothing stuck out to be fantastic but it did the job just fine.  I haven't attempted using keyboard/mouse controls as this is a game I feel best enjoyed on a controller anyway, so with that, your mileage may vary.The graphics are.....well, it's pretty enough.  There are a few spots that do make you go ""Oooooh, Ahhhhh"", but most if it is good enough that it holds emmersion, but not so pretty you want to stop to look at every detail...maybe only a few.  (All video settings set to max with fullscreen 1920x1080)The settings are....abyssmal, there really is nothing to select.  Vsync, AA, full screen/window, resolution, and that's about it.  I'd have liked to see a more enhanced menu in this day and age.  Yes this game has a few years on it, but let's be serious, we all know the settings of a console to pc port when we see them.The audio is fine, my Sonos Playbar and sub handled it quite nicely and it did well to hold the emotion that should have been with the particular scene.The voice acting was hit or miss sadly....some characters sounded like they fit better than others, by large margins, and it really is a bit unpleasant; however, this is all countered by one fact: Patrick Stewart is narrating the game.  You tell me you don't want this man to read you a bed time story, I dare you.Gameplay: Not to bad actually.  It has a good mix of easy and hard puzzles, and some really well hidden secrets.  There's also some replayability with the backtracking to collect new items as you gain new abilities and the trials modes, as well as harder difficulties.TL;DR:Story: Epic, especially if you combine this game with Lord of Shadows 2 story.  Again, not everyone feels this way, that's ok.Controls: They're fine, there's nothing good/bad about them.Graphics: Eh, pretty enough.Audio: Good enough, sounded pleasant to my ears.Voice Acting: It could have been so much better, it was really super hit or miss.  But remember: Patrick Stewart narrating.Gameplay: Has a few spots of ""What the hell game...."" and ""Oh jesus christ I pressed the jump button right at the edge I should have made that!"" as most all Castlevania games do, but as we all would NEVER admit outloud, we know in our heart of hearts we didn't hit that button at the right time, they game was just better than us that day.Conclusion: Story weighed so heavily for me on this game, and I believe that to be the biggest contributing factor on me recommending this game.  As I've stated a few times, I understand some people may not agree on this. That's. Fine. With. Me.  I truly don't mind that, if you don't believe story is that heavy a weight for you, use the other information to form what you believe you'd like.  Best case scenario though, steam does have refunds now!"
,Recommended,234080,13385004,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,KEEVS,This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. My reasons:1. Story heavy and told well. Emotional rollercoaster.2. Solid brutal combat.3. Sweeping movie quality soundtrack.4. Interesting puzzles.5. Huge epic boss battles.6. Beautiful storybook environments.Few minor complaints:1. Overall quality of the game dips in certain sections (Soundtrack and environments feel very bland and generic)2. Playing for too long can get boring as once you figure out the games formula which is: explore>puzzle>Boss a little too simple for long sessions.Reccomended mainly for the touching story and impact :)
,Recommended,234080,24740853,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Hydroponica,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadows is one of those games that was a pleasant surprise. I purchased it months ago in a sale, and never got around to playing it until recently. It truly is a great game. Graphically, it’s beautiful. The cut scenes are amazing, and the story is really enjoyable. The gameplay is a lot like God of War, Dark Siders, Devil May Cry, etc. I personally, did not have any issues with the controls. Keep in mind, this game was never designed to be played with a Mouse and Keyboard. If you try, you will have a bad time. Save yourself some headaches, and use a controller.Now, I don’t have an FPS counter, because I honestly don’t need a number to tell me if I’m enjoying a game or not. All I care about is that the frame rate is smooth, and constant, and for me, it was while playing Castlevania. I have an i7 5820K and an XFX AMD Fury, with a SSD, so just about any game runs great for me.The puzzles are a good challenge, but the game allows you to skip them, if puzzles are not your thing. Some of the boss fights offered a nice challenge as well.Overall, this is the Castlevania game I’ve been waiting for all these years, and I am extremely satisfied with my $8 purchase.I give this game, a solid 8/10."
76561197992554329,Recommended,234080,23855414,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kibb,"It's a great game that plays very well on keyboard and mouse.My playtime is about 20 hours and I havn't played through the entire game yet.I should say though, the camera is fixed and sometimes so badly placed you can't see anything.Also, some QTE here and there to open doors etc. Doesn't bother me though.Overall, a great game."
,Recommended,234080,8361772,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TolomeoR,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
76561197995043046,Recommended,234080,23184728,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NJ,"WOW! Just finished Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Ultimate Edition and I must say ""WOW"". What an Awesome and brilliant game. This is one of the BEST Hack and Slash games that I have played. This is a very long game but it is every money for it. There are 14 very long chapters. 12 chapters in the actual main storyline and 2 extra chapters as a Resurrection – DLC.You play as Gabriel and you follow his quest to revive his dead wife. As you progress throughout the games you will unlock new abilities and picking up new unique pieces of equipment but some of them come at high price.  There is also magical powers to use in combat and non combat situations. This can be upgraded as well during the game.  You will come across different monsters/creatures like trolls, ghouls, zombies, swordmaster, spiders and so on to Bosses and Titans. The Bosses and Titans are not very easy to kill and are very intense but once you figure out what to do, then it should be okay. There are also puzzles to solve in order to proceed which is very cool.Overall, I would rate this game 100 out of 10. Awesome and Brilliant game. Only if Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 was like this but it is not.SPOILERS here. If you ge stuck Youtube is your best friend sometimes for help. Here is a link to help you if you have pulled all your hair out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWT2P97bi-A&index=1&list=PLtNjbM6SrnmIR-KbHuQ3W67MXM3YPfQ-5"
,Recommended,234080,32184196,Posted: 4 June,all,Lileath's End,"While markedly more unforgiving in its challenges than the similar Darksiders series, this is nonetheless an extremely well-crafted game that I recommend to anyone fond of action games. Moreover it has a simple yet elegant story in a beatifully designed world that leaves you with a craving for more, something that it provides."
,Recommended,234080,13242932,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,josembar,"This is a great hack-n-slash game. Vampires, werewolves, witches, etc. A great game with good history, voice casting, combat and difficulty. I shall buy Lords Of Shadows 2 because I want to know how Gabriel's history will end...oh the poor Gabriel..."
76561197977624113,Recommended,234080,12807377,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,sky_sorcerer,"Super slick graphics, mixed with a cool storyline. This game is quite immersive and will throw some cool animations and mechanics at you that will make it worth buying the game.  Once this game is beat, the sandbox quality drops, would like more expansions as this game is quite linear."
,Recommended,234080,20978371,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,The best 3D castlevania game to date.
,Recommended,234080,823100,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Sysgen,"The first two chapters are, to put it bluntly, boring.  There are too many parts, fourteen acts in total to be exact and my playtime compiled to around six hours.  By the end  of chapter 2 I thought the game over but was astonished to find that there were twelve chapters to come.   If you can make it past the first two chapters then there is quite a journey ahead.Chapters three through twelve are where the meat sticks to the bone.  Some may critique the game as a God of War clone but that's not necessarily a bad badge to wear.  What's important is the content not the cover and the pages read Castlevania.   From a gaming perspective this portion of Castlevania brings much enjoyment.   A fantastic and lengthy part of the game packed with so much content and beautiful scenery ready to be posted to your desktop. A wonderfully orchestrated score worthy of a night out to the Boston symphony.  Well designed combat based on skills that you can purchase at any time given you have acquired enough of the games currency.  Well designed and animated chapter ending enemies that truly invoke a sense of awe.  A theatre worthy dramatic narrative voiced by Patrick Stewart.   Imaginative puzzles and mini games, but perfectly presented such a way that you will not think of consulting a hint guide.  What Castlevania does best, above all it's wonderful attributes is that the game takes the player on a journey.  Few games have ever communicated such a fantastic sense of journey and the connection made by the game to the player in this respect is remarkable.If it all would of ended with Chapter 12.Apparently, for those unfamiliar with the history behind the production of the dlc, Castlevania Lords of Shadow was a huge success.  So much so that Konami was caught off guard by how well the game sold.  Konami had planned no dlc for Castlevania Lords of Shadow but hurriedly produced chapters thirteen and fourteen to capitalize of the success of the game.What's wrong with the dlc is that it appears that Konami could of sold the two chapters as one chapter and that they split them into two for profit.  $20 in total at the time of release.  Content that would not approach one chapter of the main game.  As a whole they are short, have annoying plat-forming sequences based on precision not present in the main game.  The dlc incorrectly purports to tie up any loose ends left by the ending put in place by chapter 12.  If you skip the dlc you aren't missing anything.  Further, there are no professionally produced staged intermediary scenes as contained in the main game, only immersion jerking sketches left to tell the story of our hero.   The sketches are so poorly done in places that I could not discern what was happening upon finishing the dlc.Finishing the dlc.  Let us cross that bridge into the ultimate abyss.  The dlc amazingly gets worse.  What awaits you at the end of the dlc is unfortunately a most frustrating experience.   Given that you have traversed such an expansive game and have taken the time to trudge through the cretinous dlc, you may be compelled to try and finish chapter fourteen.  If you so choose then I wish you good luck.Addendum:To supplement my comments, noting that as a matter of record, Konami has called the dlc a mistake and that senior management thought it would be a good idea and the dlc was rushed.http://www.gamespot.com/news/castlevania-lords-of-shadow-dlc-a-mistake-says-konami-6384937"
,Recommended,234080,30052047,Posted: 19 February,all,MuffinMan,"Mercury steam reboot of the Castlevania series is a interesting spin of the ip in the realm of spectacle fighting.This first title is also organized in non connected sequential levels which still contains secret to be unlocked with abilities discovered much further in the game story. Instead of backtracking to retrive this secret the player can play again the same level and unlock the secret (as players of Devil May Cry series are already used to). While this decision somehow removes the sense of grand scale typical of Castlevania castles and all, it also allow for some creative choices for the level design.The combat system is solid, strikes have impact force despite being almost all whip based and allow for a decent amount of combination, crowd control and power strikes, but not as much as tytles like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta. Mobility during combat is also more limited, you have a dodge roll and a samersoult that can be linked to a reposte attack: they work fine, but they are that.The interesting combat mechanic is the focus mechanic, which builds up a meter for chaining combos and variation of techniques used (as the meter of score for Devil May Cry) and is set back to zero if you are hit. Instead of just being linked to a score rating this focus meter is directly linked to the combat. Once it is filled enemies start giving magic refill, which you can absorb to fill up one of your two magic style (healing/defense style or heavy attack style).Timing your block properly is probably the most efficient way to build up focus meter and create opening to attack even stronger enemies. The sync block mechanic (such is the name of this timing block thing) will create a sort of light explosion which will stagger enemies and slow time for a bit, great visual effect and good for planning your reposte.Enemy variability is high enough both in visuals and in style of combat. Some of the big enemies also have a mechanic of taming, which enables the player to mount them and use them for fighting or accessing various places otherwise inaccessible.The boss fights are either a cheap Shadow of the colossus knock off, or some very interesting and challenging ones. I have no idea why they tried to the first type when they had such interesting ideas and mechanic for the other boss fights.The story is not brilliant but it does its job adding some plot twists and interesting folklore characters.In conclusion, as someone who played too many times Castlevania Symphony of the night and the whole Devil May Cry series I did enjoyed my time playing Castlevania Lord of Shadows, a nice mix of these two type of games. If you also liked these two type of games give it a try."
76561198081704123,Recommended,234080,24057511,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Desabuh,pro:-Storyline is very well done-The whole game will give you more than 30 hours (not bad for an hack & slash)-Boss fights are spectacular-This game has large replayability and sometimes it can be several hardcontro:-Sometimes the game becomes a little repetitive-There are small problems with the hitbox of the enemies-The price is really highIn conclusion it's a really nice game but I recommend to buy it with the steam sale.
76561198071540151,Recommended,234080,24062386,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Krieg,Hard and fun
,Recommended,234080,9593812,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"This is one beautiful gorgeus game, I was playing it with saucer-eyes and a bit of drooling. Incredible, enjoyable fluid combat (controller recommended), the story is nothing new although the very-very end made my jaw drop. I'll sure as hell keep my eyes on the Castlevania series from now on. This game is in my top-3  GOTY of 2013, highly recommended."
,Recommended,234080,7956045,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Aya Shameimaru,"Although it's by no means a Castlevania game in the truest sense, Lords of Shadow is a pretty awesome spectacle fighter that the PC definitely doesn't have enough of.From what I played so far, you can already tell that this is a completely different interpretation of the Castlevania lore, though that really shouldn't prompt you to hit ALT+F4, since the combat is actually quite satisfying, as both the lesser and greater foes in these games are satisfying to kill, and the big guys, although challenging, don't feel like they're designed to sap the fun out the rest of the game. Outside of combat, the control mapping might not make sense, since most games often have you use the light attack button to interact with objects.While some may be put off by the lack of proper keyboard controls, let's be honest: This is a genre designed to be played on a console. Depsite this, the porting quality is actually pretty darn good (though the graphics menu may tell a different story)"
,Recommended,234080,9607285,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Deturis,Awesome.
,Recommended,234080,9003122,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,UnderTheNorm,"Honestly, I didn't think I would enjoy this game when I picked it up on sale one day. The game has proven me so so wrong.To begin, this is the first Castlevania game I have ever played and I know it is a bit different than the originals, so this review is not going to relate it to any of the others in the long series.Even though I never played any of the other Castlevanias, the first thing I think of is dark, gothic, castle crashing. After hours upon hours into the game, I just GOT to a gothic castle that fits this description. The entire first quarter of the game has you traveling through forests, frozen wastelands, and even ancient city ruins. Some die hard fans of Castlevania would argue this just ruins the game nor makes it a true part of the ""Castlevania"" series. I think the exact opposite. The interesting story and dialogue mixed with action packed fights makes the strange and colorful selection of settings very welcomed.Control wise, I recommend playing with a controller, as that is how I am playing (Wired Afterglow 360) and I have had no problems what-so-ever. The fighting reminds me of every other ""Button mashing"" action game, including God Of War. You definitely need to master the abundance of button combos to make it further into the story, otherwise you find yourself with hard to finish fights.The entire game has definitely beat the test of time, the addition of HD graphics and support of newer hardware make this game aesthetically pleasing to watch as is to play, and making it enjoyable to ""catch up"" when the sequel is fast approaching. The music is also very engaging, making each fight, boss or not, epic.Replayability is definitely there. After completing each mission in a chapter, it has a trial that you can attempt to complete while replaying the mission. For example, the first mission requires certain amount of people to survive by the time you beat the boss. Each mission will have it's own unique trial and some will greatly increase the difficulty of the level. Some items will also not be accessible until later in the story, which forces you to 'Come back later' when you get the necessary abilities to obtain them. Some will hate it, I myself enjoy the feature, as it gives me a reason to replay earlier missions to get better upgrades.The game is well worth the $30 dollars and is a complete STEAL when on sale.To the time of reviewing, I have just beaten chapter 7, only about halfway through the story, and it seems to only be getting better. I also got my buddy to pick up a copy and play it as well. I will only keep recommending this game until each of my friends have had the chance to play through this epic story."
76561197968545425,Recommended,234080,9141538,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Checkmat8,If your looking for for a old school NeS feel  with a blend of the new  this is for you great story  and good repay
,Recommended,234080,9142735,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hollow Erto,"I can recommend this game for every PC player, who wants to try some hack n slash game, but hate console like me.. perfect GoW style game, with many bossfights, monsters (bestiary included, thats big + for me), and nice fighting system.. theres also some jump section in the game, which are also good, not perfect, but not boring too.. storyline is classic cliche, however, that doesnt have to mean its bad story :)   only bad thing i hate about this game is, that you have only one weapon through the whole game, which is kind a problem when the game is pretty long.. but i havent felt some stereotype in fight section, maybe because of too many monster types :)   oh, and for me, theres one more good thing, which is that, you can skip some annoying puzzles and dont waste time with them.. u wont get reward, however, u wont be frustrated by them.. so thats all I think, i really enjoyed this game from start to the end, and im looking forward for LoS 2 :D (i played only original game, havent played DLC yet, but i think it will be good as main game, because it adds only two more chapters which i think, wont change much in game itself)"
,Recommended,234080,8981398,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,TheMadness,"People should hear more about this game.  I find it to be deeper and better paced, not to mention much longer, than the more known and well recieved games like God of War.  You get way more for your buck in this game than you do in any other 3rd person action game."
76561198009733059,Recommended,234080,9047188,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Serbakk,"Funny game, play it before sequel comes out"
,Recommended,234080,8964201,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,AquariusRenan,Fantastic Game!
76561198061732696,Recommended,234080,8964834,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Zeric,"I believe it is important to go into this game with a fresh mindset for a fresh game. Do not go in expecting Dawn Of Sorrow, Super Castlevania or any of the past Castlevaina games or else you will be disappointed, this is a total re-invention of the series.First brought out on 360 and PS3 this is a well done port of the consoles' game. Gameplay is for the most part fluid and exciting though the unmovable camera can be cumbersome, however this is not a massive problem for the most part and is unlikely to cause player death. The combat system is a finely tuned version of hack-n-slash with lots of combos to unlock and learn. Despite the large amount of different attacks they combinations are easy to learn and remember.Attacking feels satisfying and fights offer a lot of variety as each different type of enemy has unique attacks and fight styles which encourages learning new fighting methods mid-battle and changing up attacks constantly.An area ‘Lords Of Shadow’ excels at are its environments. Each place Gabriel journeys through hints at unspoken history with snippets of past adventurers fates scattered about. There will be many times you may feel the want to put down your controller and take in the spectacular atmosphere rich scenery.The voice talent in this game is solid with great performances from  Robert Carlyle as Gabriel Belmont and Patrick Stewart as Zobek who convincingly carry the game’s dark plot forward with weight and impact. The story itself is engaging and a great example of character development.I strongly recommend this game for players new to the Castlevania games and to long time fans who have not picked this up yet. For those who owned the game on console, it looks fantastic in 1080p however the cut-scenes have not been up scaled which makes them jarring.However I would not recommend buying it at full price if you are only interested in the DLC as it is telling that the creators stated they did not want to make any DLC but were pressured into it given the game’s successes.. While ‘Reverie’ plays to the game’s strengths and gives more insight into Gabriel after the main game’s final battle and the child-vampire Laura and turns out as enjoyable and interesting, ‘Resurrection’ is simply an extended platforming section filled with many instant death hazards with a single boss battle at the end which is underwhelming and unfair as it punishes you for using the combat tactics the game has taught you to use during the previous 18+ hours of playing. At least though the end of that DLC gives a little more story that is useful to know going into LOS2.Overall a great game that will satisfy for at least the core experience. There is a lot of re-playability on offer to collect hidden items and power-ups and use abilities found later in the game in earlier areas which should keep completionists happy and the beautiful environments and memorable characters will stay will players for a very long time."
,Recommended,234080,9036868,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DoyleSanDesuuuuu~,"A lot of fun. Some brilliant set pieces and a really over the top story of gruff, driven, old fashion revenge.Better than God of War and nearly as good as Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,234080,9036983,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,coolhand,"My wife a moment ago asked me if I had just helped Captain Picard stab a giant in the face.Yes, honey. Yes I did."
,Recommended,234080,9009225,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,chip///,"Being a huge fan of the Castlevania franchise I was a bit anxious about playing this one. Many Castlevania die hard ""fans"" claim this to be not a real Castlevania game. Though I could somewhat see where they are coming from, this game is definitely different. A lot of lore isn't there, the game itself is awesome and it's one of if not the best 3D Castlevania games. The story is awesome, the voice acting was an amazing surprise, and the music as always in every Castlevania game is superb.If i had to knock down this game its the controls. For the most part I had no problems with using a keyboard/mouse but there were instances were my attacks were delayed and it wasn't registering with what i was pushing. Also two of the boss fights are absolute B.S. and i doubt i would have ever beaten without using a controller but in terms of controls that was my only gripe.The other problem is the game could feel repetitive for many, it is at its core, a hack and slash which many find repetitive. Though with addons such as shadow and light magic, different secondary weapons, a large amount of different combos and the various amount of enemies kept the game refreshing for me. Also it looks gorgeous. I'm very excited for Lords of Shadow 2 which will be coming out this month."
,Recommended,234080,34723493,Posted: 3 September,all,NexusSix,"Castlevania: Lord of Shadow is a strange game. I first started this a long time ago and couldnt quite get the hang of combat.(having finished the game I still dont understand the concept of perfect / timed blocks)  I also allowed myself to be influenced by poor reviews and deleted the game to go to pastures new. However the Vampire content drew me back and I felt the games main character was badass enough to take out every Cullen whoever existed and maybe even go toe to toe with Lestat or Blade.On returning I really got into the game and finished it over the summer. The visuals were stunning and a high point for me was the variety of puzzles and boss fights. The bosses really are a stand out in this game each requiring a certain level of timing and skill. A few mini games thrown into these boss fights keep you on your toes especilally when you think your watching a cinematic.I would agree with some reviews in the Camera angle sometimes being a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I find myself going left only for the pov to switch meaning i now have to hold another run direction, but these parts were so few and far between they didnt cause me any trouble. (The Music box final part was one such stage where i blatently lucked it through the electric fields as Gabriel wanted to run down rather than right)God of War clone, well its very similar in regards to the pre mentioned block and tactics envolve a weird whip cross thing  and lots of rolling around and later on double jumping but that said I enjoyed it. My only complaint was with the wide range of skills, combos and abilities, were pretty pointless. My main two combos were 1) Spam the buttons 2) jump and spam the buttons. This old favourite never seemed to let me down and i gave up using level ups around chapter 6 as ability 1&2 were doing the job. I can only assume a lot of people complaining about the controls on this game are NOT using a game pad. Tbh if you dont have one dont bother because I can see the keyboard being utterly pointless and frustraiting for a game like this.Difficulty, the combat was unforgiving and the final level (well it is the final level!!) was tough, not to mention the Forgotten One, who ironically I will not forget. Two nights of attempts and a few guides later and I finally clear him, he is the toughest fight in recent knowledge so I applaud that.I found the story of Castlevania really engaging and kept a good pace, when the end reveal hits you do have a bit of a ""holy cow"" moment. Although the game does not really truely explain how Gabriel accends lets say (dont want to put too many spoilers in here)All in all I enjoyed my run through although I can see how this game is marmite."
,Recommended,234080,11345204,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Great Skeleton War is coming,I get to abuse animals with a whip 10/10
,Recommended,234080,31007493,Posted: 7 April,all,Viegriefen,I really liked the combat system though it can get complicated at times with the number of different combos you can pull off. The camera angle was bad at times but 90% of it was good. I also really liked the story but didn't like the linearity of it. Looking forward to the open world that is the second game.
,Recommended,234080,29469385,Posted: 24 January,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineCastlevania: Lords of Shadow is a game developed by MercurySteam and ported to the PC by Climax Studios and published by Konami Digital Entertainment (#♥♥♥♥onami) and is a reboot to the classic NES series of the same nameThere is a good story generally with a good combat system which includes a variety of combos and when you die you get to keep your things and you don't have to start all over since there are many checkpointsThere are many skills and good experience points gain and the camera is at a fixed perspective, according to the developers, this was done to give more of an epic game and there are many puzzles that make your brain think and this game let's you think a lot when searching for goodsThere is some really good artwork and a good amount of levels, which are about 50 levels through 12 chapters and there is a good amount of content to read and a good 15-20 hours to play it once and not 100% completing it and about 70 hours to 100% complete itHowever, it is a shame that there are no awards for some bosses in the game and some areas are limited while moving. The absorbing energy system distracts you and is slow to consume. The camera widescreen range is not big enough for combat areas and according to the story you should gain powers but that doesn't happen every time and surprisingly there are some logic flaws in the storyBut overall, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a great reboot to such a great classic!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,234080,9653008,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"I wanted to pick a very entertaining game for my 100th review. Something I liked a lot, something that I can only recommend to everybody out there. It is only fair to select a good game and it is even better to pick one that did not start out to be such a game: I mean, let's be honest, the community treats console ports with a bit of a reservation. Initially, this Ultimate Edition offered for PC gamers seemed to be exactly the same as was the Ultimate Edition of Force Unleashed.And how wrong I was! Castlevania is a gorgeously crafted game with a beautiful soundtrack. It is a long journey through varied environments - Gabriel, our protagonist (voiced by Robert Carlyle) is trying to find the Lord of Shadow, this mysterious power threatening our world. Gabriel fights hideous spiders in dark underground caves, ventures through an enchanted forest and a foggy swamp, encounters the vampire queen in the dark corridors of her castle, battles with unholy creatures in cemeteries, fortresses and in catacombs and there's more!While Castlevania is a TPS it has a fixed camera angle in each area. This made the game easy for me as I was using a controller for the first time - it helps as while you already use a lot of buttons for a lot of activities moving the joy to change the camera is not necessary, at all. The upside is the time saving and the ease of play for PC gamers. The downside is that the camera is positioned completely differently sometimes once you go to another section and if there is an ongoing battle with an enemy that follows Gabriel through the next screen you might have issues with controlling Gabriel's movement as the camera angle changes the direction he faces and where he needs to move. So, this might be irritating at first but I do not think there were many moments like that.Gabriel has a cross as a weapon. There is a hidden chain inside which is retractable. Beside this you have a number of silver daggers you can throw and while initially you cannot really do many things throughout the game you can level up by defeating enemies and earning XP and you can purchase new upgrades in the form of new movements. Actually, by the end of the game you are pretty powerful so the game sends different types of enemies instead of increasing the number of hordes jumping at you. This is good as some boss battles require some finesse instead of just mashing a button. These bosses, by the way, tend to be huge and I mean HUGE. The titans you encounter can only be fully visible from a distance and you need to jump / climb on them and hit key parts of their body.Oscar Araujo composed wonderful music for the game. Whether it be played when strolling or when battling enemies this is a soundtrack to be remembered. The game's ultimate edition has two DLCs included which follow the story of Gabriel. They are both very challenging (especially the last one which is a long boss battle with varied sequences) and very satisfying. You can then complete the game on a higher difficulty looking for all the collectibles you have missed out. In addition to the collectibles the game has a reward if you complete a level in a certain way. These trials can often be very challenging (for example: defeat a boss in less than 2 minutes) and some of them require clever thinking.Castlevania is a memorable fantasy game. While I heard this was the reimagining of a franchise quite famous back in the day of SNES and Sega MegaDrive I was not familiar with it, at all. But I did not mind playing it without knowing the background of the characters as it was an invigorating experience."
,Not Recommended,234080,9061327,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,"Oniell Ford, Carnage Cult Leader","CASTLEVANIA REVIEW***UPDATE***Due to the sequel's release, my metacritic score at the bottom has changed!Welcome to my review of ""Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Ultimate Edition""! I will be giving a brief, spoiler-free (as much as possible) rundown on the pro's and con's of the hit game. Note: The spoiler tag may or may not work in this review. It works in the review, but not on the bottom of the actual store page of the game. You've been warned.CharactersGabriel BelmontVoiced by Robert Carlyle.The main protagonist of the game. He's dramatic and emotional, but has to be the most doubt-filled and least-interesting Castlevania character since Sonia Belmont from ""Castlevania Legends"". Seriously, this guy can't get any worse.WARNING!! SPOILERS!!He goes from doubting God to having faith in kicking Satan's butt to ""WOA IS MEH!!!"" from start to finish. He also ends up turning into a vampire and calling himself ""Dracul"" or ""Dracula"" at the end.END OF SPOILERS!!Great character appearance, wonderful voice actor, but horrible writing.ZobekVoiced by Patrick Stewart.The mysterious aid of Gabriel's from the Brotherhood of Light. He narrates the start of each level, and gives us an interesting view of events on the progress of the main character.WARNING!! SPOILERS!!Turns out to be one of the main villains of the game. Zobek is ""Lords of Shadow""'s version of Death AKA The Grim Reaper from the main series.END OF SPOILERS!!Has great voice acting due, in no small part, to Patrick Stewart.The Lords of ShadowMain villains of the game. Each one was based on random characters from past games. Each one is lord over a division of classic fantasy monsters, with their own story of origin. Despite the creative effort of Mercury Steam's writers, they ended up being a mostly-petty rehash.WARNING!! SPOILERS!!You battle two of them, and the third is revealed at the end of the game.END OF SPOILERS!!Great boss fights, but shameful use of good characters.WARNING!! SPOILERS!!SatanVoiced by Jason Isaacs.The main villain of the game and a first for the franchise. Though a small appearance at the end of the game, he turns out to give us a fairly interesting boss fight and twist of the plot along with getting a major role in the sequel. His appearance is, simply, a half-naked Ozzy Osbourne with a long black staff. And no, that wasn't a sexual joke. Decent voice acting and tough fight, but I felt like something was missing from him.GameplaySingleplayerA fast-paced slaughter of a variaty of creatures with a story that unfolded at a good speed. Has some tough challenges that you'll probably take a few days to do and wonderful graphics to keep you dazzled. Has a good array of combos and the franchise-favorite sub-weapons, some with an interesting spin on the classics. And, due to the DLC's, expands the story much more to set-up the events of the sequels. Sadly, no matter what I did, the game ends up feeling a bit too button-mashy.Replay value4.5/5ConclusionPros+ Great voice acting.+ Good action in both cutscenes and gameplay.+ If you're a believer in The Lord, you'll love the little bits of Christianity scattered about.Cons- If you hate religion, you'll love the ending.- Terrible plot-twists and repeatitive gameplay.- Unbelievable amount of nudity. Almost ""Duke Nukem""-worthy (and that's a bad thing for Castlevania).Game Review Score: 5.9Honestly, you're better off buying ""Castlevania: Judgement"" on the Nintendo Wii. Eventhatgame was more satisfying than this!Series Review Score: 3.2After the release of ""Lords of Shadow 2"", it shows just how horrible of a job Mercury Steam did creating the trilogy. As a true Castlevania fan, I am very disappointed in them and Konami's allowance to create this!AfterwordMy personal name for the game (which might upset some people) is ""Rehashlevania: Lords of Ghetto - Idiot Edition"". My friends also use this term.I'd love to see what IGA (the guy in charge of creating Castlevania games) thinks of ""Lords of Shadow""!Thank you for reading.- Oniell."
76561198014702049,Recommended,234080,10556964,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lord Tommy,"It's a decent action platformer, but be warned the last boss fight (as part of one of the UE DLC's) is about 50 times harder than anything else in the game for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason.Pros: Great sound track, decent combat, responsive controls, many boss fights have some pretty cool cinematics.Cons: My god the writing...  Plot is kinda nonsensical, hard to understand character motivations, also the camera.  You will fight the camera quite a bit.  Protip, the camera will win 90% of the time.Buy this cheap under $20 bucks and enjoy a game that will probably take you about 25 - 30 hours to finish if you don't care about completion, an amount of time that has been drastically reduced with games in the last two years..."
,Recommended,234080,9052783,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,HyMxzx,"if you need the money for another game , just don't buy it"
76561197970549991,Recommended,234080,7949133,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,RedFox,"I love this game and can't wait for the sequel next year. I picked up this version after having already beat it twice on console due to the DLC being cheap. Overall, the DLC was a step down from the rest of the game. The first one was mostly puzzle solving and the second one was mostly dying a lot (it's hard). Still, Lords of Shadow was one of my favorite titles from the PS3/Xbox360 era and it looked even better on my PC!"
76561198002380447,Recommended,234080,23147556,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Your_Fear,"Masterpiece!!!!!!This is one of those game that at the beginning I regreted to buy. The beggining is some slow for me. Kept it closed for may be years without playing. Decided to give a try just because it was that kind of time when I felt I needed to play something else other than shooters. Long story short I got blasted by the game. It has good story, good sound, good music, good voice very good level design that I would not enjoy so much if it was not for its terryfic 3d compatibilty. It is also very good in eyfinity. I am playing it in both modes combined. If I was younger this would be one of those games that would cause me to sleep only 3 to 5 hours before going to work."
,Not Recommended,234080,9108117,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fried Owl,"As a huge fan of combat RPGs like theGod of War,DarksidersandPrince of Persiaseries' I had great expectations for Castlevania. All the reviews pointed out its favourable similarities to these games. Although Lords of Shadow has elements of those games it falls way short in a number of areas.The Bad1. Very Linear Gameplay- It's actually about as linear as the God of War series where you have no camera control and you follow very tightly defined paths. However, GoW balanced that out by adding hidden areas filled with collectables. So you could explore nooks and crannies to find extras. Castlevania on the other hand is so linear it feels more like an interactive story book with 0 choice in outcome. The collectables are all on the main paths so there's no difficulty in finding them. Smashing objects reveals knives which you often have a full complement of already - making them useless.2. Confusing Story- All the games I mentioned above had rich and detailed stories mixing fascinating myths with new fantasy twists. On the one hand Castle was a mass of cliches (love, dead wife, revenge, etc, etc.) but on the other it was a baffling mess (what am I? who is the narrator that seems to know me? why would being able to resurrect the dead (necromancy) be a good thing?). Some of these questions get answered but far too late for my liking.I was left confused and emotionally detached from the characters and game for far too long.I didn't care about the protagonist or his quest or anyone in the game.4. Slow To Get Going- I oiriginally wrote this review after playing for 10hrs and was pretty unimpressed. Its gotten slightly better since playing another 3hrs as more of the story has begun to make sense and extra combat moves unloclk.But the fact remains:a game shouldn't take 10hrs of faffing to start making sense and open up enough combat moves to make play fun.4. Main Character's Voice Acting- I can't tell if the voice actor is faking a Scottish accent or its so weak it feels wishy-washy. The dialogue, especially with his wife was horrendously wooden. After she is consumed by some darkness in the afterlife and pledging her love his best reaction is a muted: ""I love you too"". I've heard better acting from circus fleas.The Good1. Combat & 'Vehicles'- the combat as with most combat RPGs is interesting although it takes a while to unlock the best moves. You do get to control a wider variety of beasts including Wargs, trolls and spiders. For much longer than most games - in fact they get as much use as vehicles in famous FPS games.2. Dark & Light Magic- You get Dark and Light magic in this game and you can switch between the two to get different moves and effects. Light will hewal you with every strike and dark will boiost your damage output. Add to that a set of extra moves for each too. It adds a whole new dimension to combat which is pretty refreshing.However, as mentioned previously it takes a while before you even get access to these extra abilities.3. Patrick Stewart- his voice acting as the narrator and Brother (NPC) is the only redeeming feature of the voice acting cast. Adding some much needed gravitas and emotion.ConclusionBuy the game in a sale or at least play a demo to see if you'd like it. Don't be fooled into thinking its like other similar games like God of War, Darksiders, etc. It has similarities but I think its lacking in some key areas.Don't pay full price for this. Thankfully I bought this on sale so I'm not too bothered with the disappointing gameplay. But if I'd paid full price I'd be pretty peeved"
,Recommended,234080,9097476,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kenshiro3,"So, what did it think of the game? In short, it... was... beautiful... I was completely taken aback by this game. It blew my expectations out of the water then proceeded to BLOW MY F*****G MIND!This game is EPIC Beyond Belief! It is not only an AWESOME 3D Castlevania, but it’s an AWESOME game PERIOD! It also has one of, if not THE best stories in SERIES HISTORY. The story is AWESOME beyond description. It also has some of the BEST VOICE ACTING I HAVE EVER HEARD IN A VIDEO GAME EVER!It’s not perfect though, not by any standard. It has a few minor issues. It’s an incredible game held back by a slight lack of polish. As such I can't give it a perfect score. It’s STILL one of the best games in the series. So I would give this game 8.9 out of 10.PROS- Beautiful detailed graphics and visuals. The game is a true piece of eye candy.- Incredible art design all around- Some of the best acting to be found in video games.- BEAUTIFUL and epic original music score- Epic and sweeping story unmatched in scope or writing within the series- Identifiable & believable characters- AWESOME and satisfying combat system- AWESOME boss battles- An ending that will tear are your heart open then make you crap your pants in amazement- Roughly 20 Hours of gameplay with loads of replayability- Unforgiving but Fair Difficulty- Linear Gameplay- PATRICK STEWART, MOTHER F****R!!!CONS- Linear gameplay- TONS of OBVIOUS invisible walls- Easy to miss environmental exploration cues- Fixed camera can interfere with control- Barrows a most of its gameplay elements from other games"
,Recommended,234080,12166588,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Blerp,"This game is great. . . When it comes to the story. The plot is fantastic and I played through to the end because I was so interested in where it was all going; the story literally grabs you and pulls you down, it's presented very well through the narration (patrick ♥♥♥♥ing stewart.)The game play kind of sucks though. The camera is fix and it makes combat kind of wonky. Particularly with the keyboard and mouse it's a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare. The combat itself isn't very difficult and doesn't give too much challenge which is nice if you're someone who would like to play just for the story, but because of the strange camera it does at times get kind of frustrating. I remember one particular area where the camera would switch between two entirely different angles (from top down kind of, to from the side) if you moved to a certain spot while fighting some difficult enemies.It's not a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it definitely was not done as well as it could have and it ♥♥♥♥s the game play to a fair extent."
,Recommended,234080,7893561,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kate Middleton,"Castlevania Lords of Shadows supprised me positivily. The story is really awesome and the characters are interesting especially Gabriel, the main character you will be playing with.The story is about Gabriel, member of Brotherhood of Light who is trying to save the world from evil by obtaining powers from the Lords of Shadows. If he can get the powers from Lords of the Shadows, he can also bring back his dead wife, Marie.Gameplay is abit clumsy if you are using keyboard and mouse. If you have Xbox controller it will make the gameplay much more smoother especially in boss fights.I would recommend this game for everyone who is fan of the previous Castlevania games, Gothic world or to anyone seeking really good storytelling, awesome boss fights and good voice acting. And even Patrick Stewart is one of the voice actors in this game!"
76561198289373353,Recommended,234080,24322463,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Sanjuboy,"Not the Greatest in the Genre but still pretty EpicCastlevania: Lords of Shadow is an epic game though there are a few who would say otherwise. The reasons behind that is people feel - that the game is tough (which it is for the first few hours especially on higher difficulty), the camera sucks or the game's combat is a rip-off of the much acclaimed God of War series. To be honest, there is some degree of truth in these conceptions but that doesn't make this a bad game. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a combination of many good things - new cool & unique ideas and a few good ones from other games, all beautifully delivered in one package. The game doesn't completely steal concepts from other games, but there are strong flavors from games like Shadow of the Colossus, God of War and such but it doesn't compromise the uniqueness and originality of the Castlevania world. Here is a spolier-free review that'll cover a few important areas of the game. It'll be an unbiased review as I have not played any Castlevania games before.STORY- The story sounds simple and not so special at first but it gains considerable momentum and it does a good job in keeping you interested throughout. There are a few surprises from time to time and the ending is nothing short of amazing and it makes you want to purchase the sequel. Just so you know, this game is about Gabriel, a knight belonging to the Order of Brotherhood of Light who is in search for revenge and a solution to bring his wife back to life. The story is dark and centers on dark beings such as Vampires, Werewolves and Necromancers. The story moves at an adequate pace and is nicely delivered. This is quite a big game in terms of game length (around 40hrs if not rushed) and the story never felt off-pace or boring.GAMEPLAY-  Hack and Slash, Intense boss fights, Skill-involved (you simply can't button mash). You gotta observe and learn from the enemies, dodge and block and then make use from a huge variety of combos to defeat your enemies. I would certainly agree on the game being tough and it was a little uninteresting for the first 6 or 7 hours story-wise but the true prize awaits those who actually bite through the first few hours. The game really comes to life after that and soon you are entitled to tons of overpowered gear and things start to scale well. Apart from that the game offers lots of cool puzzles and most importantly BOSS FIGHTS!!! Have to say these are some of the most intense bosses I've fought. And there are lots of them. Tons of enemies and you can even mount and ride trolls, warthogs and what not. Personally, the variety is what makes this game truly epic. Though the levels are pretty much linear, there are tons of things this game throws at you and it never gets repetitive. As for camera being horrible, its not. In my 48 hours of gameplay i hardly cursed the camera for dying. Every game is unique and it is just a matter of getting used to it. The camera was never an annoyance for me. As for controls, a controller is preferred without a doubt. No idea how one can use a keyboard and mouse for this game. Might be doable but I doubt if it'll be enjoyable.SOUND- The voice acting is top notch. The music is amazing and the dialogues are really well written. I really fell for the voice acting/dialogue that I got goosebumps when I came face-to-face with the first boss. I knew from that moment on that this game is going to have a good script.GRAPHICS- Might seem pretty outdated now (ps3 like graphics) but it looks decent enough for a hack and slash. Never ugly and never eye candy. It lies somewhere in the middle though leaning a bit towards eye candy side.REVIEW IN A NUTSHELLSafe to say this game is not a total rip-off of other games in the genre.Slow and hard start but endure for six hours. It's really worth it after that.So much variety in terms of Gear, Combos, Enemy Units, Puzzles plus things you can do like riding a warthhog, troll etc.Boss Fights are spectacular and good thing is there are tons of 'em.Linear but fun.Camera ain't a pain in the neck as most people say it to be.They have slightly overdone the chupacabras (a funny little ugly mischievous creature).Great voice-acting, music and dialogues.Big game. Expect around 40 hours of gameplay if not rushed.Achievements are real tough. 100%ing the game is a real challenge. Damn near impossible.The DLC involving the Forgotten One is going to test your patience. Keep your gamepad strapped to your hands.Controller is the preferred choice.MY SCORE: 85/100"
,Not Recommended,234080,11783986,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[A-Team]LECHIP,"I honestly don't think this game is up for the reviews. If you play it in any serious difficulty is full of movement bugs, glitches, unresponsivenes and simply bad movement and level design. The story is very good, though the DLC is kind of uninspired and clearly just to make more money. I was into it because I was always interested to get into the Castlevania franchise but all the other games made my head spin with so many alternate stories. This one rebbots the series with a decent story but awful gameplay."
,Not Recommended,234080,14149183,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,iwem.xo,"It looks gorgeous, and that's about the only enjoyment I'm getting out of it. Let's list the cons:- Levels are linear, but still have hidden items that will require upgrades you don't yet have to collect them. Getting those hidden items will therefore require you to play through certain levels again wile enduring:- Bad combat. Basically God of War, except the enemies don't react a lot to getting hit, they're basically sponges for punishment. Most of the moveset is not that useful. In fact, about half your combat moves are only usable while magic is active, which you don't get a lot of. A lot of attack animations can't be block-canceled out of.- Unpassable chest-high-wall syndrome, or worse, invisible walls over knee-high objects. These make exploring feel bad, and you do want to explore for upgrades.- Tedious climbing. Gabriel moves rather slowly compared to, say, Lara, and as climbables are highlighted, requires no brainpower either. Unless they're obscured by the camera, of course. At least the environments you climb are pretty.- The Camera. It's not under your control, and will too often screw you out of seeing enemies while they're pummeling you, or disorient you when switching between views. It will also often be very zoomed out, making it hard to see enemy attack wind-up animations.- Patrick Stewart is woefully miscast, and sounds like he's phoning it in while reading absolute garbage prose.- No healing orb/item drops require you to first kill (a lot of) enemies to get magic orbs, then activate light magic, and then hit enemies in order to heal. In practice, this means that I don't use the dark magic often to hit harder, because I need more health.I enjoyed my time with other off-brand God of War titles like X-Men Origins: Wolverine or Dante's Inferno a whole lot more. I think Wolverine has a PC version too. Get that instead, unless you're really (REALLY) into the artstyle of this game."
,Recommended,234080,12986049,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kae,Patrick Stewart
,Recommended,234080,16729201,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Vhan,"Well, another ""Yes"" in my review list. (Total rate: 9/10)This is the second time i play the whole Castlevania:LoS game, first time on PS3...when they announced this to PC i knew that i should have it.Finish the main game in around 18h (knight/hard difficulty), with 1 skill, 1 health upgrade and 1 magic upgrade left.So what's good here?-Excellent music 9/10-Excellent story 9/10-Excellent in-game environments 10/10-Very good playability. 10/10What could be bad here?-Re-playability as usual is based in just play the unlocked hardest difficulty and get all upgrades/secrets (but still, is enjoyable). 8/10-The game is kinda easy (for those used to hack&slash games, hard difficulty should be kinda easy). 7/10-For those who don't like ""in-game puzzles""this may be an issue (you still can skip them).As some of you not know... the ""Ultimate edition"" means you have:Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Reverie DLCCastlevania: Lords of Shadow - Resurrection DLCThat basicallyCONTINUES THE STORYof LoS, and let you know about why Gabriel Belmont (main character) become what he become at the end. Finish the DLC's in about 4 hours (final boss was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for me).Total rate: 9/10"
,Recommended,234080,7563929,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Daniel Rodrigues,"Jogo mto top, gráficos mto bons, jogabilidade excelente, bom enredo e estória."
76561198056766067,Recommended,234080,5990905,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Artstein,"One of the most epic games I played for a long time , recommending for everyone who likes action-adventure type games (like DMC or God of War and etc.) with outstanding voice-acting , story , design and graphics (for game of 2010). 9/10"
,Recommended,234080,9442764,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Bloughsburgh,"First off, if you played the classic and metroid style castlevanias and are interested in this game based on that fact - Don't. This is a seperate story, reimagining. There isn't really much Castlevaina from this game. Think of it more as a ""Insert-God of War/Devil May Cry - simple combo fighting - adventure game"" with a Van Helsing flair.You play as Gabriel Belmont (Oh so it is Castelvaina!) who is sent on a mission by his holy brotherhood to find out why the world sucks so much. The story is divided into cutscenes (cinematic and in-game) throughout the levels and push the story well enough. It's nothing earth shattering so don't expect too much. I appreciate that there is a voice-over for every single new level (There are good amount of levels) and some cutscenes are fairly lengthy and have a lot of depth to them. The meat of Lords of Shadow (LoS) is the gameplay of course. You have a combat cross (Chaos Blades) that has a whip extension that allows you to attack enemies from varying distances. One button does quick direct attacks and another does area type. You can dodge, jump, and move freely during combat. Shortly into the game, you'll be given the ability to use Light Magic and Shadow Magic. These are activated via two seperate buttons and allow for your sub-weapons (Oh man, it is totally Castlevaina!) to be imbued with different effects. Light magic restores your health on each hit, while Shadow generally does higher damage. Since it follows in the GoW concept more than anything, you will have to perform Quick Time Events (QTEs) *Lightning strikes*  ALL THE TIME, EVERY LEVEL, EVERY 3 MINUTEs, FOREVER.I have never seen so many QTEs in a game before. Almost every grab attack involves one, mini-bosses involve at least two, and major bosses can have up to ten! These QTEs vary from Rotating the control stick, push any button when the white circles intersect, and mash button for gameplay! It would have been just as satisfying to have Gabriel do the actions as a cutscene since that's 90% what it is anyway. I made this an entire section of this review because it is absurd to the point of hilarity how many button mashes and suprise cut-scene inputs there are in this game.With that out of the way, I can say this game is actually quite enjoyable! The first two hours (This is a 20+ hour game!) start out slow but once you have both magics, the game starts to pick up. Hand holding is present throughout your entire experience so you'll never be lost for too long...which can be both a blessing and a curse (more so a curse) but the amount of varitey the levels provide more than makes up for the short comings. EVERY level has something unique. Every level felt like a new experience...with being a linear game that's pretty impressive. One stage may have you ride horse back on a spirtial horse, while another has you fighting a wall crushing orge. Another may have you subdue a giant spider to create web bridges to proceed, while the next has you scaling a gargantuan stone titan Shadow of the Colussus style. The game looks great too with great lightning to capture the atmosphere and glorious vistas to gaze upon. It is a shame that the linear nature reminds you are in a game as seemable areas that you could jump to or run up to will be inivsible barriers. The game isn't entirely easy either. I played on the hardest difficulty availabe for a first playthrough (So the second highest) and had some trouble spots. Still, I would say any lower would make the game a push-over.Other than combat, you'll also encounter some ledge hoping and grapple hook swinging and even some puzzles. As expected, the parkour stuff is brain dead with push jump when you reach the edge and the puzzles are for the majority require no brain activity save for a few which may require a brain twitch. Most puzzles seem like filler to pace the action and never make you feel good about yourself (or at least they shouldn't.) Lastly, you gain experience points when you kill monsters and solve puzzles without unlocking their solutions which can be used to buy extra moves for your magics and base attacks.So is there any castlevaina to be found? Yes, I enjoyed the 3 chapter spanning reimaging of Dracula's Castle which made you feel at home again. Also there are some back tracking options to grab some upgrades for your sub-weapons which require you to usually beat a major boss to unlock the ablity to do so. I can count on both hands the amount of back-tracking that is involved.Being the Ultimate edition, you get the 2 DLCs that came out. They act as an epilogue of sorts and I find they detract from the actual core story. The first DLC is mindless puzzles and the second is a big minigame with a boss. Spoilers: You use QTEs to defeat him.There is always more to say about that game, but I can recommended this game at it's full price if you are interested in a lengthy adventure beat-em up game. For those on the fence due to the branding of Castlevaina, I would advise checking a Let's Play or the like first."
76561198093008181,Recommended,234080,9390779,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Blue,Best game ever! totally worth its money
76561198039698928,Recommended,234080,4606219,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Pelerin,"Fantastic action adventure, a mix of GoW and PoP - tons of fun, good combat and platforming - beautiful visuals and soundtrack. Really great game."
76561197971881412,Recommended,234080,8400737,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dhalsim,"+Good voice acting+Good Combat+Good Puzzles+Good Platforming+Ending Pays off+Excellent soundtrack-No Bloody Tears soundtrack-Easy, Recommend playing on hard."
76561198077338525,Recommended,234080,9071645,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DOCGAMING,"castlevania, one of the leading franchises fails to dissapoint with beautiful graphics and a new meaning to castlevania. this game is a big jump for the company as it was nominated for various awards. castlevania lords of shadow has impressive combo system and a story of a man named gabriel belmont. hours of fun can be expected from this game, the only thing i could say tht was a downside was the camera system which was really poor. overall i would rate this game a definate 9/10, it truely is a must buy game"
76561197988060720,Recommended,234080,9241792,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,THE MASTERFODAO,COOL!
,Recommended,234080,9139895,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Duskien,"Fun action game. Very similar to Devil May Cry. Has some great boss fights and locations.First few chapters drag on abit, but if you can get past that the game really picks up. There's about 15 hours for the main game, and a few more for the 2 dlc chapters."
76561198004585454,Recommended,234080,8709909,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Phasefire,This is the most amazing storytelling eperience I have had in a long time.
,Recommended,234080,8266610,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Klash,"Well well well... Cant say if it is about the storyline, the action, the slaying combos, or the epic magestic backgrounds and graphics, etc etc but... to me... this is so far, the best game i bought this year!!!!! Can't wait to for the sequel!!"
,Recommended,234080,13566989,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Coral,"There are so many similarities between Lords of Shadow and Dante's Inferno: play style, plot, upgrades, boss fights, naked demon ladies. If you liked that game, then you'll probably like this one as well. Although, overall I had a better time with this game. On normal difficulty, it's slightly easier then Dante's Inferno- yet still provides a challenge- and the level system gives it more of an inceptious replay value. Plus there's a sequel; not just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC that isn't worth a damn."
,Recommended,234080,8495911,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nathaniel Renko,Actually a really good game. god of war-ish if i say so. Loving it :)
76561197995960237,Not Recommended,234080,14317776,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,No_Cool_Names_Left,"I'm very disappointed.  I looked forward to purchasing this game for a long while, and I wish that I hadn't.  It doesn't feel anything like the old Castlevania; not that I'm against innovation or anything.  I can't make myself become interested in the story, and sometimes, I just do not feel like waiting for Patric Stewart to read through a wall of text on the screen.  I cannot stand the camera in this game.  I can't control it at all, and it's very annoying and disorienting to have the POV jump 180 degrees back and forth if I happen to go through whatever tunnel or doorway,  Also, b/c the camera doesn't stay behind my character's back, I have died a few times b/c I simply could not see what was in front of my character since it was all off screen, facing towards me.  Such a stupid design, and it carries over to navigating the guy along the wall edges.  Sometimes, I can't quite judge which direction they want me to aim the stick, so I'll jump to my death a few times, or trying to traverse wooden beams and spider webs, but the camera is at an odd angle (not 45, 90, 180) so I can't quite get him to walk straight without having to stop and catch my balance every 2 seconds.  I am really just not having any fun at all with this game, and partway through Chapter II, I had forgotten how many chapters there were until I went back to the main map.  I don't know if I need to sit through an entire game that is not fun at all, with an annoying camera, and the game seems like it may be about 40+ hours to complete.  I really hate to add yet another game to my ""Not Playing"" category, but this one looks to be well on its way.  Surely, there must be some mods or something that people are using that cause them to actually enjoy playing this mess."
76561198285346873,Recommended,234080,29795810,Posted: 8 February,all,Celiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine,"I bought this game last year but never actually played it until a couple weeks ago, I actually played all 3 LOS games within the past two weeks and I've gotta say, this one is by far the best one! It's got a brilliant story that pulls you in and makes you care about the protagonist and has you wondering about what's going to happen next. Between each new chapter/level it has narration done by the great Patrick Stewart, and has cutscenes throughout the game. The voice acting is really just phenomenal, job well done by Robert Carlyle and everyone else. I like that it has levels that you have to complete to progress the storyline, rather than being an open world. It makes the game and story easy to follow, there are a few collectibles that cannot be attained within the first play through of the level, as you need special abilities to gain access to them, but that isn't too big of a deal though.The art and level designs are absolutely beautiful! From the vibrant colours of Pan's Temple to the alluring ruins of Agharta, with an enchanting sunset in The Three Towers level that makes you feel like you're in the Mediterranean. And of course, to the wintry scenes of the Vampire's castle, which give you a chill just by playing it as you scale the dark and looming castle! Those are just some descriptions from the scenes I saw while playing the game, there are so many more and each level has something new to show.The puzzles were great fun and added an extra element to the game, while some can be frustrating and take a little while to figure out, there's always the option to skip the puzzle, though I'd recommend you take a moment to collect your thoughts and attempt the puzzles before just giving in, as they offer rewards for completing them.The music was beautiful too, though it wasn't catchy like the old Vampire Killer or Bloody tears from the classic games, it was quite fitting for the game that Lords of Shadow is. Also there is a little gem throwback near the end of the game,a music box rendition of Vampire Killer.The game drops a few hints and salutes its predecessors here and there.All in all, I enjoyed the game a lot, and yes, it did have some flaws, as with any game, but for me personally, the pros outweigh the cons by far!"
,Recommended,234080,8253081,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[TGL] Dogg,"To be short, this game is simply amazing and I couldn't understand why there's people who wound't buy it.Now explaing my point of view, Castlevania's serie has been with me through my childhood until now, with the earlier 2D plataform games and the best in my humble opinion that is Symphony of the Night.But the game has changed a lot, and you cannot expect a 2D plataformer on this one. This game looks more a God of War with Devil May Cry game than an earlier Castlevania. But it has the details, the feels of Castlevania itself.The storyline has a very good approach, the gameplay (with controller, haven't played with keyboard + mouse) is confortable and allows nice and powerful combos without needing a new pair of hands. I beat the first XII capters on Knight difficult (highest available from the start) and I'm try now on Paladin mode, because I found a little too easy to win the game with it (but don't think you're not going to die, because you are, and a lot).If you don't enjoy games like GoW and DMC I won't recommend you to play this one just because of the title, since the game has a whole different take now. But if you enjoy even a little and love Castevania like I don't, I don't know what are you waiting for."
76561198039476011,Recommended,234080,8335256,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rigel,"incredible action game,  starts a little slow but the combat soon becomes rich and fluid in combos, epic boss battles and twist in history makes this a must play game for action fans"
,Recommended,234080,14286611,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kuhn,"If you are fan of Castlevania games, you must consider it's not like the usual style and it goes more the way of the older 3D Castlevania games with a specific straight forward path. It has a little bit of exploration but is mostly to find collectables.Graphically I must say it's really beautiful, from the character design to the environtment. It ran really good on my old computer and with this one runs at 60 fps smoothly, though the prerendered videos are capped to 30fps.Music is alright and sometimes maybe a bit soft to my liking but it doesnt get you in the way at all.About the game's plot, theres not much to say, looks really interesting and has some events that you didnt expect.Now to the serious issue, gameplay:As I said before, it's pretty straight forward, meaning there is only one path to follow and you can't really get lost. There are TONS of puzzles to do and it gives a bit of variety, but sometimes I got the feeling they added puzzles just for the sake of it (NOTE: When you reach a puzzle, there is always a body nearby).While the combat seems really pleasing and fun with a variety of combos and abilities to get through the game's plot, the negative point is the horrendous fixed camera. Sometimes the camera tries to get into some dramatic or cool positions that kinds of disturb the combo you are trying to do or gives you clues from where you have to go. Also most of the time it takes like several seconds to reposition, leaving you confused and vulnerable if you are against some foes, I died several times because of that.In this game you will die a lot if you are careless, because of a bunch of enemies attacking you at the same time or from a buffed mid boss that takes you around a good portion of your health.Overall I's a really good game that will take you several hours to complete, and including the DLC's which extend the story an hour or so if you are pro.Pros:+Good graphics.+Cool plot.+Gabriel is awesome.Cons:-Fixed camera.-Lots of puzzles.-Some enemies are really tough to beat."
76561198101908030,Recommended,234080,12432260,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,s3r@ph,"Truly, Lords of Shadow is the pinnacle of 3D era Castlevania.While it is true that at times the gameplay can be difficult to adapt to, that has more to do with player adjustment than with faults of the game itself.Once the timing of combat and movement has been mastered, Lords of Shadow becomes a combination of 3d and 2.5d action that rivals even the legendary ninja gaiden 2 in quality of action.Where Castlevania truly shines however, is in the development of a richly gothic world filled with unique colors and interesting characters. Virtually every level provides a new fantastic set piece supported by quality orchestral music and superbly voiced characters.Where the game falls short however, is in the way it approaches wall climbing, which amounts to watching a heavily armored man crouching in seemingly impossible positions to navigate areas in what can feel like a forced inclusion of elements normally found in tomb raider or uncharted.In addition to this, the storyline, although well voiced and with interesting scenes, is very light on detail and leaves large question marks regarding some of the overall plot or lore.All this aside the game is still highly worth playing for any fan of hack and slash titles or castlevania in general."
76561198032080497,Recommended,234080,8484945,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ringo's Reckoning,"Great Game!!! Combat is a blast, the Story is satisfying, good pace not to fast not to slow. Voice acting is awesome!!!If you like any previous Castlevania , Darksiders, or Devil May Cry games.....YOu should be satisfied wityh your purchase and time spent playing."
76561198069729491,Recommended,234080,6586277,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Geno,Otimo jogo.
,Recommended,234080,7853536,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sambombe,"Epic, beautiful and fantastic game. Great history, combat, music and puzzles. The scenarios are the best i ever seen in a game. The only letdown is the fixed camera and some puzzles fights are annoying because of that. The telegraphs from enemies are hard to see sometimes. Aerial combat is poor in most of the fights, and you get to use it little. The DLCs are poor, in comparison to the main game, combat/puzzle and storywise. The  last DLC fight is a pain. Nonetheless, a great action game."
76561197993182394,Recommended,234080,8179756,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Coijas,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game for fans of the hack and slash genre in the style of Devil May Cry, God of War, etc. It's certainly not perfect: I'm not a fan of the fixed camera, and the DLC boss was way too difficult when compared to the rest of the game. Having said that, me and my wife had a ton of fun completing all trials and getting all achievements. Good PC games in this genre are very rare and should be celebrated."
,Recommended,234080,348462,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,really awesome game! ive heard if you dont have a gamepad to get one though. i havent tried mouse and keyboard.
,Recommended,234080,8213074,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Séth,"this is definitely one of the best games I've been playing this year.story, soundtrack, voice acting, the cutscenes - it's a great packagethe characters are detailled like in few games nowadays and the varying scenery covers basically anything that comes to mind.the only downsides are the controlls and the camera - I got stuck at some point because it was just impossible to use the keyboard as input device any longer and i had to switch to my ps3 controller - well, not that bad, but still...and secondly the fixed camera positions - argh - it was like Resident Evil 2 all over again...I sure hope they'll get rid of those and by chance even inplement a free 3rd person view in the sequel...anyhow - I'll definitely go for the mising stones and achievements in this game and am very much looking forward to the great finale"
,Recommended,234080,22619629,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Exterminans27,"This was the first Castlevania game I ever played and I absolutely loved it.A really great adventure game with a big variety of enemies and fun boss battles.It's pretty combat heavy, with a little bit of climbing and some puzzles thrown in here and there.Overall it was exactly what I hoped it would be."
,Recommended,234080,941844,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,big rag,c un jeux pourrit . gele au deuxieme niveau . personne ne donne de reponse steam ..boff te renvoie a komani .pis eux c de la m.....
,Recommended,234080,9176128,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,blade2032,"Great remake/reboot of Castlevania. Plays a lot like God of War, so if you're into those games, you should enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,234080,13287458,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,dc,"This game is....legendary. I'm at the final battle with The Forgotten One, but he's proving to be a handful. Will set aside a night to pound the crap out of him though. Back to the game! Sweet graphics, awesome musical score and killer combos with the Combat Cross! Get this game as soon as it goes on sale again! (Grabbed it along with part 2 and Mirror of Fate for only US$19.22)"
76561198056504989,Recommended,234080,10856088,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Miles Hiles,worth the money. and the gore.
,Recommended,234080,8886753,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,KefkaVI,A great Castlevania Game if you like the old ones then you'll love this one! =)
,Recommended,234080,11006378,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ＣＯＮＮＩＰＴＩＯＮＳ,"Never was a big fan of Castlevania franchise, never expected much from this one, yet it turned out to be one beautiful arcade experience.Didn't like it that much in the beginning, though, had to endure some things, like the infamous QTEs or the abusive need to base your combat around parrying. Yet, once you get to understand how things work, you get to enjoy the rich atmosphere - it may be inferior to some RPG titans like Dark Souls or Skyrim, but the feeling of being on a crusade is real.There's also this rather popular opinion, that C:LoS is too long and repetative. While it repeats itself in a certain way, the similar parts get reacher each time you encounter them. In the end it felt really rewarding to 100% the game. The included DLCs only made it more so.Overall, if you're looking for a moderately challenging arcade with plenty of action and some nice scriptwriting, give C:LoS a shot, just be sure to leave any expectations out of the picture and take it as it is.P.s.: I find it rather amusing and appropriate that a japanese franchise with a rich christian context was given to a spanish developer."
,Recommended,234080,24563483,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,cG|Ka!3aL{JA},"Lords of Shadow introduces us to Gabriel Belmont, a member of a holy order of knights called the Brotherhood of Light.The developers have successfully adopted ideas from several popular games (God of War, Shadow of the Colossus, Uncharted, Resident Evil) but that also means this isn't a very original effort.Time after time I found myself stunned by the scope of Lords of Shadow's scenery,but there is no denying that this is a beautiful, richly detailed world that suffers just a bit from drops in framerate. I give Castlevania: Lords of Shadow a 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,234080,15850825,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,TechnoWolf,"- Graphics :Aged a bit (this is a 2010 game) but still nice to watch. Environments are varied and beautiful (especially during the first act)- Sound & Musics :Voice acting is top notch, the musics are a splendid piece of work- Gameplay :Simple & solid mechanics ; the only downside being that it lacks strategy for most part of the boss fights : power up with dark magic, then cure when necessary with light magic, perfect guard to gain magic back and then power up again with dark magic. You have plenty of combos to unlock though, which is pretty nice- Storytelling :One of the best Castlevania on this aspect because it doesn't reuse the same old routine (one good guy not knowing what's going on ; one dark guy who seems like the last boss but who isn't evil in fact ; one nice guy at the start who's evil at the end ; someone that happens to be a Belmont or Belmont related who helps you at the end). It tries to do a different story, that doesn't play on the ""black & white"" chord. A very nice story at the end of the day.- Length :If you plan to make the main campaign just once : about 10-12 hours ; if you plan to get every achievements : over 40h.CONCLUSION :It's a very good game, very different from usual Castlevania game from IGA, if you can stomach that, then you're in for a good adventure."
,Recommended,234080,9258898,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Breeze,"Yeah, this game doesn't have the feel of old 2D Castlevania games.Yeah, the gameplay isn't really complex and the game plays like God of War (although the magic system makes it rather challenging on high difficulty levels).It has it's flaws, yes, like the fixed camera, which can bug out and the combat is rather repetitive, but is it a bad game? Definitely not.Excellent voice acting and soundtrack, beautiful levels, a decent story (though nothing outstanding), exploration, atmospere overall... all this makes Lords of Shadow a good and enjoyable action game (and a rather long one too, especially if you want to beat it on the highest difficulty setting and find all secrets).It doesn't feel like a polished 10/10 game, but rather as a not perfect, but a relly nice adventure. Personally, it is what I expect from this type of games... now waiting for Lords of Shadow 2."
76561198016096620,Recommended,234080,8943449,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[Hait]Rory,Great game best castlevania game in  long time ....
76561198034327508,Recommended,234080,25980531,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Gen. Warfield,"It's one of the most epic games I've ever played in my life. If you love Fantasy RPGs and Hack and Smash combat style and the most incredible story you'd be the biggest fool ever NOT to buy this game.I would like to add to this review and just explain how awesome the game really is, to me at least.I have played the entire Lords of Shadow trilogy, for thoes of you who don't know Castlevania franchise has been around for a very long time. I haven't played the other games but I've played this trilogy. From the Lords of Shadow trilogy, this one, the first one is my favourite.What makes it so incredibly amazing is the journey, how he rides fearless and unhinged towards his objective even though he leaves only death in his path. How he, despite everything that is happening, does not abandon his faith. The music that makes you feel his strong desire to see this through but also his fear of what he was done or about to do. You can hear his pain and feel the burden that he carries in his voice(Robert Carlyle is the voice actor for Gabriel), so calm and yet firm and determined.They've really managed to make this game a masterpiece and found the perfect voice actors for the game, Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart, and it desirves a straight 10 in everything, graphics, storyline, combat, plot-twist, music, artworks, etc. It is just pure epicness. I just LOVE IT."
,Recommended,234080,9086450,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Patrollos,Graphics are very good combat system is awesome but need some fast fingers story is very good it is looking from different view to saga of dracula is amazing  there is one problem game is a little limiting the game you are guiding a path and you need to follow that path but in generaly game is awesome
,Recommended,234080,11201591,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Inkar,"The original game is a good game with a very good story. You will want to keep playing even if it is just to know what happens next.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same about the DLCs (Riverie and  Resurrection). These seem to me like an afterthought just to make some more money.I recommend using a walk-thru guide while playing the game, as finding the gems is painful without it."
76561197996182747,Recommended,234080,11222997,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,shokizm,absolutely loved this - one of the best action adventure games i've ever played! highly recommended!
,Recommended,234080,24108619,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"This is an excellent third person adventure combat game right out of the tradition of the God of War series. Combat was deliciously violent, and hard mode was even somewhat challenging when combined with some of the challenges. The graphics were excellent, and the scenery varied and beautiful. As for the story, it contained original elements and memorable characters which fit together with more familiar mythological elements to make for quite a good story.Can't tell you how it compares to earlier Castlevania games, but as someone without a history with the franchise I loved this one. Already bought the next one."
76561198019022165,Not Recommended,234080,9111997,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,PathOfPain,"I really don't know how to recommend this game. The quality is good, the graphics are good too, but the gameplay and story, ♥♥♥♥ there is something wrong there.The battles are similar to assassin creed. In fact, almost exactly the same except that in assassin creed, you always hit your opponents close because you had a dagger and your fists. In this game, you got a freaking cross whip that hit from far, so it's not that great contrary to logic. You often try to shoot your whip in the direction of your opponent only to see it hit just right next to it. I don't know if its the not terrybly good angle the camera is pointed at all the time or what, but its especially terrible when you jump and try to hit anything. So you basically don't jump unless you sent something in the air with a combo. Laaaame.The interface is faaaaar from intuitive so you often hit critical point in the game where you basically have to hit the buttons just right or you die and have to try it again 15 millions times before you get it right. And that is on normal difficulty. I don't want to know what hard difficulty and 'paladin insane' difficulty have to offer. So expect a lot of replay of the same scene and monsters over and over and over until you are sick of it or you like to repeat to perfection the same crap (which some people apparently do).There are a couple of puzzle in the game, which brings some originality to it and lots of platforming puzzle, like in the swamp where you have to advance only when the bubbles stop showing. Those are nice. The problems is that all the weak mobs seems to hit you even when you block for some reason (or dodge). They don't hit hard but after the 10th hit, your hp is very low and the freaking healing fountains are only located in the stage when you are already at full health! This is especially ♥♥♥♥♥♥ just before hitting a boss and you're in the red with your hp. Then you have to do the boss over and over and over because he one shot you with your low hp. Quite a big waste of time.And to make matters worse, you got the ♥♥♥♥ing autosave checkpoint feature. At first, it looks great saving for you so you don't have to think about it, but the problem is that each freaking time i had to redo part of a stage, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ autosave recorded me when i'm at my lowest hp, so i have to redo the scene with even worse health than the first time! That's no fun. It was fun in the nintendo 8 bit day when they couldn't do long games so they cranked up the difficulty to 11 so that it looked like it was a long game because we had to redo most part 1 million time before passing them, but today it aint that good. I got millions other game to play now, so i ain't spending all my time on 1 game because the difficulty is rediculus!The story is practically the same exact ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t love story 'cry' 'cry' somber hero lost his wife to evil and must now battle eeeeevil to take revenge. Crap where did i see that story before.... mmmm almost all castlevania before it and quite a bit of other games! Laaaaaamo! I prefer the first casltevania on nintendo 8 bit that didn't really care about the story and made no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about it. You kill monster and thats all! Here they try to make a deep story but it fails badly. It's also funny how the hero is supposed to be somber tough guy when he is so gorgeous he looks like he's coming out of a freaking top model show. All his 'brotherhood' use normal steel armor, but not him! Super hot gorgeous leather clad red painted must have cost an estate armor! And he was raised by monks? And he got married? Hmmmm Hmmm. please tell me more of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story that makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense whatsoevar! You know i like a good story as long as it has some sense and logic in it even if its high in magic, technology science fiction or even god occurrence, but this one tries hard but the logic goes out the windows in a bad way. So the story looks like crap the more you learn about it. Maybe at the end its worth it, but i'm not sure ill be able to even get there so what the hell?As you progress and kill things, you get experience and with it you can buy new skills. This looks like a good thing, but because of the weird angle of the camera and the fact that you miss your hit quite often, it means that in the end, you use the press 'A' 'A' 'A' button simple combo almost 99.99999999% of the time, without jumping for nice combo maker either. Even against bosses. That means all those nice looking skills in the game, they ain't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to your most basic and simple whip hit. WOW! These guys have gone to all the trouble to make a freaking complicated fight system that can look awesome, but then hitting the 'A' button is better than everything else all the time. What could go wrong there!Very disapointing game. I'm glad i got it for 7$ because honestly it ain't worth more even if it has AAA quality studio behind it. The gameplay and fighting ain't that fun. The story is dull and full of holes."
76561197970554803,Recommended,234080,13369063,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Squatingtiger,"You know those games that you knock before you try then you realise it's actually pretty darn good? Well for me this game was one of those. I've never played a Castlevania game but after reading the reviews about this series reboot, I thought this was a great time to start.If you enjoy games like Darksiders, God of war and the Legacy of Kain games, this might interest you. It's not Dark souls or Diablo 3 but I had a feeling while playing this that it's got a similair aura about it, maybe it's the atmosphere or the backdrops but it's a nice dark atmospheric game.Graphically, very impressive. The character models and textures are brilliant. Sometimes the areas can get so busy to the eye that you arent even focusing on how pretty the game looks. There were moments I stopped just to look and take a screenshot, something I don't often do unless a game area looks awe inspiring and there are many moments of that here.Sound wise, sometimes I like to turn of music to appreciate the ambient noise, the developers have worked very hard in this respect. The quality of music however, it reeeeaaally suits the gameplay!Gameplay is frantic! Sometimes you can get by with button mashing but with certain encounters there is a certain skill to play this. If I could say one thing about the gameplay it's "" Easy to pick up, tough to master"". I felt like the game threw a lot of moves and combo's at me to learn but I realised after a while that they are just there to spice it up a bit, give the player the power to choose HOW they want to play. You're going to find that you'll buy all the combo's but just use the ones you want to play how you want, this to me is a brilliant design! It's not Batman combat, close but I'd say a little more challenging but not so much as Dark souls.The story keeps you going and wanting to find out what happens next, when the game finishes, it's very nicely set up for the sequels with a  nice twist or two at the end.If I could sum it up in one word, EPIC."
76561197986580661,Recommended,234080,25353753,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Diaboli Oculus,"After I stopped playing this game, since I lacked a gamepad to play it decently, I now finished the game (with a gamepad).What can I say?Well first of I recommend buying it...IF- you can endure not adjustable camera-angles- gore- predictable story elements- a slightly old graficIf you are past the IFs then you are good to go. The game has some nice characters, the voices are really nice dubbed and are perfect fits for the different characters. The gameplay is quick, hard (except for easy mode) and the puzzles are surprisingly challenging sometimes. The puzzles were a real shocker for me, since they are better than the ones from the new Tomb Raider games (WHICH IS SUPPOSED TO BE A PUZZLE ADVENTURE!). One perticular level has an amazing puzzle which is weird and fun to try (especially since you have a fun setup and catchy music).The character customizations are ... low. You can get new moves and thats it. You only get new items through progression on a strict line, which forces you to replay some missions to get all collectables.The boss fights vary greatly. While some try to immitate a Shadow of the Colossus-Style (which they do bad) and other fights resemble almost Dark Souls.All in all I can give a save ""Go buy it"""
76561198060090423,Recommended,234080,9842835,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Frans,"This is the first Castlevania game I have completed, I never got to play much the classic ones. This game is nearly a masterpiece, although the DLC part doesn't add much to the game itself, the base game is fabulous. It has good hack and slash gameplay mechanics with it's own style (not God of War or Dmc copy) and there are a lot of different places you'll go throughout the whole game and the story is very good. The soundtrack and art are also impecable. It's one of my favourites hack & slash games in recent years."
,Recommended,234080,28133910,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jaconian,"Aside from the game being a bit difficult in some areas and not intruitive in finding some of the hidden items (and frequently backtracking in order to find everything and fully power Gabriel up and at times feels like a cheap way to extend the length of the game; which might be a turn off to some people)  I really like what was done here.  Even the unlockable artwork and concept sketches are great and something that you don't usually see in a AAA game.Have yet to finish (about, maybe 1/2 way through), but I am very much enjoying the game."
76561198100466356,Recommended,234080,28428549,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BrownBearPig,"If you're looking for a God of War esc hack and slash then look no further. Great game. Great characters. Game appears a little sluggish to begin with, however as game progresses abilities you unlock give greater maneuverability and resolve this issue. Game doesn't patronise you and bombard you with constant hints etc. Work it out or ♥♥♥♥ off essentially. On numerous occassions you will have to sit and discuss with yourself why smashing your controller will not help pass the next stage. Great mix of muder, puzzles and platforming. Huge amount of content. 49 hours for campaign playthrough + DLC on normal not 100% each level. Abilities you unlock allow you to access areas in previous levels and obtain items you could not. In all honesty I will probably not go back and 100%. I'm more into storylines and I was satisfied with the content I got. However if you are a completionist then you will get a ♥♥♥♥ ton more hours out of this game. 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up with an Iron Cross again."
76561198016945688,Not Recommended,234080,9236506,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,HerodPK,"As much this game is hyped by gameplay and more, as much im diapointed. This game is nothing more , just a good story with 5-6 enemy every 30 min then 1h puzzl;e solva what make u insane and just alt f4. if i want to realx wwith puzzle i go to the closest shope and buy one 2000 pieces and its cost much less. 10/4"
,Recommended,234080,8124200,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DefinitelyNotAdrian,"This game is awesome, and probably purely due to the fact that Hideo Kojima stepped in and lent some of his magic to its development."
,Recommended,234080,8598856,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,THE-RAYMOND,"This game should have been right up my street, Fantasy Action Adventure in the style of DmC, Gods of War, etc. But it just didnt quite live up to what i wanted.Graphics 8/10 - Not Bad by any means but recently i have been playing a lot of games with Better quality Graphics.  Low quality pre rendered video at the end was awesome but looked horrible not sure if it was a problem on my end or if thats how it was just pixelated spoilt it a bit.Sound 8/10 - Again not bad and some really nice music in there just didnt feel it as much as others.Gameplay 7/10 - Combo system is good fun and has interesting points and parry/Block mechanic was nice lets you learn an enemy and use his attacks against him, was fun after playing Dark Souls not so long ago, Some Epic boss fights which were sometimes more tedious and frustrating than Satisfying. The Main Reason i score it so low is because of the FIXED CAMERA yes i know it had one before i got it but after playing quite a lot of this style of game recently i just felt so restricted by it, they made a nice looking world for us to battle through but we could only see it from one angle, Just felt it could have been better with the ability to look around freely rather than be locked into some rather interesting angles at points but on the whole they were ok and pointed to the next objective or moved out to show the next grapple point etc i suppose it was different to all the others i played because of this but when i was fighting losing enemies behind me and around me not seeing them charge their attacks was a little frustrating.Puzzles were fun and some of them difficult but not to the point of frustration, platforming was ok but with the camera zooming in on key locations wasnt really difficult to work out where to go, did get a bit tiresome towards the end but meh.Story 8/10 - Solid, well told, but a bit repetitive and long winded the whole speech from Someone near the end felt long winded and drawn out for like 3 minutes of what could essentially have been said in 30 seconds.  Some high calibre Actors hired to voice the characters which didnt really help to get the story across but i guess helps from a selling point of view if its got famous people 'ITS GOT TO BE GOOD' ...Overall 7.5/10 - I played it but towards the end it felt a little grindy and a little repetative the long winded speeches at the end were a tad boresome and Deaths voice made me chuckle as he sounded a bit jesterish, a decent experience and one that is enjoyable, just not as good as i had hoped, Hopefully they release a sequel where they take the Voice acting budget and add in a Free view camera or something."
,Recommended,234080,12629639,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,herberttn,"Awesome, highly recommended."
76561197992980541,Recommended,234080,28298892,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NightCurseX,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is with distance one of the best Action RPG's ever made!Short:The Story is excellent and it contains Love, Hate, Vengeance and Sadness, also is well told and full of Surprises.The Gameplay and Combatsystem is fluid.Graphically this game is maybe not up-to-date, but it looks really good and every level in this game is wonderfully designed and affectionately made.Over time you get many upgrades which grants you more Ability's and skill's.More detailed:Story: The story tells of a member of the Brotherhood of Light, named Gabriel Belmont. His Wife Marie Belmont was killed and he wants Revenge for her dead [You will wonder who killed She and why].Even the World has lost the blessing and protection of God. So Gabriel has received the Mission from the Brotherhood of Light to bring back peace to the World.So his Journey begins ...Gameplay/Combat: The Gameplay is really smooth and the controls are even really good and comprehensible. Over time you can learn more and more Ability's and Skill's which you can use by using the right button combination and timing. I played it with the Xbox360 Pad and it works perfect in all cases.Enemys: There are many different Enemys. Every Foe has his unique style and his own behavior and/or abilitys and skills, which makes every Battle with an unknown enemy different from each other until you know them all =)Soundtrack: The Soundtrack fits perfect to the game! It was made from a Orchesta.Graphic: The graphic is outdated but this gameengine looks Awesome!Environment:  You have beatiful surroundings in every Level [Maybe not the world of dead for some =)]. Every detail is well designed and looks really good.Riddles: This game has many Riddles which must be solved to get further [with exception of 1]. Some are Easy, some Average and some Riddles are really Hard for the first time, but you can find hints in the same Areas where the Riddles are and you can let you show the solution if you want. But if you do it you will loose the Bonuses!Over and all this Game is totally worth the Money! You will not make a wrong decision if you buy this game. Also you will need to spend 13 - 26 hours approximately to beat the game the first time.Have a nice Day ^.^"
,Recommended,234080,12335870,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Calcifer,"Realy enjoyed this game!Ups:Great Combat - Lots of combo's to unlock and all are fun to useGreat Magic System - The Light and Shadow Magic system combined with the Focus Bar gives combar an extra layer of depth that is realy welcome.Good Story - Not the best story ever told, but definatly something you wil want to see trough the end.Fun Puzzles - Puzzles are challenging and feel rewarding to solve. You can get  the solution and skip the reward if you likeDowns:The Camera - The fixed camera angles could get realy frustrating in some stages, especialy when fast platforming is requiredThe Platforming - It just felt cluncky in this games from time to time, also you dont realy always know what is climbable and what isn't so you die alot by just tryingCheap Bosses - Some of the bosses (especialy the last one) can feel realy cheap and can get realy frustrating!Overal I had a blast with this game and I would recommend it if you like a good hack & slash game. The combat is just that little bit different that it realy makes it worth it and I personaly realy enjoyed the story."
,Recommended,234080,8989569,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,RGB Nameless,"The most beautiful game I played in 2013. The game has two flaws - controls and combat system.ControlsUsing sequences like forward-forward in the analog stick controlled game is very questionable. Belmont sometimes just don't sprint. Or SUDDENLY stops sprinting, and you end up with regular jump and die.I wish that I could hold button to sprint.Other problem - there is two buttons, L3 and R3 ( push on analog stick ) to drain magic. You eventually end up draining both types of magic simultaneusly, but accidentally pressing L3 button stops you in combat, or in jumping sequence. So frustrating. Why I just cant use one R3 button to drain both types of magic ?Combat.Just one problem. It is unfair. Any enemy breaks any of your combo with any attack any time. At the same time you can't break enemy attack with anything. You hitting them and they just do whatever they want while you hitting them. So all long combos basically useless. Theoretically, you could juggle, but you don't have a universal launcher. ( You will have an uppercut, but its slow )But I cant criticize other parts of the game. Many interesting puzzles, big levels, many hard bosses. Good story and the way it is told."
76561197990997864,Recommended,234080,13540663,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,aetherdadta,"With absolutely no adjustments, mods or hacks the game worked right out of the box with eyefinity and full controller support. Amazing experience like this. Awesome story, soundtrack/visuals and smooth gameplay. Very happy !"
76561198058052404,Recommended,234080,13233308,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,weeZLow,"its like god of war, with no sex"
,Not Recommended,234080,20466207,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Draven,"As much as I'd like to I just can't recommend this game at full price, and that's terrible to say.This game is a pretty game, too bad that's it's best feature...This game is like gears of war, the first devil may cry game, and prince of persia put together but doesn't come off as good as that can sound.The stages are VERY linear just like gears of war, probably b/c of the graphics looking so good.  And there are MANY loading screens again probably b/c of the graphics.The fighting and style reminds you of devil may cry but fails to deliver that great combat that feels JUST right.  Sure there are a ton of moves, but I found myself not even wanting to bother to study half of them.  The game feels like you could chain together some cool combos, but seems to punish you every time you attempt to string one.  I normally wouldn't say this about a game but a practice board or tutorial stage maybe like street fighter's would do this game well to get you used to the moves.Speaking of tutorials half of this game feels like a tutorial (and not in the right way at all, punish you b/c you have no idea what they want you to do then after you fail correct you), 1/4 like quick time events, and 1/4 fun.This beautiful game is confused as to what it wants to be just like the main character's storyline (yes I played it all the way to the end including the boards after the credits roll).Yes this game does have some cool areas, fun puzzles, a few cool bosses, but it just doesn't live up to what Castlevania should be imo.At most pick this game up on a sale, because at full price you're really just paying for the visual treat."
76561198030040875,Recommended,234080,7624932,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Mariokata,"WOW!! This game is a blast. Seriously I fell in love with this game. The art style is absolutely FANTASTIC. The graphics of this game made me feel like I was watching a lord of the rings movie. BOSS fights are TOP NOTCH and as for story it has that epic feeling of adventure. This game has also a lot of variation in terms of gameplay like puzzles, hack and slash sections, platforming and even in one section you have to play a chess game with a demon girl. The only problems I found about this game are some small bugs, some camera issues (cause camera is fixed and sometimes gets in the way) and there are some levels that are weak in relation to other and feel out of place. Also some puzzles are hard to solve due to unresponsive controls because the camera gets in the way and your character is not controlled as it’s supposed to. In conclusion I have to say that this game is one of my favorite 2013 games and I highly recommend it.PROS: The art style and graphics are top notch, nice story,nice music, boss fights are awesome, lots of content and a lengthy campaign + the two expansions (22 hrs total)CONS: Camera issues, some bugs, fighting can sometimes be repetitive; some levels are weak and feel like fillers, Some control issues may frustrate you.Final score: 8/10"
,Recommended,234080,29598829,Posted: 30 January,all,Oopy Doopy,"This is one of my favorite games of all time, and that's an unpopular position to have on this game. I'm someone that loves to appreciate great art in games, and this game delivers with literally every level. I also love the Victorian/Gregorian setting (the era has some of my favorite architectural design in history), and being a Castlevania game, it delivers on that front just as well as all the others (better than the others in my opinion). If you don't care about the visuals in games so much, the games flaws will be far more pronounced for you.Combat is acceptable. I personally think it's better than god of war's combat, but not as good as devil may cry or games from Platinum. There is a frustration factor that comes from certain enemies, but every action game of this nature has those enemies. If you are in it for the combat and the combat alone, I recommend games like Metal Gear Rising: Revengance, Devil May Cry 4 or DmC: Devil May Cry instead.  Again, combat is fun, just not the best in the genre.The story is...there. It's not awful, but it isn't great. The general plot is the typical ""save your love"" type of deal. It's fitting for the game and I enjoy it as a driving force for the content.Music is great. Not as iconic or memorable as old castlevania games (primarily because those songs had very pronounced melodies, while the music in this game is comparable in style to Skyrim), but every song is enjoyable to listen to.  Music + visuals really bring the game together.  The game is a sensory treat.For Nvidia card owners, I recommend using a program called Nvidia Inspector to add HBAO+ to the game.  The in-game ambient occlusion is pretty bad and looks better turned off.  The flag to use in Inspector is 0x0000000E.  If you have no idea what to do with this, check out this thread(http://forums.guru3d.com/showthread.php?t=387114).I believe my first playthrough took about 24 hours.  Since then, I've completed the game a 2nd time on PC and 1 more time on PS3.  I truly love this game and still have urges to go back and play it again."
76561198285826440,Recommended,234080,26466129,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Channe1Diana,love Hack n Slashers!!!! you'll love this
76561198141274290,Recommended,234080,13369319,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Cryptix,"If you enjoy a visually appealing masterpiece, with a great soundtrack, endless enemies to slaughter, and LOVE a good story line, I would 1000% reccommend giving this game a shot.Castlevania is about an orphan taken in by the brotherhood, a holy man embarking on a quest to defeat the Lords of Shadow, which challenges his mind, spirit, and heart. It has fantastic character development and other various story elements (the twists were very much a genuine surprise each time). Voice acting, with Patrick Stewart?? YES, please.*****The only thing I could complain about this game is the PC controls. I would highly reccomend using a controller for this game, as the PC controls are very clunky and hard to work with (even when adjusted).****The difficulties are fair, and even on easy it was challenging, so this is a game for all levels. With all of the puzzles and different hidden items, I can guarantee you will be entertained for hours. (In my case, 38 wonderful hours.)Definitely get this game! If you aren't sure, there is a demo for this. :)"
76561197961751373,Recommended,234080,12182673,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Rickgold,Amazing game! It was not what i expected and it has a story line worthy of hollywood with surprising twists and turns. A must play for any gamer that enjoys well considered and constructed games with superb cinematics.
,Recommended,234080,10544655,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bax,I always enjoyed great story and this game definitelly has it. I really enjoyed my time and I found myself playing just to get to next cutscene and find out what happens to Gabriel.
,Recommended,234080,9044751,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Chrisg16,Buy it
,Not Recommended,234080,8361001,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Insidia,"First of all don't let the ""Not Recommened"" put you off completly. By that I mean I do not recommend this game at the full price. Simply because it's a port, one word that should normally put any PC Gamer off. Now it's not the worst port in the world, not by a long shot by why for the love of everything holy would you assign the jump key to ""K"" and leave the space bar unassigned? It's things like that which make this game very arkward to play for a PC Gamer, developers did not take the needs of us into consideration at all.No Mouse...that's right; something that doesn't sit right with my PC Gamers as this takes away freedom. And because of this sometimes you cannot fully see where you are heading.The game itself is stunning visually, some great scenes and some great looking bosses unfortunatly the game itself is very repetative in a lot of ways. But it's the controls that will put people off. If you were lucky enough like me to purchase this for 75% off in the sale then it's not so bad; that way the way I see it is I'm getting what I paid for.Also, from what I've read 75% of people have uninstalled it on the second Titan boss, simply because the controls make it that hard to do. I've managed to do it but It's been a long time since a boss on any game wound me up that bad."
76561197998354854,Recommended,234080,10975434,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PlaywithStephen,"Camera angles in this game make it hard to see the enemies. good thing the combat and visuals are good. The combat only improves after buying a good number of combos, so the early part of the game can be too plain. There's a lot of backtracking which feels like a grind getting all the upgrades, but can feel rewarding after. The storya lso takes a long time to build and may be more interesting to see how it develops in the sequels."
,Recommended,234080,12271429,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Reakor,"Finished the game and a part of its DLC's. Very mixed feelings for this game and let me explain why.About the plot, Lords of Shadow kind of reboots the lore i guess you could say. Theres practically no links between the old Belmonts, ( You control Gabriel Belmont). Our Belmont's quest is actually pretty simple, his waifu got murdered, so he's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Afterwards we learn that some wierd magic caused the link to the heavens to get cut off so basically monsters and spirits invaded Transylvania, Europe. So Gabriel sets out on his quest to defeat the Lords of Shadows, who are very basic bosses, castlevania lore wise. Death, some queen and a werewolf. Not very important to the story. Thats about it. It also features an obvious plot twist.The combat is probably the weakest part of the game. Its shallow. It doesnt allow for any combo creativity. Enemies take no hitstun and can constantly attack through your attacks. Fortunately the game features a cancelling mechanic so you can do frame perfect blocks and thats about it. Frame perfect blocks is basicly the ""hardest"" combat mechanic (and its very easy once you get used to it) that this game has to offer. Its got a few unlockable moves, very weak stuff, theres basically maybe 20 moves you can unlock, then theres some Dark and Light buffs you can use. Light gives you health regen and Dark gives you more moves and stronger attacks. Like i said i thought the combat is extremely shallow. I give it LITERALLY 3/10.The soundtrack is kinda boring, very typical scores for such a game. battle-ish castle-ish kinda vibes. Very forgettable. Although i gotta admit that Gabriel does pretty funny sounds when he attacks. You can also very clearly hear how Gabriel's voice actor is some spanish guy they hired that slightly struggles in English. Don't get me wrong though it definitly has its charm.Controls are pretty awkward, there's something inside my controller, it's hard to explain. You have to feel it, it just doesnt feel very ""round"" i guess you could say. It often feels like Gabriel's movement are ""square grid"" based. Don't know how they messed that up. Also there's alot of climbing you have to do all the time, that got pretty tiring after a while, he moves really slowly too.There's too many stupid puzzles in the game, Sometimes they're really hard to figure out too, they take up whole chapters sometimes too and most of them are not very enjoyable to execute (they even give you the option to give you the puzzle answer right away, at the cost of the completion XP bonus). Most of the puzzles involve complicated maths or NASA tier scientists, i've spent maybe 30 minutes trying to solve some stupid puzzle. I got tired of them at the end i just started asking the game to give me the answer right away, i ain't got time for that.Now the best part of this Castlevania game is definitly the visuals. Stunning in 1080p and 60 fps. Port feels very optimized by the way. The game's art design is everything you'd expect from a Castlevania game, glorious victorian style castles, GREAT enemy design and presentation, they made very nice artworks for every enemy you encouter, some of them are breath-taking, very nice stuff. Very impressive details in the backgrounds, great visual effects. I got motivated to finish it just because of the great visuals in there. I really really loved them as a whole simply because i felt it really represented Castlevania well, it's everything i would expect from a 3D Castlevania game.The level design is garbage, literally empty hallways at times. Obvious enemy spawn points,  tedious world mechanics (the hands in the swamp, that was awful). Alot of invisible walls, the game gives you a fake feeling of liberty but it really feels like an on-rail game, alot of times. I thought that kinda sucked too. The placement for items such as Upgrades or Text scrolls are very obvious and not very hard to find. There's a ton of upgrades to get though so i guess collecting them was kinda fun.I forgot to mention that even on Normal difficulty, the enemies will hit hard as hell. Better start learning how to do precise blocks as soon as possible or else its into the trash you'll go.So it still does a good job at being a decent Castlevania game, but isnt anything fantastic. If you love the Castlevania franchise, then you will definitely enjoy this game. Get it on sale!"
,Recommended,234080,32694765,Posted: 23 June,all,Rantul,"Extremely fun game. Yeah, there are parts that could be better, but it scratched the itch."
,Not Recommended,234080,9730974,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,fartbird,"First, I'll say I'm a rather big Castlevania fan. I'll go ahead and list the pros of this game:It has a few nods here and there to the original games and their lore.It's very visually and audibly appealing.The combat, for the most part, is kind of fun.The story isn't too bad, and the voice acting is surprisingly good as well.The game has a great atmosphere.Now for the bad:The 2nd biggest strike against this game, in my opinion, is the pacing. You'll progress a bit only to be stopped by a group of enemies. This gets more annoying as the game progresses, with the inclusion of more enemies and tougher enemies.SOME of the puzzles are tolerable. However, as the game goes on, you'll find they get more tedious and more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The biggest puzzle I had an issue with is later on in the game, in theFrankenstein lablevel. Here, there are two big problems. Firstly, you need to buy a special move with experience in order to solve a puzzle. While you'd definitely have the experience necessary for the move, the fact that the game expects you to do something that is considered optional in order to move on in the game is really counter-intuitive. Additionally, this move is a bit inaccurate and hard to control, leading to further aggravation solving a puzzle which by its nature is already rather aggravating.Another thing about puzzles. Some of them are trial-and-error by nature. This alone is bad game design. It would be ok to have MAYBE one or two trial-and-error puzzles, but this game feels like it has too many of them. It ALMOST got it right, I will say that much, but it didn't get it right enough.While I mentioned that combat is fun, and it is, as you encounter more groups of obvious-filler enemies, you find that combat can be tedious and boring. It all boils down to mash the X and Y buttons. It's nice that the game gives you options in your combat with advanced moves, but it really tends to not make much of a difference. Going along with this, the shadow and light magic abilities you get don't tend to change up combat much, essentially making a gameplay mechanic useless.And the final, biggest strike against this game: ""difficulty."" Now I say that I haven't gotten a game over in this game sans one time. However, this game's idea of difficulty is to continually add fluff and padding with more enemies, more tedious puzzles, and the worst is when it combines these two. Often I found myself facing a puzzle and I just knew ""Ugh, I'll have to face a group of enemies which will only hold off the oncoming aggravation.""I really wanted to like this game, and for the most part I still do, however I think it needs a bit of a design touch-up. While I know games will lessen the hand-holding as you progress, which is natural for games to do, I think this game didn't hand-hold in the right places.Overall, I'd say play it and give it a shot, but I wouldn't pay 30 dollars for it. (At the time of writing, the game is priced at 29.99)"
76561198012861222,Not Recommended,234080,9130859,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Reptar the Rapturous,"i was looking forward to this game, as i havent played any castlevania game in  a long time. upon buying it, i started to regret it...the fixed camera is completely bogus, terrible camera angles in tight spots cause me to fumble with the enemies and for the screen to violently shake back and forth. in certain camera angles, when i move away from the camera, the controls (i use a 360 controller btw) become inverted and going down = going up and i dont think the game should behave that way at all. as well as that, the game is unnaturaly difficult, i dont usually complain about difficulty levels in game (dark souls seems like a cakewalk compared to this), but even on ""squire"" or ""easy"" mode the game just becomes extremely annoying in certain areas, with puzzles feeling like they're forced in. with these two main points the game becomes unplayable (or at least, not fun) for me. the voice acting is great though, and i like the atmosphere of the story, but that's all. it's a shame. i heard LoS 2 got a lower score than this game but i can't see that being possible unless it really got much much worse"
,Not Recommended,234080,35151334,Posted: 23 September,all,Chiquiloso,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadows is a bitter sweet symphony that could deliver either a satifying or frustrating experience, depending on what you find enjoyable in an action-adventure game.The overall design of this game is brilliant (characters, enemies, environments, items, interfaces, music, etc.) making this game a true gem from the gothic art style. Alongside, the story it shows is interesting (even tough the main character motive is rather weak). Just these reasons are enough to actually give this game a try and, if you find these aspects appealing, this game will not disappoint. One thing to mention tough is that the game has a segmented narrative, in which the player will need to use the imagination to connect the dots between segments and follow the stotyline.However, it lacks considerably in its gameplay and  its mechanics. Castlevania: Lords of Shadows offers 3 main gameplays scenarios for the player (exploration, puzzle solving and combat) and it fails to deliver in all of them.Exploration is used to find power-ups and other collectables the game offers. It hinders this process with a system that forces you to contantly re-visit levels over and over again, until  you finally are equiped with the right upgrade. But probably the most dissapointing aspect in this regards is the abuse of invisible walls that make exploration limited and, in some special levels, it punishes the player for exploring, making impossible to backtrace along the level and forcing to start of all over again if you accdentally went to far ahead on a path. This mechanics may encorage re-playability, but it does it in a disappointing, frustating and uncreative way.Puzzle solving is found all over the game. They are in itself very visually appealing thanks to the beautiful design scenarios, but the depth and complexity if the puzzles (with very few exceptions) are pretty much non-existent. Most of the puzzles are so obvious that they are already solved by the game showing you a cinematic of the surrounding area. The game try to improve this very superficial complexity by throwing you hordes of enemies while trying to activate a swicth or turn a pillar, or by playing unfair against the player, changing the rules of the puzzle if you are doing good in it (I'm looking at you beast chess).  It feels that this puzzle element was added to the game in order to add more content, but what it does is leaving the player with false sense of improvement and annoyance.The main mechanics of this game is its combat. It offers a wide variety of combos, secondary weapons and upgrades, all of them combinable with the 2 kinds of magic. This gives a considerably big variety of options for the player to experiment. However, this in practice become pointless thanks to the simplicity of how combat is implemented. The overwhelming majority of the combat in this game follows 2 predefined recipies: 1. If it's an small enemy, pull them to you and the game will trigger an action-secuence in which, you press a button and the enemy is dead or 2. hit them with your basic attack 2-3 times and dodge. The worst is that these patterns apply boss fights as well. At the end, the game has a very elaborated combat system that gives the illusion of depth and strategy, but is useless thanks to the way combat is presented to player.Overall, Castlevania: Lords of Shadows is a game that is visually astonishing, simple, accesible and offers a facelift to one beloved franchise. However, it has such detrimental flaws in the fundamentals of its video game mechanics, that it may give a rather poor experience to more experienced players."
,Not Recommended,234080,9085057,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,chroniz,"There is so much wasted potential in this game. The production values for this game are on the right track. Lords of Shadow both looks and sounds great, and it runs at 60fps perfectly fine. For some, the biggest issue is that the game doesn't have too much in common with the previous Castlevania titles and is only borrowing its gameplay elements from God of War, Prince of Persia (Sands of Time trilogy) and Shadow of the Colossus. I'm fine with, nothing wrong about loaning the best parts from the masters. However, the game's very tedious combat and repetive gameplay keeps me of enjoying the game.Gabriel can improve his moveset with combos by buying them with experience points. It is just unfortunate that in actual combat, you can barely ever utilize most of the different moves properly. While you're performing in-air moves, you can be brought down instantly by critters that can only attack on the ground level. Even with strong attack moves and long attack sequences, your enemies may not falter at all, making you just vulnerable instead. There are also wide lashing moves that allow you to attack far-by enemies for crowd control, but as it barely staggers anyone, it won't find much use in the game. Rather than trying out different combos, the player usually ends up repeating a few staple attacks against majority of the enemies.Speaking of combat, the game's control scheme could have used some streamlining. There are some very different moves that are used by just one key/button in the game. For example, the player uses L2 to block and dodge roll in the beginning. But soon enough, you'll find that you use the same button for certain attacks such as gauntlet mash and a quick dash move when you're using magic. All of this variety add needless complexity to the game that doesn't really improve it in the end.These are just some of my complaints of the game. With some tweaking, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow would have been easily a great game, but these issues unfortunately make playing the game very tedious and unrewarding."
,Not Recommended,234080,8688462,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kain Klarden,"THis game took me 19 hours to complete. And I felt every last second of that.There are games, that aren't really good but are still worth checking and spending time on to see all the good ideas, all the good things the game may have. And sometimes, even while knowing that overall the game is not good, you will enjoy a game like that. Lords of Shadow is not a game like that, simply because it gives *way* too little for what time and patience it asks in return.It does have an interesting story, an interesting take on the famous series. It does look stylish and pretty, although artistically, not technologically (pretty low res textures and pre-renered movies, rather poor optimization, other small issues). But still - really pretty. It also has a *few* really cool fights, which are inventive, exciting and challenging enough, without feeling unfair or broken.So, that're the good things. There are bad things, like overabundance of QTEs, with very outdated approach to the concept as well - they're used just for the sake of it, and in the unlikeliest moments. Like, say, opening some doors requires timed QTEs, not even God of War-like button mashing.Yet those are also not *that* notable. And this is the main problem with the game - it's a bit of good, a bit of bad and about 80% of boredom. Majority of the game feels like padding, something inserted just for the sake of wasting more of the player's time. In fact, there's even a special enemy/creature in the game, who's sole purpose is to waste player's time and you meet that creature 4 times, even though you will be fed up with it the first time. There's almost never any payoff to anything. You might hear of a cool enemy/location several chapters of 3-5 levels before you finally get to it, and nothing really happens during those levels...And the ex-DLC levels, which give this edition ""Ultimate"" name, are absolutely horrible. Again, there are few nice ideas, but they're so not worth it. The story, which could've been a proper epilogue to the main story, setting up the sequel and ex-portable midquel, is a complete throwaway and degrades into farce in the last two levels, where Gabriel plays hide and seek with a powerful demon set on destroying the world.With the same elements, a much MUCH better game could've been made. And, I'm sure, MercurySteam could've done that. Maybe, the sequel will be that much better game...P.S. It's worth noticing several visual similarities to a classic game called Blade of Darkness, which was developed by another spanish development company, which then dissolved and the majority of it's team created MercurySteam - the developers of this game."
,Recommended,234080,12407678,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fishotic Robot,"One of those half work-of-art, half video game type dealios, and it does it well.Lemme immediately allow people to stop taking me seriously by saying I have NO idea what a castlevania or metroidvania or igavania even is. With that outta the way, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a character action game in an absolutely gorgeous (for its time) fantasy setting. It plays like a Devil May Cry game (which is another legacy I know next to nothing about) for the most part, with some altered mechanics, including very situational giant monster riding, Shadow of the Collosus-esque boss fights, light/dark magic powered by combos, all based on a simple to understand control setting. A gamepad is highly recommended, and the game isn't without its flaws, but I'd say it's worth a try if you're interested. There's a demo and a (subjectively) fantastic orchestral soundtrack you can try for free, as well."
76561198012064833,Recommended,234080,26234365,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,domesticated14,Great visuals for a six year old game. Good story. Hard to put the controller down once you get going.
,Recommended,234080,13749286,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,xp_load,A game worth buying! Great storyline.
,Not Recommended,234080,8518393,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Restlesszeus,"You like directed cameras, poor pacing, quicktime events, outrageous voice acting and confusing level design. Then look no further Castlevania lords of shadow has all you want and more."
,Not Recommended,234080,10801969,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Steff,"This game is a chore to play, what a ♥♥♥♥ing bore."
76561198056425412,Not Recommended,234080,28001050,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Irungol,"Whilst the opening scenes were extremely promising, progressing through just the first chapter reveals that this game is unfortunately dragged down by two severe issues:1: Whilst claiming to have keyboard & mouse support, the game was undeniably meant to be played with a controller. This leads to an awkward control scheme, severe input lag, command queuing, and a generally unpleasant experience. Playing with an actual controller solves only the first of these three issues so is not a valid solution.2: The camera has a mind of its own and cannot be controlled directly. Whilst having an automatic camera is not unusual for the genre, this one is - in my opinion - insufficient as it does not provide a proper overview of the action and often snaps to different positions without any transition, greatly hindering both combat and platforming."
76561197983554015,Not Recommended,234080,8525183,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Milivanili,"Limited Recommendation:+ Soundtrack+ Landscape/ Art (escpecially the winter area)+ Patrick Stewart (Captain Picard)Well the Shortcommings:- Button Mashing & Quick Time Events- Limited Camera & No Open World (Level Design reminds me of medal of honor)- Using SOTN as THE benchmark of Castlevania series, it's a terrible mutilation of the series e.g.travelling through exotic/jungle-like levels, fighting Titans and other strange creatures -> imho Castlevania feeling - the gothic one - starts when entering the winter-vampire areas but even then the vampires are some wingy creatures- another Belmont, well even when Alucard isn't the best main character- lack of RPG elements - various skills, equipment (armor, weapons, ....)Conclusion:- requires a lot of reaction skills on (stupid) mini-games/puzzles frustrating sometimes- looks and sounds great on PC (better than the LPs I saw years ago for consoles)- grab it on sale- hope the series returns to a more gothic, RPG-like one after the damn sequel of Lords of Shadow 2"
76561198097687898,Recommended,234080,13033216,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CrazyF1sher,"You like dracula , Van helsingg . This is  good  VIDEOFILM vs good story . Its interactive  kino  +  REAL GOOD GAME .  I was long think spend money ore not .. now i am VERY GLAD +++++"
76561198012610173,Not Recommended,234080,18977545,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"I would have really loved to give this game a positive review, but unfortunately the Boss in chapter 2 cannot be defeated without a gamepad because you have to rotate your movement buttons impossibly fast (which would be simply rotating the stick on a gamepad). The fact that you have to use a macro or other weird tricks to defeat this boss by using PC hardware on a PC game is a no-go. The rest of the game was perfectly playable with KB+mouse, so I have no idea why this has not been adapted. I am a big castlevania fan and it hurts that this is what we get for buying the game on other platforms.It's even stranger that i can play all castlevania titles availible for emulators on PC without problems like that, on KB+mouse.Never happened to me before that the platform I play on actually became a plotstopper. The people responsible for this should be ashamed."
,Recommended,234080,9143388,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,SonicSidewinder,What is a man?
,Recommended,234080,8278863,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Special,"It's a good Castlevania (eg. Castlevania I-IV). It's a bad Metroidvania (eg. Symphony of the Night, the GBA and DS Castlevanias), mainly because it's not a Metroidvania. Also great vistas!"
76561197963476519,Recommended,234080,9035358,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,THATWACKYDANTE!!!,I never post reviews annnnnd just saying that I highly recommend this game to all my friends.  An amazing game.  Def. top 5 on my gaming list of best games of all time.
,Recommended,234080,8382688,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MODERNDRU1D,"Best Castlevania I have played thus far. Graphically its amazing, but it is the quality of the story telling and production value that make this a game that all should have in the steam library."
,Recommended,234080,29744192,Posted: 6 February,all,Sir Wankalot,PC's answer to God of War is this
76561197980243473,Not Recommended,234080,20388708,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,wetwork XIII,"So I've only got about 2 hours up and honestly, that's about all I can take. What promised to be a rich and indepth exploration of a well developed plot supported by quality voice acting was fatally undermined by unfortunate design flaws.- no camera control. Seriously, I was reduced to running to a side so at least whatever attacked me offscreen had to be coming from a certain direction.- no general mouse controls give it a typical pc port feel to it; it was released 2014 not 2009.- mind numbingly repetitive. I had read that the game was pretty long and now I know why. Knowledge I could have lived without.Best thing about this game was Patrick Stuart's voice over. Worst thing about this game was the expectations that Patrick Stuart's voice over raised. I feel slightly used, as if I'm crying in the shower and can hear Patrick Stuart laughing at me.Refund request pending...."
,Recommended,234080,8961184,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,JoJo,"In this dark age of games we are currently experiencing this is one of the few games that pushed me ever forward to beat it without ever wanting to play something else.It's got jumping, slashing, climbing, dodge rolling, grappling, puzzle solving, breasts, old men, vampires, werewolves, titans, breasts, random looking around to find gems, Count Dooku, a goat man, demons, breasts, whips, breakable junk, zombies, a Belmont, a castle and naked Fairies.The graphics are great, the gameplay is rock solid, challenging replays available, and it's still Castlevania at it's core, which some purists seem to overlook because they can't get their head out of their SOTN clogged♥♥♥♥♥What the ♥♥♥♥ else do you ♥♥♥♥ing want?"
,Recommended,234080,7922380,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],QUE JUEGO MAS CACHINBON!!
76561198072297653,Recommended,234080,8457987,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ALI786I,ya vicked game
76561198036205315,Recommended,234080,7624254,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Andy_AXA,Bought the Game about 13€.It´s a must have GAME
,Recommended,234080,8465114,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[GZ] MisterMoi,C tro dla bal lol ^^
,Recommended,234080,10999540,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mtndewnightmare,It's a game where you stab things with a whip.Dat Soundtrack 10/10
,Recommended,234080,8511963,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Zer0Shade,"As a not-so-longstanding but still major fan of the castlevania series, I think this game is very good. However, if you think this is your ordinary castlevania like the masterful Symphony of the night or the Sorrows, then you'll be disappointed. This is not metroidvania style exploration game anymore, it is instead hack'n'slash god of war style game with Uncharted style of climbing elements, The Legend of Zelda puzzles and some Shadow of the Colossus style bosses. I'm not saying this game is bad, oh gods no. This game has beautiful graphics, good action, great cutscenes and voice acting, being overall very great game.I have seen some people complain about the camera in this game, and I can see why some people would not like it. I however have not had problems with it. The only complaint about this game I have, is the keyboard controls. If you are going to buy this game, please god USE A CONTROLLER, the keyboard controls are bugged and awful. This game has full controller support and I use XBOX360 controller with this and it works fantastically. Some places require very tight movement control, that is going to be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you're using keyboard. For example, there is few QTE's in game that require you to rotate left movement stick. Well, I dare you to do that on keyboard where you need to quickly press wasdwasdwasdwasd in quick succession.Overall pros and consPros:-Beautiful graphics-Good action-Very good control of the character (only with controller)-Good story-Good voice acting-Smart puzzles-Exciting bosses-Very long gameCons:-Fixed camera that cannot be manually controlled-Controller almost necessary-This game is hard... but that is not really a con, so I just strike this overOverall8.5/10    Buy it."
,Recommended,234080,8580320,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,liquid snake,"I'm only nine hours in - about a third of the way through the game, and I can still say it's damn incredible. It has been ported well, and also has great visuals. The game is pretty difficult, but the combat system rewards tactical thinking and the use of combos - you cannot button mash your way through this game. It also has an great storyline so far. I would highly recommend this to anyone with an interest in the genre. However, you should use a controller for the best experience."
,Recommended,234080,8570853,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,GGK01,"Very good storyline,gameplay is similar to god of war with enough advanced combos but limited weaponry,but boring after finishing the storyline.Finally 0 competitivity as it sis a cleary singleplayer action game."
,Recommended,234080,8611911,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LasagnaChriS,"This Game has and amazing depth ,great story,very wonderful design and artwork! The asthetics and the very wellbalanced combat will make want to learn every move! Has a little backtracking for some upgrades  and a great soundtrackThe camera angles can be a little frustrating sometimes  and will do little to help you find secrets! But you wont bedissapointed its a well excecuted and lengthy game that makes it stand out :)"
,Recommended,234080,8620861,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,KomodoZero,"This game isn't a Castlevania game. Now that we have that out of the way, we can actually talk about what this really is. Lords of Shadow is effectively a hack and slash combat driven game which encourages long strings of attacks and high levels of skill. It's no Devil May Cry, but saying that it's a far better game than DmC Devil May Cry. It feels a lot like God of War if you had to compare it to another game, but also has elements of Shadow of the Colossus integrated. It's platforming isn't terribly good, there's a lot of guesswork required to progress through what should be straightforward.Essentially, the combat carries this game, as it is its strongest suit. Castlevania fans are no doubt going to be disappointed, as it severely lacks the charm of the classic franchise, barely even resembling it anymore. But it is a solid game in its own right, despite its flaws. Don't expect to be wowed by it and you may find something to enjoy from it."
,Recommended,234080,7915211,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Willhammer,"This game is very well crafted. The Patrick Stewart narritive was the orginal selling point for me. When I started playing, it seemed REALLY hard (always start a game on medium). So, I turned down the settings to easy and just played it for the story. The game is built like a ARPG, for more than one play through. It's diversified for casual through hardcore gamers, there's a ton of moves you can do but you can make it through with just the base set, every stage has hidden items for explorers, and the voice actting is amazing so you really don't mind, still you can skip the cut scenes. This a game you can sit down and play for 8 hours straight, or you can casually just pick it up for 15 minuets a day. The konomi code doesn't seem to do anything, but you can just turn on the cheats if you really want to just listen to the story or get through the first playthough. This game is everything I could expect from a button que game, my only complaint is the fixed perspective cammera. Get a copy for both the story and gameplay."
,Recommended,234080,1487014,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Lerb the Mycologist,It has a Shadow of the Colossus boss fight in it. So yeah.
76561198047008556,Recommended,234080,9034691,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,susluv,"I Had i blast playing this game. Looking forward to sequel. I hope game will not glimpse ""darksiders"" downward spiral in terms of  quality."
76561197960686181,Recommended,234080,7708149,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Adam,This is like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of God of War. What an annoying game.
,Recommended,234080,7401236,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,[MoS] Naelok,"There are a lot of problems that you'll have to get through if you want to enjoy Castlevania.The first is the crappy fixed camera.The second is the repetitive combat that relies on quick time events to make up for its lack of depth.The third are even more quick time events.The fourth is a story told through dull and repetitive chapter intros (which are at least read by Patrick Stewart)The fifth is that it's not a proper Castlevania game because it has no backtracking or drive for completion.If you get through all of that, you may be able to enjoy Castlevania adequately. If the words above are not enough to deter you, then you'll enjoy it well enough."
,Recommended,234080,28504376,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),"Such an underrated game to be honest.its like a hidden gem that people never found.i would really recommend it to the people who love hack and slash games with a bit of fantasy to spice it up.you have werewolves,titans,vampires and satan himself.ANGEL VS DEMONHEAVEN VS HELLget this right away and if you can't afford it then get it on sale :3  its a really good game and is quite challenging."
,Recommended,234080,31155215,Posted: 15 April,all,Azir,"+S+ Graphics, actually quite shocking a 2010 game has these graphics, it almost feels new.+Unique combat system, but combos feel a bit limited+Many enemies++STUNNING architecture/world design, throughout the entire game, but especially at the chapters of the 2nd Lord of Shadow (the Vampire lands)++Great soundtrack (should seriously have the great soundtrack tag)++Actually AMAZING and mystically shrouded story with huge plot twistsI played this game in console back when it was released, I bought it here to play it again because of how fun it was, you go from the lands of the Lycans, through the ruins of destroyed civilizations, fighting werewolves, titants, and many monsters, and travel to the snowy lands of the Vampires at Transylvania, exploring huge, massive castle (I have a fetish for this type of architecture that only few games sate), than you travel to what is essentially hell, wastelands, and fight hoards of zombies, demons, it's a long adventure that doesn't run dry at any point. I really don't have anything bad to say about this game aside from the combat system that might get alittle stale after a while because unless you use shadow or light magic you are just repeating a bunch of combos (partially thanks to the fact of how many shadow/light combos there are compared to normal ones), but still blocking enemies at the right time is one of the best feelings ever in this game.The story is probably the best thing about this game, be prepared for CRAZY plot twists."
,Not Recommended,234080,15262095,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Undead Yogurt,"It is not castlevania, just another annoying slasher like god of war, made by some spain company, not konami.Have no great music like old castlevania games, no charm of them, no exploration. I just can't accept it as castlevania.And it is not support most of gamepads, except xbox gamepads."
76561198090469443,Recommended,234080,13463225,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Daitenshi,A great game and a fantastic story. I hope the second part is as good as this one :D
76561198029755535,Recommended,234080,13516196,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LAGOS JAL,"Buen juego, entretenido, le doy 10."
,Recommended,234080,14387442,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RecQuery,"Robert Carlyle, Patrick Stewart, good gameplay, epic story. What's not to like."
,Recommended,234080,14492511,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Umbrage,"This is a really good game. Is it truly a Castlevania game? Debatable. From a pure gameplay standpoint, it's nothing special. It's difficult, but not notably so. Enemies are varied and fun to fight against. The game has lots of replay value, with secrets and challenges that range from ""I got it by accident"" to ""tear your hair out while searching a million guides to try and get it"".This game really shines in the voice acting, visuals, and music. Not only does this game feature some really high-profile actors, but they give actual performances! No phoned-in line-readings that are all too common. Music is fantastic. The environments look great.All in all, this might not hold up to classics like Symphony of the Night, but it's still a fantastic game in it's own right. If you go in trying to compare it to everything remotely like it, then yeah, it's not particularly interesting. But it has a certain unique charm, some combination of the classical aesthetic and modern gameplay/graphics that makes it unlike anything else I've seen."
76561198024228876,Recommended,234080,13554564,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vintis Knight,Its a great game for those who are familiar with the style of like God of War and Darksiders. The Voice acting as well is epic great things come from Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart both leading there great talents to a good game
76561198009505358,Not Recommended,234080,15552486,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ItsOnlyAGame,"This is more movie than game..... Please check the reviews: although it says ""Very Positive"" you will find, consistently, even in these positive reviews, great criticism concerning the (poor) game design and restrictive controls (NO CAMERA MOVEMENT AT ALL, for one). I reitterate, the visual design and storyline (the movie aspects) are enjoyable; but for someone looking to explore, and battle, and pan the landscape... this is not that game.Though I mentioned that this game is more movie than game; the game-design is more like theatre.... Let me explain: each playable level/board you encounter will be magnificently designed, visually, that is. You, however, will only be able to interact with a very small range of the area, the remaining area (which will be most of it) will be simply 'prop', liken to theatre. And I repeat, you cannot control the camera at all.I don't want to belabor the point - there are many reviews that go into depth regarding the game; and as I said, many still recommended it, though citing both cost and the issues raised here. So I'll conclude with: I do not recommend  this game over $10, you will feel cheated.GameOn"
,Not Recommended,234080,10358829,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,zeroZshadow,"10 minutes in and i already dislike it.Unclear fort tells you to block using I (or is it T?)Enemies dmg you when their attack animation starts and you are in range. Not wen they actually hit you.And the charging attack of the enemy that goes right underneath you, still hits you if you jump over it.Oh well, atleast i got the game for free."
76561198034941047,Recommended,234080,22822049,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,hanzenfranz,"I'm a huge Castlevania fan and I keep an open mind when it comes to new ideas/experiences even if they involve treasured game franchises. I played the original 2D classics and GBA/NDS sidescrollers and had a ton of fun with those games. I enjoyed the 3D Castlevania on the N64 and Lament of Innocence/Curse of Darkness on PS2. There hasn't been a stand out game that I absolutely detested and LoS is no exception.This reboot series does a really great job in many regards. The graphics are superb and the combat is complex with combos/parries/dodging etc. I've already beaten the game when it first came out on PS3 and the transfer to PC is great. The game never has looked better nor has the game ran as smoothly at 60fps. You'll definitely need a controller though as only n00bz only play on keyboard. The soundtrack isn't as epic as the second game in this series and sometimes sounds a lot like God of War.Speaking of God of War, this game borrows heavily from other franchises such as GoW, Shadow of the Colossus and Prince of Persia. This creates a sort of identity crisis for LoS and you'll either accept it or loathe the fact it tries to do so much variety without exceling in any particular area. The camera is probably one of the biggest complaints I read about since you don't have any control over it. It can be distracting but for the most part I don't find it a hindrince as the camera is pulled back far enough for you to see all the action. Attacks are properly tracked as well as enemy tracking when you perform moves.Depending on your playstyle you might clock around 15 hours of gameplay (not including DLCs) which is a meaty adventure for this type of game. I can't recommend this game enough. It's different in a good way and if you have an open mind you might just feel the same way."
,Recommended,234080,30857646,Posted: 31 March,all,PESTILENCE,"system 3/10 (almost made me give up on this game many timescombat 6.5/10 (gets boring)history 9/10 (it's kinda clichè but is the clichè everyone wants to see)puzzles 9/10 (some of the best parts in the game)port 10/10 (nothing to worry about)atmosphere 8/10 (all other stuff in the game)overall 7.5/10 it's a very long game, good for players who want to dedicate themselves onto it, sometimes it will get boring, it will get hard but you must carry on cause the ending makes all the hard work worthy"
,Not Recommended,234080,15197541,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,I'm Not Sue,"Lords of Shadow was to me a game made by people who seemed to have a good amount of care for the series but ultimately had too many badly executed ideas mixed in with inspired ones.Performance an presentation :The game actually ran more or less perfectly.  I had all settings on max on my 6850HD / 16gb / 3.2ghz * 6 system aside from AA on 8x instead of 16x.  The game maintained a steady 60fps even during most action scenes.  xbox360ce performed as expected and while controller binds can't be changed I felt like they all worked well.  I did not attempt to use KB+M controls.  Menus and saving and steam integration were pretty satisfactory (the game pauses when you open the steam overlay for instance) so it seems like the port was handled pretty well.The environments of the game are really a mixed bag.  The opening third of the game is set in arbitrary country locales and ruins with vermin small and large, while the rest is very nicely designed and atmospheric.  Music is either generic gothic choir you've heard before, or occasionally very inspired remixes of classic CV songs with a completely different tone.  A browse of the concept art gallery shows a lot of amazingly imagined locales that don't always translate over well into a third-person action titles.  My take from this was like feeling the tantalizing cool breeze coming from somewhere in a stuffy room, refreshing and wonderful when you felt it but not lasting beyond brief moments or strong enough to make the complete package something special.Story :Story wise... its kind of hard to say.  The game's protagonist doesn't feel like he fits the story as narrated in the loading screens of every stage.  They say how tortured and tired and full of anger he is, but he just acts like a more toned-down stoic badass type stutting happily away in transitions and cinematics, barely showing the tortured soul he is supposed to be until the very end of the game.  He is toned-down from most stoic badasses in videogames though, and the lack of over-the-topness is appreciated,   The game's originating premise is actually genuinely interesting but then resolves in a much less epic or interesting conclusion, as gathering all the dark powers together doesn't make the protagonist any kind of interesting figure (for good or evil) but results in a last boss and villain who just happened to have orchestrated the whole thing but is more or less irrelevant to the story in any meaningful way.  The game starts our pretty badly with you fighting indigenous monsters and meeting throwaway characters in the opening third to being much more player-relevant with foes and faces in the middle third, then ending with a nicely atmospheric desolate finale chapter more devoid of life in the last third.  It makes the opening third of the game feel very throwaway and put there just to be gamey rather than planned.  The post-credits story cutscene feels like a typical movie sequel hook set farther in the future but leaves questions to be answered in the post-release DLC that ultimately feels like a cop-out rather than a meaningful progression from the game to its sequel hook.  Something that could have been solved had the original premise led to a more interesting conclusion than villain-out-of-nowhere.Gameplay :This is pretty much where the game doesn't shine.  The game doesn't really excel in any particular area and is bad enough in some to be bad.  Not atrocious, just bad.  Lets talk about a few.The game holds your hand 95% of the time and then leaves you boggled for the other.  Every new area is camera-panned.  Ledges are highlighted with glows AND text telling you what to do in long text.    Enemy special attacks that allow for special contextual responses are zoomed, focused, and slow-mo'd... except when all of these aren't.  In those cases, you'll be left boggled by what exactly to do because the game wasn't designed in a way to SHOW, it was designed to TELL.  Hold R2 to grip!  Dodge that projectile!  But this one?  Nope you just get hit by the giant golem's hand that didn't really seem to touch you, and you fell off for some reason.  This is mitigated somewhat by gratuitous checkpoints, except at the end of the game where the game expects a sequence of actions performed across two paths with no checkpoint resets in between and doesn't inform you of the lost progress until you traverse one of the paths to find your progress wasn't kept.  The game isn't really hard because of this inconsistency, it just neither lets you feel clever or perceptive because it wasn't designed for you to think or try to solve it.  It was made to be spoonfed like applesauce, but then pours the applesauce on the table at a few points.Combat is very fluid but doesn't really reward or challenge the player too much except if you get hit.  The only way to heal is via hitting enemies while using a resource-limited super mode, by finding a healing shrine in the stage, or having it restored to 1/2 if you die and reload a checkpoint.  The only way to restore this resource is find a resource shrine or by hitting enemies without taking any damage yourself to build up a meter, much like in Devil May Cry games except this gives you Devil Trigger instead of points towards a reward at the end of a level.  The meter doesn't reward super mode unless it is completely full, and keeping it full is either completely easy or annoyingly difficult depending on the enemy.  Bosses?  Easy.  Groups of large mobs?  Not easy.  Small enemies?  OHKO them one by one with the grab attack, because its easier than fighting them normally and no small enemy is immune to the grab attack.Bosses are of two kinds.  Multi-phase bosses with predictable patterns, and Shadow of the Colossus style bosses that are completely uninteresting to fight.  You can't restore health on these bosses except by game over, which leads to having to watch choreographed 'look out for this attack' slow mo moments or waiting for attacks to cycle until you can actually do anything sooner than if you were able to manage your health like in normal combat.  Platforming on these bosses is not interesting, and they aren't even real puzzle bosses like they can be in SotC.  There is no gimmick or thought or variation in how you have to defeat them.  Its a script you just learn and follow, and this isn't helped by the fact that the ledge platforming can be a modest amount unresponsive at times.  Only one of the three in the game is actually meaningful to the story purely in that it is a reference Death's skeletal monster forms in the rest of the series.  Developers need to learn why Shadow of the Colossus was fun and not just try to copy the game's scale with sequences like these that are in no way fun to play.This is what I want to call a  'console-style game'.  The game is made for people who don't care to do much beyond pop the disc into the xbox and have the flashy cool gothic monster fighting show up on screen.  Irrelevant QTEs abound and show your character doing cool things rather than you doing them yourself.  Puzzles are all simple logic puzzles that don't require any thought and all of them give you the option to skip them.  Platforming and level progression are linear and there is no meaningful exploration, despite the illusion of it by divergent paths that converge again only a minute or so later in the stage.  Combat is quirky but more or less button mash friendly and half the enemy types are meaningless due to the grab move OHKO.  Constant checkpointing means you never get too stuck on any part of the game.This is not to say that all of these are bad things, just that they contribute to the theme of modern console titles that don't often really give memorable or amazing experiences but thanks to a big budget have too much work put in them to be terrible.  It wasn't terrible for $5 or so I paid for it, but it wasn't really good either."
,Recommended,234080,12268022,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Birdkoo,"Favourite Game on steam.Sure you can claim it's a God of War, Uncharted, Shadow of the Colossus, etc rip off, but none of them are available on PC.Beautiful graphics and artstyle, amazing orchestral soundtrack. 20 hour campaign, varied level design even it is quite linear. Great combat, that's a lot more flexible magic system than any similar game.Great voice acting, Robert Carlyle, Jason Isaacs, Patrick Stewart.Only downside is some poorly constructed platforming sections and strange trials.Still, an honest 9/10. A great reboot of Castlevania for a modern audience, but if you're one of the older fans of the series don't expect a side scrolling  adventure game. This is 3d person action, all the way.Story is relatable, and plausible, but hardly award winning. Good enough to see through the campaign.Maybe look at Mirror of Fate HD. Also the best game in the series.DLC included, adds a few hours? (If even a little tacted on.)"
,Recommended,234080,31677144,Posted: 10 May,all,Zeus00800,"Great game played it on Xbox 360 and now on Pc.For me the game feels like a mix of Devils May Cry, God of War and Prince of Persia.The worst thing in this game is probably the camera which you cannot control but you get used to it pretty fast.8/10"
,Not Recommended,234080,10394149,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,"This game doesn't live up to the Castlevania hype in comparsion to other Cvania's I've played in the past.  Which is a pity!Pros:Great graphics, atmosphere, challenging bosses, and fantastic voice acting.  It was awsome to hear the guy who plays Rumple from OUAT as Gabriel and Patrick Stewart as the main narrator, both did a great job.  This game gives that ""Castlevania"" feeling from those voices.  I also liked the fact, unlike other Cvania games:  this one is linear which gave me that old school nes feeling, not the metroid style SOTN.  I like both styles but it was nice to see this style again.  For a linear game, it's a good 20 hours.Cons:This game fails in many ways, which is why I do NOT recommend this title if it's more than $10 (I paid 10$ for it at the Summer Sale).  First off, just like with any other Cvania game I've played that was 3D, such as the one for the N64, you have NO control over camera angles!  I do not know how many games Konmai has to to make to get this right!  Sometimes the camera will do something stupid...sometimes you'll miss something...or even get hit by an enemy or boss.  The DLC content of the Forgotten One does this A LOT.Control:  Overall the control is ""OK"" Gabe is responsive pretty well except for quick relexes at times.  Control overall wasn't bad but it wasn't great either even with a 360 controller.Gameplay:  The gameplay is SOILD and is fast pace and the boss battle's were awesome except for mr RANDOM FORGOTTEN ONE.   What kills the pace, is that this game has a lot of quick time events.  This game is loaded with lots of them!  And if you screw up a QTE you usually will take damage and have to whittle down the boss to the same point and try again.  Fortunealty, the game is forgiveable on check points and you don't have to entirely have to start over.  I do not mind QTE'S for boss fights or key events but this game really spammed the crap out of them.  One boss alone had over FIVE QTE in one sequence.  That's over kill.Speaking over kill, this Cvania had a lot of puzzles....TOO many puzzles.  Most of the puzzles made sense and it was nice they offered the option to skip them (with no reward), but still just too many which killed the pace of this game.  Cvania isn't known for its puzzles.  It's known for its gothic and chain whipping action.Last but not least, Gabe has alot of moves but doesn't have many defensive moves to avoid attacks in the air or while he is in mid air.  Perhaps he should take a lesson from Dante from DMC?I plan to play the sequal when it drops down to a reasonable price.  Bottom line if you like castlevania and can deal with these issues then it's worth $30.  If these issues are over bearing, wait til it goes on sale, and you'll get your moneys worth!4.5/10"
,Recommended,234080,29564700,Posted: 29 January,all,UltimateHurl,"Characters who say ""We're not so different, you and I"": 3Characters who say ""Search your soul, you know it to be true"": 1Delightful."
,Recommended,234080,27364762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drikiller Kikone,"Não terminei o jogo ainda, mas o tempo que joguei foi o suficiente.Jogo top d+, bons gráficos, boa jogabilidade, chefes empolgantes de se combater, enfim...COMPRE !!!"
76561198083305379,Recommended,234080,28176089,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mindy5127,Very fun game:)
76561198044291784,Recommended,234080,29192944,Posted: 11 January,all,Foxareno,"i use controller on any game thats made for console and not a shooter so i had no problem witht he controls.found out the game wouldnt run because it doesnt like steam cloud saves.so if yours wont open turn on steam cloud sync.Pros-combat is fluent with lots of different combos and good blocking mechanics-the level creation is incredible, the places you go the lvl of detail int he scenery is great for the immersion. still hold up for old game graphics too-patrick stewart is the narrotor (need i say more)the storyline is great with lots of ctscenes and good voice acting- you play as durza from eragon or renard from the world is not enough. which is pretty cool cuz his voice is befittingCons- game is way too easy im ont he hardest diffuculty and you can just get all your health back in seconds once you have the void power. which is an ok mechanic but its used to  much to just heal anytime im gonna die- alot of ppl will hate the camera views(tho it didnt bother me at all) i like when it zoomns out far it may be hard to see sometimes but it really adds to the cinematicness of the game-some ppl may not like what they did to the series but ive never played a castlevania so this is dope.- game has problems witrh steam cloud saves and if you beat it and go to replay it you have to go into steam files to delete the saves or you will never be able to start a new gamenot many cons because i really enjoy the game. but i will say this if youre looking for wither this or the second one go for this the second one is garbage compared to this.2 introduces stealth mechanics which are terrible to the game- lots of backtracking which is also really dumb in a linear story hack and slash game. and the storyline sucks in 2 compared to this. the only thing 2 has on this 1 is the toymaker fight which is one of my favorite bossfights in gaming"
76561197966548925,Not Recommended,234080,28801923,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ijaka,"If you want to play a Castlevania game, put this down and go dig up one of the older games in the series. Honestly, any of them will be a better Castlevania experience than this, including Castlevania 64.The game seems like it wants to be a God of War game... but if you like those sort of games you'd have more fun playing one from that actual series.The combat can be fun when they're not mixing in obnoxious puzzle battles or confusing more enemies for more challenge. If you're lucky, the camera is only a minor hinderance. The platforming is weird. Most of the time they want you to walk up to the edge of a platform and then jump, invisible walls are everywhere to keep you from falling off most places. Except for the ones where there suddenly aren't.In the end, I couldn't stick with it. I hate leaving a game incomplete, but this one was too frustrating to be worth my time.Update: Because I'm a glutton for punishment apparently, I went back and tried again. Everything just got worse."
76561197977395354,Not Recommended,234080,11741017,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Zaru,This game is in every conceivable way designed to waste your time.
76561198068548459,Not Recommended,234080,12067322,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,rasputin,terrible
,Recommended,234080,16972931,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jota,"Go ahead, it's a very good hack and slash, and the final boss in the second dlc is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197976766640,Not Recommended,234080,20255415,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ness,"Pretty bad, fixed camera angle, uninspiring gameplay/fighting. The game forces you to move in small narrow paths. Got sick of this the first time I tried it. 3/10."
,Recommended,234080,17857971,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Legit Romulan,"Easily the most epic game I've played in years.  Best enjoyed with a gamepad or controller, but still... the exploration, the combat, the settings.  I cannot stress enough how amazing I find this game.  Simply get it.  And play and be amazed!"
,Recommended,234080,9464072,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Al Ches,"Very good third-person action-adventure game. It have a fascinating scenario, scoring of game characters by real actors, epic surroundings and music.Levels design was really highly developed, sometimes you saw on it and just forget what you must do.Scripted cut-scenes based on the game engine looks great.Actors voice make any game character looks like a living person.Scenario of the game is surprisingly not become bored through 12 chapters.It's really seems that executive producer of the original game was Hideo Kojima, which i cannot say same about final DLC...Most biggest minuse of game is the Reverie and Resurrection DLC (just my opinion). Cut-scenes based on drawing scetches, scenario of DLC leave only questions than giving answers, Patrick Stewart as Narrator was replaced. And most important final two chapters have a really pain in a*s difficulty, especially the final boss: he have all area attacks, they cannot be blocked or eluded with help of holy shield. This final guy absolute immune to crystal/fairy's/holy water. But somehow i kicked his a*s.Tip: FOR REFILL HEALTH/MAGIC USE CHAPTER 5-7.For All WHO WANT GET 100% ACHIVEMENTS i recommend youtube channel of On3ManCr3w. This guy rocks!"
,Recommended,234080,873468,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Soundcreepy,"Everything I remember being great about the console version, just better on PC (framerate, resolution, the normal) A must for any action hack and slash gamer."
76561198021757575,Recommended,234080,3380771,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,BY FAR THIS IS THE BEST CASTLEVANIA GAME EVERTHAT THEY CAME OUT WITH!!!!!!!They Really Went Back To Old Skool Ways On The Game PlayAn Weapons It Still Is Bad♥♥♥♥♥!It Really is Promising An a Must Own Game!!!Just Wish You Can Kill Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Vampires From Twilight In This..That Would Make IT Superb But ill Just Think It LOL!!!!!!!Sux It VAN HELSING Your WEAK!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,234080,3065698,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Nagato,"100% Corridor has nothing in common except few things with Castlevania series game. Combat system is primitive thats all, push X to win, i found much of combat upgrades useless. Levels are pretty short. Game has unnecessary features for corridor slasher. To be fair original NES Castlevanias was pretty much corridor, so someone might say ""DUDE ITS BACK TO BASICS!"" but no, in 2010-13 it looks not so well, it should be more like Darksiders or Dark Souls(actually Dark Souls gameplay type will be perfect for modern Castlevania). Stupid shadow of collosus boss battles(I just dont like it, deal with it). Also game has camera lock - awful. So If you are huge Castlevania fan like i am you can boldly skip this title, if you want some mid-level corridor slasher so you can buy it i guess. To be fair again, the music is neat, graphics not bad and views and designs are awesome."
76561197978035960,Not Recommended,234080,17557055,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,kweeks1,"Some people like the timing press a button game but I don't. The game really doesn't have anything to do with strategy but more a press a key on the keyboard when it tells you to. I can't tell you how frustrating that is if your not a typest and it tells you to press a key at a certain time and you miss the message and your dead and have to start over again. This reminds me so much of the arcade game Dragons Lair where you had a joystick to move and you had a buttons to push at a specific times to advance. The key mapping is horrible for PC but you can remap it and that helps some, you can diffently tell the game is for console games since the camera doesn't doesn't swing so your stuck with one camera view. If I had an Xbox game PC controller it might make the game better to control, but still the game is kind of boring kill monster go down the path kill the next monster."
76561198028333968,Not Recommended,234080,9042335,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,☠ 絕望的小丑 ☠,"This game controller,camera and fight style sucks.U click attack button once but the player keeps hitting somewhere,sometimes u can t see enemy because he s back of the camera,he jumps randomly when i try to walk on left.buy this only when its discount,DO NOT BUY FOR THE FULL PRICE ITS NOT WORTH!!"
76561197970943881,Recommended,234080,478679,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,nmb11,tin-plate!!! xD
76561198007935557,Not Recommended,234080,28983657,Posted: 3 January,all,Attila,"Fixed camera is a mess and killed the whole joy and fun,"
,Recommended,234080,11912068,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,731 Squad,"When I bought this game I thought ""This is crap! What was I did?""But then I played this game more and..This is amazing!! Very good graphics and very beautiful effects and characters. I like games with bosses. But this game has disadvantage: some boring gameplay. But 8,5/10P.S. I am really surprised with graphics! It really coolly for the past... and for the present time!!!!!!"
76561198054541354,Not Recommended,234080,28351974,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Falkyx,"I barely give bad reviews, but I haven't felt this much frustration with a game in a while.I only made it to the end of Chapter 2, before uninstalling.Bad stuff:- Camera angles are fixed and often hid either your player or an enemy- The first two boss fights are horrendous- So many fetch quests, so many...- Fighting doesn't matter, just grab the enemy for a 1-hit KOThe game has potential, it looks like a cool story and the design of the characters are good. But I really cannot deal with another clunky battle while collecting yet another door key."
,Recommended,234080,23876625,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BaasKaas,"If only I had money for the second one.. I normally don't like these games but the combat and the challenge is amazing. I LOVE the story of the series (had to experience it from video's sadly) and the style of this game <3 I do think that 25 euros is a bit much for the game but if it's under 10 I can very easily recommend anyone to pick this up, even if you're not a fan of this adventure/action/hack and slash style :)Little pro's and con's list..PRO:StoryCombatGraphicsLevel designVoice actingChallengingCON:Camera controlsLinearKB/M controls are kinda bad - controller recommended!Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,234080,31547388,Posted: 4 May,all,Blacksoul,"Awesome game. Love everything about it, sound, gameplay, cutscenes. 10/10    Just buy this, you get to play as the ultimate badass."
76561198071781219,Recommended,234080,8151690,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,It's a me Mario :D,"Castlevania is a MASTERPIECE of gaming!Every second of it is special and the campaign is totally stunning!It will keep every gamer at edge of his\her seat!Great graphics,gameplay and worthy every sing cent!!!A must have in my opinion!!!1000000/10 !!!!"
,Recommended,234080,7774365,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,RykerrK,"Pretty solid port of the console game; a medium-set rig will be able to pull off higher resolutions at a better framerate than its console counterpart, which unfortunately makes the transitions between in-game cinematic and gameplay that much more jarring.Controls are fine, as long as you have a 360 Gamepad; customization options and usability for keyboard controls and third-party gamepads are lacking a bit.Story-wise, as long as you understand that this isn't considered canon and is instead an offshoot loosely based on the timeline set by the original games, it's alright.  The DLC additions included in this title are, however, not very good at all, and feel rushed and don't do a good job of tying the plotholes shut.  I feel sorry for people who paid for the DLC on consoles.  With any luck they'll retcon their decisions when the imminent sequel is published.Graphically, this game is drop-dead gorgeous, and breaks out of the claustrophobic issues that plagued the series' previous 3D forrays.  The scenery is very pretty.  The music is okay... the series has had much better works tied to it, generally from Michiru Yamane.  For the mood this game tries to convey, it works.  The occasional throwbacks to the classic themes are mildly offensive, however.Mechanics-wise, Castlevania: LoS doesn't bring anything to the table you haven't seen done better elsewhere.  The platforming can be mildly to moderately infuriating, and the combat ranges from feeling good to having you bite your controller in frustration trying to grab a grenade from someone as required to progress instead of simply eviscerating them.  The navigation pointers are fairly insulting, and even if you disable hints, the game often displays them anyways.But the storyline shines through, and has appeal whether you're versed in the Castlevania canon or not.  As a whole, the game holds itself together well enough to merit a playthrough if you enjoy hack 'n slashers --er, whipping 'n holy water lobbing, I guess.If you aren't sure about it, I'd wait for a sale, but as a fan of the series, I was more than happy to drop the full $30 on it.  I owned this on the 360 and the PS3, and the PC version was the first one I managed to play through.  Playing it on PC, even with a 360 controller, makes all the difference in the world.  I'm looking forward to the sequel!"
,Not Recommended,234080,22668029,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,brokenspiders,The camera on this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  Example; during the fight with the titan rocks fall out of the sky and you cant even see your character to dodge the attacks.  Instead of creating a hard and rewarding experience they created a frustrating experience by not allowing you to move the camera so you can...see the action.
,Recommended,234080,14951353,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"I really enjoyed Lords of Shadow. True it is barely a Castlevania game, and true that the combat is a little sloppy compared to the genre gold-standard Platinum, but all the same I loved it. Pretty environments, Patrick Stewart, and a bunch of references to some of the more esoteric Castlevania lore can carry you a long way."
,Not Recommended,234080,22686073,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆MoreGod of WarthanCastlevania.Likes:+ Nice Music+ Nice Scenery+ Captain Picard+ Graphics performance+ Interesting Story/Monster Origin+ Menu Book + HUD Art.  For some reason, more and more recent games are using programmer-art as final product HUDs, its nice to see something with artistic effort.Dislikes:- Linear linear linear- Locked camera angles- No equipment system- Unintuitive level design- Invisible walls everywhere- Slow and inconsistent pacing- Parkour is slow, stiff, and non-dynamic- The loading screen text often seems spoilery- Most collectibles are unrewarding scrolls of text- 'Mounts' are pointless gimmicks to open the next room- Controller layout doesn't feel right, and can't be changed- PreRendered cutscenes, with worse than ingame graphics?- Combat is mindless button mashing and/or quicktime events- Forced replay, of linear levels, to access new collectibles & trials- Magic: Light and Dark mode are simple toggles, and are more like ARPG gear stats- Only 3 enemy types:1.  Trash packs that you spam AoE, or grab+quicktime to 1shot (refill your HP and/or MP)2.  Stagger-proof mini-bosses, dodge roll their attacks (spend MP here)3.  Shadow of the Colossus wanabes, with stiff climbing mechanics, and trial&error phases- ""You cannot carry any more Daggers."""
76561198033529298,Not Recommended,234080,20257024,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Okon,"It's like God Of War only worse in every single way. Your whip is the only Castlevania like thing in the game, and it has absolutely no whip like qualities."
,Not Recommended,234080,24817102,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Pesmerga,"This game is simply not fun.Great graphics, great longevity  and lots of combos.Controls are a bit stiff and they get quite frustrating especially during some platform sections.There are a lot of moves but you'll rarely use them especially with bosses since you have a small window to attack them not large enough to perform any other move than a handful of power slaps with your ""whip"". All the aerial moves are almost useless since you can't dodge in the air and you get hit easily.Lots of quick time events, in some case miss one and game over, in the majority of bosses miss one, the boss regains life, start pouding it again.Backtracking that forces you to complete a level again if you missed a gem or a weapon upgrade, plus some of the upgrades can't be acquired before getting a  power up at the end of the 8th chaper (12 total).Plot isn't that great either and the ending is quite lame, the final boss in the dlc is one of the cheapest and most frustrating bosses I've ever encountered.I just didn't enjoy it, kudos to the vampire killer easter egg in the music box level."
76561198008414102,Not Recommended,234080,28795341,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DamZe,"I tried to love this game, I really did. As an old school Castlevania fan I approached this as any other Castlevania game, but boy was I about to be surprised. This has nothing going for it, the story is meh at best, but Castlevania games were always played for the excellent gameplay mechanics and tight controls with an often hard yet fair difficulty.This game has none of that! The controls are sluggish and often unresponsive, the level design is chaotic with secret items and upgrades often obscured  and very frustrating to uncover naturally, and on top of that they managed to put in some of the worst and failed QTE mechanics which completely feel forced and devoid of any skill. Timing is also random at times so you can fail these repeatedly which leads to even more frustration since the main bosses all have some sort of QTE element to them. I used an XBOX 360 controller and it still felt completely off and unprecise!To summarize this is a far cry from the Castlevania of old, it is riddled with bad game design decisions and frustratingly sluggish and unintuitive control mechanics making it a chore rather than a fun experience. Overall it is not worth the time or effort, modern day KONAMI has lost all its touch with its classic franchises and is spiraling into oblivion, and this game is a perfect example of just that.When you have to force yourself to play a game, you know it’s bad and that is exactly how I felt about this game which I soon am going to remove from my account as I doubt I would ever want to endure the horror that is the QTE unresponsive controlled boss battle failure that this game brings to the table.Goodnight sweet prince of darkness…"
,Not Recommended,234080,17075654,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"This game legitimately bored me to sleep twice. Even when I went back with god mode, infinite magic, and the ability to breeze through for Patrick Stewart: Spirit of Death and the game's insane plot, itput me to sleep.Play the sequel. Maybe play the mid-quel (that one's iffy but not dull). But holy god, skip this."
76561198049649537,Recommended,234080,26575304,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SoulPotato,"A very well made hack and slash game with cool combo's and techniques . I have never played castlevania but still understood the story so no problem if you havent played other titles . Talking about some pro's and con's......Pro's -+Good Story+Great Bosses+Gothic environment and Castles+Good Combo's+Vampire's , lycan's ,  zombie's and other cool enemiesCon's --Camera angle is fixed , but it was not much of a problem for me-Graphics can sometimes feel outdatedOverall a very well made game with story and if you are in a mood for some hack and slash game on a weekend , this game is perfect 9/10"
,Not Recommended,234080,14782615,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Whoota,"Queue the cool music, stair walking and vampire whipping; this isCastlevania.Except that it is not. Not. One. Bit.Castlevania: Lords of Shadowis the first 3D foray of the series in a long time and considering its track record in the third dimension you'd expect Konami to have learned their lesson. So they delegated the task to a Spanish studio called Mercury Steam. They produced a meaty and decent action game, but not aCastlevaniagame.Castlevaniahas a considerable pedigree when it comes to control, gameplay, action and pacing. You're a brutal vampire hunter out to slay the evil Dracula and his minions. You'd have to find your own way, overcomes dozens of different foes and occasionally master more than one character.Castlevania: Lords of Shadowhas none of that. The game is strictly linear, the enemies are monotomous and sometimes overly cheap, and you're generally limited to just your one guy: Gabriel Belmont.Gabriel is sent to save the world from entropy after the heads of your order messed up their retirement plan and now the world is going to hell. The plot and the characters are oddly similar toDarksiders 2, a game in itself that borrows heavily from other games.Castlevania's combat is borrowed largely fromGod of Warand the platforming was taken straight fromGod of Waras well with additional slowdown and tediousness. Gabriel controls like a tank and climbing along walls takes an eternity. And this game contains a lot of climbing. Adding everything up amounts to a very slow and cumbersome experience that is a carefully distilled insult to the pedigree ofCastlevania. That is after you get through the tutorial, that insits on getting in your face at every blasted second. When you're finally let go, the game still posts prompts to let you know you're going the wrong or that you can do something here. It is just a beltsander that grinds away any sense of accomplishment you might have gotten.Everything about the game is just sluggish. Besides the movement, the story telling is ham-fisted and the voice acting if off key. Even the great Patrick Steward couldn't absolve this charade. It becomes downright painful when the game keeps sending you through maze after climb after puzzle just to keep you busy. At this point Kratos would have lost all his motivation, let alone Simon Belmont; who would have just turned around left when he saw that the eponymous castle doesn't appear until two-thirds in. Add to this a whole load of ripped-off content directly fromShadow of the Colossusand so many quickltime events it would make the guys at TellTale Games rethink their design.All in all, I cannot in good conscience reccomend this game. It is terribly paced and the gameplay is slow and boring. The music is hardly inspiring to keep playing and the overall design is almost insulting to the player. It doesn't remotely do the name ofCastlevaniajustice."
76561198009412850,Not Recommended,234080,22688256,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,snave,"Performance-wise, it beautifully at native HD resolution on my non-gaming laptop. As far as ports goes, that's amazing. However, it is unplayable without a controller. There is a widely reported input buffer/queue which is horrendous. Doubly so if you have any sort of multilingual environment set up as somehow it wreaks utter havoc with Windows IME (I really cannot figure out what it's mapping things to to cause such issues).I neither recommend nor recommend against this game."
76561197984257788,Not Recommended,234080,34514000,Posted: 26 August,all,Somerset Steve,"Oh I so wanted to like this game but it's just so frustrating. I've never looked at the screen in disbelief so often and said ""really? really?"" or ""you have to be kidding me?"".I should've realised early on when the game designers seemed to think that wading slowly through mud and stopping to wait for some bubbles to disappear would be fun. That's not fun and it's not tense. It's boring and it's not even challenging.I fought through it to the end to find out what happened to Gabriel and his wife, and to see the beautiful vistas you come across every so often, but I just didn't enjoy playing it - I envy those of you who did.Great art direction, appalling game direction."
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,234080,15196808,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"Played 5 hours and I'd say this game is quite like Darksiders. Pretty much the same combat style and if you enjoy Devil May Cry, you may probably love this one too.But in my opinion Darksiders (both 1 and 2) are better. I quite like this game at the beginning but soon got bored. First of all the loading chapter/episode makes the whole story isolated, I dislike the re-introducing of story every 30 mintes it's frustrating but I guess this is the way the story develops, since it does not have many CG tells you what's going on. Secondly the camera needs to be fixed. I have difficulty all the time finding necessary stuffs simply because within the fixed angel of camera, there is no way to see around clearly, so I ended up wandering just to find some dead body and wasted so many times- I mean where are the fun???But there's also merits of the game. The graphic is good scenes are beautiful, and considering my process I would say this game could last 15+ hours for the main story which is good. You can actually mount your enemy and make use of them. The lycan helps you smash giant rocks and spiders help you make a net like build up a  bridge. Boss combat is tight regardless hints should be given. This game could have been a lot better.Well I would give this game a 6/10. worth a try, buy only for a discount price."
,Recommended,234080,20652408,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"One word for this game: EPIC!Are you looking for the PC version of God of War? Well my friend, just buy it without hesitation. If you knew Castlevania before this game, you already know everything and there's nothing I can do to explain it to you. I played first Castlevania on my NES when I was a kid and I enjoyed it as well as I enjoyed this one. We can call this game a reboot to story and they made it just... well I don't know how to say it but all I can say is you gotta play this game if you're looking for a good story and a good hack and slash. That last boss called The Forgotten One might challenge you a little bit but we all played Dark Souls right? They spilled 'a little bit' Dark Souls just for that boss. Oh and the soundtracks, man, they are in my favorite video game soundtracks now. That's all I can say about this game, I hope it's enough to convice you."
,Not Recommended,234080,29026030,Posted: 4 January,all,retrorev,"lack of controller support and clunky keyboard mapping make this very frustrating. Stopped playing at first boss... I would be interested in playing again if they ever patch this to work with a controller, until such time, uninstalling."
76561198050597905,Not Recommended,234080,22739473,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,gmercado34,this game would have been very good except for the camera angle they gave it.konami needs to learn from the tombraider franchise.
,Not Recommended,234080,22804597,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Tries to embrace Castlevania's aestheticTries to hold God of War's combatTries to wear Prince of Persia's platforming bootsThe game itself is fine enough, but it tries to be all of these things and comes up sort of short. Combat is JUST stiff enough to where you feel like you're constantly getting swatted out of moves, ESPECIALLY in mid air. The inability to control the camera exacerbates platforming and combat issues.Story is all over the place and nonsensical near the end, ESPECIALLY in the DLC. ♥♥♥♥ the DLC. ♥♥♥♥ every aspect of the DLC. It's awful.♥♥♥♥♥♥levels,♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles,♥♥♥♥♥♥""stealth sequences"", ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bosses.Forgettable music, forgettable cast, forgettable environments, boring boss battles that consist of spamming one combo, dodging, then doing a QTE. It banks hard on being a re-envisioning of Castlevania lore and almost, almost looks like it's going to pull it off, then just drops every ball spectacularly towards the end.If this game wasn't named ""Castlevania"", it might get a pass, but the fact of the matter is, you just expect more from the name.Pass on this unless you're really hard up for an action game and really crave another look at  aCastlevania mythos that has absolutely nothing to do with the main series' storyline."
76561197970495656,Not Recommended,234080,8499759,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,(TO)SHS/Oiusodoff,kEYS LAY OUT ARE AWFULLLACK OF SCREEN MOVMENT  WHEN FIGHING BOSSESGOT IT WHEN IT WAS ON SALE THANKGOODNESS OTHERWISE I WOULD HAVE BE RIPED OFFWOULD I RECOMMEND THIS GAME....HELL NO
,Not Recommended,234080,12410409,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Aliandris,"TL, DR; This isn't Castlevania, it's Final Fantasy 13 with a Castlevania paintjob.So, where to begin.  Pros?Decent voice acting.  Belmont was nice to listen to, and Patrick Stewart did a passable job.  The graphics are pretty enough, if you care about that sort of thing.  The sheer number of combat options even early was daunting, but sure to be a bonus for them that like it.  The storyline seemed like it was going to be interesting.  Really, this game would have been a great visual novel.Sadly, that's about it.  None of the pros were exquisite or amazing, not enough to keep me slogging through.Cons.Good lord, the hand holding.  I've never felt so babied since I was an actual literal child.  I kept waiting for the game to just fire my controller out of the jack and start playing itself.  The tooltips and popups are just so eager to help out that they seriously overstay their welcome.Combat.  It falls into a category I really hate, which is 'fluid-ish'.  Sure you've got a bevy of crazy combat moves, but you're never going to have any time to pull any of the cool stuff off before you get your lights punched out.  Dodging was pretty useful, but blocking meant stopping everything and standing totally still or Belmont wouldn't actually block until after you got socked in the jaw.  You can't make a combo heavy game and then make all the cool stuff either take forever to pull off or tie it into standing still for a bit.While I'm on combat, does every boss have to be a big set-piece half-battle half-puzzle thing?  I've got a bag of cool tricks but when it comes time to beat down something awesome it's all climbing and button mashing?Related to that, quick time events?  Why bother?  Just show me a video of me doing something awesome, because I can tell you, the third time I have to repeat a boss fight because I missed a click is decidedly not awesome.  You clearly want to be a movie, so just go ahead and be a movie.This game is linear.  Crazy linear.  The only reason to go off the beaten path is to find the gem or item hidden 3 steps down that path.  This is supposed to be Castlevania, I should be able to run around and explore willy nilly.  This game didn't even look explore up in the dictionary before running roughshod over its corpse.I appreciate the desire to implement the ""Go back to old areas to find power ups"" thing, because that's totally Castlevania.  The wrong way to do that would be to chop every area up into its own chapter, forcing you to pick and choose which chapter you want to repeat in the hopes you finally have the powerset needed to access the items you missed (and know you missed because the game helpfully tells you everything you missed in every chapter).  Returning to an area should be a choice, and should feel organic.  I should be back there because being back there makes sense, not because I'm gruellingly farming powerups.Post level trials.  I get it, trials are nice.  But hey, if I complete the trial the first time through the level, credit me?  Repeating a level just to do the exact same thing I literally just did is stupid.There's probably more, but at this point I'm just beating a dead horse.  This game needed to be more like Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver and less like Final Fantasy ♥♥♥♥ing 13."
76561198000522429,Not Recommended,234080,12266064,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Bran_Camp,"A buggy, oddly paced experience coupled with a laughable story and cringe-inducing acting all add up to a thumbs down. This is a massive departure from the Castlevania series I grew up loving."
,Not Recommended,234080,9882926,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Klevermunky,"Of all the games i have bought on steam this is in the top 5 for worst waste of money. I bought it on sale but even sale price is too much for it. First off by all accounts it looked really good, big name voice actors, good graphics and lots of action.This game is about a year old but it plays and feels like a much older game. It has lifted elements of games like God of war, Shadow of the colossus and Tomb raider but in the end it falls flat on its face trying to be all at once.The gameplay is simple button bash car on rails, nothing new or exciting. The weapons feel underpowered and the mix of extra moves and magic are way too fussy imo. The fact that you cant control the camera is by far the biggest flaw with this game. Take into account that all the hidden stuff is always out of direct view and you cant use the camera to look for it. It gets real old real fast, it also makes the combat a joke as the camera auto corrects to fixed points as your trying to fight.All in all this game is a mix and match of old dated game dynamics that should be left in the past. I can't recommend this game to anyone at any price."
76561197994892338,Not Recommended,234080,20138235,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mosrael,"Ported to PC, and... can't... handle mouse. Ok. Maybe I should have researched before buying."
,Not Recommended,234080,22709473,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,thegreenman,"I wanted to like this game, it has everything I normally like in a game. However the controls are so horribly laggy the game is unplayable. Keypresses continue to register for 30 seconds in the menu screen after my quick and inevitable lag induced death. I'm not sure what the problem is, but this game gets a zero out of 10 until the controls work properly."
76561198062978397,Recommended,234080,20413314,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,El Hijo Del Rambo,What Can i say I Loved it the difficulty in the dlc is really High for any Castlevania Fan this is a must play
76561198060421127,Recommended,234080,20166099,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,S1ickReed,"One of the best games I ever played, the artstyle, story,length, gameplay, fighting mechanics,leveling mechanics. Its just an awesome game."
76561198205836687,Recommended,234080,20549108,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dave84p,love it awsome story and great combat system !!!!!!!!!
76561197974692684,Recommended,234080,29289335,Posted: 15 January,all,scythenvein,This game is cloud dependent. Would not start up unless cloud sync is enabled on it.
76561198052652298,Not Recommended,234080,22687305,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,phil,"no camera control, poor character control, very disapointedonly good thing about this was i only paid 5 quid for it, even that was 5 quid too much.saying anything more is wasting my time.don't waste your time or money buying this one."
,Not Recommended,234080,20672948,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Conceited Guy,this is god-awful. garbage.
,Recommended,234080,8541545,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Evilcupoftea,"Its got Patrick Stewart in it. Just, yes."
,Not Recommended,234080,19749343,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Lutikka,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥clone of all the games you liked in 2000.
,Recommended,234080,8476435,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),"this game rocks!  great graphics, gameplay and an immersive storyline I would give this 5 stars.  but why listen to me, get the game and see for yourself"
,Not Recommended,234080,20157667,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,buhdeuce,"Played a few stages, couldn't stand the bad gameplay anymore. It all comes down to the forced camera angle. They tried to create something cool or just meet a business objective of having X new features, but it backfired. Not as half as fun as Curse of Darkness or Lament of Innocence."
,Not Recommended,234080,20217753,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ash,"I bought this game wanting another Dante's inferno or Devil May Cry experience, what I got was: fight some dude, cutscene, fight some dudes, cutscene, walk forward, cut scene, fight a big dude, cut scene, shadow of the colossus rip off, cut sceneI stoped playing after that"
76561198059403037,Not Recommended,234080,20201345,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,litbear02,hate it when you purchase a game and it has no mouse controls.  all i could find keyboard only.  would have given a possible like if i could played it.  wasted the money.  at least it was on sale.
76561198020284877,Not Recommended,234080,20241382,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Degrelecence,"It isn't a terrible game it just isn't really good either. It has a mildly interesting story told by Patrick Stewart, which is neat and the combat is fun (seems to be directly stolen from Devil May Cry, or at best 'inspired' by God of War). What's the problem then? For starters? Fixed camera angles... That was pretty much abolished from video games about a decade ago due to it being the worst possible control scheme but Castlevania has seen fit to bring it back. Second, repetitive. Combat is fun... The first 50x times you do it, but you have done it 200x by about 4 hours into the game and it has lost all of it's luster. Also, it is insultingly easy, even on the hardest settings. I am not the kind of guy to complain about stuff being too easy, usually. I think if it is fun, it doesn't matter. This is so easy, it loses fun factor. Also, it is very linear. Finally, too much 'story', not enough gameplay. Every level is short and has 10x cutscenes in it, then we listen to Picard narate for another 3-5 mins before the next level. If the story was compelling enough that wouldn't matter, but it isn't a hollywood movie in story quality so they could have made up for that in gameplay or involving the player in the story more. I should add that this really isn't designed for people who are big fans of old school Castlevania games. Not even sure why they bothered to call it that. It is a generic demon slaughter action game where they name stuff related to Castlevania, if the main char's last name wasn't Belmont, no one would have noticed. Also, it being designed in short levels rather then one sprawling map feels very not-Castlevania. Pretty mild critism though.Again, the game isn't terrible. I might give it a 7/10, if I was feeling generous. If it was free to play it would be like a 9/10, but as for spending money... I wouldn't bother spending money on it unless you really have nothing else to play and don't care about the cost."
76561198041461815,Not Recommended,234080,20262551,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bjola,"Recommended Spend: Free or lessI usually love Darksiders/Batman combo attack, free roam gameplay like this but ugh. Just ugh. I only played for a handful of hours at best.The camera is TERRIBLE. Hold down to run through this camera angle and then the next angle you need to run up. What happens? You end up bumping back and forth between camera screens. That level of frustration is not something I was going to put up with for the entire game. Let alone multiple run throughs for achievements."
,Not Recommended,234080,22901968,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","Pretty misleading title. It's a hack and slash that wants to be like Devil May Cry or Ninja Gaiden. Not only that, it does a better job of being Pan's Labyrinth meets God of War/Prince of Persia rather than having much to do with Castlevania. The goblins and werewolves are the most generic looking I've seen in a while, and while some of the art/cinematography look really nice, the combat/bosses/environmental interaction/orchestral soundtrack are all so textbook and ""been there; done that"". It's barely anything like the Retrovanias pre-1997, and it's barely anything like the Metroidvanias from SotN onwards. It's definitely more like the 3D Castlevanias on N64 and PS2, and is basically as good as Lament of Innocence, except that game at least had Yamane as the composer."
,Not Recommended,234080,22902379,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,JackxBlack,"TL;DR : Do I recommend this game or not? Well, both. I'll keep it at No though, simply because it didn't encourage me to play the sequel. This is the problematic part with Steam Reviews (or yes/no opinions of a medium in general). 5/10 - a God of War wannabe that's unnecessarily stretched out, has shallow gameplay and leaves with one question: What?Let's be honest. It's a slasher (or at least how I call those games), God of War/Devil May Cry type of game. Story doesn't matter, it's all about putting great combos, keeping the score high and taking no damage by doing flashy plays. The problem with it it only does one half of it well - the player mechanics - and it doesn't do it perfectly neither. The base attacks feel smooth, very similar to those of God of War. What it did better, was having more combos that are actually usefull in anyway. What it didn't do good enough, compared to let's say latest Devil May Cry, was combos.Wait what?The problem with this combo system is that you use them just for the sake of using them. Thank lord they work and are effective, in contrary to GoW where you just keep mashing SQUARE because everything else sucks, but those combos are still seperate entities - you can't combine them together to create, if you are good enough, an infinite chain of different attacks fitting the opponent you're facing to prevent any damage from being taken while devastating everyone around. Here you perform one combo, have it's effect, proceed to the other one, have a different effect. No connection or transition at all. It's not bad, but it's far from perfect. It can be fun, but it could be much more fun.So that's OK-ish. There are some good parts of the gameplay. I was honestly impressed by the quality of animations. They were very detailed and smooth. Also all the supernatural monsters felt very natural, so that's a big plus. This was even better in the cutscenes - big shoutout to their animation/cinematic team, great job. Also, some of the fights felt reeeeeaaaaly epic. There is a couple of fights with enourmous enemies, that even though are one big quick time events, felt glorious and epic.Going back to combat though - the second part it, that's unfortunately the bad part, are opponents (except of the giants mentioned before). They are shallow and annoying and most of them is just a filler. They have very little depth, to most counterplay is the same, there is nothing that you would not expect. It goes sadly for both generic mobs and bosses - let's say one of the major bosses could be simplified to counter > 3 attacks > counter > 3 attacks > dodge > 3 attacks. Repeat n times. There were also generic monsters introduced in the final, let's say hub, of the game, that were just walking in your direction just to be mowed with area attacks. They did NOTHING. Very disappointing.There's one more thing that absolutely NEEDS to be mentioned, when talking about Castlevania's gameplay - static camera. This is one of those games where camera has a fixed angle and sometimes slightly follow player's movement. Why on earth someone ever though that was a good idea?! And why on earth someone executed this so badly?! In this game, there were multiple round arenas, with camera placed at the ""bottom"" part of it and following player's movement upward. That means, that if you are pushed, or just manouver to the furthest part of it, YOU CAN'T SEE♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is extremely frustrating. It also doesn't help that transition from one camera placement to the other is always confusing - do I keep the same direction on the stick for my character to move forward, or do I change it? Why the ♥♥♥♥ does it change when I'm enterring a narrow ledge and need to be precise with my movement? There were also locations, that were split into seperate paths creating a loop. You could choose if you want to go left or right. Both paths were meeting at their end, but also you needed to cover them both, overall, to let's say gather both keys. That often led to a situation where you follow one path comfortably just to cover the other by RUNNING INTO THE CAMERA, NOT SEEING ANYTHING IN FRONT OF THE CHARACTER. WHAT. THE. HELL. Many times camera was the reason I was about to quit the game. It's THAT bad.There's also another part of gameplay, that's simply insignificant - the exploration/climbing parts. Basically, it's just a way to prolong the game and show you some views. I'm not going to talk about it much since there's nothing to talk about - it cannot be failed, there's nothing creative about it, it just is. One thing I'm going to say is that it's very inconsistent which can be frustrating - there are some ledges that you can jump over, and there are some that you can't. So you can sometimes create a shortcut and jump to the lower level of the location, but sometimes you can't. Similarly you sometimes cannot fall into abyss, because an invisible wall protects you, but sometimes you can.But what is the game actually about, what about the world it is in? Well, it does look good. Even after a couple of years, the game looks pretty good (in 2K and max settings) for it's age. It also runs well - I had no technical issues and kept stable 144FPS, without a single drop (not counting prerendered videos). The story, however... I don't know. Is it even there? One could say it's missing such key elements, that it cannot be called a story. There's no introduction to the lore, to the protagonist, what the mission is, there's no conclusion neither. You are thrown into an arena for some riddiculus reason that you do not fully understand and you are told: ""Kill monsters! There are also some Lords of Shadows, somewhere."". The main character is as much developed as a plank in a fence and carries just as much emotions. It's actually funny that they tried to develop Gabriel (that's his name) during LOADING SCREEN TEXT. So you find out that your character is troubled, or mad, or depressed, by listening to some dude reading loading screen fluff, not by the character's actions, expression or speech. Very poor, totally not bought. The story also concludes (no spoilers, don't worry) in an absolutely riddiculus way. The ""twist"" that's at the end is completely absurd even though it was teased, and it's also followed by another ""twist"" right after, during the same cutscene, that's even worse. At that point you basically lose all hope and play the game to be over with it. Doesn't matter what my motivations are, I'll just kill the dude and hope that's it. But wait! It's NOT!I'm not going to say what's happening, but if you play this game, and if by the final boss you think the story cannot get any worse, you are wrong my friend."
76561198044826320,Recommended,234080,22658804,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Khani,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-BLAf0zp5s
,Recommended,234080,13533069,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kitsunegari,Yo it's pretty good
76561198070462525,Not Recommended,234080,22806854,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Thoradil,Nope with that camera assists and simple gameplay ....just don't check out Castlevania 2 maybe :S
76561198006639211,Not Recommended,234080,13408882,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Waikiki,"Warning:This could have been an excellent game if you like God of War like action adventures. I really loved the graphics, the gameplay and the overall atmosphere.But oh god, this is a f!?%§$? bad, annoying console port.  I get slightly agitated everytime I am told to press X,B,Y or whatever consolebutton I do not have on my keyboard. Sure you can remap buttons, but some explanations are so sloppy and simply lack the descriptions what buttons are needed to move something or switch between objects.The jump-parts can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥too with a keyboard. The damn fu§$?!"" circle movements (Stone giant anyone, or the eggs who need to be thrown back?) are so upsetting i stopped to play the game the first time i had to do it over and over and over and over again, just until I figured out in what pace you need to w,a,s,d,w.The additional chapters for the ultimate edition are a sad joke. The jumping passages need to be memorized for you to be able to complete them and the final boss fight is so bloody ♥♥♥♥ING annoying it motivated me to write this warning review.I can not say I didn't enjoy the game for most of the time, but it leaves such a sour taste  I wouldn't play it again if I knew what was coming for me. It's like Dark Souls 1 without the dsfix.Better check out the new dmc, that's a pc-port done right."
,Not Recommended,234080,13905547,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,RpTheHotrod,"Probably one of the biggest jokes I've seen for a PC purchase. First, if you play on the PC, don't bother. The controls are terrible. For example, you move with WSAD but you jump with K. No joke. There doesn't seem to be a way to rebind either. However, if you happen to have a controller, then you'll have an easier time. The problem though is that it takes about 2-3 seconds for your controller's action to actually carry over into the game. Want to move right? You hit on the right direction, and 2-3 seconds later it actually happens in game.Absolutely avoid this game like the plague if you're on PC. I'm not sure if the input lag also exists on consoles."
,Not Recommended,234080,12281839,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,the_covey,"I had serious high hopes for this game, given how much of a fan I've been of the castlevania series. They've generally had a perfect blend of skill, action and adventure elements. This game, however, completely tosses any semblence of balance out of the window in favour of going all-out action. Whcih isn't a bad thing as long as you get the action part down right. Which they didn't.The enemies are solely designed to be annoying little obstacles (And annoying they can be) in your path and the bosses are designed purely to frustrate. The witch in the tower and her little bird minions has got to be the single most infuriating section of gaming I've ever played. Little niggles like this don't make games fun to play, they make them annoying! Generally the only way you'll get hurt is through your combos and given the heavy emphasis the combat style places on them it bascially re-inforces a major flaw in the game and rams it down your throat every single battle.One of the things this game runs heavily for too is a sense of epic scale; huge bosses, vast worlds and the like. Unfortunately you won't be seeing any of them thanks to the camera angles which seem placed in such a way so as to obscure as much as possible of what it is you're focused on.So much of this game could have been brilliant and with it's pedigree it was a game that was actually harder to screw up than to get right. But they managed it. And then some. It's rare for a game to make me, not only rage-quit it but to rage-uninstall the damn thing.If your absolutely hell-bent on punishing yourself (or another) than please wait until a steam sale and pick this crap up for less than pocket change, other than that, I can't recommend you avoid this derivative, flashy, hollow trash enough......"
76561198035565190,Not Recommended,234080,12289167,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ramppaaja,"The only really interesting thing about this game is the art design. The story is bland and unoriginal, except for a few interesting concepts, which despite beign rather promising, are newer truly given a real look at during the story. Most of the personalities of the characters feel like they were added into the game at the very last minute.The gameplay is ""ok"" in and of it itself, just rather unoriginal and repetitive. The thing that ruins the gameplay for me though, is the cinematic camera. All of the camera angles are design to be good looking, rather than to provide the best possible point of view for gameplay. The problem with this is that very often enemies will be off screen, where you can't see them, and then suddenly attack at you, without giving the player a proper chance to react. Also a lot of the enemies often sorta gang up on you, and will just knock you to the ground and hit you again, before you can get up and do anything. Stuff like this just makes the game feel tedious and cheap.As I mentioned in the beginnig, the art design is really good and the game looks beatifull in a lot of scenes, but in my opinnion, no amount of pleasing aesthetics can salvage  badly designed gameplay.Also inorder to look at the concept art for the game, you have to collect experience points to buy them. This is acceptable in itself, but if you buy the art once it doesn't seem to stay accessable, meaning that you are going to have to buy it again. I'm only mentioning this, because in my oppinion the art was the best part of the game, so why not just let me enjoy it without the hassle?Oh, I would also like to mention that this game makes a ""hilarious"" reference to the 'the cake is lie' meme, even though there is nothing in that specific scene that would be in any way related to cakes or portals. Just let that sink in..."
,Not Recommended,234080,23126609,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dontbemadcuzhe,"This is by all means a decent game. However I felt that this game was a disappointment to the Castlevania franchise. The storyline and combat are decent but nothing remarkable, and the level of satisfaction I get do not compensate for completely rebooting the franchise"
76561198064509389,Recommended,234080,22687425,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,GayAssPussyCat's owner,Best vampire game that isn't entirely about vampires but it does have a great and lore rich story with great God of War like combat and puzzles.One of the best Castlevania games out there if you don't mind no camera control.
,Recommended,234080,11578240,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Evil Dave,"Only one word for this amaaaaaaaazing game: EPIC!Its awasome in all: soundtrack, gameplay, creatures, atmosphere, history....I recomend this game 10/10"
76561197997719847,Not Recommended,234080,20857477,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ehanig,Any game that does not allow you to control camera angle is just a failure.  So many times the game just gets the camera wrong its rediculous.
,Not Recommended,234080,8613866,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Luke,"As much as I want to get through this game, and as much as I want to see all the environments and experience the large amount of content in here - its a pretty long game - being an action/adventure fan would want to do, Lords of Shadow does not make me want to.  In fact, it puts the player off in almost every category.  The story is totally awful - Patrick Stewart does nothing to make you care about any of these poorly written characters, and the journey of Gabriel should have best been told with a ""less is more"" attitude.Unfortunately, this would mean that the gameplay could speak for itself, and that would work if it were a given that it was fun to play.  But it simply isn't.  The terrible camera that actively tries to hinder you, anything important or intentionally obfuscate any hidden suprises is one thing, but when it actually DENIES you access to see where you are or where you are going at times is pure frustration.  Yeah, by all means, hide that hidden room with the extra life gem inside.  But when I call your bluff, don't take vengeance on me for crying out loud.The combat seems floaty, imprecise and lathargic response(I hit the dodge button you fool!), the hits lack any sort of weight, the combat flows unnecessarily slowly as you have to whack the same enemies over and over, and it has the audacity to force silly quick time events that have aged the worst of any mechanic in gaming short of the load screen.    While the experience gain and move upgrades are novel none of it really improves your killing prowess, and sometimes opening up the amount of combos you can perform for no other reason that flash is a poor motivator.The world is broken up into chapters and levels that need to be re-played with future powers to be fully exploited.  While this isn't entirely unwanted, the act of playing them is in no way enjoyable, which could be forgiven if there were a better exploration element to the game.  There have been Action Adventure games that have already solved a lot of these problems, and one only needs look at Darksiders for hugely improved upgrade systems, dungeons, a much more interesting unbroken and seamless world to explore, more interesting enemies, and much more satisfying combat.You could say Lords of Shadow is a game that does it all - and while that may be true, all the things it does fall flat and are without soul.  Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,234080,12371464,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,jsabsd,"I really want to give this game a yes. The Castlevania series has always been beautiful, but there is always heavy element of frustration. This game suffers greatly from QTE interactions requiring smooth 360 degree rotations of a joystick. This is a PC port... no one has a ♥♥♥♥ing joystick. Code these out already.If you do have a joystick, enjoy!"
76561198020820051,Recommended,234080,8493048,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wolcorr,"Graphics... Great! Gameplay... Great! Difficulty... Perfect! This is one of those games I can recommend to anyone hungering action, storyline and enless amounts of devastating combos to obliterate any of the huge range of monsters that cross your path.:)"
,Not Recommended,234080,9095821,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cliff,"As a huge C-vania fan, I had to purchase. I will beat it one day, as I do with most of this franchise. The boss fights are the weakest point, and not much else to say about the game. It has a lot of good things going for it, sure. But, it's too linear. I want to hack and slash bosses to death; not climb up them! All I can really hope, is that LoS2 is way better. I have to buy that one too.  5.6/10"
76561197998048996,Not Recommended,234080,8613008,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wind,"Beutifull visuals, good story and music aside this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The keyboard controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - the commands queue up, the keyboard is basically not usable for any serious fighting. Unless you have a jedi sense of the future or know the timings and sequences of all enemies by hart. The joystic controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - it only supports Xbox controller, so for anything else you must use emulator like x360ce. The combat logic is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - many big enemies have a ground hitting area attack that for some reason produces a health damaging shockwawe. I often found myself boxed in some small area with a ground hitter, and the combat was 50% avoid the shockwave, 30% avoid other heavy attacks and 10% do something usefull. The boss fights are irritating - you must constanly climb something and guess which key should be pressed to jump onto the next part of the boss or from where should you jump to reach it. All while the boss swats you down just to start the whole boring climb sequence anew. Add to that a forced perspective that often leaves you guessing where are you actually running or what wall or stone you are stuck at and boss fights become really anoying. Generally this game is an exercise in irritation - you see beutifull environments, great music, interesting story and you want to see what is next but the annoying combat mechanics just will not allow you to. Unless you are ready to invest a heap of time memorising boss climb sequences and timings of enemy attack algorithms."
,Not Recommended,234080,8587374,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HellKnight_Hicks,"Was hoping for something more fun to play.  One well known reviewer said"" The revamp of the series long needed""I feel its not a revamp as much as it is a clone or smorgous borg of newer games...  Imagin a crappy god of war mixed with mediocer story thats hard to follow.I find the game hard to get into.  And im wishing I was playing Dark Souls instead... Because its what castlevania should have been."
,Not Recommended,234080,8507613,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Thogin[GZ],"The only thing I can say about this game is that it is pretty.  The storyline seems like it was put together on a drunk night and weed was involed.  The diaglog makes no sense and every cliche was used.  You never really get stronger, but everything else does.  The game tries to slow you down with meaningless puzzles and deaths.  Why is there so much jumping when you can't control the point of view.  There is no minimap not that you need one the stages are so short it is funny.  If you are going to play a Castlevania game: play the DS ones because this one shouldn't be consider a castlevania game.  It should be consider we use the weapon from castlevania and we are gonna to call it that.  This game is a great lesson for future game designers on what to not do, so I guess that is a plus.Please do not play this game for fun... play it as a study in bad video game design."
,Recommended,234080,22703794,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,king krule,"It's a pretty basic God of War type dungeon crawler but ♥♥♥♥ it, it's a fun game."
,Not Recommended,234080,16737107,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,3.1415926535...,"I don't know why this game has become so popular, maybe the reason is because it comes from a spanish studio and here in Spain it makes us proud of that, but the truth is that it doesn't deserve being so highly rated. Don't get me wrong, it is not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, but neither a great one.Things like invisible walls, no control of the camera at all and big difference between characters' modelings make this game a ""could be but is not"". In my opinion, DmC is much better than this one... I haven't finished this CLoS yet, so maybe I change my mind in the future, but for the moment I am not going to recommend it."
,Recommended,234080,7801633,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Renzokucant,"If you like God of War, and you like Shadow of Colossus, then you'll like this. Beautiful game, epic music, and gameplay stolen from the best of the best lol."
,Recommended,234080,8449115,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fantasmic,"One of the best games of the Saga, Perfect for ppl who hasn't play the other game of the Series..."
76561198021088711,Recommended,234080,22745170,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Special_Ed,"Ok, I have been gaming everyday, since the release of the first NES Like 30 years ago. AND THIS IS BY FAR THE HARDEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!! ♥♥♥♥ING RIDICULOUS!  Anyway once my rage subsides, I'll be back at it. Grrrr!!!"
,Recommended,234080,9396859,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,The Moody Welshman,"This game sucks...your blood.Good graphics, fantastic gameplay, nice puzzles, incredible voice acting, gripping (and sometimes heartbreaking) storyline.The ONLY criticisms I have are the lack of camera control which made some points more difficult than they needed to be, and secondly the movement controls on a keyboard made the 2nd titan boss very very VERY frustrating (you have to catch an obsticle and throw it back by spinning 360 degrees, with an anolog stick it's very easy...WASD, however, took me several days to THROW A ROCK because I kept getting frustrated and in need of rest).I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this game, it has some brilliant adaptations of old horror tale monsters and its negative points are so overshadowed by how brilliant the game is overall that you'll probably not even notice them (aside from the ""Throwing A Rock"" bit).I recommend the game, but WITH a gamepad.8/10, incredibly brilliant game with only very minor flaws. If you choose not to get a gamepad, the 2nd titan boss will be the only bit you will think ""Impossible!"", just stick at it and remember it's WASDW in that order, don't give up!"
76561198110299292,Not Recommended,234080,8538045,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,traustij91t,Versti leikur EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEErrrrrrrRRRRRRRRRRR
,Not Recommended,234080,11295153,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,lemiarty,"Useable controls on PC would be nice, not interested in going out and buying a controller and I find the controls not very friendly."
,Recommended,234080,13966903,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Relic,"Jogo 10/10DLC 3/10Pior design de chefe final de DLC que eu ja vi em toda a minha vida, nao se encaixa nem um pouco nas mecanicas do jogo e se eu quisesse ver slide show no final do jogo eu ia no Google Imagens FILHO DA♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052698989,Recommended,234080,15817727,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Hussain,Its Castlevania....What else need to be said?!
76561198035332447,Recommended,234080,22659310,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,geogyf,"Awesome game with gameplay like Devil May Cry/God of War games.Superb voice acting, awe-inspiring environments & boss fights, excellent combat flow & immersive lore (via the journal).Oh yeah and the music is top-notch. Just listen the ""Waterfalls of Agharta"".What more to ask?"
76561198101954436,Recommended,234080,22683735,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,NinjaPuppy,"After playing Lamment of Innocence on the PS2 back in the say, this game has really shaped that entire era to a whole new level of hack and slash of Castlevania. Judging by the trailer I given this game the benefit of a doubt to impress me and....it did! Just everything about this game was just spot on for both the graphics, characters, and the story altogether.The narrator, Patrick Stewart, is simply one of the best to choose this role and being the character who helps Gabrielle Belmont on his question to conquor the Lords of Shadow to bring his wife back from the dead from Earth to Hell itself. Let's talk about this for a minute....From what we know of the series, if you ever followed the past games, that Castlevania entirely means that you approach the castle to defeat the same boss as always name Count Dracula. But this time there is just ""a castle"" and the rest is land with one trail to go to (so thankfully no open world) from start to finish. Instead of defeating Count Dracula you have a new arch-enemy to defeat, the almighty skin of evil himself, Satan. Yes, Satan himself is who you have to defeat. Before that you must defeat the Lords of Shadow in order to get to him and retreive something to bring Gabrielle's love back to life.Besides the story the gameplay and graphics really stand out in Konami standards making everything look far more realistic and blending in what the characters represent. Smooth controls for a hack and slash game, fun puzzles, and just seeing the beauty of the scenery is just simply to die for. From being more nature as it gradually becomes grimmer the more you lurk to the later stages  which is both nostalgia and new at the same time. And instead of equipping a whole bunch of equipment like you do in the previous Castlevania games you get enhancements that utilizes throughout the entire game for a better strategy. Just amazing!I highly recommend getting this game, I love it while playing on the Xbox 360 and would give another go on Steam!"
76561198021700726,Recommended,234080,22669245,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CallMeRibs,"The art direction, voice-over work, story, animation, and overall aesthetic are among the best I've ever seen in a game.  The visuals hold up well because of the art direction.  One of the few games I thoroughly enjoyed going back and playing again.  Pick it up and play it!"
76561198256540352,Recommended,234080,22711067,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,swagrid722,"one of my favourite games of all time. the art direction and the level design are a wonder to behold. the game has a atmosphere of oppressive magic and dark fairytale adventure. and if that wasnt enough, its only got patrick bloody stewart in it. buy it, buy it now. when you see pans tree house you will understand. also the babba yagga level is cool"
76561198006392678,Recommended,234080,22712853,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Plissken,Patrick Stewart!!! Such great narration.
76561197999914689,Recommended,234080,22756801,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mark Rushow,Taking the God of War combat system and applying it here does wonders. The game is a reimagening. I always loved the idea of Castlevania but the games usually didn't pan out as something I wanted to play. I really like the story here and the gameplay. The lower graphics aren't so nocitable as the art style and representation are done so well. It looks more more graphically capable than it really is and that is impressive. I held off on playing this game when it first came out until I got bored one day and decided to play the demo. I immediatly fell in love and new I had to have it. I  went online and purchased it while I axciosly awaited it and and it was so worth it. It was only too bad it had been released for a few years before I could get the hype and word out to everyone I know to enjoy. Satisfying from beginning to end it only begged for a sequal. To which we were to finally get some time later with Mirror of Fate as a prequel and also LoS 2 the actual sequel.
,Recommended,234080,22653348,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Mikail Yazzy,"Cream of the crop action game, fixed camera is a plus in many cases, so don't be put off by it too much.Easy to play, easy to remember all the tools and combos you need to interact with the sweet enemy types.This is Castlevania 1 & 3 in 3D, I could not ask for more.One of my fav games ever!!!"
,Recommended,234080,19988662,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"Highly optimised, looks awesome, solid 60fps on average spec pc's and looks better then some AAA games today even though it's a little bit old. Good hack and slash gameplay, decent story. Nice bossfights.Stupid cinematic camera killed me more times then i could count.QTE's out the butt8/10"
76561198042977145,Recommended,234080,22649607,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Neraans Crimson,I absoloutly love this game so much XD. I highly recommend it to others seriously xxxxx
,Not Recommended,234080,8586511,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Aesir,"I'm not terribly far into this game, and while certain aspects of the scenery and sound are exeptional, the gameplay, even with a controller, which I purchased specifically to enjoy this title in a well beloved series, is proving to be both tedious and frustrating.  At the moment, I would best describe the gameplay as a combination of linear railroading and pixel-♥♥♥♥♥ing.  The game feels the obligation to prompt the player with tips and instructions frequently, such as pressing or holding the right trigger button to activate what I would call ""interactive story element manipulation"", and then leaves you hanging in almost, but not all, situations without either informing you what to do once you've hit or held the right trigger, or even so much as telling you there is something else you are supposed to be doing. If this was consistent, it may not have been an issue.  It could be assumed that such an action was the execution of a new element of interaction or gameplay.  Unfortunately, this is not the case.  Just often enough to make sure that you have hopes of it each time, the game will give you another instruction on how to proceed.  This leaves you waiting each time there is a new form of interaction for an instruction just long enough that in each of the 85% of cases where there is no further instruction coming to punish you severely for your inaction.If there was  a return policy on steam for games with limited time committed to them, then I would return it this moment, but as such is not the case, I am still not sure that I will continue playing this game in the future.  A shame, for a series with such a great pedagree and an amazing voice cast to leave me disappointed and frustrated after playing."
,Recommended,234080,12242377,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Reaper,"i finished this game on PS3, and thought to try the PC port.1.graphics are amazing!2.gampley is at constant 60+ fps - 1080p+ resolutions.3.hack and slash/puzzles all the way from start to end.4.good soundtrack and narrating.5.story is good,but not that good.i give it 8/10warning: PC port hates multi GPUs (SLI , CROSSFIRE) if u want to enjoy it without bugs/flickering/glitches/and weird stuff on screen, you need to turn off SLI/CROSSFIRE and play on single GPU."
,Not Recommended,234080,8237261,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DrQwertySilence,"This isn't a Castlevania game.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAs I long time fan of the Castlevania series, I was exstatic to see it come to PC! However, much to my disappointment I found this game lacking and I would not recommend it. Stubbornly, I finished the game.The good? Great voice acting, extremely beautiful environments, good music, and a fair story.The bad? Well, everything else. My number one gripe is the fixed camera. As you navigate through the levels, the camera arbitarily positions itself. You have no control over it whatsoever. As a result exploring the levels, or pitching the camera to get an ideal vantage point for battle or movement is completely prohibited. The game almost feels like 2.5D.There is none of the exploration or freedom you feel in games like Symphony of the Night. Levels are extremely linear. They are no alternate routes, like Dishonored, and there are ton of invisible walls.Combat is a mixed bag. I used my Xbox 360 controller, which I don't mind at all. Sometimes combat is fun, but there's a lot to control towards the middle-end game. Double tap an analog controller to sprint?!? Crazy bad game design there.There's also a ton of quick time events, a la the action is paused and you have to hit a button at a precious moment. Really takes you out of the action.I guess I was hoping for something between Dark Souls and Darksiders, but this game was far too restrictive in the controls for my tastes. I'd rate it a 5/10, and highly suggest people try the demo before buying!"
,Recommended,234080,7875013,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,inCarnate,This game is awesome!  Very fun!
76561198012833532,Recommended,234080,33277986,Posted: 5 July,all,Awesomo 2000,"Uncompromising action adventure with awesome boss fights that will make you wonder, what other monstrosity waits for me at the end of next level? And thus makes you keep playing until you send to hell the last demon. Since I havent played any other Castlevania games, I cant say anything if it is true to the original, but the ending seems kinda forced. Doesnt matter, still massacred everyone."
,Not Recommended,234080,13205782,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,om3g4_z3r0,"INVISIBLE WALLS EVERYWHEREQTEsmost boring boss fights E V E RRT to grab on randomly releases youHorrible Camera, no camera controlautomatic jumps, automatic grabs ,automatic lots of thingsits a game that plays the player 3/10if you like god of war you will probably like thisat least the soundtrack is good and the graphics too, nice voice acting too ... the story is a little boring but its okrip old castlevania daysyou will be missed"
,Recommended,234080,16198688,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,THEGOURMET,"Perfect art direction, great acting (especially Gabriel/Carlyle), perfect music, perfect level design, and perfect gameplay. DLC is weak. The best Castlevania title since Symphony and without a doubt one of the best titles I've played in my life."
,Recommended,234080,22928853,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CesarMega,Yo lo recomendaria es buen juego y todo nunca va a sobrepasar a sus antecesores pero bueno buen reinicio de la saga mas epicas y legendarias como lo es castlevaniapros1. tiene al menos la esencia de un castlevania2. buenas graficas3. enemigos y boses pero en especial el olvidado ese enemigo lo recomiendocontras1. el soundtrack de el juego es muy pobre se repiten mucho las canciones a pesar q es un castlevania no tiene canciones epicas
76561198023717593,Not Recommended,234080,19373028,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Maverath,it is the first time ever that I think that I will not be able to finish a game... this game is not fun... it is just repetitive and shity...
76561197984876830,Recommended,234080,9916261,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Tufel,Serious RPG for serious RPG'ers
76561198060344653,Not Recommended,234080,9913522,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,leonjuanluis,terrible port
76561197970552973,Recommended,234080,8431929,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,angrymelon,"This is an excellent example of a proper video game. Superb combat, loads of combos and abilities, including magic and items. The level design is unique and outstanding, music is wonderful and appropriate, voice acting good and the story is fantastic. This game has a ton of variety in it's gameplay, from puzzles, platforming jumping to epic boss fights. The only complaint I have is the camera can be a bit wonky from time to time. If you're a fan of fun, well paced video games that have a compelling story, this is for you!"
,Not Recommended,234080,9436947,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,{SCG} Draxyl,"Let me get this out of the way right now. If you have a 360/PS3/Wii U you're better off buying Bayonetta (2 when its released). It and any game made by Clover Studio/Platinum Games is astronomically better than this.------------------------""It's like if Konami made a Platinum Games game"" is what my friend told and sold me on this. And hoooboy is it a doozy. Sadly, not in a good way. I want to like this game, I really do. But with all the bad choices they made I'm honestly suprised it got a sequel.Story: 6/10You are Gabriel Belmont. Starting point for the♥♥♥♥♥♥hitting the fan with the Belmont family. Demons killed your wife and you set of on a quest to kill the Lords of Shadow to revive your dead waifu. That silly decision pits you against demons, werewolves, vampires, zombies, and Satan himself. Along the way you are aided by Sir Patrick Stewart that narrates your adventure and makes it more awesome than it should be tenfold. (Side note: we need more Patrick Stewart and/or Morgan Freeman in games. Who's with me? :D) After totally not stealing 3 bosses from Shadow of the Collosus and big baddies from Lord of the Rings; it turns out Patrick Stewart was one of the Lords of Shadow that you set out to kill. He kills you. But that's OK. The last thing you heard was Patrick Stewart talking his monologue out loud. Satan then reveals that was his ploy all along and kills Patrick Stewart. You are revived by your waifu and take revenge for Patrick Stewarts voice by beating Satan's smokey♥♥♥♥♥around the yard. Years pass? and you are called to the vampires' castle. Turns out ya dun goofed. The Lords of Shadow were the only things between the world and the♥♥♥♥♥♥train held prisoner down in another realm. To get to that realm, you willingly turn yourself into a vampire and head out to the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t final boss fight I have ever had the displeasure to take part in. You rise victorious as the one. The only. Batman!...errr....Dracula.Graphics: 8/10-Environment Designs 5/10I felt the need to seperate these two cause while the technical aspect of the graphics are impressive for a game that was originally released in 2010 (Oh lawdy dem god rays QuQ) the environment design is borderline terrible. I felt like they made the environments first, then remembered that they were making a game that needed direction. Up went the invisible walls everywhere except in places that needed it.Gameplay: 4.5/10And here we are at the most important part of any game; the gameplay.Short version: it's passable.Long verion:#1. And pose for the cam!Can we please make it a rule that if your game is in a 3D engine that isn't locked at an isometric viewpoint, the right anolog/mouse movement is for the camera? It's what it was made for, damn it. I had countless times where I was either attacking something off-screen or get clotheslined by an enemy the camera didn't want to let me see. It was more focused on showing me the pretty skybox and architecture.#2. Let us fight man versus tiny baby man.This is it's strong suit. Granted it's not that strong, but it's the best its' got. X and Y are you direct and area attacks, sting them together for different attacks. You know the drill if you've played any of the mentioned games. BUT! What it does have is a really cool mechanic in the Light and Shadow magic. Light heals you with ever attack landed and shadow makes you hit like a brick wall. Woo for rewarding players that learn the system!#3. EVASIVE MANEUVERS!This is where it falls apart. Rather than have a dedicated dodge trigger, they have the dodge and parry on the same button. I have found no use for the parry other than one time in the final boss battle that requires you to parry an attack. I swear the dodge only works when it feels like you appreciate it enough. No air dodge. No, I'm serious. They have rising moves yet no way to get out if things get hairy.#4. Mr.Bones says: ""You're here forever!""Do not come into this thinking it'll be an ~10 hour romp of cuhrayzee vampire killing. This game never ends. Getting close to 20 hours in an I JUST got to the final section of the last chapter. Knowing when to stop is something this game doesn't know.#5. Platforming! CURSES! My one weakness!I know that with the old games you were married to you jump arc, but this is rediculous. You control as gracefully as a whale, you slide as much as Luigi when landing, and when you get the double jump you're essentially shot out of a cannon skywards with an elephant attached to your ankles. In other words: IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥♥#6. I AM BULLETPROOF!!Enemies rarely get any hitstun. I can understand medium/large-boss enemies, but really? When I'm wailing on something, I don't expect it to smack me out of a combo. The other 10 things in the room, yes. The target for pain, no.#7. One more thing!This game has some of the most padding I have ever seen. Almost every chapter has a simple ""go from point A to B"" aspect. BUT. When you get to B you either need to to go back towards A to get side tracked with a fetch quest to get 3 of something. It's always 3 of something. Adding a good 10-20 minutes to the time running around.Final verdict: 6/10Somewhat Guilty. Court adjourned."
76561198045133849,Recommended,234080,8813172,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAMEDon't listen to the haters.
,Not Recommended,234080,9487654,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Mr. T,"Terrible game. From the looks of it, I expected a Castlevania with features from games lie DMC and GoW. I got that, but then I found that the controls and the fixed camera were terrible. Not to mention the slight stretcching from the screen that appears if you reach any of the edges of the screen. Got to the second world and then decided to uninstall it. I just couldn't make myself go through more of it."
,Recommended,234080,8994630,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,MichaelHeuvel,"Reinventing the Castlevania franchice is not an easy job and not many 2D games can make the transfer to 3D. Well this is still Castlevania as you know it, just bigger, better and more beautiful. Great story and enjoyable combat system. The game clocks in at around 18 hours DLC's included. Great open ending that makes you want to play Lords of Shadow 2 right now! Definitely recommend playing this game!"
76561198018050052,Recommended,234080,9034983,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DIABLO 912,one of the best game ever....super
,Not Recommended,234080,9334339,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Tropic,"Maybe it's because this game is old and just doesn't stand the test of time, but when all my friends threw a fit about me having never played this game I figured it must be pretty good. The visuals are great for its age, but the gameplay is absolutely terrible. The camera is probably the most obnoxious thing about it, however, the controls aren't far behind. Dodging is next to useless, there doesn't seem to be any target locking and the auto aim is pitiful at best. If you played this awhile back and have that nostalgia bug, then I guess this is worth your money. If you haven't played it yet? You missed your shot. Save yourself the frustration."
76561198017359356,Not Recommended,234080,13368807,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Br0s.Tetten,"Graphics and overall gameplay is ok.Although I've enjoyed castlevania on consoles in the past.This version is just a rip off, clearly not optimised for pc gaming.Feels like I should play this game with a console controller.Would not buy again/10"
,Not Recommended,234080,14247486,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,clint,"I'm too old  for games like that.Boring. It lacks  flow. Whenever you wish to play you are interrupted by some meaningless cut-scene about 60 seconds later. The fixed camera gives it a feel of an old fashioned jump and run, but the annoyingly complicated combat system spoils the fun these titles used to be.I do regret buying it."
,Recommended,234080,20719208,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dionysus,God of War with fangs.
76561198066518132,Not Recommended,234080,20476477,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bentedge27,"Sh/tty port to PC, need controller, waste of money, would return if possible. K/M controls are unusable, unstable and unresponsive."
,Recommended,234080,8757767,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zeke,"Disclaimer: Even though it says I haven't finished the game (I don't have the 'Beat the game on Hard' achievement), I I technically have beat it. The achievement carries over through the DLC, which is a problem you'll see in a second. I'm going to break this review down into story, gameplay, art/graphics, and DLC. Let's get started.The story is average, nothing as bad as Metal Gear Rising. The dialog isn't like listening to a dying child. This is more obvious later on in the game because there's M. Night Shyamalan twist at the VERY end for the ending boss and it is terrible. It literally throws a twist that isn't even neccessary at the player that only complicate the story. Yeah, don't expect a masterpiece.The gameplay is pretty okay. There's a dodge system and block system. The enemies are varied and fun to kill. The puzzles are actually PUZZLES, something that many games forget to do. Plus, the bosses are really good. It's your standard hack 'n' slash game with puzzles. BUT!!! There's a fixed camera. This is probably the biggest issue with the game because I've had a few situations where i was attacked by something that was off camera. Not TOO much though, but keep reading.WHen it comes to the art and level design, this game gets a A+. Everything about the world is amazing to the eyes and every enemy looks like care and time was put into it. Hell, the necromancer area looks like a Zdzislaw Beksinski painting! But alas... Here comes the big dissapointment.Sort of like Metal Gear Rising, if you just beat the game you try out the DLC. Now, since this is the PC version, there was no wait between the DLC and the actual game, so you jump right in and discover it is horrifyingly bad. The two DLCs that come with Lords of Shadow aren't even worth buying because they end as they start. Sorry, I mean the first ends as it starts because the second DLC is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible. It throws a group of enemies at you that are frustratingly difficult to fight because the game didn't give you any healing items or relic power. Remember that fixed camera angle? The issue is ten fold for the second DLC. And when you finally beat them, you fight a boss that is too difficult for this game. The controls jsut don't cut it.All in all this game is a good $20 game, if you don't bother with the DLC. I finished it on hard."
,Recommended,234080,15571488,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"It's a fun hack and slash game with pretty good graphics for the time. If you've played games from this series, it's defintely worth playing."
,Recommended,234080,9284068,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tsukasa117,"Starting off I have never played a Castlevania title before Lords of Shadow, I know 'blasphemy'. But that being said I believe that give me a unique perspective on this particular title. To start off I greatly enjoyed the title espaecially having played it already on the 360 and then playing it on the PC I can really see the difference in visuals and frame rates. Now I do have one gripe and that even with a computer that should destroy this game the not ingame cinematics did have a odd jagginess to them, this could of been because of resolution scalling differences between the console tv resolutions and the PC monitor but im not sure. Aside from that it had a very good story with alot of well designed monster with unique abilities to each archtype. Music and sound assets were very well done especially the orchestral overtones throughout the enviroment. Combat it designed well though I couldn't help but feel that some fo the later creatures were designed to be less inventive and more or a irritant this was especially true in the DLC. The puzzles were another sticking point, were well done and not too close together in the maing story but in the first DLC they were almost back to back but I suppose that was to make it last longer them the true length of the content was. Overall I recommend anyone who is or is not a Castlevania fan to give this a play for a game of this type it is very lengthy about 12-15 hours if you take the time to find the collectables which I recommend as it makes your ability to survive easier."
,Not Recommended,234080,24982936,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,felipe,"LoS is a bad game? No, but it's a terrible Castlevania.The game follows in the footsteps of GoW shamelessly either in the attacks, submissions, time event. Too bad it did not follow the battle system too, which is not terrible just boring and tiring. The biggest problem is the Americanization too much of Castlevania, who is a fan of the original series is hard to feel playing a Castlevania.Pos- Game picture is too beautiful- Very well-crafted scenarios- Plot, starts a little slow, but engages much in the end- The prologue- Characters, excluding the protagonistNeg- Battle system- Camera system, right jump times- Controls, are not at all bad, but added the cameras and battle system does not flow well- Protagonist, think of all Kratos' rage and replace with depression, have ready Gabriel (or as Games draw myrtle groaning)- Track, not enough to be bad, but not far is reminiscent of CastlevaniaLoS é um jogo ruim? Não, mas é um terrivel Castlevania.O jogo segue os passos de GoW descaradamente, seja nos ataques, finalizaçoes, evento de tempo. Pena que não seguiu o sistema de batalhas também, que não é terrivel é só chato e cansativo. O maior problema é a americanização demasiada do Castlevania, para quem é fã da serie original fica dificil de se sentir jogando um Castlevania.Pos- fotografia do jogo é linda demais- cenarios muito bem trabalhados- enredo, começa meio devagar, mas engrena muito no final- o prologo- personagens, excluindo o protagonistaNeg- sistema de batalhas- sistema de cameras, pular certo as vezes- controles, não são de todo mal, mas somados as cameras e sistema de batalha não flui bem- protagonista, pensa em toda raiva de Kratos e troque por depressão, pronto temos Gabriel (ou como jogos de chamar a murta que geme)- trilha, não chega a ser ruim, mas nem longe faz lembrar castlevania"
76561198053918582,Recommended,234080,8578066,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ryo_83,"Gorgeous scenery, good game play and an amazing retelling of the Castlevania story. I give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,234080,9043221,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,BlackRainbow,"***UPDATE****I actually completed the game now and I decided to update my review.Although I still think my previous review was a fair assessment of the game, I somewhat changed my overall opinion about it...I still feel the beginning is an uninteresting drag, and all the problems I have mentioned are still there until the end of the game.I think that the biggest mistake you can make when starting the game is thinking that you're going to play a metroidvania, because it really isn't. Once you let go of that idea, you can start appreciating it for what it is: a beautifully crafted corridor beat 'em up with an interesting story and setting.Oh and, I played a lot of games with puzzles and Lords of Shadow has some very creative ones (I especially liked the music box).It's a shoddy Castlevania, but it's a rather nice game.-----ORIGINAL REVIEW-----General info about me: my favorite Castlevania is Aria of Sorrow and I'm very familiar with so-called spectacle fighters.Disclaimer: I'm not too far into the game and I might change my opinion if I ever decide to go back to it, since, right now, I have no desire of playing this again.The best thing about the game is the world itself. Years ago I grew tired of fantasy games and movies as they're basically devoid of any real imagination (oh look! Elves!) and in Lords of Shadow the bestiairy and the lore don't seem really that influenced by Tolkien-ish drivel. That, to me, is a huge plus.The level design is basically a really pretty unending corridor (awful invisible walls) with a few arenas and some ledge-grabbing tomb raider-esque nonsense. Don't get me wrong, I love exploration in a game (and the occasional ledge-grabbing), but here, because of its linearity, it isn't enjoyable.I have to say I don't have problems with linear games as they are better suited to tell a story, but there's a difference between linearity and what this game does. The sensation you're stuck in a corridor is accentuated by the fact that you have no control over the camera. With a better camera, the same exact game would have seemed a lot different, more open.Also, these design decision don't make sense in a Castlevania. The defining caracteristic of a metroidvania is to have a somewhat open world with inaccessible parts that can be unlocked by getting new skills or tools/weapons.One example is that some ledges are too high for you to jump on, and once you get the double jump you can explore all these areas you had to skip. This works really really well for a 2D Castlevania with a map.The problem is that in this game you don't have an open world, it's just a string of levels. So, unless you replay the level (from start to finish!) you won't come across the same obstacle multiple times... what's the problem with that? Well, once you get the skill that allows you to overcome said obstacle you probably won't remember where it was or even that there was an obstacle to being with (although there's some kind of log that is supposed to help you).The odd thing is also that whenever you replay a level, you've also to go through the different cutscenes, as if you were travelling in time instead of revisiting the region.This, to me, is the biggest fault this game has.It's as if for it to be a Castlevania game they had to add mechanics that people expect in a Castlevania, but didn't know what to do with them.Regarding the second most important aspect of the game, combat, I think it's okay and rather liked the two types of energy you can collect as it added a rather nice tactical element to the fights.The main problem I have with it is the parry mechanic. It feels wonky and imprecise and sometimes enemies hit you for no reason (note: I usually play these games on maximum difficulty). Every single other game with a similar fighting style do it better than Lords of Shadow: Batman Arkham series, DmC, Deadpool, etc. and even triple Z games like Conan on the Xbox 360... But it also might be that I just don't get it. So take this with a grain of salt.Regarding the quality of the PC port: it's good except for the awfully compressed video. I haven't tried playing with a keyboard, though."
,Recommended,234080,11178858,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Zaptagious,"Solid action game with fun engaging gameplay and even though its sheer length (it took me a whopping 26 hours to beat excluding DLC, but I can be very thorough) it never really gets boring, just tedious and unforgiving. Trial and error is key here. It's a classic hack and slash type of gameplay with a plethora of unlockable skills, maybe a bit too much if you ask me. The game has a fixed camera, which doesn't work too well with some combat scenarios and especially platforming, which there is a lot of. You'll find yourself confused and annoyed by invisible walls and sudden changes of the camera placements, messing up your momentum and sense of direction at crucial moments. The game has a fair use of quick time events as well, but even though you'll run into them frequently, they don't feel over the top.Like previously said there is a LOT of different skills to employ, but you can get through the game with pretty much only the standard attacks, some of the combo skills feel like they are too clunky to be worth the effort to pull off in order to look more cool. Some skills are required to reach certain collectibles which opens up for a lot of backtracking, which in turn can be very time consuming since you can't just get the collectible and then quit the level as far as I know, you have to complete the level again from beginning to end.The aesthetics in this game is simply gorgeous. There are some truly impressive vistas in this game and you'll be visiting a lot of different kinds of areas, ranging from swamps to castles to hellscapes. The menu is noteworthy as well, giving off the appearance as an open living book of sorts. Very nicely done.As for the story... Meh... You are Gabriel Belmot, the good guy, and your mission is to defeat some bad guys, because they are bad. The story is mostly delivered in the form of premission narration by none other than Patrick Stewart. But not even he can convincingly deliver the poorly written lines that at times can feel amateurish and cringe-worthy. Our hero doesn't really have a personality and rarely talks which makes it feel a bit disconnected. It would have been nice with some more fleshed out characters and more character integration as a whole.All in all, a good game well worth the money.7/10"
,Recommended,234080,9051317,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aendyr,.
,Recommended,234080,1923941,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Brigh Guy,One of the best third-person action games I own.
,Recommended,234080,9260543,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zaotron,"Short summary: It's a great game on Easy mode. Even then, it's very repetitive.+ Music is great- But the limited tracks loop over and over. (The most frequent loop is the ""you died"" track).+ Voice acting is phenomenal (especially Patrick Stewart).- But there's very little story development. Just a skeleton plot to create a backdrop.+ Fighting feels powerful.- But it's the same enemies over and over again. It gets worse if you're trying to fulfill a trial challenge.- Also a lot of reliance on quick time events, some of which don't make sense. (for example, you grab a goblin by the throat, but you can't hit him... no... not right away. You have to stare at it for 2 seconds, then punch him within a 1-second window immediately after that soul-searching stare or else he gets away.)+ Environment is beautiful.- But the CAMERA IS FIXED. A lot of collectibles are hidden by exploiting your blocked line of sight.- Worst UI choice: You have to press 3 buttons to reload if you die.> Press A or START on ""Restart from Checkpoint.""> Press Left: because the default is ""NO, I do not want to restart"".> Press A or START again to confirm that you're not giving up.I recommend the game, but only on Easy.Rating: 5/10"
76561198009737481,Not Recommended,234080,9037057,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Theylon Raypeters,"no controller set up in this game..if there were the game would be a great one at that ... a sort of ""castlevania god of war rpg"" type.... but being forced to use your keyboard and press combo elements that way with no camera control makes this game only playable for about 20 minutes or so (inculding cut scenes) and then you just want to stop playing.    My advice, get a controller and buy DMC instead...least taht is playable and enjoyable.   Its sad though, i REALLY wanted to like this game...i suppose if you could get past the control scheme...it would be worth the 8 bucks....but no more than that."
,Recommended,234080,12078243,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,The Silent Voice,"I love the vampire theme, and if you love it, this game is a must have. First very collorful but evey step you make it becomes more and more a game of darkness.The controlls are great, even for me they are useable xDGraphics are amazing and I was amazed this beautiful graphics worked on my laptop.Oh, and this is not a game for people who get in rage quickly, you need to have some patience to learn your ennemies weak points before breaking them.Buy this game for its storyline, theme, graphics and gameplay.A must have!"
76561197961416332,Not Recommended,234080,9322168,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,007Bistromath,"This is not a TERRIBLE game. But it is very important for people to know that it's Castlevania in name only. This isn't me complaining about things changing. It's 3D, of course it has to change somehow. The thing is, Metroid Prime proved that it's entirely possible to make a 3D Metroidvania, and THIS game proves that the dev team didn't care at all and just wanted to use the Castlevania license as an excuse to show off their hack writing and make something in the style of, but vastly inferior to, Devil May Cry. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO OPEN EXPLORATION IN THIS GAME. NONE. IT IS COMPLETELY LINEAR AND PATRICK STEWART IS WASTED ON GARBAGE WRITING.On top of that, it's full of painfully stupid QTEs. Some of these are pass-or-die events placed at the end of boss fights. If you like that, you are your own problem.Please don't buy this. I don't understand why enough people bought it for there to be a sequel. If it had any other name, it would be merely below average, but with ""Castlevania"" on it, it's a rank betrayal."
76561197981500210,Recommended,234080,8467387,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,GoCommando,"Set aside some time to play this game in one playthrough. It is not a game you can play, leave for a couple of months and come back to. There are tons of different combat combinations, and the ai is smart and challenging so coming back to play it after a while would probably be difficult. The story line is great, and even if the boss fights are tough, once you figure out the bosses moves and timing winning the fights is VERY rewarding, and not as hard as they seemed to be. Definetely worth playing  even more so if you take the time to learn the combat system."
,Recommended,234080,8546294,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,majorchainpain,"Well i just Finished the game and well, i Enjoyed the heck out of it although i knew the ending already seeing the Lords of shadow 2 trailer, but there was some major hints in the game as well. Who'd of thunk it. But yea if you like a hack and slash version of castlevania and an awesome ensemble of great voice actors i would say pick this game up. Boss fights are awesome and make me think of bayonetta at times. But all and all great game and worth the purchase."
,Recommended,234080,8755313,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,OburnE,One of the good games I played. I loved the puzzles. But playing it with a keybord was a little difficult.
,Recommended,234080,8567542,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Draco Umbra,Rating: 9 out of 10I love this game. The storyline holds true to the Castlevania franchise and keeps some of the gameplay ideas from the old-school NES to the newer version. The graphics are great and narrated by Sir Patrick Stewart doesn't hurt the title either. Bottom line: get the game and enjoy the experience.
76561198057954008,Recommended,234080,8468929,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,salorider,Beautifully done. Brillant story and enjoyable gameplay.
,Recommended,234080,8722769,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Rmmmike,HAVE AT YOU!
,Recommended,234080,8761833,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Clipper,"Has tons of flaws, but I still love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
,Recommended,234080,8474612,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sgt. James Byrd,"As a music person, the music of the game really stands out to me and strongly compliments the moods and themes of the game.  The storyline in this game is LONG, and takes some patience/time to get through it all (The more of one you have the less of the other you need).  If you like playing games that make the protagonist look like a badass and that make you feel like a badass while playing it there is that element to the game as well.  There are enough different enemies in the game that you won't get too bored of fighting them, but only tired of them toward the end of their involvement in the game.  Don't compare this too the previous Castlevania games as it is not a 2d sidescroller and really re-imagines the combat and looks of the world of Castlevania."
,Recommended,234080,8478602,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sussi,"Beautiful graphics, nice story. Interresting though a bit complicated, for me, fighting. Very fun so far.  A handcontroll would be easier than keaboard..."
76561198006181135,Recommended,234080,8573393,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jymmy,Cinematically beautiful with a great story-line.  Difficulty needs to be scaled in parts though.
76561198003420249,Recommended,234080,8614015,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Handy,"I had a lot of fun with this game. The story, atmosphere, voice acting are all very strong. Ironically, the thing to understand about this game (and it's probably the first thing you'll read if you look up reviews) is that it's not Metroidvania. It's an combo based action game with RPG elements and the ability to replay chapters with your current loadout of abilities to dig up minor upgrades. This was a great disappointment to me in reading it prior to my playthrough, but I have to say that after playing, I think that they have successfully rebooted the title and shifted genres. I do take issues with some of the design choices that were made, mainly that in 2010, someone made the decision to make a 3D game with a fixed, uncontrollable camera angle.The fixed camera angle in itself would have driven me not to play it at all if it wasn't for the brand appeal, but I don't know what to say... they made it not suck somehow. I would still opine that in LoS2, they really should change that decision, but the fixed camera was done well enough not to ruin the rest of what is a very solid game. Another (good) surprise were the puzzles, many of which are non-trivial. I would have thought that given the action orientation of the game, they would eschew any kind of mental gymnastics, but they actually weave them into the game excellently.Finally, be prepared to walk the line between gothic horror and DragonballZ when it comes to the action scenes. Based on what I've seen in the boss fights (the final, non-DLC boss in particular), it would not be out of character for our Scottish Vampire Hunter/Super Human Ninja to vault an enemy the size of an elepant, leap into the air, snare the moon with his chain whip, and use it like a ball and chain to smash his foe. The action walks on either side of the line between ""OHHHHHHH DAMN"" and ""Oh really?""Bottom line, good game, have fun."
76561197978714586,Recommended,234080,8640938,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KannedFarU,"Patrick Stewart doing voice work for this game says a lot about how great it is. Konami did an amazing job with this reboot. Story, character development, gorgeous fantasy environments, replay value, great hack-n-slash gamelay that grows with the game and the player. I only had 2 major quirks with this game the first being fixed camera angles. Usually this means the camera is going to pan around like they do in the movies and really capture the mood of your setting. This really is great, but someone needs to just give me control of the damn thing when I'm in a battle. The second are unresponsive controls. It seems like the controls wait for animations to complete before becoming responsive again. Sometimes you need the character to respond immediately to what you're mashing on the controller but instead will pause and get whapped in the head by a giant boulder. There is a particular part in the 2nd DLC where this feels really unfair."
76561197967413984,Recommended,234080,8467250,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Flurry,it's not the worst.
,Recommended,234080,8470993,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Caldazar,"Rather good fighting game, I enjoyed it thouroughly. The story was quite decent as well, with an interesting end."
76561198005487987,Recommended,234080,8668669,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Intsanius,"9.5/10, absolutely stunning game, one of the best I have ever played. And one that made me cry, damn it! =))) It would give it 10/10 if it was not for the last DLC's boss fight's mechanics, but it may be just my garbage controller skill... damn, WHAT A GOOD GAME!!!!"
76561198063678290,Recommended,234080,8467033,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tryndan,Amazing game. Good story and great level design
,Recommended,234080,8511588,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Johnny Romero,Yes
76561198019152775,Not Recommended,234080,21067502,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sebleh,"Imagine the boring repetitiveness of God of War and the destruction of everything you loved about the older Castlevania games. This game literally took the GoW engine and plastered Castlevania skins and names. I will admit the CV storyline could have used a reboot, but this one spits in the glory of what it used to be."
,Recommended,234080,22661987,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,k0st1x,!
,Not Recommended,234080,7558852,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"The combat is repetitive and there are a bunch of QTEs although they are not too hard.  Just mash some random button when they tell you too.The world is super linear with rare oppertunity to go left or right.  The camer is fixed which can make a lot of the wall climbing / jumping puzzles a bit more difficult than they should be.  The fighting is very generic as well.This game also uses a check-point save system.  This is a reason I do not think Ill finish this game.  Currently my check point is saved right before a boss fight (and yes you get to watch a bunch of cinematics every single attempt).  The problem is that it saved my character when he was at  very low health.  So now I get to fight a boss in a very small space with his helping minions with very low health to start with.  After about 8 tries I gave up.  It wasn't even close.Unless you know you love these kinds of games, I would suggest that you stay away from the title."
,Recommended,234080,9421660,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,"Hsiu ""Sho"" Chang","I tried to play previous Castlevania game on the original Xbox and could not even play for 2 hours.  This game I played for 5 hours every night for a week, losing much sleep, but having so much fun.It has a great sense of style and sense of progression.  The character Gabriel Belmont really builds up to be a strong fighter.  The control is very smooth, each time after you level up and buys new ability, you can develop a new longer combo.  The game encourages you to play earlier chapter to discover more collectible and you can relish in defeating earlier enemy with ease and style.  By the end of the game, when I acquired the Ultimate Light and Shadow Magic, fighting the last boss was easy on Normal difficulty because magic is unlimited and I have maxed out all the stat.The game always save your experience point so you don’t feel like you wasted time even if you are dead.  This also allows farming for points.  You also don’t feel you need to be stingy with using the items because this is not a survivor game.  Chapter VI, Part III: Castle Hall, when you finish the rune puzzle and it turns night, the vampires do end after a few waves. If you stand and kill all of the vampires, the last one seems to drop a full load of EVERY item (daggers, holy water, faeries, and crystals.  You get about 50 experience points per vampire, and there is a magic fountain there so you can easily use up your item and magic to kill all enemy in just 3 minutes, you can then go to the game menu, “Restart on Last Check Point” and fight them again.  You can get as much experience as you want.  If you can afford to wait though, go to Chapter VI, Part IV: Refectory, the boss Evil Butcher, there is a 30 second QuickTime prompt event before you kill him, and you get 1,000 points for doing that.  You can definitely max on all the skills and relics by doing this.The visual is amazing, there is hand drawn black and white bestiary and storybook like intro in each chapter, and then when you play the game there is the animated cut scene.   There is the QuickTime sequence / prompt event where you have to push the attack button when the circle shrinks down smaller than the indicator circle.   This was very confusing for me at first because I am used to smashing button when the prompt comes up.  In fact, in the first sequence where I ride the horse to escape the goblins I keep getting knocked down.  I also recommend you lose the prompt event sometimes because some of the Gabriel’s death animation is pretty amazing.  This is especially true when you fight Carmilla the Vampire Queen’s true form, Dark lord of the Vampires (BOSS), the animation there is really long and you would never find out if you win at the prompt.The game has the blatant steal from Shadow of Colossus where you have to climb on a Titan and attach each of the spot on its body, and the Titan will attempt to throw you off.   It is quite exciting.Patrick Stewart of the Star Trek Enterprise / Captain Picard fame is one of the main story character Zobek .  He narrates all the intro level descriptions / stories.  The first time I heard him I was very impressed by his acting and happy that this game has a big budget to hire good actors.On the downside, the game does have some repetitive points, and the DLC which continues from the end of the game, it is very difficult and repetitive even on the normal setting.  In the DLC you help Laura the vampire daughter with The Forgotten big evil boss that is trapped under the castle.  Gabriel chooses actions which leads him to become the man he is in Lords of Darkness 2.  You also see the trailer for the 2nd game if you wait after the game credit ends.If you just want a fun run through, it will take 20 hours, if you go back and get all the crystal and collectibles and challenges, it will take about 40 hours."
76561198019975866,Recommended,234080,7573338,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Trevs987,"Backed by Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima and serving as an origin story, this game sheds new creative light in Castlevania seperating it from the past games in the series. Rather then being like another Metroid type game, this one takes cues from games like Devil May Cry and God of War and gives an engaging hack and slash mixed with a story that's also enjoyable too. Not for everyone but if you're a fan of Castlevania then this is certainly one to get sunk into when awaiting the next installment."
,Recommended,234080,28924940,Posted: 1 January,all,Exemplar Gaming,"Great and fun combat system with mechanics unlocked during game to change it up and make it more interesting,mysterious story and characters and great and challenging boss fights one of my best purchases of 2016."
76561198113312957,Recommended,234080,17431560,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Miew Miew Fish,"One of the nice game I have ever bought, even through the control is a bit bad using keyboard, I recommend using controller for the player who is not really patient and the story really awesome and i quite enjoy the gameplay. But I quite disappointed because the region lock I cannot purchase the Castlevania: Lord of Shadow 2 and the Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Mirror of Fate via Steam."
76561198015147679,Not Recommended,234080,13898553,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Strandly,"Horrible, horrible combat design.  You have all these cool attacks that you can't use because the monsters counter 99% of them.  Bad camera design as well.  Overall horribly disappointing."
,Recommended,234080,22809806,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bebeop,This game is beautiful and fun. It's worth a purchase.You wont regret it.
,Recommended,234080,26162803,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,John Diva,Recommended to those who like-platforming-puzzles-fast hack and slash action-dark atmosphere-a long campaign that needs some time to really startBeat the Main Game + DLC in 32 hours on hard
,Recommended,234080,26138685,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,eliasESN,"It's a nice change for the formula of the series, brings diversity and new ways to play throught the story of this wonderful franchise"
,Recommended,234080,26162829,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ScarletKlaudia,"Castlevania L.O.S's fantastic universe is more that an original vision of Dracula's myth. This game is a unique fantasy experience with a complex background combining very different traditions. The gameplay is tricky enough to challenge you. Gabriel Belmont, your PC, deals with a traditional hero's personal tragedy and a personal quest that makes him all the more endearing. Great music, great storytelling interface and great PC abilities."
76561198081448009,Recommended,234080,30971913,Posted: 5 April,all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,"Like a cheap knockoff of God of War, 🅱️ut it's pretty good."
76561198039052542,Not Recommended,234080,13256696,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Peoboy,"A very repetetiv and ""outstreched"" piece of vampiredust! A very shallow combatsystem and the same enemies over and over, even when they look different the pattern is more or less the same.If you want a good hack-and-slash; try the Devil May Cry series or Metal Gear Rising."
76561197967324471,Recommended,234080,7569070,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,H.U.N.K,The game so nice I bought it twice :D once for xbox360 and again on PC one of the best platformers around and a truely beutyful soundtrack
76561198048721130,Recommended,234080,29237647,Posted: 13 January,all,MrToro,"It's not like older Castlevania games, it's not a side-scroller, you can't level up, it's not even in the same canon as the other games. Judging this game on its own, it's a 3d beat 'em up with lots of quick time events, fairly easy platforming and puzzles of varying difficulty, similar to God of War or Darksiders.The story is fairly long, it took me about 25 hours to beat the game, including the dlc on the Knight(normal) difficulty. The game is split into chapters of various sizes. You'll be going all around the continent, so the levels are varied. Story quality is pretty mediocre, I felt like there were a lot of moments where the story didn't make any sense. Voice acting is mostly okay, you have Sir Patrick Stewart as the narrator as well as a major character and he's a very pleasant man to listen to. Other voice actors perform well enough.Since I mentioned that this game is like God of War, I might as well mention that the controls are not nearly as fluid. Block and dodge are bound to the same button on gamepad, the sprint power-up is activated by double tapping the left stick in any direction, which feels sluggish and unreliable to execute. Your character feels slow and clunky when turning and aiming attacks, which is a big problem in a game like this. The camera is always in a fixed position, which is an incredibly poor design decision.The two dlc included in the Ultimate Edition are short and rather poor in my opinion. The first dlc, Reverie is a puzzle focused dlc where logic flies out the window because some puzzles wouldn't make sense otherwise. The second dlc, Resurrection begins promisingly, with an awesome platforming/climbing section with a bit of a twist. After that, however, you're left with an multi-phase boss who was absolutely infuriating, one of the most frustrating bosses in any video game I've played.Overall, Lords of Shadow is a decent game, if you can handle the occasionally clumsy controls and accept that it really has very little to do with Castlevania.But yeah, that dlc boss can ♥♥♥♥ right off. Harder than the fight withSatanhimself."
76561198123804954,Recommended,234080,25582708,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,JRB,an ok game but a bad castlevania game
,Not Recommended,234080,9498637,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Kelgoroth,"Castlevania: Lords of ShadowGenre: Action-AdventureRating: 5/10Comment : There are better Action-Adventures to play for example 'Darksiders'.While the game has some great moments it's in general not a very good Action-Adventure. The combat is repitive, the puzzles are mostly too easy, the camera can not be controlled, there is no free saving, the world is not contiguous, the levels are mostly linear with very little to discover, the story does nothing special and you have to play through once to unlock the hardest difficulty.But 'Castlevania: Lords of Shadow' also has some beautiful landscapes and impressive cutscenes espcecially the epilogue.If you are a fan of the genre it will probably be worth playing through once. Otherwise I would advice you to play something else."
76561198021185139,Recommended,234080,18750001,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,richardw2004,Kik♥♥♥♥♥but ♥♥♥♥ing hard !!!
76561197963404721,Recommended,234080,18807789,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Boudz,Linear Game with Good fighting and story so far I recommend!
,Not Recommended,234080,18828050,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sunny D,Everything is a QTE. Everything.The textures looked really nice.
,Not Recommended,234080,8592806,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"This game looks cool but the controls are so awkward and weird. It's impossible for me to control the character at all, and he just runs around aimlessly and then jumps randomly. I know its not sticky keys on my keyboard since i don't have this problem in any other game. I tried to reconfigure the controls but it was still to awkward."
,Recommended,234080,34674194,Posted: 1 September,all,Voromyr,"Awesome game, totally worth it. 100% and now going for mirrors of fate!"
,Recommended,234080,17606479,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Midnight,.
,Recommended,234080,25158013,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BahamutKaiser,"Just as good as I remember it from the Xbox 360, can't wait til I reach the DLC so I can experience the part I didn't access before."
,Recommended,234080,25129104,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mcbargava,Highly recommended.
,Recommended,234080,25047000,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lefthook77,A fantastic retelling of an old tale. I enjoyed this so much I've played it through twice.
76561198271119698,Recommended,234080,29279022,Posted: 15 January,all,JUSTABIRD917,Love the story rich castlevania series it is one of the best games I have on my steam account.
,Recommended,234080,10565787,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Captain Judaism,Press X to Zobek.
76561198089447064,Recommended,234080,15617068,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Stallone,absolutely beutiful...the further you get into the game the more stunning it looks..the music and sound is awesome..and what a great story..this is truly a great game..really dont miss this no matter what.. its better than god of war and its massive.......and robert carlysle and jean luc picard doing voice overs.....lords of shadow 2 really did have a hard act to follow....9/10
76561197994969703,Recommended,234080,15724271,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,hansrob00,"Overall decent game! Probably 30-40 hours of solid gameplay. The only criticism is there are probably too many puzzles and there's a good chance you will not be finishing this game without some kind of guide and perhaps even knocking the difficulty down to easy a few times. Regardless, it kept me entertained. Right now I'm working my way through the DLC. Would definitely recommend this if you like a nice beat em up with some puzzles and dramatic cut scenes sprinkled through out the game."
76561198063269581,Recommended,234080,31781260,Posted: 15 May,all,Kaname,This game is ok on chapter 3 currently.My main negatives is this game has tons and tons of giant spiders... sigh it was the main thing I hated in Skyrim and most fantasy games....But for most part this game is pretty fun very challanging.Ratings so farStory 7/10Music 6/10Art  and graphics 7.5/10Diffculty  level  8/10Final rating 8 out of 10 a B letter gradeOverall opinion This game is worth buying but not for 30 dollars wait for a summer or winter or autum sale and get this game when it  is 5-12 dollar. It will give you alot of entertainment.  and you will have a fun time for most part. Again the only issue with this game is the amount of spiders it has.  Also the controls are frustrating at times and can ruin immersion.
,Recommended,234080,22845352,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sisco,I commanded a bare breasted fairy to arrange symbols so it would unlock the chestity belt around a giant tree v*gina.Would totally recommend!
,Recommended,234080,22910855,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GoMordecai,"Before I begin I'd like to say that I haven't played the previous Castlevania games; this being my first venture into the world of Castlevania. I'm aware that this game takes a different approach to the originals, however I am reviewing this as a standalone.The world setting is an interesting one, but the overall plot is predictable to say the least. There's some interesting characters visually, however characterisation is little. An ensemble voice cast consisting of Robert Carlyle, Natascha McElhone, (hello to) Jason Isaacs, and even the dramatics of Patrick Stewart, known for his Shakespearean background, struggle with the creaky dialogue.To get the cons out of the way, the biggest irk in this game, and as mentioned in many other reviews, is the fixed camera angles. Much like Resident Evil, camera angle cuts are jarring and often leave you moving back on yourself. The camera angles can be most frustrating during platforming sequences, cutting from wide shots to extreme long shots, forcing you to search the screen for Gabriel. Often you will be taken on a cut scene showing you the enviroment for the sole purpose of allowing you to see it, because the fixed camera won't allow you to take in the hard work gone into the creation of world. There are collectibles in the game, however the fixed camera deters from adventure and exploration making levels feel terribly linear. The fixed camera is not without its perks, I found that, especially in battle with The Forgotten One, that a change of angle can signify what attack is about to come, but much like the adventuring this takes away from personal achievement.Another thing I'd like to point out is the DLC. It has some exciting sequences, and allows for another playable character, but it almost felt like a different team worked on it. The 2D animation for cut scenes, however nice to watch, stands out from the artistic style of the rest of the game. I personally like the animation, but would have preferred for one or the other. Also, I'm not sure if it's just me but the difficulty curve for the DLC in comparison to the rest of the game seemed rather steep; ghouls appeared to do significantly more damage and the battle with The Forgotten One became a bit of a grind and somewhat frustrating.Strangely, after all these faults, I am giving this game a positive review and after getting past the frustrating camera I found the game to be a fun hack-n-slash. It's influences are obvious, taking aspects from God of War, Devil May Cry, and the platforming of Prince of Persia. The variation of combos make combat with smaller enemies exciting and very rarely does it become monotonous. Aside from the Titans, boss fights can be fun, but allow little time to use combos. There is a nice variety of enemies that each have different weaknesses and different methods of fighting. My only fault, and this is my personal preference, is the button prompts during cut scenes that occur during fights, mainly in boss fights. These will be fine for people who enjoy the God of War series and don't mind button prompts, but for me it takes away from personal achievement.If you enjoy hack-n-slash games like God of War, then you'll probably enjoy this game. It has a fun variety of combos and enemies, and although exploration is little the world and mythology in which the game is based is an interesting one. For the full price I wouldn't recommend this game, but if you can pick it up on sale - I think I picked it up for £5 in a Steam sale - then give it a try. I've had nearly 34hrs out of the game, most of them enjoyable, and it's been worth every penny. The game has clear issues, but if you can get to grips with them or have played and enjoyed past hack-n-slash games of the PS2 era then I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,234080,22916482,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Teddy,"I'm going to start off saying that I've been a long term player of Castlevania all the way back to the first time it came out on NES. I was VERY sceptical starting this game due to hearing about how mixed this game is and how the Castlevania canon has been twisted into a new plot.I bought this on sale and figured ""Why not? Lets see how deep this crap pile goes.""At first I thought this was practically a God of War throw back -and in most sense it is- but what really caught my eye,IS ALL OF THE SUBTILE HINTS FROM PREVIOUS CASLTEVANIA GAMES THROWN IN!!!!I don't want to go into complete detail but if you've played any of the older Castlevania's  *Super Castlevania 4, Castlevania Legacy of Darkness (64), Symphony of the Night, etc.* you will definitely notice a mix of a little bit of everything thown in but with a new plot all together.This story is quite different and really puts a lot of background on why the Belmont clan hates Dracula, but it is quite unclear as to why until the very end.Overall I woudl consider this a seperate canon to the Castelvania story rather than a whole new perminant one.I give this game a good review and look forward to playing LOS 2.Castlevania 4 Ever-Gaibon"
,Recommended,234080,23109207,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Classic Decaf,"Excellent and well polished game!Although there is some slight hand-holding along the way (in the beginning chapters) it does a good job as more of an extended tutorial system that I noticed eases up as the game progresses. A must for Castlevania fans and anyone looking for a fun combat enthused action adventure with not too much exploration.**For those reviews complaining about the fixed camera system; I suspect they haven't really played the first DMC, or any Onimusha game for that matter... Or even Ninja Gaiden Black. All great action adventure games that all have a fixed camera perspective. I never really considered this a flaw and more so one less mechanic to worry about. And if you've played any of the above mentioned games then you'll have no problem picking up this one**The combat is great! Most notably the block/dodge/counter mechanics that allow you to keep your focus meter stacked.It borrows most of the staple themes that we see in these types of games including simple button command prompts.Do yourself a favor and just pick this one up :)"
76561198301773386,Recommended,234080,23238266,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Thoth's Scribbler,Great GameRespect the Castlevania Legacy while bringning new to the table.Played it till completionWould Recommend 8/10
76561198132748712,Recommended,234080,22859249,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,c.kirchberger,"I bought this game during some midweek madness sale for 6€ and I have to say: I just love it. The sheer lenght of it, the many boss fights!! Upgrading your character and trying out new attacks is also a lot of fun, although it's annoying sometimes to be in the middle of some 5 step combination and getting hit and having to start over...But it came out in 2010, so...For that kind of cash I highly recommend that you get a copy."
76561198047609554,Recommended,234080,7857348,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jimmy_Noodles,"This game is gorgeous and the gameplay is great! A very good entry into the Castlevania Series. Do yourself a favor if your a fan, get this game!"
,Not Recommended,234080,22666643,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Buttslut,"I can't tell if I'm experiencing severe input lag or if there is zero animation canceling, either way both are bad for a hack n slash."
,Recommended,234080,20279984,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,-Adeptus- Niien,"I usually don't write these, however I was super impressed with this game. Definitely a great story driven game in my opinion. Decent gameplay, awesome graphics, and fantastic music/sound effects. Loved the cinimatic cuts as well. I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,234080,32845513,Posted: 27 June,all,EGONETWORK™,"Even tho i barely have hours on this game, i can say that its good. The gameplay, the difficulty, the story so much of it is good."
76561198090392783,Recommended,234080,35116230,Posted: 21 September,all,DBZking119,I lot of people heap♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game and while i understand why it's still a great game perfect to play during the fall season . Yes it's very similar to god of war but honestly thats not a bad thing it has a lot of refrences and callbacks to the classic castlevania games the music is epic and the voice cast is A+ and the story i find to be well written with a clever twist at the end. It's a mashup of all your classic horror senseablities and its a good time its a must play game
,Recommended,234080,31558007,Posted: 5 May,all,IrsyamGamerMYNZ,I will give 8 out of 10 for this game.I recommend play with a controller.It has great story.
,Recommended,234080,34438823,Posted: 23 August,all,Left4Rage,"Combat has a satisfying 'oomph' to it. Story isn't great, but it's not too bad either. Patrick Stewart as the narrator is pretty horrible, though his character ingame is entertaining. Didn't feel like a Castlevania title."
,Recommended,234080,34086933,Posted: 7 August,all,Bob93,good game loved every moment of it. ♥♥♥♥ THE ♥♥♥♥ING FORGOTEN ONE!!!!!!!!!
76561198060518343,Recommended,234080,6171208,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Supa-Troopa,Almost perfect port of one of the best console slashers. Don't even think to play without gamepad.
,Recommended,234080,16817349,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Yes, I recommend this games for those who are not fans of Castlevania! :PAlso I would recommend it for those who can play it without judging from its name.I you like Narnia, God of War, cliche vampire and creature design play this one!Don't waste your money and time with the second one.BTW, great port!"
,Recommended,234080,9811610,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Reznorio,"Good gameplay mechanics, inspiring story but a sad end. 8.5/10!"
76561197966333408,Recommended,234080,14521882,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yurnero,"I'd recommend this game for art design and production values alone but it also has great gameplay, even if filled with those ""jump here"" and ""hit this"" handholdings of most action console games.Play it on your 50' flat screen TV with an Xbox gamepad."
,Recommended,234080,8848473,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Drinkfist,"If you like the ""God of War"" series then you will be right at home here. best to play with a controller."
76561198003380651,Recommended,234080,19598261,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,beyondtool,"Deserves enourmous credit for Patrick Stewart and Robert Carlyle's voice acting and incredible set and enemy design. The game oozes quality and the story is worth following. Sure it's linear, has a locked camera, copies god of war ideas, the fighting engine isn't as good as something like Bayonetta or Devil May Cry and it can get repetitive gameplay wise... but it's a fun journey and a good antidote to the mindless open world games that seem to saturate the market these days. I liked the puzzzles they broke up the action.There are issues with AA on AMD systems, the ingame AA doesn't work and if you force it on through Catalyst drivers the screen goes black. Best workaround is to use AMD's super resolution instead, runs beautifully on an AMD r9 290 card. Actually holds it's own in the graphic department considering how old the game is.A good pickup on a steam sale."
,Recommended,234080,18858647,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ladysharny,This game is just a badass masterpiece.
76561198072113884,Not Recommended,234080,29100843,Posted: 7 January,all,Jack,"Feels like a terrible port. Does not support mouse by default - all commands are via the keyboard. I feel it probably would work fine with a game controller so if you use one of those, feel free to disreguard this entire review as all the negative I have to say is a result of the controls and camera set up  :)+ The graphics are very good, considering how old it is - I could see that right away. The screenshots are what captivated my interest and got me to buy the game.+ The story sounds interesting- No camera control. It's stuck at an awkward angle (for me at least, I like the camera further off the ground). Most 3rd person games allow you to swing the camera in any direction. This does not.- No default mouse control. You can set the mouse buttons to various commands manually though but you're still stuck with commands set to the right side of the keyboard.- Does not do a good job of constraining the mouse to one monitor. This may be why they discourage using it. Whenever it gets outside the screen onto the other monitor and you click, it tabs you out of the game. This is not something that happens every time you move the mouse... but it happens regularly.The lack of control over camera angles is really what does it for me. If that would not have been unsatisfactory I would have played with the controls more. As it is, I may eventually come back to it and give it another try, but I have many other games in my list that don't require a lot of 'control fiddling' and use standard mouse+keyboard commands."
76561198031262604,Not Recommended,234080,15733241,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,The Bored Chairman,"SPOILERS:Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is essentially a Shadow of the Colossus/God of War clone, with great atmosphere and beautiful music. The game itself has a decent story and various different characters, all of which feel fleshed out.Unfortunately, the game itself suffers from horrendous execution. It seems most of the budget was spent on graphics and art and the gameplay suffers accordingly. There are far too many cookie-cutter enemies, and the combat is unrefined. Weak enemies can ignore your CC skills and every hit you suffer staggers you and interrupts your combos and focus (a mechanic that allows you to regain magic through proficient combat), making the grab attack the most efficient way to kill hordes of throwaway baddies and reducing combat to a chore rather than entertainment. They're often thrown in as a way to keep the exploration exciting, which makes no sense, given that the world is very beautiful and combat takes away from the experience, rather than adding to it.More competent enemies are still easily dealt with since the game is quite generous with items, which are very effective against them. Even in these fights, peon-class monsters are thrown in and all they do is slow the combat down as you grab/kill them individually.The boss fights range from being excellent (Cornell, Brauner and Olrox come to mind) to breathtaking (but unfortunately easy i.e. the Titans) to downright stupid (and this one's more of a personal peeve). For instance, the Butcher boss is very easy to beat. Beat on him enough and he puts on a pot as a helmet. Just before fighting him, you rang a bell to summon Ghouls into a room. Since your attacks don't hurt him, you assume that you can use his helmet somehow to summon the Ghouls, resulting in a gruesome death for this ugly beast as his pets literally bite the hand that feeds them.No such luck. You have to (get this) jump and attack. That's right. Jump and attack to smash the helmet.YOU HAVE A WHIP! IT LETS YOU CROSS MOUNTAINS! WHY THE HELL WOULD JUMPING MAKE THE SLIGHTEST DIFFERENCE TO YOUR RANGE? /rantAnother (and the worst part, in my opinion) problem is that the programmers violated one of the Great Gaming Commandments.THOU SHALT NEVER MAKE A 3D GAME WITH PLATFORMING AND A FIXED CAMERA.Yeah. I shouldn't have to explain this, but I will.The game has many parts where you have to climb stuff. And it doesn't let you look around. For the most part, it's fine but good luck beating the game without screwing up your double jumps.The icing on the mechanic cake is the fact that the camera/controls don't always line up, resulting in controls and directions being swapped for the sake of a cinematic view. It is infuriating to platform when up suddenly becomes right because OOOOOHHHH LOOK AT HOW ARTSY THIS IS! LOOK HOW EPIC IT IS! WHY DID YOU FALL?. Once again, the bad mechanics take away from the atmosphere and instead of being enraptured, you're left wondering when it ends. A crime against the art department, since they did their job fantastically.Finally, there are a multitude of puzzles, which also allow you to forgo the reward in exchange for the answer. Clearly this was added with consoles in mind, since PC gamers can simply shift-tab and search the answer. Even so, the puzzles aren't too complex, and actually add to the game since there's no bad programming to get in the way. It's just you, the puzzle and your brain.So while this game is beautiful and atmospheric, I cannot recommend it since it forgets that it's a game. Gameplay/game mechanics are vastly more important than story and art. If I wanted to watch something with great graphics and music, I'd watch a movie or listen to my favorite bands. I buy games to play a GAME, not an interactive movie.TL:DR Nice to look at, rots you from the inside like your ex."
,Not Recommended,234080,22712405,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,King Vegeta,"Went into the game with an open mind because it's on sale but it's not really that great.  It does get better as you progress but progression feels sluggish & most things about it are just disappointing.PROS-Great Graphics-Action Style Combat-Patrick StewartCONS-Fixed camera angles-Auto-targeting system-Too many tutorials-Repetitive Combat-Incredibly Linear-Too Many QTE's-Bad Story-Boring Characters-Too Many Cutscenes-Too much Patrick Stewart (Never thought I'd say that)STORYYou're wife's dead & you're emo.  Patrick Stalwart shows up & says, ""We can bring your wife back by making you into a god!""  So you go around killing things until it happens, I assume.  It all was so dull & boring that's all I could get from it.  Something about ancient spirits of ""The Order"" are using your wife's soul to communicate with you?  I dunno...GAMEPLAYYou Mash X when there's a single target & Y when there's multiple targets while dodging or jumping over attacks.  You can block but you might as well just dodge.  You get the power to absorb magic orbs & add ""Light Magic"" to your attacks which only serves to give you lifesteal & ""Dark Magic"" which, you guessed it, increases your damage.  Also, why don't the magic orbs just absorb when I get close?  Why do I have to hold a button down to absorb them?  That adds absolutely nothing to the gameplay & just leaves you open during combat.Another thing about combat, every time you're hit you get interupted while enemies rarely do themselves.  So, while you're attacking an enemy he'll walk through your attacks only to blindside you upside your head or throw a weapon at you, breaking your combo.Then there are segments of the game where you'll have to fight a large enemy to progress because you have to mount them & use their abilities to make it through the level.  Basically, they're living keys.  You ride them, use them to make progress then kill them because they're useless now.  You can use them during combat but you get reduced rewards for every enemy slain using a mount so it's not really worth it.The camera is so god awful during gameplay.  Enemies will attack you off camera by leaping at you or throwing bombs & the auto targeting is so bad that you'll constantly miss when you throw knives & attack nothing half the time because you don't know where you're aiming or if you're locked on when you start attacking.  Blocking is mapped to the same button as dodging so yea, good luck with that.  When you're not moving you block, when you're moving you dodge & it can get cumbersome to suddenly stop moving during combat just to block an attack.  Timed blocks give you a parry that lets you attack freely. Don't even get me started on the QTE's which only serve to break up the already boring combat & make it even more boring.  Whenever you grab an enemy it's a QTE that forces you to wait one whole second before pressing the kill button.  Why?  I don't know.  They could have easily just let you press the button to kill whenever you wanted but no... You gotta wait for the game to tell you when you can kill it which only serves to break the flow of combat.Then the way the areas are designed are just straight lines with small off paths that lead to either an upgrade or to something that could have been put on the main path like a Regeneration Fountain.  There are several paths that intertwine & the only difference is an item being hidden on one path.  Why?  What is the point of making the paths lead to the exact same place if the only difference is one has an upgrade?  That's blatantly punishing players who choose the path without the upgrade forcing them to replay the level just to find it.  It's padding at it's absolute worst.To make matters worse every level has or is a tutorial.  Level 1?  Combat tutorial.  Level 2? Jumping tutorial.  Level 3?  New item tutorial.  Level 4? Boss tutorial.  Level 5?  Magic tutorial.  Level 6?  Poison effect tutorial.  ENOUGH WITH THE TUTORIALS!  Well into chapter 2 I'm still seeing tutorialThen there are the cutscenes.  Why oh why are there so many cutscenes?  Even during the finishing blow of the first boss I was interupted so Mr. Portrick Stewbird could swoop in & finish it off for me.  KS'd by Potluck Standard!  What exactly did making him instead of me, the player, take out the first boss of the game add to the game?  NOTHING!  It made me, the player, feel like a wimpy emo panzy (which the main character kind of is) so Mr. Prenub Studmuffin could seize all the glory for himself!  I guess because they were paying big money for a big name voice actor they had to ruin the game's first boss fight in order to get their money's worth.And the puzzles are even worse, especially in the beginning but if the early stages are any indication of puzzles in late game then I bet they're not any better.  The first real puzzle you come across involves finding 5 rocks with pictures on them.  Then you put those pictures in the order you found them, which is shown on screen as you solve it.  Yes, a puzzle that gives you the solution on screen while you are doing it.  HOW IN THE HELL IS THAT A PUZZLE?The next puzzle?  A rotating bridge!  To your dead wife's corpse!  That's got a swinging axe getting closer to her corpse & if you take too long she gets cut in half.  Questions.  Why do I care about a corpse?  Why is the corpse in the middle of a rotating bridge death trap?  Why is this a vision test to prove my worth to a goat man?  Because ♥♥♥♥ YOU! That's why!GRAPHICSThen there's the graphics.  Yes, the game is pretty but there is a downside to this & I'm not talking about how horrible the rest of the game is as a result.  The game is so detailed that it's hard to make out all the, well.. Details.  No, seriously.  It all blends together like a pristine painting that was made by some of the best artists they could probably find, but the end result is... What am I looking at exactly?  With the fixed camera angles it's nearly impossible to tell what your looking at half of the time.  If there was a 3rd person mode that let you actually see the details up close you could probably tell what you were looking at, but because it's so far out of view & unfocused it just becomes a bland mess.And that's the worst part about the game.  The camera.  They made an action based hack & slash game with gorgeos graphics & 3D platforming segments only to ♥♥♥♥ it up by giving it a fixed camera perspective.  This just takes you away from all the action, all the great graphics & away from being immersed in a fantasy gothic horror style environment.  You want to see that segment of grass up close? Too bad!  You want to see the detail of the enemies they paid artists tons of money to work on for hours?  Tough nuts!  You want to be in the middle of the action & see the blood splatter on your face as you fight?  Not gonna happen!OVERALLThis game is incredibly mediocre.  In fact, the first two hours I spent playing it about half or more of that was in cutscenes & replaying levels to find an item I missed. And every time I replayed a level all I could think was, ""What is the point of this?  Why is this in the game?  Why is that in the game?  This isn't fun.  It adds nothing to the game.  This only serves to extend the level to make it seem longer than it actually is!"" It's padding & not the good sort of padding.I'm not sure where the ""Very Positive"" rating is coming from because this game doesn't do anything spectacular at all.  It rips things from other games (which isn't a bad thing) but it grinds them down into their most generic format & puts them together in a way that is just ""Meh...""  If you pick up this game, don't expect anything amazing or ground breaking.  Hell, don't even expect it to be a Castlevania game because it's not.  It's just some game that happens to have Castlevania's name on it."
,Not Recommended,234080,8465877,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ebarle,"I only played the beginning tutorial level, but I probably won't ever play the rest because I didn't expect it to be Devil May Cry. /Disappoint"
76561198055804424,Not Recommended,234080,10491450,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,TB12,This game is not difficult but rather infuriating. Several puzzles will require unorthodox methods or tactics not even taught to you. After chapter 2 the game's chapters suddenly become short. Camera is also unmovable which makes moving from one zone to another a huge pain. The only thing good here is the voice acting. 5/10
76561198044982974,Not Recommended,234080,29071329,Posted: 6 January,all,Frank,"Clumsy controls,  game give misleading clues, beleieve nothing you read, and wish I'd have tried the trial first.   Already paid $29.99 for this dud but not the first time.   Do not buy it.Nice story line, graphis, and voval, but it is impossible to play even on squire."
,Not Recommended,234080,8425394,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,shitstain,"Do you know that feeling when you spend some money on a game from one of your favorite franchises and it just sucks?I do, but the deal with Casltevania: LoS is a bit different - it's just a big disappointment. The only thing this game shares with another games from the franchise (let's jus skip the psx game) is the last name of the protagonist (Belmont, again, let's just skip Alucard and stuff for the review's sake).Of course the game was placed in a 3D world so the game was supposed to be bit different, but don't be fooled: this is not metroidvania, or anything even close to Castlevania. This is a tpp slasher which did a bad job at being what it was meant to be. If I were to pick Darksiders, DMC or Castlevania I would just send this game straight to trash.There are some upsides to this game: regular mini-boss fights, art-style, fast-paced action. But let's go straight to the downsides, shall we:The hero's got hardly any identity, it's just some Gabriel Belmont who is so sad about losing his wife that he's got to save the world and nothing is going to stop him. This is extremely cliche, but let's go further - maybe the gameplay is so awesome it's going to make you forget that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?No way, it's just another slasher, but you can only use a few weapons, there's no advanced switching techniques, the whip feels really... soft. Unless you're using heavy attacks but even then the ps2 jrpg 3d graphics make it feel like you're just so weak you should turn your back on this whole quest. Combos are extremely weak, and honestly there's hardly any point in switching to anything but attack spam. The game doesn't really punish you for losing and doesn't force you to get better at the game so why bother?The plot is completely chaotic and I don't mean lack of plot like in Dark Souls. This game just tells you some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and then follows with completely random areas and bosses, why? Only fighting Lords of Shadow makes any sense, but then again meh...Camera is one of the things I hate the most in this steaming pile of goat excrement. It focuses random thing, often makes jumps impossible or hard. I think this would be much better on the controller so maybe it's a warning: don't play on a hecking keyboard holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I know it sounds like it's a 3/10 game, but I would give it 5 or 6 even. It sucks, it really sucks at being a castlevania game and a slasher game as well. It's trying to be similiar to DMC or Darksiders but just doesn't meet the challenge. It's not worth the money as you can get something so much better than this. Just... don't bother. Maybe they will release another 2D game, this time for PC as well."
,Not Recommended,234080,8389608,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Killer Bees,Feels like a cheap Devil May Cry.
,Not Recommended,234080,9040435,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Centers for Disease Control?,I really wanted to like this game. I won't bother writing my own review when someone else already summed it up so well. Make sure you read SpaceBoyboy's review before you buy the game:http://steamcommunity.com//profiles/76561197968651397/recommended/234080/
,Not Recommended,234080,8576926,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MtheModulator,Weak combat mechanics.  Terrible story.  Stinkeroo.
,Not Recommended,234080,22771875,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Halfwit,"No Camera control, no mouse......spam J,K,L and hope for the best cause no way to pick a target too..i liked the general story and atmosphere, but fights were too weird for my liking. Also, there are many places in the game where you feel..WTF! why can't he jump/slide/stay alive there?Not my cup of tea!"
,Not Recommended,234080,8507648,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,A Nice Guy,This game isn't fun. It's a rail RPG. A RAIL RPG. THAT RIPS OFF CLASSIC GAMES LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING SHADOW OF THE COLLOUSUS. WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ RIPS OF SotC? It's cinematically good. But gameplay is bad as well as the game feel. 4/10 Wouldn't play again
76561197972247665,Not Recommended,234080,8480854,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zangief,If you're looking for a metroidvania style gameplay maybe don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,234080,9187196,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,LeKnuth,"Don't buy this game... If you expect God of War for PC!!Having played all GoW's on the PS, I had high expectations for this one, and I was let down many times:* The gameplay feels quirky. Many actions (block, roll, ""power"" hit) are mapped to the same button, so most of the time you end up doing things you didn't want to do.* The more powerful moves/skills are hard to use because most of them require excessive amounts of time to ""charge up"" and are therefore not really suitable for multiple enemies or boss fights. Also, tossing enemies in the air and overall airborne combat isn't as powerful as I would have liked it to be.* There are frustrating moments in the game, most of which are due to the unfair/bad placing of checkpoints.As I worked my way through the game, forcing myself to finish it, there were a lot of parts I hated that had trail-n-error elements and the mentioned badly placed checkpoints, making it an overall frustrating experience.BUT, there where also parts I enjoyed a lot, especially the puzzles (which where often hard, but never unfair) and the last 3 Chapters as a whole. The story is average, except for the ending (after the ending), which has a nice twist to it.Technically, the game itself is pretty nice. It sounds good and looks terrific (except for the rendered cut-scenes and the in-game close-up shots).In conclusion, just because I ended up enjoying the last part of the game, I would not recommend it to a friend."
,Not Recommended,234080,13821825,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HBA008,"This has to be one of the most terrible ports I have played to date.  The controls are slow and unresponsive; they build up and repeat, it is like some one else in controlling the game.  I regret paying any money for this game as it is unplayable due to terrible control input timing."
,Recommended,234080,8542211,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,|4saken|,This game effing owns.  That is all.
,Not Recommended,234080,8619811,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,GreenEyedMonster,"Incredibly shallow gameplay. It feels like they tried to do a cheap knock off of Devil May Cry mixed with some of the worst beat em up action I've ever experienced. There is little to no exploration, you simply move from arena to arena fighting monsters. This game is disappointing is disappointing in it's own right, it should never had bared the castlevania name.Also, many of the sound affects were ripped from old PC games. Many of the ""atmosphere"" sounds were taken directly from Classic Everquest. Many world of warcraft sounds were used as well. It was as if they were pushing this game out as quickly as possible.Please avoid this game at all costs. Do not support subpart releases such as this."
,Not Recommended,234080,9645862,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Reizla,"I've been playing Castlevania games since the MSX days and loved most of them. The new 3D Castlevania games I have always skipped thinking that they'd be not as good as the old 2D times. With this one being my 1st 3D Castlevania, I have to agree with my thoughts - they 3D Castlevania really is no good game.Okay, sound, animations and graphics are really excellently done. But when I look at the rest of the game I only can say that they've made a rush job.Just look at the controls. You MUST use a X-BOX controller because the controls with mouse & keyboard are simply unplayable. And I am no controller player.Then the 'manual'. Well, that's lacking big-time. Finishing off a monster, press R1 the game tells me. And next..? Not a single hint on what to do >:( And it's very frustrating to have a boss monster at it's last health and not knowing how to finish it off, OR when I finally find out, just be that split-second too late to press that one (which one?) button."
76561198070224536,Not Recommended,234080,24787889,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,devonworks,did not finish the game looks great but not having control of camera is a big for me.no lock on had lots of potential but lost me on those issues.
,Not Recommended,234080,9509597,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Brauvinist,"An okay God of War style game with an annoying camera and unintuitive combat controls that keep stacking on awkward button hold combinations as you unlock more skills. Music is awesome and story takes a number of hours to get interesting. Gets tedious very quickly without much to keep the player invested. During dramatic quick time events, like trying to hold onto a giant boss you are climbing, Gabriel doesnt respond to your button press. You either flail around and fall off or flail around and dont fall off. Stuff like this creates a disconnect between you and what is happening and can cause you to fail because you question your own timing. It wants to be an epic experience but glosses over all the little things. Get it cheap"
,Recommended,234080,8592389,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Frugl1,"Anexcellentyetflawedgem of a game.The combat system is among some of the best, but a gamepad is pretty much a must.Storywise it's one of the best written games of its generation, and the voice acting matches that by being 100% believable.However, Castlevania has one of the worst cameras known to men, as it is AI directed, and often fails to look towards enemies/key puzzle objects.However this is not enough to stop me from recommending this awesome titel at its full price. And even more so at one of the countless Steam sales."
76561197971088699,Not Recommended,234080,9059105,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Grymm,"Great movie, terrible game.  Klunky, awkward controls, frustrating camera and boring, poorly responsive button mashing combat.  The story and settings are intriguing but the linear hand holding of the player that limits any exploration, innovation or unique character development or playstyle ruins any enjoyment gained from the story.  Its a shame considering the impressive art direction and voice acting.You would think that having put so much effort into crafting such interesting environments the developers would consider mouse functionality and camera control allowing the player to actually appreciate their hard work.  Instead they seem to have opted for something intended for a smart phone.Dissapointing.  I regret spending even the sale price of £4.99."
,Not Recommended,234080,14463650,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lure,"There are three kinds of videogames - casual, competitive and hardcore. This game is hardcore. However, hardcore difficulty can be different.One type of difficulty involves some training that can be helplful in a lot of different games once you've mastered it. For example, you learn to react faster, to shoot accurately, etc. This makes sense.However, the other type of hardcore ""difficulty"" is a fake one - there is a boss or a sequence which requires specific inputs of commands from player, and the only way to progress is to learn this sequence. Learning this once won't provide any actual skill increase, because it is useless anywhere else (even within the same game).You can guess which type of difficulty this game has. Yes, it is the bad one. So, I can't recommend it to anyone who wants to either have fun or learn some universal skills to get better at videogames. The best way to ""play"" this is watch some youtube video and enjoy the story."
,Recommended,234080,32980393,Posted: 29 June,all,AttentionGrabber,Parry everything!
76561198072889036,Recommended,234080,33654634,Posted: 19 July,all,Xaryn,"This is a proud re-boot of the Castlevania franchise. I won't lie and say this game is easy. It is sometimes downright frustrating and unforgiving in its challenges. The more you play it though, the more you'll want to keep playing it. I'm currently replaying it through to complete the Trials with increased difficulty.Its a game worth your time if you like the Castlevania franchise."
76561198157422843,Recommended,234080,33759526,Posted: 23 July,all,Surgical Senpai,Its fun simple kinda buggy but good
,Not Recommended,234080,14735210,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,merfab76,"Nope, nope and nope :(The game looks great, graphics and gameplay wise, but impossible to run it more than 10 minutes without crashing. Freezing actually, not crashing, most of the time to the point an hard reset is needed (NB : Windows 8.1, GTX 760)I tried everything : verifying game cache, run in different compatibility modes, as administrator, with controller unplugged (the default keyboard setting is a joke, btw), in windowed mode, with lowering graphics options, all of this to no avail.Total waste of money and time, too bad, it definitely looked interesting.EDIT on October 2016This is the only game (so far) I tried to refund. The refund was robot-denied, because, despite being under 2 hours of ""game time"", I had it since way longer than 2 weeks. Anyway, 18 months later, and now on Windows 10, the game works without crashing. Go figure ...It's a rather good game, still pretty nice after 3 years (despite some texture shimering), the story seems okay, and the combat kinda entertaining. However, I'll keep the ""not recommended"" status, for the following reasons : invisible walls, fixed and sometimes confusing cameras (often endind in you fighting offscreen enemies), apparently too long, at least for me (not even halfway after 10 hours), you are required to replay some levels to get some upgrades because you don't have the skills required to get them the first time you encounter them, and combat ends up being kinda repetitive.It can still be enjoyable for some, but if I had the choice to buy it or not, I personally would not."
,Not Recommended,234080,9673492,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Erik,Quicktime Event: The Game
76561197961879812,Not Recommended,234080,12077510,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,greatgregx,no i wouldn't this game does not have full controller support like it says it does so no don't buy it
76561198027370698,Recommended,234080,7452286,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,killum109,A great old school Castlevania.9/10
,Recommended,234080,7694786,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Ozzi,Great story looking forward to Lords of Shadow 2 the game plays similar to god of war but with the backround of the classic Castlevania.
,Recommended,234080,8487493,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,xNo9,Had not played a Castlevania game since the NES and I love this! Fantastic gameplay and voice acting.
,Not Recommended,234080,9168285,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pls Don't Stone Man,"It's an ""ok"" God of War clone, not much else. If you're looking for something akin to SoTN or the NES originals, don't look here."
76561197993351909,Recommended,234080,8624240,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Remnant,Really nice game
76561198035854171,Recommended,234080,8628155,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,HvyMtl,"Great looking graphics...much better with a controller, although I played just a few hours...with the keyboard....Puzzles are pretty cool...I like it alot."
,Not Recommended,234080,21758177,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PartiiGhost,"Bad game. Very bad Castlevania game. Most Castlevania games are good, but not this one."
,Not Recommended,234080,8491911,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,necrogram,Holy crappy console ports batman.
76561197992083855,Recommended,234080,8618120,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"One of the best action games you can ever find on Pc,and a truely epic story too, must play."
,Recommended,234080,8634270,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,loezix,rep +1 :D
76561198107470598,Recommended,234080,8545359,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ebco,Think of it as a more gothic and technique based God of War.
76561198095936740,Recommended,234080,17121475,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,mem,patrick mother****ing stewart
76561198065713386,Recommended,234080,33145082,Posted: 2 July,all,Primadonna,"Não é Castlevania, só tem o nome, preguiçoso com os puzzles, mas ainda sim é um bom jogo pelo desafio nos combates"
,Recommended,234080,5328460,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Паша Техник,Я вот что заметил. Если изменить название игры и убрать фамилию Бельмонт. То никто не поймет что это Castlevania. Но как слешер пойдет. 6/10
,Not Recommended,234080,25455736,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sho_Asylumn,"Lets start with the positive before going negatice. Awesome music! The combat system is standard hack and slash but the main character is a sitting duck when ever you jump. And jumping to get smaller enemies into combos is essential when you want to take out enemies without having someone poke you in the back. Having an easier way to get back to the ground or an air dash would have been great.The camera will be the bane of every object you crush as you fall to enemies that are shaded the same as the floor, platforming that has sudden camera angle switches and boss battles where you get carsick from the camera spinning you right round like a record.If you get this game, do yourself a favor and don't play the 2nd DLC. The 1st DLC isn't too bad if you have a guide nearby to help with platforming segments that point out that the main character isn't agile enough to do platforming. The 2nd DLC will put you up against a boss that is more bullet sponge than enemy. Expect to have to do precision mid-air whip aiming which is something the game never made you have to do. Others have said that it appears that the 2nd DLC was farmed out but that shouldn't break the auto-targeting. About 4 hours of my playthrough was with that last boss and the holes in my wall just isn't worth the aggravation.Get the game on sale for $10 or so and you can have a pretty good time if you like 3D action games. Just never play Chapter 14 if you value your sanity or the skin on your hand as you punch your monitor into the wall."
76561197982264156,Recommended,234080,8635825,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,aschmidtm,The closest I've come to GOW on PC.
76561198023301373,Recommended,234080,8229919,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rurouni,yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,234080,8220202,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,tguzik,"Nice graphics, but didn't feel compelled to finish it. Worst 2d castlevania ever."
76561198045226861,Recommended,234080,8482087,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Count von Count,its good ah suka
,Recommended,234080,8205763,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Chojiisdavid,Love this game !
,Not Recommended,234080,8419631,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Razgriz,For everything this game does right something else is boring. Looks pretty but the actual levels arent interesting to navigate. Combat looks nice but is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy. Soundtrack is good but there is only one of the old castlevania songs in it. I hope lords of shadow 2 is better.
,Recommended,234080,21125121,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Pyttipannu,One of the Best games I´ve ever played  9/11 ps: ♥♥♥♥ you gandolfi.
,Not Recommended,234080,9949480,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Venomlemon,"Oh boy, where to begin . . .I rarely write an anti recomentation but this game absolutely deserves one. Castlevania: Lords of Shadows is a beautiful game with a lot of fine 3d modelling and great texturing all over, unfortunately that alone doesn't yet make a great game.In this product, outdated game design meets up with all the wrong kind of innovations of the new era. Whole product has a smell of artificially prolonged lenght all over it and quick time events will drive you aboslutely insane. Combat, which you do most of the time in the game is tedious, boring and unresponsive (not to mention unaccurate). Most of the time level design makes no sense and otherwise well done backgrounds lose their appeal when only thing you do is climb a wall after another just to meet up with a wall that can't be climbed until certain enemy is defeated.Game's camera does it's best to be an additional enemy among the unimaginative and cliche-filled enemy charter. Voice acting is one of the worse I have ever heard and competes for the last place with Finnish children's animation dubbing. Music works quite well, but same can't be said for the rest of the sounds that work just as an addional (and bland) effects instead of adding to gameplay or experience.Please save your money for something more worth while."
76561198135799167,Recommended,234080,15614022,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Iron Virgin,I still play this game with the open jaw. Great graphic and challenging in some parts! LOVE IT!
76561198025022056,Not Recommended,234080,23998409,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Malaclypse MacGregor,"If you can endure the terrible game that is everything up until the ""last"" boss of the original game, then the last two levels are fine. The (REAL) last boss was fun and his stages were cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the puzzles at the epilogue levels were fun and required some thought, but the rest of the game is so mediocre and repetetive that it isn't worth it. The beginning is especially bad because of all the forced tutorials with no flow what so ever. The bosses goes from♥♥♥♥♥♥ to decent, to pretty fun and challenging. it's a mixed bag where i think it's the only part where you can't really take an objective standpoint unlike the other flaws. the first boss, however, feels like a shoddy version of a shadow of the colossus boss.The story... oh my god, the story.It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ enough said. The characters feels so unoriginal, likewise the story and its premises. in fact it is so cringeworthy that i literally stopped watching cutscenes because i was afraid there was dialogue, even if the cutscenes were generally great from a visual standpoint. In fact the aesthetic of the game is great and i felt very drawn into this world.The hidden gem of this game really is the UI. it's stylished perfectly and beautiful. i honestly think if they made a 2d game in the style of the combo-previews i would love the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta that game.There are some great stuff about this game, like puzzles, some bosses and the UI, but the terrible start, ridiculous story and just the general mediocrity of the gameplay and stages doesn't make it worth playing. Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,234080,25033977,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Super Saiyan Vegeta!,One of the most amazing Dracula/gothic stories I have ever experienced!Amazing and complex combat system!The puzzles were sometimes a little repetitive but still a lot of puzzles that fit like a glove into the plot.9/10 :)
76561198058246463,Recommended,234080,25240205,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,trololol_trolson,"The game is fairly good, but with many things to improve. I liked the story and love the artwork, specially the extra levels after the final boss. If you like games like Zelda titles, Prince of Persia, and the like, and you are also very patient, the games is good enough. I'd rate it 6 or 7 out of 10.I usually read reviews in order to find out the bad things, if you do the same, these are the bad things in this game IMO:many sections are repetitive, you just do the same thing to progress in the game. This is particularly bad with bosses, since you don't really feel the bosses are cool fights. After the first one, pretty much all the rest are the same: you whip them till they die.About the Zelda games I mentioned: there you get new weapons, you defeat bosses in new ways using your new weapons. That is what this game is missing.Also, I found utterly ridiculous that you have to beat levels to get some upgrades then go back several levels to get other upgrades. That doesn't even make sense and levels are not that cool as to say, ""ok, i don't mind going back and repeat that level because it was cool"".Also there are points where ""challenging"" is replaced by ""frustrating"", you make small simple mistakes and you have to re-do a lot of things. And it's not the ""ima git gud and beat this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ challenge to prove myself"" kind of thing, you just have to perform boring stuff all over again in penalty for small mistakes caused by serious unfairness.And finally, the controls, in many sections the controls behave in a weird way, which causes you to fail what you have to do. It puts you in disadvantage against the game, not in the ""git gud"" way, but in the ""♥♥♥♥, the control response is ♥♥♥♥ed up"" way.Overall however, if you have a good amount of patient, you can forgive these things and have a good time playing. Also, pretty brutal finishing-off moves for bosses :D"
,Recommended,234080,22978879,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tony electroni,"Amazing visuals, wonderful color palettes across a variety of different worlds. Great atmosphere. Narrated by Sean Connery."
,Recommended,234080,23062814,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,raven_rvz01,"If you are a DMC/GOW fan, you cant go wrong with this one."
76561198068636266,Not Recommended,234080,24543140,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,J0ust,"I wanted to love this game, I really did. But there are a few things that I can't overlook that just make it a chore to play and enjoy.- Fixed Camera. Ok, this is a holdover from its console heritage, and I realise it couldn't be reworked at all. It's still unforgiveable that the game will often obscure the action on-screen. If you play on the higher difficulties this becomes a big issue very quickly. Finding alternate paths is at best frustrating and at worst non existent because of it.- No lock on. WHY.- You can't remap your controller. This is more than an oversight, it's unforgiveable in a PC ""Ultimate Edition"". Which is exacerbated by the awful and unintuitive default pad layout. A third party program won't help you either because combos/QTEs obviously use the default bindings. And no, I'm not going to play a spectacle fighter on M&KB; I wouldn't play tennis with a baseball bat either.- Combos that are comprised of at most 3 buttons in different sequences.Deep.- QTEs are mandatory. The sequel apparently fixed this by having them as an optional toggle, alas not here. Who actually enjoys QTEs? You spend more time watching for button prompts than you do the on-screen action. Screw that.- When you die, the game will promptly ask you if you want to revert to the latest checkpoint. Every time. It'll also ask you to confirm your choice. Every time. And this was a superior alternative than, oh I don't know...just defaulting to the last checkpoint reached without having to verify it twice? Utterly redundant.- Set piece ""Titan"" bosses. Which look impressive but play the same every single time:1) Scale titan.2) Hang on3) Find weak point4) Button mash to destroy a weakpoint5) Dodge highly cinematic titanic arm grab dramatically6) Get thrown off because gravity7) Go to 1In other words, Titan battles are glorified QTEs which require no skill. Just patience. A lot of patience.- The script/story. I certainly wasn't expecting a gothic masterpiece, but Patrick Stewart manfully struggles with a script and dialogue that's frankly embarassing even in the context of video game writing. I can only assume/hope a lot was lost intranslation because hooboy. At one point he utters the immortal line ""I could not tell who was the prey, and who was the hunted."" I don't know about you, but where I'm from, prey and hunted are, you know,the same thingo_OIt does look gorgeous and perform well. I'll give it that. But it's not enough to save it for me. Which is a shame, because on paper this game sounded awesome. At least I picked it up on a sale, I'd be far more salty if I'd paid the usual asking price."
,Recommended,234080,33046541,Posted: 30 June,all,TýR,Excellent beautiful game.
,Recommended,234080,25283229,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Optimal,My only regret is that i havent played this sooner.Pros: Everything except what i mention in the cons.Cons: Beamwalking segments are obnoxious; HOLD R2 or RT TO HOLD ON and a pretty average story.
76561197988386849,Not Recommended,234080,25003901,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Moving_Target,"Is this even Castlevania?  It certainly doesn't feel like it.  Honestly, this feels like a gothic ""God of War"" more than anything.  If you're looking for the classic ""metroidvania"" formula, you WON'T find it in this game.  I was very disappointed.  Not because this game is terrible (I'm sure it's fine) but it's nothing like what I expect from a Castlevania game and I couldn't stand the gameplay."
76561198068396310,Recommended,234080,18191783,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[143]Lux,abosolutely love this game.
76561198039144076,Not Recommended,234080,8964525,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,thomas.kistler,"Bought it on Steam sale and wanted to play it on my PC with mouse and keyboard. I´ve just finished chapter 1. Wanted to like that game but there is a fixed camera which automatically adjusts itself. During combat the hardest fight you have is with the camera. It´s constantly changing the view means you always have to re-orientate yourself and readjust what you want to do or need to do (aim, block jump move direction). Sometimes the camera doesn´t even show you important parts of the enemy or your playing character and you can´t do anything against it yourself manually. Only do some uncontrolled movement until the camera gives you a useful view. That makes combat really annoying and time consuming.I´ve played both Darksiders and DMC, no complaints here.I will play on with the lowest  difficulty to see if at least the nice atmosphere and the nice artwork is worth my playing time.Update after 2/3 of the playthrough. Even more fascinated by the wondereful and detailed artwork and the audio specially the part from Patrick Stewart. But - Quit playing - because the game mechanics and excessive quick time events drove me insane. And you have to have a gamepad or controller. There certain actions where you have to do fast movements with the left analog stick (360 circle, zigzag). This is impossible to do with WASD on the keyboard. And not all controllers are working."
76561198001783505,Not Recommended,234080,8969344,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,masterchief117-7,"pros: story, visuals, and voice acting.Cons: crap controls, fixed cameras, little to no exploration, and too many quicktime events.I really wanted to like this game and I was expecting something similar to darksiders or god of war. Instead I got something more like resident evil 2 with quicktime events everywhere.In conclusion this game was a dissapointment and I do not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,234080,8971496,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,wulfsiege,"I bought this game on the opinions of people that I thought had similar tastes to mine. This game however, is a slow ponderous mess of bad design and boring monologues of which I just couldn't tolerate to find those gems of gameplay that apparently exist... somewhere.If you must play it, then grab it from the bottom of the bargain bin like me, so that your disappointment can be lessened.I'm going to go and play The Witcher 2 instead, for some real adventure."
76561198029356387,Not Recommended,234080,15070225,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BlueIce76,"Castlevania: Lord of Shadow is an Ultimate let down, nothing like I thought it would be. When I heard that this game was coming out, I could not wait to play it. The graphics is great I give it a 10/10 as well as the music and sound, but you can't move the cam around, your view is restriced. Most of the time I could not figure out what to due, a hint would be nice. You spend a lot of time trying to figure out what the game wants from you due to poor view. They do give you hints from time to time but other times nothing when you really need it. If you want to play a better Castlevania game, play the N64 version instead.I give this game a  3.5/10"
76561198024724742,Recommended,234080,9176650,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,goldgriffin360,"Long Time Castlevania fan here ( from back in the NES days ) and I hate to say this, but the game fell short of expectations. First of all lets get  whats good about this game out of the way. The game is gorgeous and  Mercury Steam has an amazing art team, all the enviroments  and character models have incredible detail to them, and theres is some awe inspiringly beautiful landscapes,  interiors, and buildings, all basking in impressive lighting, the game is a true sight to behold and the PC version is a big improvement to console with much better textures and resolution to show off the amazing visuals the way they should of looked. Also whats good is the Story, Its mysterious and slowly unfolds into a surprising and great conclusion with many interesting characters along the way.But, the gameplay will let you down. It rips elements from many action titles and almost in every case does those elements worse. There is large amount of God of War elements in this game including the general combat, while you forgive this to an extent concidering the main weapon of the series was a whip and the actual attacking with the whip feels more direct than the looser feel of Kratos's chain blades, other parts of the combat are ripped straight from GoW and done far worse,  including the roll dodging which has a slight delay causing you to get hit more often than you should and QTE finishers that are no where near as satisfying to look at and pull off. Other GoW elements include constant QTE's to open doors and trigger events to progress which wasnt all that great in God of War either, and beast riding where you hop onto the bigger enemies in the game to attack and use there special ability to move you further in the game, but this is one of the few element that is better than what inspired it. Then there is the blatant Shadow of the Colosus rip off with Titan battles in this game, but instead of a variety of giant creatures that had to be taken down in uniqe ways, every Titan is a copy of the first Colosus you face in SoC but is far more annoying to play as the QTE's you do to move along the titan are more finnicky than they should be. The platforming which has alway been a staple of the francise has your basic ledge,cliff and wall climbing and very basic gap jumping that you can find in thousands of other 3d action adventure games only with very little clever design to it making it super easy and not a challenge at all. Finally the puzzles leave alot to be desired, they are super simple, dont involve the usual gameplay that much, and are only a challenge when the game is vague on info on how to solve them ( usually there is a dead member of your legion that has a note on him with a clue for the puzzle ) The Dev's themselves seem to know that the puzzles were bad as they give you the option to just skip them and not do them at all at the expense of some experience points.But the worse thing about the gameplay is how tedious everything is designed to be. So many times you have a short time limit or QTE  that if you fail ( and you will plenty of times ) cause you to redo a section of a battle or backtrack to an area to retry a part of a level. Some enemies block way too often or just damage sponges taking far too many hits to kill and there are many cheap near unavoidable attack as well. There simply is no flow to the game and the tedious nature will begin to frustrate you and make the game feel like a chore to play.That being said the graphics and story will keep you pushing through to the end as the game does provide a quality  experince in that way, but if gameplay and mechanics are paramount  to you, you should pass on this, because you probably will hate it. Still a check for a recommendation because it still has some good elements to it and the jouney I believe is still worth it in the end, but if I could, I would rate the game a 3 out of 5 ( maybe 7 out of 10 ) or say buy it on sale not full price. Heres hope for a better sequel, the Demo is so promising."
76561197977060014,Recommended,234080,9049009,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,137255137255,Buy This Game
,Recommended,234080,7391627,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,JohnWick2,cool
76561198056290681,Not Recommended,234080,19215135,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Tenuriel,"If you don't own a controller do not buy this gametl;dnr : Do not buy unless on sale or if you are a sadist.---Warning-----Review contains minor Spoilers---Warning-----I bought this game recently on a steam sale because i enjoyed its sequel. Looking back now i probably wouldn't buy it again.First the good parts:* This game has a realy nice aesthetic to it and its story telling is immersive. You can feel the struggle of you hero while he spirals down into darkness.* The world is a dark and grimm place like you would expect from a world cut off to the heavens.* You can autosolve all puzzles (but you wont get exp)* Puzzles are mostly funNow the bad:The camera is fixed. Its just a cheap way to hide secrets, since most of the time you dont see the entrence of the area where you need to go. This also leads to abysmal fights since enemies are often offscreen or infront of the camera.The combat system: The whole comabt system ist balanced around not getting hit and using your two powers. One can heal you and the other one lets you deal bonus damage. But in order to use them you need to hit enemies to fill your combo bar. When full your hits produce little orbs which you can absorb into either of your power bars to fuel them. If you get hit you have to restart filling the combobar.Now what happens if you have low HP and low healingbar? Well you are quit ♥♥♥♥ed. Minibosses just love when they can onehit you and play their little 20 sec cutscene again and again. Best way to heal yourself? Here fight 5 enemies.The whole system is flawed at its core:you need to hit enemies in order to fill your powerbarsEntering in one of the power modes wont let you collect powerorbs. Gitting hit still cancels the comboSo in order to heal you need to fight, but you dont want to fight since you are low on HpThe Damage Power is mostly useless. You want the orbs for your healing power but you cant  collect them if you deal bonus damage.While timed blocking quickly fills your combo bar, many enemies have fast unblockable attacks and attack in groups, so if you block one you get hit by another one.And one of the worst things is, that late in the game you get wings which let you double jump. While this is nice to dodge stuff and usefull for a lot off puzzles they have one major flaw. If you are in healing mode and double jump then you perform a special attack draing half of your max healing power pool and blind all enemies. But bosses for example dont get blinded and most of the time you desperatly need this healing.To many unskippable cutscenes. You died? Here have this 20 sec animation of this creep again and then let him kill youThere are little deamons which steal your gear from time to time just to annoy you. But you cant even kill them to get some sort of satisfaction.A lot of charaktes are think you have the memory of a fish and need to repeat their objective for you every 10 sec. Not a surprise that you feel more reliefed than sad when they have a tragic death.to many quick time eventsWhile i beat this game on hard diffculty i did not enjoy it most of the time and just wanted to progress in the story and get it over with"
,Recommended,234080,9092894,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,outwar6010,One of the most cinematic and best games on pc period.
76561198020460733,Not Recommended,234080,22662315,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,red_johnny,"Controls on this game SUCK!  Seems to be meant for another platform, not PC.  Prime example, you have to throw a rock back at one point in the game by going around your forward, left, right and back movement controls.  W,A,S,D and it takes some time to figure out the timing and speed.  Not just that, I like to be able to control my forward view.  This game is set up to be more movie that a game."
,Not Recommended,234080,8209438,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr. Matt,"I had to force myself to complete this game. The cutscenes are great. Everything else? I hated almost everything else. The combat is a akin to God of War, except it leans more toward the Devil May Cry school of having to hit enemies a ridiculous number of times to kill them. Little skirmishes bored me to tears. The only time anything relevant happened was at the beginning of a level, when you got a fancy-looking cutscene. This game would've made a better CGI movie than a game. Also, people wanting that ""Metroidvania"" gameplay element may as well look elsewhere. There were...I believe six power-ups that I had to replay levels for because you couldn't get them the first time you visit. The entire metagame of finding these items is nothing more than the developers hiding the items as well as they possibly could. The equipment upgrades feel minor until the last one, a point long past the time I wanted to quit playing. Also, the game violates its own lore multiple times. I won't spoil how, but if you have a brain, it should be obvious if you read the vampire entries in your codex and then play the DLC (included). I only paid $10.79, but I wish someone had paid me to play this. The game was torturous. I do not recommend it at all. However, everyone seems to love it except people who liked the original games because it's not like the original games. I think it just sucks as a game in general."
76561198028404665,Recommended,234080,32235627,Posted: 7 June,all,ϟ Odin's Revenge ϟ,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!
76561198049953431,Not Recommended,234080,34528906,Posted: 27 August,all,Vaijim,"What amazing game with fantastic story and loreatmospheric levels, music and graphics !But the control is so broken and the camera angle it drive you crazy !"
,Not Recommended,234080,34093283,Posted: 7 August,all,gorankar,"I did not realize the game's primary game mechanic was quicktime events. If quicktime events are your thing, you may like this game. They are not my thing, so I don't."
,Recommended,234080,15254053,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"Not as cool as other installments in the Castlevania franchise, but still fun-ish. Some of the levels (particularly the music box level and the Dracolich boss fight) can get incredibly annoying and you'll most likely want to punch a hole in your monitor. Still though, the story is good. The combat is only slightly interesting, playing on the God of War styles, and the puzzle, while few, are decently challenging enough. Again, not the best game in the franchise, but still cool."
,Recommended,234080,33209866,Posted: 3 July,all,[SDTF2] Jacket,A good reboot to the Castlevania series.
,Not Recommended,234080,8254110,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tomse,"I'm happy that I only wasted €20 on this game.Since I'm a keyboard/mouse guy, and this game is only useful for a controller, I can't get through the boss in the tutorial.The game reeks too much of Japan produced. What can I say? I don't like Mango and the likes."
,Recommended,234080,25382425,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,"SURPRISE ♥♥♥♥♥ES, IT WAS DRACULA THE ENTIRE TIME!!!! MWAHAHAHAHAHAAA!!!11/10 would put satan in a chokehold and preach to him again."
76561198013303835,Not Recommended,234080,8480909,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Intense Ice Cream,This game is an example of awful design and bad story telling. Dont bother wasting your money.
,Recommended,234080,12705733,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"recommended. love the atmosphere. Set in the middle ages.the puzzles were incredible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no, really, they were. like prince of persia/tomb raider good.combat....meh. too much focus on the act of block/parry. whip is OP versus small enemies or enemies your size but felt useless, and was useless against anything bigger than you. no hit stun means larger foes scoff at your attacks and barrel right through your offense. offense revolves around you turtling all day waiting for a parry.story=well told.post game which is the dlc from consoles was.....well, the Forgotten One was way way way too OP. the most broken boss ever for a 3D game. Ivan Ooze is probably the most broken boss for a 2D game, but the Forgotten One here is def the most broken 3D boss ever.sub weapons=useless"
76561198083351443,Not Recommended,234080,22667508,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zerunuik,"I pray to Dark Souls every night before I go to bed. This game is not nearly as good.While this game does have some strong points, it is ultimately plagued by gameplay that I feel is very uninspired, repetitive, and heavily scripted. That is ultimately why I do not recommend this game. I wanted to like this game as I am a fan of the old-school castlevania games myself (which are quite superior)Pros:- Graphics that look good even now. . . .6 years after it has been released. They are especially good if you install the helix mod and sweetfx mod.- The game has some nice music, but the game needs to use it more often.- Combat, overall, is quite nice. If you are a god of war or DMC fan, you will enjoy it. However, I didn't like it that much as I heavliy prefer Dark Souls styled combat to this game. Level Design and Camera also makes combat worse as I will explain in a moment.- The game is prettly lengthy at 20+ hours.- Story so far is. . . . .a mixed bag for me. It doesn't complement the other elements of the game as it is a little confusing and dis-jointed. It is interesting, but it isn't flushed out enough to really take a from that I can like.Cons:- Camera: This game is the perfect example of why giving players the ability to control the camera is so important. Even if the camera is always positioned perfectly in platforming and combat (which it isn't all of the time as I am often fighting enemies off-screen) the game encourages the player to explore the level and find secrets. However, it is hard to do and painful with a camera that can't be controlled.- The level design of this game is uninspired and repetitive. First, there's a flat area where you fight monsters. Then, there's a platforming section that feels heavily scripted with the ledge-jumping and gripping mechanics that the game has. Then, more fighting in flat areas where the environment doesn't change how the fighting happens. To be fair, the game introduces a little bit of variety through giving the player new abilities, weapons, and creatures to fight a lot of the time, but that doesn't change the fact that the environments do not add any depth to the gameplay. Castlevania 4, on the other hand, had many areas where the environment greatly affected how you fought enemies, and platforming was fun and not scripted in that game. Combat and Platforming complemented each other and made the game extremely fun and varied. However, Castlevania: Lord of Shadows has bland combat and bland platforming sprinkled throughout the game. If it weren't for the good combat mechanics, I'd feel like this game would be terrible.- A lot of boss battles are just glorified Quick-Time events. I HATE quick-time events in a game. There are also times when I fight bosses where I have no idea what I'm suppose to do because the game doesn't properly communicate anything to me, and these boss fights aren't like the ""Legend of Zelda"" bosses where you have fun figuring out how to fight the bosses. You might be hanging on the side of a boss when the boss just knocks you off of him without the game giving any clear indication of how to prevent that form happening. Remember that these fights feel heavily scripted, and creativity just doesn't help when you are restricted in the scripted-style climbing that the game requires of you. To be fair, though, the bosses in the game look awesome, and it's cool climbing up their gigantic form.- The game plays terribly with keyboard and mouse. A controller is REQUIRED.Overall, I do not recommend this game. The game doesn't really have anything redeeming quality that makes it stand out and worth purchasing, and the combat and story are only decent. There isn't really anything that really ""carries"" this game and makes it better than others. It would be an good game if it didn't have the major issues that turned me off. Even if the 6 year-old graphics are impressive, visuals do NOT make a game.But even if the game is only mediocre, I'll still finish the game. I'm interseted to see where the game goes from here, and I want to make this review ""complete."""
,Not Recommended,234080,22767900,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Lorallei,"This is Castlevania in name only. A more appropriate name would be ""Assassin's  Shadows of the God of War Colossus"". Dont get this is you were looking for Castlevania, It's just not here.PS: ♥♥♥♥onami"
76561198029365491,Not Recommended,234080,25743321,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Snowbae Dreamer,"Aight so to put it simply I really didn't like this game a whole lot at all? I just have a lot of issues with just about everything, the story isn't bad by default in fact I certainly do believe that it had potential to be amazing. What lies central to the story is this moral about how love can change a person and it feels like it's trying to go for this love can make a person evil or something? The game is fond of telling you what's going on instead of showing you what's going on. The game will tell you that Gabriel has been having problems to trying to sleep but at no point during actual gameplay is this a factor or even remotely shown at all. Also why should I care about Marie, she only ever shows up to tell Gabriel ""I love you and keep going."" and that's basically it?Gameplay-wise it's just a God of War clone the gameplay isn't awful but it's also not great, it definitely favors blocking as opposed to dodge rolling, which i never got used to, that's just a personal preference i realize. The music and the voice acting itself is pretty dope, nice to listen to for sure. If you're gonna get it, get it on sale, just don't buy it full price it is not worth it whatsoever."
76561198050840909,Not Recommended,234080,23029585,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Taev,"Just recently replayed Castlevania:SOTN and saw this on sale. Really wanted to like this game because -woohoo vampires!- but I ended up so sick after just playing for 30 minutes.IF you have even the slightest bit of motion sickness when you play games, then this is not the game for you. Camera was flipping everywhere! I couldn't even look behind me to see the werewolves coming up.I might search for a mod/fix for the camera or FOV, but I definitely can't play it as it is."
,Not Recommended,234080,12418224,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"IDK why, it seems I cant get myself to love this game.I cant seem to complete one combo without dodging, AI fight pattern are too easy to predict, not much enemy variety, the quicktime event is boring, you have to complete the game and replay it a few times just to to get all the upgrades for your equipments, that static camera thingy, I hate it, the gameplay overall is mehhh.You can use keyboard and mouse if you frequently play hack and slash with it, gamepad is preferable tho.Good voice acting, good story, good visual. Still if you like casual hack and slash, I would recommend this."
76561198015583421,Recommended,234080,12791319,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nills Knillz,"Honestly this is a Castlevania as good as the original game from mid 80s. It has no open worlds like you were used in the past games but straight forward. Your Belmont looks like a superultrastrong cartoon hero from the 80s, bulky but charming in his presence, noble and dramatic like a british actor, deadly as Dracula himself.Only downside for us story nerds: the (very good) story will begin at ca the last third ofthe game :("
,Not Recommended,234080,12333136,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,❤ CayCay ❤,"It's... meh.  The controls are clunky (seriously, no mouse support?), the fixed camera angles are counter-productive, and the story segments/intermissions, though voiced by Patrick Stewart, are uninspired and badly-written.  The feedback of the hack-and-slash combat is somewhat enjoyable, but nowhere near worth its $30.00 pricetag.  I feel cheated."
76561198045575246,Not Recommended,234080,12317572,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,destro1,"I have found this game to be extremely aggravating and time consuming.  It givesa you a tutorial in the begining  but will not let you start your game over if, as you progress you decide that you don't want to play this character the way you started out but want to make changes in the way you do things. so you end up with a game that makes you continue forward weither you want to or not.  the user interface is none existent, and heaven help you if you have been away from the game for a while and can't remember how to play the toon you are screwed.  because you won't be able to access the tutorial ever again.  in short I would recommend a ""ROOT CANAL"" being done to you before I would recommend this game."
76561198060632407,Not Recommended,234080,24047358,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,keiranhowells,"I play a lot of bad games but as long as they do not take themselves to seriously or are funny then I don't mind; I will play the worst games ever as long as their is some part of it which entertains me. However this game is not fun; its nice when you finish a part as you think ""I getting closer to finishing and never having to play again"" but that is it, I hate this game with a passion and I feel like it will remain that way for years to come.The game seems to be trying to be like God of War and Prince of Persia with the Castlevania decor. The combat is not finished and needs ajustments in small numerical ways like stager points and still time during moves.The camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have been shouting about the camera for so long; you give these lovely looking area and give a nice view to see it but a terrbile view for fighting where enimies can easily hide in blindspots and then hit you from the shadows; in a game where not getting hit and hitting them to gain ""focus"" is important this is terrible games design, also your weapon. It is cool and iconic but it becomes weak, maybe you do later but at the moment it is not doing enough dmage for the enimies; its just a long duration of me slowly taking their health down while evading, if you want to be like God of War add a method for making the weapons stronger as the combos don't seem to add that much more powers; just variety. The story is okay but charaters are not to well portrayed and some are just terrible. The main's head seems a little off close up but other than him the visuals are good. Has hoping that the game got better but it doesn't and I am half way through the game at the moment.Decided that I will finish this game and I have made a great mistake in that decision.If your thinking of getting the game be carefull as even a large amount of alchohol doesn't fix it."
,Recommended,234080,30058988,Posted: 20 February,all,Sviskebisk,"good game, but the boss dlc is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,234080,8265064,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,That Gobbo,game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks holy♥♥♥♥♥♥why did i waste 10 dollars on this
76561198053923250,Not Recommended,234080,28104625,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Captain Britania,"NOT GOOD! I was finding the game difficult even on easy setting, and then i came across the lord of the lycans part 2 boss fight and never got any further. Should it be this difficult on easy mode? REALLY?This is one game i will never see the ending of. And i don't like spending good money for game i cannot possibly see the ending. It's like renting a Blueray that stops playing halfway through.Only buy if you like banging your head against a brick wall! God of War is far superior and more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,234080,22652391,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SavingPrincess,"Tight PlatformingMethodical CombatFamiliarity-based ExplorationSense of Character ProgressionEverything you love about the Igarashi-era Castlevania series...... none of which can be found here.Instead, what you get is a God-of-War-like, Quicktime Event riddled, ""Western Take"" on a truly beloved franchise.  Everything down to the feel of the ""whip"" weapon and ""kill all enemies to proceed"" gameplay elements from God of War (read: Devil May Cry) is here, and gone are the things that made Castlevania so magical.  The story takes itself seriously (a huge no-no for a great Castlevania game: ""WHAT IS A MAN!?"") and feels SO serious that there's hardly any levity or fun to be had in the narrative, let alone the gameplay.If you want to play a better version of this game, go play Darksiders, or Devil May Cry, or God of War... if you want Castlevania... well, you're just going to have to wait for Bloodstained."
,Recommended,234080,7864442,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Combustable Lemonade,"This is a hidden gem!  I bought it on sale for $10.20, however had I known about the quality and satisfying combat this game provides I would have bought it long ago for a higher price!Make sure you have yourself a wired xbox controller and you will have fun with amazing set pieces, and story!"
,Not Recommended,234080,21936760,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tek,"I want so, so, SO badly to like this game, because I'm interested in the story and the sequels. But it's just not good. The presentation and lore is great, but the gameplay is PAINFULLY mediocre. I'm talking mind numbingly boring.  I'm torn between putting the game away for a time when I find myself without internet or a job (having time to kill) or just YouTubing the cutscenes and moving on to the sequel.Pros:-Amazing visuals. It's almost at the level of Trine 2, which was a 2D game.-Interesting lore. Avenging love lost. Gothic theme. Dracula's origin story. I'm not versed in Castlevanie lore but this seems like a fine reboot of it.-All-Star voice acting. Enough said.-Journal offers bits of lore via beastiary entries and equipment descriptions, etc.-*Seemingly* long. My playtime shows the time it took to clear chapter 1. From the map screen, it seems like there's at least 9 chapters.-Out of absolutely nowhere, a little fairy appeared and showed me her boobs. This pleased me greatly.Cons:-Lacking soundscaping. The level of audio detail does not match the visual detail. For example, a big titan crushing it's fist into solid ice has no crunch to it, just a weak *whomp*.-Linear level design. Every level is a corridor. No, seriously. It's like Crash Bandicoot. I'm not kidding you. You have branching ""Y"" paths that later rejoin to the same area. Just like in Crash Bandicoot.-Simple combat. It's skill based character action, but it lacks nuance. It's not bad, but it's a total bore.-Simple platforming. Think Prince of Persia: Sands of Time, but dumbed down for 6 year olds.-Clunky controls. The game never stops showing what button you need to press to do what. The problem is that it does it for good reason. You aren't taught the basic scheme of the game via repetition. Buttons do unique things at every turn that you would have too much difficulty figuring out on your own. Climb on a big boss's arm. Hit the gem with ""B"". It's stupid that the game's still showing me tutorials, yet I'm grateful because I probably would have been lost as to what the game needs me to do. I didn't know I'm climbing to the gem to hit it. Ugh...It's just a stupidly bland game. Most of all, it doesn't feel at all like Castlevania 1. You know what does feel like Castlevania 1? Dark Souls. Go play that instead."
,Recommended,234080,1782554,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Hupples,"Konami+Kojima on Steam, 'nuff said. Play it with a Xbox 360 controller for Windows for the best results."
76561198074174199,Not Recommended,234080,26593033,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,coffdrop18,"I love the Castlevania series, I own just about all of them, and even really like some of the weaker titles in the series.  This is deffinietly one of the weaker titles.  The game play tries to copy God of War and does so poorly.  The combo system while vast is weak.  you'll find youself mostly useing the standard attacks since the longer chains leave defenceless.  A couple game play mechanics are made use of but then quickly forgotten.  On the bright side the story is at least passable."
,Recommended,234080,33250806,Posted: 4 July,all,Fiftytoo,Cool game with a cool aesthetic and cool stuff.
,Not Recommended,234080,10048169,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Oscaruzzo,Unplayable. You WILL die a thousand times right from the start.
76561197993113215,Not Recommended,234080,28586269,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,flip_isc,"Had a lot of hope for this game...  The art work is amazing, the music is very mood-setting, the enemy designs were interesting.  That said, it is a lesser version of God of War, any of which I would play again before this title.  The levels are short, which is nice, but each one is introduced by a reading from Mr. Stuart, which while good, gets tiresome when the writing is so repetitive and boring.  Level after level of ""I watch my friend, there is a darkness growing in him, enemies beware.""  If you just want a Castelvania game set to a God of War combat system (same moves and everything), go for it.  The art work, again, is amazing.  You want a solid gaming experience, you might wanna look elsewhere...In the end, and no spoilers here, there were some pretty glaring plot holes and continuity errors that left the ending a bit of a let down, that and the fact that the final fight was by far the easiest.  Then there is the DLC.  I pushed through this in the hopes that some flaws in the story would be corrected or at least explained.  Nope.  The writing got worse, the whining hero got worse, the monologuing (don't get me started on the 10 minute+ bit at the end of the primary game), but the levels got worse.  In the end, the hardest part was when they dragged out the flee-upwards-while-lave-rises-for-no reason and platform hopping schemes.  Let's not forget the multi-stage boss fight that just rehashed itself each time.  Sadly, I bought this, the DLC, the sequel and the true sequel during a sale.  So... dang... I guess I am in it fot he long-haul... hopefully it gets better before it gets any worse..."
,Not Recommended,234080,19223525,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,chicken,Console game for PC. Controls are terrible. Would not play for free.
,Recommended,234080,8483094,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,This is War 88,"One of the best beat em ups/hack n slash games ever made!. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is awesome, the boss battles are epic, the creatures you fight are just crazy. There is nothing really bad to say about this game apart from the story could be slightly better but when there's constant action and boss battles you don't really pay attetion to the story much your just thinking whats going to be next because there's always something new around the corner.  I would seriously buy this now with it being on sale. I had it for the 360 and loved every minute of it and I have yet to play the dlc on the pc. BUY IT!! you want be dissapointed. This game is not a 5/10 space boy you crazy!!!"
76561197974280160,Not Recommended,234080,12388409,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jusefina,"I thought I would love this game since I had such a good time playing God of War, but I found this to be more of a chore rather than a good time. I played this for 19 hours but just do not want to waste any more time completing it."
76561197978131107,Recommended,234080,779854,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Superbeef,"Hideo Kojima does it again! When the Belmont clan goes missing during a deep undercover mission to discover Dracula's sinister puprose, only the evil magic of the werewolves can stop the psi-plague unleashed by the brotherhood of light - intended to flush their missing Belmont agents from hiding - one of whom is the prophecy-maker reborn as a introverted bookworm. In a series of unexpected twists and turns, Dracula must teach the meaning of love to the star-child before time runs out. And while the fate of the necromancers rests on a razor's edge, the secret brotherhood works to discover that the king of darkness is actually a five-way double agent working for God. But can anyone truly be trusted? Spoiler alert!"
,Not Recommended,234080,19402181,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Huffman Dickings,"Just nothing to hold on to here. The combat is pretty limp and unresponsive. The platforming is weak. The environment is generic fanstasy. What am I playing? What am I doing here? Why is this character fighting these werewolves? I dunno, but the game keeps pretending it's important, and the magic horse says I should keep going, but there's nothing intrinsically or extrinsically interesting.To make matters worse, this game repeatedly insults your intelligence as a player and as a human being. Like a helicopter parent who got a mad case of vicarious FOMO. Open this menu NOW, throw this dart NOW, mash this button NOW.... god forbid you refuse, the game WILL NOT let you progress until you interact with the thing it wants you too. It never stops telling you to search the dead soldier or to use that heal fountain. I've never wanted to reach out and slap someone this bad before.The scenery and graphics are cool. But you know, I'd rather just look at wallpapers on my desktop than suffer through this travesty. Good thing we got refunds on steam now."
76561197987084836,Recommended,234080,9054213,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Vangerdahast,"A great reboot of a superb franchise. Good framerate, mine never dips below 50 fps, and I have a old PC, good story that clarifies Dracula's origins, good combat, good pace, the only cons is that the bad camera positioning (not always, in fact a few times). But any Castlevania fan will be pleased with this game, worth buying!"
76561198066192600,Not Recommended,234080,35288818,Posted: 29 September,all,SUPER HOT,It's for PC? Realy?
,Not Recommended,234080,9039559,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,スコロリと申します,"A poor-mans Dark Souls, good thing I didn't waste too much money on it, and neither too much time.+Interesting setting+Good music+Castlevania-Bad camera, no control over the camera-Quick Time Event's galore-No free-roaming, walking in open-air tunnels-Every two minutes a scripted event-Handholding extreme, developers think the average IQ is below 80-No freedom in skill progression, everyone has the same build in the end-Bad game-design (Difficulty stems not from good enemy AI but from limiting the player’s choice in progression and interaction with the world)Overall the game feels very scripted, narrow and corny; there is absolutely no feeling of immersion thanks to the terribly bad camera with the terribly bad FOV."
,Not Recommended,234080,29338930,Posted: 18 January,all,StorageFacilityManBoy,"A God of War clone. A Castlevania game in name only. Although, it is rendered fully in 3d, one cannot operate the camera angle so it becomes the absolutely worst enemy in the game. All the ""secrets"" are ""secrets"" only because there is no map to see the invisible walls and sudden nooks and crannys in levels, so you stumble on them accidentally. The camera doesn't help here, either.Fights tend to be tedious button smashings and the boss fights, though big and multi-layered, suffer from the camera (again), or should I say ""view point"". Oh: and of course there is no target locking, so pray those daggers choose to fly towards the enemy.There are far better Castlevania or metroidvania games out there; do not waste your time on this one. This is not even a good hack'n'slash, so maybe put your money in Devil May Crys?"
76561198012358917,Not Recommended,234080,28601274,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Diamonti,"I gave this game a fair chance, finished the whole thing on hard. I will just get it out of the way and say this is not a Castlevania game at all. It plays like a blend of God of War with some Prince of Persia thrown in. The stages are for the most part very linear with so many barriers in place I felt like I was on rails. The combat is fine, but was really the only part of the game I was able to enjoy. If you want a Castlevania game I cannot recommend this game."
76561198105509670,Not Recommended,234080,20039613,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,toot,"Brain dead gaming.an hour long tutorial, drawn out cutscenes and just a chore to play nothing at all like old school castevania games."
,Not Recommended,234080,12322441,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,mousie,This was a complete waste of money. There was absolutely nothing to like about it.
,Not Recommended,234080,9295842,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,naysayer,"♥♥♥♥♥game made by spaniards. Literally some of the worst camera-angling ever. Game is also filled with unaccessable elements, bause you ""dont have X yet"".Happy when i red that LoS2 was♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe MercurySteam can stop making games now. Well, we can only hope.1/10♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy."
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,234080,10202991,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SKINZ,Crap...
76561197998121998,Recommended,234080,18754755,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CEMEPEE,"Gabriel Belmont is out for revenge in this sweet game. Yes I know he is out to save the world from the Dark Lords...but come on now lets all be honest here...He is sad, upset, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the death of his Sweetheart. Who can blame him? Id be mad too. Its hard letting that first peice of♥♥♥♥♥go when your young."
76561198025243656,Not Recommended,234080,23134704,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Madara,"Pros:-Looks good-Interesting storyCons:-VERY annoying bossfights with ridiculuos hitpoints and ragequitting expectations from the game-Repetitive monsters-Annoying camera angles (and the camera is fixed)-Too many vombos to rememberIf you liked Darksiders, and prefer that playstyle, this game is not for you. There are probably a lot of people who like it, so if it's cheap, give it a go, but I can't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,234080,15819607,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,somanyfives,Game is straight up unplayable nonsense.  no one should ever have to play this game.  Similar to dental surgery.
76561197997323145,Not Recommended,234080,9019827,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Specterbane,"I really can't recommend this game, esspecial not at a high price tag of $30. It's not worth the frustration over stupid issues where they either played on bad controls to add difficulty or just decided to be lazy and not play test it. And given that it includes some DLC that also seems lazily made it's really kind of pathetic that this is what they put in for a reboot of such a loved franchise. I bought it on sale, and it's kind of worth it for that; except that it doesn't come with controller support native aside from Xbox controller and while the keyboard controls aren't too bad they aren't good enough not to complain.Over all it's a solid combat system that feel like God of War meets Devil May Cry, but after that it's a clumsy platformer with a fixed camera and by the end relys on the ""move fast enough on these platforms or die and start over"" mechanic (which only highlights how bad of a platformer it is) to be worth the money they're looking for."
76561198046675266,Recommended,234080,18124990,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dustin,"I've played a few Castlevania games on Nintendo (NES) so this is a new experience.At first I was confused... ""Who is this Gabriel Belmont?"" I know who Simon Belmont is but not Gabriel.The gameplay is decent. It's keyboard only so I made changes to have the number pad do things so my fingers were more spaced out. F*cking stupid console controls.The graphics, music and overall quality is amazing though, very well done and challenging!SPOILERSApparently Gabriel is a vampire hunter who later becomes Dracula, that's pretty cool, and also the grandfather of Simon Belmont.7/10"
76561198067940310,Not Recommended,234080,34064452,Posted: 6 August,all,Goat Taco~,"Played many castlevania titles, this doesn't feel like one for the next reasons:-A copy of god of war style game event smash button and hard prefixed camera, very linear, skills that you need to buy with points.-Game design doesn't look like a castlevania world, it feels kind of a spin off from Lord of the rings ambience, place, monsters, mostly everything.-What is this? Shadow of colossus on the first two chapters?-Pretty much it resumes that it follows the God of war style, in other castlevania games titles of this similarity, like Curse of darkness and lamment of innocence, they are well themed around the castlevania concept and have their style of play that really makes it feel like a castlevania game, if you want to play a game that is of this style, better get your hands on those Ps2 titles."
76561198037225777,Not Recommended,234080,8050031,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,silverdragonsound,The controls take awhile to get used to and the combat seems well unbelievable as well as uninspiring.  I would pass on this game unless you are familair with it and know you will like it.
,Not Recommended,234080,7589779,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"Castlevania, a simple cash in on a long dead franchise.  This game is terrible, beyond bad, its just absolute garbage.  This is one of those games with the most annoying gameplay elements in gaming histroy.  lets review the awful elements of this game which sadly make up the core of the game.1.  the story, dear god its all words on pages, in 2013 their all TLDR and if they dont care enough to animate it then why bother putting it in, noone cares, we want a game not a book.2.  It takes longer to restart after dying than to actually die.  This is a huge mistake in game design there are like 3-4 menus or a total of 5 steps everytime you die.  Why bother restarting the cursor is set to NO on do you want to restart, its like the devs are telling us dont bother playing this game it sucks.3.  EVERY boss fight ends in a QTE thing.  Whats worse is your not hitting button combos to challenge your skill, you watch two white circles come together and spam a random button, thats it.  If you hate QTE this has to be the worst implementation of QTE ever in a game.4.  In the first 5 minutes of the game is this water part you go in the water hands come up you die, who thought that was a good idea?  Whats after that MORE WATER with hands coming up killing you.  If you thought this was some hardcore platforming action, sadly your dead wrong.5.  cutscenes, they must be like almost EVERY 5 seconds, walk a couple seconds, CUTSCENE OUT OF EFFEN NOWHERE!  constantly over and over, just let me play the game stop interrupting.  the story cut scenes go on and on and on, theres no story there its all nothing, NOTHING, ever heard anyone talk about the awesome story in this game?  Of  course not because there isnt one, when a cut scene comes on just roll over and go to sleep and wake up when its done.  its like that old Metal gear crap with the 45 minute cut scenes, have mercy!6.  This game has a fixed camera system.  Remember how popular myst was back in what the 80s?  Well this game does the same thing, fixed camera, ugh.  what is next in castlevania a browser based text version of the game now with more seeds?This is a multimillion dollar game but its crap its not a pretty looking bargain bin game at best.  Whats worst is people in the gaming industry sit around whining all over about how they want the mainstream market.  NEWSFLASH with crap like this it aint going to happen, do they think everytime people die they want to sit through five menus?  Or every 5 seconds they need a cut scene showing the character walk into a room you just walked into?  This game is a classic example of how these whiny companies get mad and go out of business wondering why noone buys their games.  From junk play control to forced pausing of the game everytime a tutorial is on screen its terrible, its not a game if I cant play it and every ten seconds the game stops for some tutorial or longwinded story or brief cutscene.  Its thanks to games like this that the entire game industry suffers, when they suffer we suffer ending up with more junk games from the same people who know nothing about game development.  Any ten year old can and has coded games that isnt hard, making them fun and playable is an art, something this game doesnt do.  /rantRating:  0/10  Value:  $0.00"
76561197978561397,Not Recommended,234080,29234126,Posted: 13 January,all,darthBT,"Do you love QTE's that result in instant death on failure?Do you love boss battles that are nothing but QTE's?Do you love infrequent checkpoints?Do you love pointless cutscenes placed immediately after checkpoints said checkpoints?Do you love a clunky user menu that assumes the default selection is the opposite of what should be the default?Do you love have -zero- control over the camera?Then you will .... ""love"" .... this game."
,Not Recommended,234080,23832900,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DonkeyWorld,"Though I'm not recommending Lords of Shadow, it's not necessarily bad. It's just not worthy of playing when there are better titles out there in the same genre. If you've played all of those then LoS could still be worth a purchase for you.My biggest complaints are the following:1) The game feels too gimmicky. You acquire several new abilities that you'll need to progress in the game. It doesn't feel fun or clever when using the abilities. It feels like a pointless roadblock.2) The fixed camera can be extremely frustrating.3) Combat gets tiring as the game continues on. The purchased abilities pale in comparison to something like Devil May Cry. The game can be finished using primarily attack patterns purchased early in the game.4) While not bad, the music is weak compared to other Castlevania titles. None of the tracks are very memorable. And no Bloody Tears? What?5) Quick time events are...well...quick time events.The voice acting and visuals deliver a strong sense of immersion. The story is decent enough and the characters are OK but nothing that will win an award. Lords of Shadow is obviously a well liked game, but it's not something that makes my recommendation list."
,Not Recommended,234080,22773486,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,psywolfy!,"I HATE this game. I dont ever write reviews... but THIS game deserves my hate. first of all I kinda like the story only for the character likeliness to the original story other than that the actual charaters in this game are boring and  have terrible un-inspired acting. Now for gameplay i tried playing this game on the Xbox 360 when it ariginally released and decided i didnt like it then cause of how there were many other games that did the same stuff except for better ...and than a few days ago i decided to pick it up cause it was on super sale for 7.99 , instantly didnt regret it because of the price originally ...but i kept having to put up with the clunky controls and boring QTE ...it started to wear on me ...and now im just done with this game ...i am so disapointed on what konami decided to do with the castlevania francise and glad they ended the series with just 3 games (although the second game is better than this one ) ....please konami ! do something nice to this series for a change!"
,Not Recommended,234080,22869967,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pier,"Terrible game. Not worth your money even on a sale.  Even in 2010 it was already bad.Mediocre controls, bad camera, combat is unpolished, story is non existent, graphics are dated... There's is really nothing good about this game."
,Not Recommended,234080,29055522,Posted: 6 January,all,anders - afk from 12th to ???,♥♥♥♥ this game it's stupid and unfun and you have no idea what to do ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥play ♥♥♥♥ing LORDS OF SHADOWS 2 AND SKIP THIS PILE OF CRAP!
76561197967861921,Not Recommended,234080,24354972,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DustMan,"Misleading Title.Absolutely no Castlevania involved in this game.even on its own merits, a very dull linear hack n slash."
,Not Recommended,234080,24587365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Leppie_Leprechaun[US],"at a titan battle, cant use the rock to throw back at him, why does every game suck♥♥♥♥♥with there control systems"
,Recommended,234080,8476780,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),Well this is another hella good action/adventure game like Devil May Cry series with great storyline. Highly recommended since even I am enjoying it so much.Cheers!
,Not Recommended,234080,33741905,Posted: 23 July,all,SirFunky,"I will begin by admitting i love the castlevania franchise and hearing about it make a new attempt at 3D made me both excited and wary as the earlier attempts had failed remarkably. So all in all this is not the title that change that, the fixed camera makes portion of the game almost unplayable. The pore hit detection and badly designed advanced abilities makes me think that they did not design this while the different departments actually talked to each other. Over all however the blame for this mess must be laid at the feat of the game director not either listening to their QA team or the QA team being woefully incompetent. On the plus side almost no bugs and a partly engaging story."
,Not Recommended,234080,26450259,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,"This game is bogus. Horrible camera angles, boring random hack and slash game play. Nothign is refined or well done aside from graphics."
,Not Recommended,234080,18447524,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kruxxor,"I was excited to get stuck into Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - So many good things can be found on the forums and in the reviews.The combat is similar to that of God of War, you even have several 'Shadow of the Colossus'-esque boss battles. Each fight is riddled with epic bland-ness throughout.You are given the opportunity, and are reminded of this opportunity, at the end of each level, where you can spend your experience points for new combos and upgrades to combos which (For the time I played the game for) were unnecessary.The voice acting is absolutely amazing if you enjoy things below average! - The NPCs quite frequently enjoy stating the obvious every minute or so, occasionally even during combat to remind you that you're not there to fight werewolves, you're there to search for hidden purple glowing shards.The shards of which are near impossible to find due the incredible work of the camera angle hating you and your life.The music... It's so forgettable that I forgot what I was going to say about it.The story... Due to how much actually happens I will give you a snippet of the first 20 minutes of story;You play as a man gone insane due to losing his wife, to overcome your insanity your mind conjures up mythical beasts to kill.People fear you due to collateral damage you leave behind in your wake.Your weapon may only be a cross, but people can see that you are also cross, cross with life!While on the run from the peaceful settlement you just ravaged, a talking glowing pony comes to your aid, the pony says ""Lol, hop on, i'll take you to that place you want to be""Due to Gabriel being a complete psychopath he doesn't even question it - He hops straight on the back of this majestic beast and rides off, taking out several werewolves riding other, larger werewolves (Naturally).About half way to the destination that the pony said he would take you to, the pony stops and says ""Lol j/k. only taking you halfway, toodle pip!"" and it vanishes.Eventually getting to your destination you meet a goatman, which Gabriel doesn't question because Goatmen are obviously common place in a psychopaths mind.The Goatman gives him an opportunity to see his dead wife again, Gabriel jumps for joy and thinks he is strong enough to speak with the dead.Anyway, after saving his dead wife from a cieling pendulum axe he kills her, so she's now twice dead.Now on to the ratings!If Dracula is 'Excellent' andThe creature from the Black Lagoon  is 'Meh, it's alright'I would give this game a 'Bloodrayne'"
76561198049595783,Not Recommended,234080,33896482,Posted: 29 July,all,Svoa,CLOCKWORK TOWER
,Not Recommended,234080,34226762,Posted: 13 August,all,Crazyi,"Absolutely not worth 30$. I have had this for awhile and just got around to play it. If it was 10$, I would give this a thumbs up but still bash on it. However its not, and I'm just going to bash it.I really can't name anything to highlight for this game, its medicore at best. Its combat is its most solid aspect but I'd rather play Dark Souls, God of War, Darksiders, Batman Arkham, Witcher,  or nearly anything else other than this. Too much good competition to play this in my opinion.Action - medicore. I turned it to hard(as high as it let me), and rarely repeated anything but boss fights.Camera angle - If its going to be this bad, give me some control for the love of god. Biggest complaintStory - Demons are invading, your wife dies, your guild sends you to figure this♥♥♥♥♥♥outVoice Acting - medicoreLevel layout - Horrible. Its not fun traversing the landscape or using any ability I aquired. The first time I got the hook and was ready to fling about, and you hook the first thing in the room....!!... and then you slowly climb up the wall. Almost alt+f4 right there. You can slowly repel down later too!First fight I was thinking ""All right this is going to be cool"", and that rapidly faded for me. If this were cheap I could totally recommend it, but 30$ for this is a hell no for me."
,Recommended,234080,33250776,Posted: 4 July,all,Ketchups92,It's a Hideo Kojima Game
76561197970384883,Recommended,234080,26170204,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,78%
76561197974509329,Not Recommended,234080,23888481,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ecthlipsis,"I bought this game because it's been a long time since I played a God of War style game.  I have to say, it's not good.  It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of God of War with WAY more quick time events, and just plays like crap.  I totally can't recommend it to either GoW fans or Castlevania fans, as it's not a Castlevania game and it's bad for a GoW style game.  Save your money and time."
,Not Recommended,234080,7856556,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,EtoS,It's not a well polished game at all. The constant cutscenes were very annoying and took away very much from the game.
,Not Recommended,234080,28557726,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Qwar,Cool art.♥♥♥♥♥♥execution.
76561198017832961,Recommended,234080,23523993,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Luftschlag Ludwig,"Worst game i've ever played and i played the full game...buggy as ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters and boring and slow fights...DONT EVER BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,234080,25767912,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FChuck,"Not a fan. Only made it a couple of hours in before my frustration over the camera, controls and combat made me hit the uninstall button. As others have said, God of War, DMC, hack and slash clone but not a very good one IMO. If this is your play style, get it on sale for the cheap as a time killer."
76561198137385646,Not Recommended,234080,23108437,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mfletcher163,"Screw this game. Bosses are tedious, puzzles are obnoxious (to the point that you need the internet to figure out half of them) and the DLC is garbage. Camera sucks as well. The graphics the are only thing it has going for it. Stay Away."
,Not Recommended,234080,22393733,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Plaxus,"What have they done to you castlevania? Bad, even for a God of War clone. I can't even begin to explain in detail how mind numblingly boring this game is. Can't even delete save data and start over."
76561197971132691,Not Recommended,234080,34049905,Posted: 5 August,all,BOCAJ,What a frustrating piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198064189906,Not Recommended,234080,32960969,Posted: 28 June,all,nomadss1,"The controls absolutely killed any joy to be had with this games. Not a chance in playing this with the controls setup, I couldn't walk a straight line in this game at any time. Give this console port a zero they are the laziest coders that wasted everyones time porting this to PC. Thank God it came in a bundle I would have been mad as hell if this was a pc game. Don't waste your time with this till it gets a rework from real programers."
,Not Recommended,234080,28176633,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shades Jackson,"this was my drunk game, one night i played this game sober. I suddenly got an achievement that said, ""chapter 2"", and i was like, how long is this game? there was a reason i played this game drunk only. The devs pretty much said, lets make god of war, but terrible"
,Recommended,234080,12517287,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TheGingerbreadMan,Good game but not even close to the N64 Castlevania games.
76561197970530101,Not Recommended,234080,16241819,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tarsus Khan,"No mouse control. I know, I know... But using a controller with a PC isn't gaming its a monstrous sort of abomination of gaming."
76561198014092608,Not Recommended,234080,26449868,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SlapHappy140,"Wow...horrible...just...horrible. Did I mention that this game is horrible?  Dull, repetitive combat that made me want pull my eyes out (and I would've, if I hadn't fallen asleep)."
76561197972729524,Not Recommended,234080,8087619,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Perus_TC,Absolutely Horrid camera with no keyboard or mouse control for it.What a waste of money.The worst port I have ever attempted to play in 20 years.Do NOT purchase this game for any price.
,Not Recommended,234080,29877243,Posted: 12 February,all,DFCSpeck,"This was the first Castlevania game that I've played, so I'm not familiar with the world or lore.  This game tries to be an action game, a platformer, and a puzzler and generally failed to impress in any of those areas.  The graphics stand up to current standards and the game ran flawlessly, but there were a number of issues, which I'll go into with more detail.  The scenery and scale of the environment and bosses is very impressive at times.  The game took me about 21 hours to finish (including the DLC).  Boredom set in about 5-7 hours in, though, so it was a trudge.  As for some details on the problems with this game:- The camera is pretty annoying.  Its location is set to one or a few locations per room and moves abruptly.  It makes it a bit difficult to explore.  Also makes platforming very difficult at times.  There are also invisible walls everywhere, so the platforming path forward can be very tough to discern.- I didn't try to play with the keyboard and mouse, but plenty of reviewers have and it apparently it can be rage-inducing.  I went through the game with a DS4 controller, which is not natively supported (XB360 mapping).- The story and pacing is very awkward.  Very little introduction to the world and the bulk of the story occurs at the last 2/3rds of the game.  Not very engaging.- An online walk-through is pretty necessary unless you want to punish yourself.  There are alot of unintuitive puzzles and platform sections.  The game generally only provides hints when something completely new (item, skill, combo) is required to progress.There've got to be better games out there in this genre.  Doesn't help that the sequel (Lords of Shadow 2) got critically panned and then the studio broke up.  Overall I don't recommend this game unless you're a big Castlevania fan."
,Not Recommended,234080,1541345,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Eddie Spaghetti,"I was hoping this game would be like the Metrodvanias on the GBA and DS, where you're dropped in the middle of a castle and you get to explore around.Instead I got  a bunch of linear or semi-linear stages similar to the Pre-Symphony of the Night-Era.Wouldn't recommend to anyone."
,Not Recommended,234080,32992784,Posted: 29 June,all,The Mayor,"I have to lot of complaints about with this game. The gameplay was mediocre hack and slash meh nonsense with some apeing of 'Shadows of the Colossus' for the boss fights, although with none of the tension. The weapons and control just felt ok and the overly linear playing was exceptionally boring and forced. Also, why am I outside during the day? This is Castlevania, I want graveyards, I want darkness, I want angst and large, cyclopian castles full of odd angles, medusa heads, clockwork madness and death. Castlevania/2/3/Super Castlevania 4 and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night (Also there were some very good GBA games, mostly the ones by Igarashi) are important, fun, diverse games that were pleasures to play, this was just ok. I would really wait for 'Bloodstained' to come out if you want a real Castlevania game."
,Not Recommended,234080,28425359,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Anterk,"Lacking enemy variety, boring voice-harmonizing music that quickly became annoying, no interesting sounds under the music, lack of main and side weapons, clunky combat, glitchy platforming, a great number of QTEs including boss fights, a locked camera poorly set for where enemies will attack you, dull upgrades, dull story...Patrick Stewart’s voice was why I gave this game a shot, and now I wish I'd refunded it 4 hours of gameplay ago. The start was promising, but I've actually managed to have less and less fun with each hour spent. What a waste."
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,234080,32235532,Posted: 7 June,all,blood 1504,"I may at some point change my mind about this game but  the major reason I recommend against it's purchase is that it is the price its  far to expensive at almost forty dollars .  And  the use of quick time events  it seems the game developers  like the use of quick time eventsdefinitionhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quick_time_eventI  had a  problem with a quick time event in this game smaller to a problem i had with the witcher series.  where the solution to the problem was to  lower the  graphics  settings   lower than the  maker of the game would allow with the use of a mod.The basic problem was my computer was unable to generate the needed graphics For example  the press x key graphic in time before the event was processed by the computer game .The first  fight sequences  ends  when you  are able to complete a quick time event . and it looks like that is what the game developer is going to use throughout the gameI don't know about you but I hate  quick time event's   They distract you away from the games story because instead of thinking about the story in this case I am  thinking ok how many more goblins do I have to throw at the tree blocking my path before it blows u p . quick time events are the psychological equivalent Of someone  handing you a gun and telling you to  hit a bulls eye  target when  you see the red light flashes  but if you shoot at the target t before the light flashes or  any time after  an iron mallet drops down on your head to ""punish you "" for either shooting at the target to soon or to latenot an enjoyable experience ."
76561197961720594,Not Recommended,234080,26134541,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Turric4n,"this is pretty boring. boring linear level design, slow pace. boring story. i had hoped for something more interesting.first chapter boss was basically a quick time event.. yeah. i hate those."
76561198027038417,Not Recommended,234080,31759369,Posted: 14 May,all,sevenix.zp,"Okay... ♥♥♥♥ this game... The controls are the most unintuitive controls ever.1) It told me to ""Double press A to jump from cliff."" I assume that I need to hold backwards (the direction of the jump) as well, so I hold backwards and double press A, and my character just lets go and falls to his death.2) I just want to get down from a cliff because there is a ledge below me, so I hold down and press A, and my character falls down but immediately jumps back onto the cliff. WTF! After jumping up and down ~10 times I realize that for this specific jump you only press down, not down + A, because pressing A was making him jump back up on the cliff...3) I am using my chain to scale down a cliffside, and if you hold downwards past the length of the chain, he just lets the ♥♥♥♥ go and falls to his death. WTF! Most games make your character stop when you run out of ♥♥♥♥ing rope, and require you to press the jump button before you actually let the ♥♥♥♥ go... but no.. not this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥controlling garbage.I've only played this for a few hours, but I'm done. Even when you get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, the game is just bland, the main character sounds ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (enemies litterally stand there and not hit you for like 30 seconds), and the soundtrack was still pretty generic. At least the graphics are quite good...Go play Bayonetta, God of War, Devil May Cry, Dragon's Dogma, and so many other great 3D action games before you touch this game. Even if you are a Castlevania fan, this game is completely detached from other castlevania titles, so there are no reasons to play it for story..."
76561198053288629,Not Recommended,234080,34724723,Posted: 3 September,all,bhicks0,"This is not a good game!Cons: The climbing mechanics are buggy. The QTE's are on a hair trigger and unnecessarily lead to restarts. The 2.5D graphics are often so far away from the main character, that it is easy to lose track of him during jump sequences.Pros: Beautiful cut scenes, and great voice acting. The music sounds epic.My advice: Don't buy it. Watch a ""let's play"" instead. This would make a great animated movie. Let someone else suffer through the bad gameplay!"
76561197977637316,Not Recommended,234080,12603110,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Bespikey,"sorry to say it looks quite good but thats about all the good points that there are with this game.the controls are clunky and very poor for keyboard. the camera is more of a hinderance than anything.but worst of all this game is so linear it feels like you are on a train track.one of the worst games i have baught in a long time.this is the only game i have ever felt the need to make a post about, im so dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,234080,13110707,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jon,"I have played better Castlevania games on N64.The graphics are good, the controls are decent... It's the design that's so bad.The developers seem to not know the difference between ""difficult"", ""fun"", and ""wasting the player's time"".  Every section of the game seems to be designed around the fact that the developers were trying to make things more fun or more difficult, but instead just end up wasting the player's time.  In each section, there are tasks designed to probably make you have fun but instead they waste your time.You see how that works?  That previous paragraph had very little content, but it took you a longer time to read it than if I had just said ""this game wastes your time"".  That pretty much sums this game up.Here's an example:You enter a new setpiece.  The game shows you a cutscene panning around the setpiece to give you a look at the pretty graphics.  Then you have to run down the path that the cutscene just showed you, to the end where there's a cliff you jump down to block you from backtracking.  Now you fight some goblins.Ok, what was the point of the whole cutscene and path I had to walk down?  Solely to waste my time before the combat.There's also numerous sections with Prince of Persia style platforming and wall climbing.  However, there's never any danger of dying.  If you do fall, you start back instantly right before the fall - no Sands of Time necessary.  Another mechanic meant to waste your time.Then there's the combat which seems to be the meat of this game.  You get experience and use it to unlock new abilities... But they all seem so useless.  Like, I'm never going to remember to hold the right trigger in the air and input this combo.  And if I did, what good would it do me?  ""Look, I'm swinging my whip in a different fashion!  Good thing I spent that 3000 xp to get this ability.""Oh yeah, and YOU DO NOT HAVE DIRECT CONTROL OF THE CAMERA!Then there's the story... Ugh.If I had to make an analogy, I'd say the developers took everything good aboud God of War, Shadow of the Colossus, Prince of Persia, Devil May Cry, and Castlevania... and then they threw them out and made a game from the leftovers in an attempt to cash in on a franchise that hasn't had a hit entry since 1997 (the 2D castlevania games on portables were fantastic but I wouldn't call them hits).So, to reiterrate:  I've played better Castlevania games on N64.  And I'm not kidding.  The version of Castlevania 64 where you played as a werewolf was so super rad compared to this!"
76561198018694890,Not Recommended,234080,23937222,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Thane of Norway,"The opening was ok, but when i came to the first boss it became obvious that this is a copy of SOTC. and not a good one."
76561197993167643,Not Recommended,234080,12659957,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Palor,"This is my first Castlevania Game. It was recommended by a friend because I liked Darksiders 2 so much. The gameplay is similar but although I tried to find the game enjoyable, it was not. This starts with the whiny main character Gabriel who mourns over his loss of his wife. He acts more or less selfish and I was tempted to shout at him like: Get over your loss and act as a grown man!  Gabriel is part of an ""templar"" order to fight evil and to help the poor and weak, but the during the few moments you see any civilian he does not act like a hero. For me he sees the civilians just like nuissances.From time to time a comrade of the same order (who is also the narrator (spoken by Patrick Stewart) of the episode beginnings) appears and helps Gabriel out. Why couldn't I play this guy who acts more like a hero?For some extras you could visit the former areas if you got the equipment to reach the chests. But you have to fight through the same monsters again to reach the locations which is quite boring for me so I totally skipped this later on. This could be important for the higher difficulty levels, but due to the very very weak story with no enjoyable ""sidestories"" it must be a major pain. The same is valid for the challenges you can get for every level by completing a task (like: kill 20 monsters with grenades), but you find out about the task by pure luck or after you played a level when the challenge will be mentioned on the summary screen.The fighting is quite okay and with the 4 special items (like daggers, butterflies,...) quite versatile.So if you like fighting a la Devil May Cry, Darksiders,... without any good story and without a likable hero with some puzzles, the game is for you. If you look for a good story, charismatic characters you have to play something else."
,Not Recommended,234080,33702756,Posted: 21 July,all,PurpleRavenX11,"It didn't take very long to realize just how disappointing this game was going to be. I admit I had pretty high hopes, being a fan of the series, the genre, and the aesthetic, but before even the introductory level was halfway over I was already frustrated with the camera and the controls.The gamepad controls feel all backwards, especially ""use"" and ""dodge"" being on the trigger buttons, and it would take so much practice to get properly aquainted with the bizzare control scheme the game honestly didn't hold me long enough to get there.The marjority of the difficulty comes not from gameplay but from the camera, which is constantly locked at the most inconvienant angle the developers could find. There's also a heavy reliance on the character being agile, with timed events, dodges, and parries being integral, but the controls simply aren't responsive enough and the character regularly fails to execute those maneuvers - which makes the boss fights, which often demand them, especially frustrating.The combat in general is not at all balanced: most enemies are so underpowered that they might as well not be there, to the point that just mashing the attack buttons at random pretty much kills everything (even the enemies that you didn't know were there because the camera angle was hiding them); meanwhile, larger eneimes are generally unjustifiably punishing - one-hit kills and traping/stunlocking moves abound among the higher-tier enemies and bosses.There are also mounted levels, but you'll wish there weren't. Which sorta works out, since the riding mechanics are so poor they decided to have you be on the ground for most of them anyway.Finally, the menus, meant to simulate the pages of a book, are clunky and annoying because of poor design and the painfully long animations between them, and the majority of the story is told by rote narration over slowly scrolling text which, though the voice acting is rather good, is so slow and drawn-out that you get tired of listening to it very quickly.There's potential with the story and the design, but the execution overall is just frustrating and unengaging. Pretty much every time the game offered me something new, my response was, ""ok, that's a thing, but can we just be done with it now?"""
,Not Recommended,234080,26276567,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,matt060784,"Really too linear and uninteresting level design. It's so repetitive and some quests are so boring to achieve that they should have been removed from the final version of the game!!! I haven't taken any pleasure at all to achieve quite a lot of them. Such a pity because the universe is fantastic, the graphics are quite good, the characters are charismatic and the bosses are awesome! I gave up trying to finish that game though, I wanted to but I just don't have the strength to keep on playing those boring riddles and going through those levels. I don't recommend it for the gamplay becomes too tedious after the first levels."
,Not Recommended,234080,28238526,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,God of bore.
,Recommended,234080,26522836,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pastyness,aasdfad
76561198064537541,Not Recommended,234080,23532714,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Thoughtsinflight,garbage tier game. I can't believe it has so many positive reviews. Combat is clunky and the game pulls control away from the player every 2 minutes.
76561198029256999,Not Recommended,234080,22652649,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,The Messenger,"Sure, sure. you can look at my in-game time. i know it's not alot. But I played the heck out of other castlevania games before, and this... is NOT a castlevania game.It's a random hack'nslash game with poor and fixated camera angles and stage selection... Oh, and it's called ''castlevania'' and made by konami.A real castlevania game feels like a metroid game. Exploration, anopen worldwhere you choose when to go where (given you have the needed equipment). Not just some... stage selector map... that's bogus man.I'll update my review as I play the game... If I ever get around to actually playing it again, I guess"
76561197971682417,Not Recommended,234080,32734636,Posted: 24 June,all,Big McLarge Huge,"QTEs and boring, unsatisfying combat. Can't play anymore."
,Not Recommended,234080,33950554,Posted: 1 August,all,Aphyxia,"Not a good Castlevania, not a good game at all."
,Not Recommended,234080,7741266,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,That Guy,graphics are bad . the cutsceens all constant and dont have AA . it was a good idea but konami didnt make it it was some euro company called mercury steam (no relation to valve) . and you know its bad when mercury steam said they wont make another one past the sequel . if you dont have a controller dont bother buying it .
,Not Recommended,234080,34039919,Posted: 5 August,all,Aaron,"This is among the worst games I've played, and here's a breakdown as to why:- There is no health regen, or regular healing sources. You get a well every now and then, but they're rare and leave you running around with barely any health while you're trying to make your way to the next one.- It has checkpoints. Normally, not bad for a game, but when you add in a lack of health sources AND stupid controls, you end up dying often and sent ages back to try to repeat what you'd already done.- The combat is repetitive and clunky. You just spin around like a ballerina, trying to hit what you can, but if you try to dodge or jump out of the way of an enemy it's slow and clunky.- The game expects you to just know what everything is. I left it alone for a while, came back a few months later, and when I got poisoned it said ""use your light"". Great, what button is that? Too many cases where you're in desperate need of a button to press but it won't tell you which.- Quicktime events. There are loads and they're not fluid in battle.- Enemies are just impossible. I just tried to fight a pig and the game made it clear that I should use it to ram the door. Except the pig never rams. It just runs at me and hits me when I try to jump out of the way. There's no way to dodge it, it just hits you and repeats. If you have to look up guides on these things, your game isn't built in a logical way. Same with those damn goblins and their bombs; you have to throw their bombs at a door to blow it up, but you either end up throwing them, or throwing the bomb the other way.- Tiny corridor maps. Inbetween bosses are these thin, twisty ""maps"" where you just run along a path, jump a few gaps, solve a weak ""puzzle"", and the level is over. Next level, same♥♥♥♥♥♥- Fixed camera angles. You don't get to control where you look, so you have to deal with just peering at your character at some funny angle from miles away while he fights.- Stupidly long animations. Most times you pick up loot or open doors quickly. But sometimes, it wants you to join in, like the fun in the game is smashing a button to just open a door. To break a totem, I had to put my whip on it, then keep pressing up and down before it finally broke. That is not the interaction needed for a game. That's just time wasting.Maybe I've just been so used to good hack and slash games, like Darksiders, but this game is so weak that I don't actually know why I bought it."
,Not Recommended,234080,28711131,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bobbleplx,Wtf why did anyone even like this game it's♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy it
76561198054023535,Not Recommended,234080,12691373,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"Played about 19 hours and gave up.  I didn't like how the overall game played, because just like the 80's you still are able to move only from right to left of the picture and visa versa.  Being that we are well into the 21st century it should be up to speed with other graphics and gameplay, and not a complete throwback to yesteryear."
,Not Recommended,234080,29684347,Posted: 3 February,all,Agent Cythera,ew no
,Not Recommended,234080,26286517,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,Feels like a PS1/PS2 era game with updated graphics. Bad combat mixed with restrictive views and crappy puzzle minigames and a plot I could seriously care less about.
76561198084163629,Not Recommended,234080,23562981,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Off Worlder,"Bought the game, tried starting it and it just continuiously tries to launch itself. Never succeeds. Tried the different advice in forums, never helped, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,234080,33626232,Posted: 18 July,all,㋡ ルイス,"I started playing this game without any knowledge of its age and whatnot.So at first I was really forgiving when it comes to gameplay,i was like ""Well it's propably about the same age as the first God of War Games, of course the gameplay can't be that good""but I got so annoyed, that I couldn't go on and by accident came across the release date.Batman Arkham Asylum is older even than the Playstation release of this game xDBut I'll stop right there and only say this:If you've played for example the new Batman series and/or if you've played the Witcher series and/or if you've played the Darksiders seriesand enjoyed those games for their story and also for their gameplay,well - do not touch this one - this one sucks♥♥♥♥♥The gameplay is ridiculously bad!The reaction of dodging and blocking is the worst, compared to the Batman series.The camera angles are blocking the view, so a lot of times you don't see what needs to be seen, especially during combat.Right from the start, this game is nothing but slow and repetitive and nervewrecking.The graphics are also outdated (yes i know it's a Playstation port - they could have updated it)But you know, I recently played really old games like Max Payne 1 and I really enjoyed graphics, story and gameplay,but this one it simply aged very very very fast and very very badly.I can not recommend it."
76561198160272882,Not Recommended,234080,33433955,Posted: 10 July,all,Hornet,"Welp, game is S H I T E  because :1- Tries to emulate Shadow of the Colossus battles, ends up being bull2- Voice acting of main character is insanely subpar3- Hate the ""levels"" feel over the one big world, dark souls style4- Gameplay is subpar, block, evade, x, y I've all seen this crap in other games5- Hack and slash is not a good gameplay type for CastlevaniaAll in all, one of the worst 6 bucks I've spent. Graphics are pretty good though, that's it's only saving grace"
76561197988006619,Not Recommended,234080,33507441,Posted: 13 July,all,Tanya,"if this is ""PC God of War"" then PC Gaming is in really bad shape."
,Not Recommended,234080,25914054,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spice Must Flow,"Terrible game, even worse DLC, and you've got♥♥♥♥♥♥taste if you enjoy it."
76561198023279911,Recommended,234080,9754933,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,simplebadness,"The best non 2d Cstlevania,I think."
76561198036962737,Recommended,234080,9706815,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,SaintLewis,"I have finished it and while the game is not great it is still pretty good. If you love supernatural stuff then you might want to check this out. I wanted to know the story, how it will play out and it was very interesting. The platforming aspect of this game is ok, but the problem that everyone pointed out is the camera view point, At times it is kinda bad, but I understand why they did it. Sometimes items are hidden from view this way. The combat is pretty good, but it was terrible for me at the very last end boss of the DLC Ressurection. The problem was that after you jump, you can't turn mid air. You can't even block while jumping.That was my most frustrating moment of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, because I died alot and so will you.So I recommend this game, you might enjoy it,"
,Not Recommended,234080,9700912,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,reversethedevil,"I really tried to like it. Maybe I'll come back to it. On the plus side I like the story, the graphics are pretty good. I just hate the way the combat feels. You have to spend most of your time in the air juggling enemies or you can't get more than a few hits out at a time. It feels like a god or war game done, but the controls just aren't as tight.I do like that levels are replayable with new powers. I'm going to recommend devil may cry over this one if you have to choose. The enemy designs are impressive. I just never feel much like I'm doing any real damage to them, even when I am."
,Recommended,234080,7595938,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,RickoB,Bom jogo. Pecou por não ter músicas épicas e o enredo fica chato no final mas recomendo sim e que venha a continuação!
,Recommended,234080,9729843,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Synthalisk,10/10 Worth playing. Forgotten One OP
76561198092002878,Recommended,234080,9730527,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Trulyy,A ♥♥♥♥ing Epic adventure. Would reccomend to action fans. 8/10
,Not Recommended,234080,9885571,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,MrMellao,"Terrivle! Jogo muito chato.Voce tem que ficar pulando sem sentido, nao controla a camera e as lutas sao chatas demais, a historia 'e pessima cheia de furos....Talves a unica coisa que salve seja a batalha com os BOSS ... mas eu escolheria um melhor jeito de gastar as 20 horas que esse jogo demanda"
76561197971750651,Recommended,234080,9887394,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Wiener Dog U,"I loved this game. The storyline is great, I can't wait to play the second one."
,Recommended,234080,10643376,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Seira Phim,"While I've not beaten it yet, I have found it enjoyable so far.  The music is excelant as is the voice acting.  I find myself wanting to play more just to see more of the story."
,Recommended,234080,10473195,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,[l<.u.ř.Ø_J.Φ.l<.a.r],"It is not the most cutting edge conversion, but Lords of Shadow is the best action-adventure game in recent years. Maybe a little late, but Castlevania: Lord of Shadow has finally arrived on PC. A solid port that looks sharp and runs smoothly on modern PCs. The dissapoint about this is that the original game remains mostly untouched and there is a liitle awkward camera positioning, inaccurate platforming and pacing issues may turn some people off though."
,Recommended,234080,10538421,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,artiepassos,"Yeah. Lords of Shadow is definitely a different kind of Castlevania.Far more serious than the previously 3D games which failed miserably to bring a Castlevania atmosphere.I'm not claiming that the previous games were bad, but they failed where Lords of Shadow made a point.The atmosphere is far more linear and didn't have the level up system which made Castlevania a brutal RPG. But in fact I liked the way the history is told and rebooted. I think that MercurySteam did a fine job bringing a new chapter in the Belmont family roots and the plot twist. Mind Blowing.The gameplay is well paced, fluent and the boss battles somewhat repetitive, but mostly epic nevertheless. The character progress is beliaveble and gaves an idea what a true Belmont is made of.It's a fine game to play and I Clearly enjoyed better than it's predecessor.""I am Dracul!"" --- 9/10~~~Arth"
76561198003888260,Recommended,234080,10405944,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,nomad,"In my opinion this is an amazing game, despite the negative reviews that it got when it first came out. I recently played it for the second time and I gotta say, I enjoyed it better. The puzzles are great, with the option to unlock, if you get stuck, if you got the experience to do so. People complaining about the fixed camera and invisible walls obviously have no clue about games like God of War, Legacy of Kain:Defience or Dante's Inferno etc.; they should stick to 3rd person games. The visuals are breathtaking, staying side to side with games today. Good animation, great voice acting and a good plot. Also the fighting mechanics are good, putting your reflexes to test. I don't know about staying true to the Castlevania games, but this,  I found a very good game. I most certanley recommand if you like action/adventure games or hack and slash, call it what you like."
,Recommended,234080,10399070,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Omeron,"the start of the game was kind of boring, but it gets much better. the story is pretty good, the combat starts off boring but gets good when you start getting magic and more upgrades, and the dlc is actually a really awesome segway into the second game. this is a reboot to the castlevania series so feel free to start here without knowing anything about the other games."
,Recommended,234080,10589926,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Maximaverick,"Really enjoyable, great for either a ""quick"" session or for longer."
76561198007863819,Recommended,234080,10728537,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Blughuh99,A mediocre game for a great series.
76561198024833045,Recommended,234080,8053406,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Samsara Tiger,Really enjoying this game far better on the PC then on Xbox. The controls seemed tweeked and just seemt to flow a lot better. Love the story so far. Looking forward to completing so can continue the story with the sequel coming out.  GREAT GAME !!
,Recommended,234080,7945182,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Starlike Idiot,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow was not a game I was expecting to fall in love with. Designed as a reboot of the original Castlevania, this game does that and so much more. The fast paced combat system is very similar to Devil May Cry. However, you'll need some better tactics to overcome your foes. The story, narrated entirely by Patrick Stewart, was pretty darn good with it's fair share of twists. The environments are stunning, and probably my favorite part of the game. My only complaint is that the game tends to railroad you along with tricks you'll only need to use once. Overall, this game was very nostalgic of my power-collecting youth, and I am very happy with it."
76561198051435638,Recommended,234080,7946774,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jabba the Cunt,Rivals the best known Hack n Slash games. 10/10.
76561198104807807,Recommended,234080,8153674,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,GMints,"I didn't know much about this game when I bought it, but I couldn't turn down a Castlevania game with such a low price tag; boy am I glad I got this!  While a little repetitive at times, this game is a lot of fun and has a lot of replay value (for those completionists out there).  The many combos allow you to tackle fighting in whichever way you prefer and allows for some variety.  The storyline for this game is also amazing!"
76561198018134785,Recommended,234080,10306683,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,earthprime163,"Incredible game that beats every expectation.  I played this first on the 360 and got the Steam version for the enhanced graphics.  The gameplay is fun, but the story and epic music arrangement make this a standout hit.  The story is deep and mature, on the level of 'Witcher'.  Once I beat the game I immediately purchased Mirror of Fate and am eager to get Shadows 2 to watch how the epic ends."
,Not Recommended,234080,10307189,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Apathy,"The glory days of Castlevania are gone it seems.To start. This game LOOKS great. but it just doesn't play well.Combat is difficult (not in the challenging way), repeatitive, and unrewarding.Movement, whether that be when you're trying to attack an enemy or manuver through a level is attrocious.The CAMERA can dictate where you go. Walking around a corner and the camera will move and your direction will change involuntarily. THIS IS TERRIBLE DESIGN!It takes the idea of revisting areas for upgrades and rewards, but executes them poorly.The game is needlessly difficult. I'm an avid Dark Souls veteran and this game on normal difficulty had me pulling my hair out.  Cheap AI. Troublesome controls just make you want to smash your head into the monitor. Completely hamstrings the pace of the game.Wait for it to go on sale if you must sate your curiousity for this one."
76561197987027629,Recommended,234080,10298270,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Monolith,"I love the graphics in this game as well as the game play, always a Castlevania fan!"
,Recommended,234080,10353766,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Norriven,"Gabriel, a paladin of the Brotherhood, seeks to end earth's seemingly hopeless end of days scenario by slaying the Lords of Shadow.Fight lycanthropes, vampires, giant trolls, and many other mythical creatures.Combat is identical to God of War with very similar combos and control.The music is superb and (when not eradicating hell spawn) worth taking the time to listen and appreciate.Voice acting is clear and overall decent, with Sir Patrick Stewart providing monologue before each level.Boss battles are gargantuan in proportions requiring precision timing or memorization, often challenging.Replayability is extremely high due to the myriad of hidden upgrades and the need to revisit levels for trials and unreachables.Coming into the game expecting castle after castle, the varying environment was a pleasant surprise.Mastery between the use of light and dark energy will keep you alive and allow bursts of damage accurately.The DLC serves as an epilogue to explain the events preceeding Lords of Shadow 2, though the content itself was not as enjoyable as the primary game.The DLC final boss is unreasonably difficult as if it were from Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,234080,10352887,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Orglebrash Devourer of Kittens,"First off, would like to say that I am not judging this game in comparison to other Castlevania games.  I played a few hours of one on the ps2, but that about sums up my Castlevania experience.Pros: Beautiful game.  Absolutely gorgeous.  Voice acting done well, I don't know any names, but I've heard people mention Patrick Stewart.Cons: Everything else.  This game was just...not that entertaining.  The combat felt repetative, easily cheesed (grab small enemy, quick time event to smash small enemy, wash and repeat 50 more times).  The bosses were challenging, not because they were well designed, but because of the awkward combat system.  Oh, and did I mention the boss that looks like a giant statue that you climb up and strike repeatedly at weak points...does that remind you of any other game *cough*shadowofthecollosus*cough*.I'm a huge fan of SoTC, but this ripoff was just blatent, and frankly with the system they made for it.  Then imagine my surprise when the boss after that one was...ANOTHER GIANT STATUE THAT YOU CLIMBED AND STABBED WEAK POINTS!  They didn't even have the courtesy to make this one a different shape.All in all, a quite sad game.  The concept was there, it really was.  It was poorly executed however.  My recommendation: try the demo first.  It might be for you.  It wasn't for me, however."
,Recommended,234080,10332501,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"(I used an Xbox 360 controller to play this game so any notes on the controlls will be referenced in that configuration)Generic mechanics are generic but still..the story, setting, level design and the fact that Patrick Stewart voices one of the main characters more than makes up for it.If you're a Castlevania fan then you'll appreciate the story more than anything and perhaps enjoy the little throwbacks to the old style games when the camera switches to a side-scrolling type view. The camera is my main gripe about this game, for a Third-Person action oriented game i would of expected full control over the camera but you get none at all here.The camera angles are fixed resident evil style angles for the most part, switching when you walk around a corner. when it comes to action the camera is fixed for a wide view of the battlefield, this makes comabt difficult in that if an enemy is off screen and is about to attack you'll have a hard time dodging or blocking which is unnacceptable when the game's focus mechanic requires that you NOT take a hit.Combat is pretty generic in terms of an action game but it's still more varied and advanced than the old side-scrollers. you have your two basic buttons for attack, (X) is your single target focus attack and (Y) is your area focused attacks, they do less damage but hit ALL enemies within range of it.you can dodge and block, timing your block correctly opens up your enemy for a counter-attack, it's pretty standard stuff here, save for the light/shadow magic system (Light replenishing your health per hit landed and shadow increasing your damage)The combat isn't where this game shines, it's fun but it gets repetative not only due to limit upgrade options and only one weapon but the enemies are recycled over and over and you just get tired of fighting the same thing over and over again, if i wanted that then i would of hopped on to an MMO instead..The story is where it shines and for an older game the graphics hold up well, while i LOVE Patrick Stewart in this game as the voice of Zobek i can't say the same for Robert Carlyle who voices the main character Gabriel. While i love the guy as an actor in general, his portrayal of gabriel just makes the man feel devoid of any personality and emotion (Which isn't the case with Gabriel, if you pay attention to the story he is supposed to be full of emotion, all be it negative emotion but it's stilll emotion)All in all i'd give this game an 8/10. it looses points for the main character feeling kind of robotic and the combat being repetative with recycled enemies. the story, the platforming and puzzle sections an the graphics more than make up for it, plus the soundtrack is epic."
76561197994506322,Recommended,234080,9803966,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,LamerGamer,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Ultimate Edition is the complete edition of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, a dark and vivid new re-imagining of the Castlevania mythology. It is the end of days and ungodly powers isolate the Earth. The world's alliance with the heavens has been threatened by a dark and malevolent force - the mysterious Lords of Shadow. Across this shattered land, the souls of the dead wander unable to find peace, whilst creatures of evil wreak chaos and death upon the living.Gabriel Belmont is a member of the Brotherhood of Light, an elite group of holy knights who protect and defend the innocent against the supernatural. His beloved wife was brutally murdered by the evil forces of darkness and her soul trapped for eternity. Neither living nor dead she realizes the horrific truth of what is at stake and guides Gabriel to his destiny and hopefully salvation for the world.Reverie – DLCReverie marks a return to the game’s climactic castle setting as Gabriel seeks to assist the recently-slain vampire Queen’s hand maiden. The download spans three stages, and offers a breath-taking twist to the game’s plotResurrection – DLCResurrection, which itself follows on from the completed Reverie, lays bare the fate of both Gabriel and the Belmont clan. Gabriel must battle an evil demon known only as ‘The Forgotten One’ that has broken loose of its ancient chains.These new DLC levels provides a stunning finale to KONAMI’s epic tale of death, betrayal and redemption – with ‘The Forgotten One’ intent on destroying mankind, and only Gabriel standing between it and its goal..."
76561197999821450,Recommended,234080,9805191,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Chester,Want to play this game!  Love the lore and history!  Big fan of the IP!  Tried and get nauseous from the camera shifting and sudden angle changes... :(
,Not Recommended,234080,9789141,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,RiKx,"Massively flawed gameplay mechanics quickly tarnish this. All the elements for a good game are there just poorly executed and pieced together in a incongruous manner. Painful, tedius, aggrevating, confusing are adjectives you would use consistently play LOS. I suggest avoiding unless you borrow it to try and get on with it - the first chapter should give you an idea of the horrors to come."
76561198078578404,Recommended,234080,9068768,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shoujo,You get to fight an Ice Titan.8/10
76561198055688394,Not Recommended,234080,9810844,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,ZiotheBlack,"As a staunch pc gamer, I can't  believe I am writing this:  This game, while fun, is an inferior port of a superior console game.  Everything is up to par except one thing (the one thing that arguably needs to be the most on-spot): controls.  This game is not designed for any sort of reasonable input from a keyboard.  If I had be warned beforehand by, oh say, STEAM, that I needed to go out of my way to buy a controller, I would have skipped it.  But instead, I now have an unplayable game sitting in my library and a future $20+ purchase to make.  Thanks guys."
,Recommended,234080,9812995,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Atreya,"nice and refreshing restart to the castlevania franchise, interesting twists and turns around every corner along with puzzles to test your wits. great game"
,Not Recommended,234080,9647478,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Nathan,This game sucks♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,234080,9613411,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Fonso,"I was really excited about this game, but it just isn't fun.The problem is that it tries to combine a platformer and a spectacle fighter, but doesn't fully commit to either. So in the end the platforming sections are tedious and combat sections are lackluster, resulting in an overall bland experience.Stay clear of this game and play Tomb Raider or Devil May Cry instead."
76561197994636580,Recommended,234080,7382009,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,oxycontin,One of the best games iv played last two years
,Recommended,234080,8350825,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,*f@CE,"This  game is awesome. The combat is so fun and the levels are amazing. Did I mention it is narrated by Patrick Stewart?!!! No really it is. Also includes Jason Isaacs (The Patriot and Harry Potter), Robert Carlyle(Trainspotting,28 weeks later), and Natascha McElhone (Ronin and Californication).This game is epic ! If you are an adventure fan then this is for you.  You will travel many different realms fighting anything from giants,trolls,beasts and vampires etc...."
76561197972718439,Recommended,234080,8450255,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ravenz67,Excellent game!!!  Don't hesitate to buy.  I am really impressed so far and the story is very engrossing.  You'll want to keep playing just 5 more minutes.......
76561197973263488,Recommended,234080,8469151,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Amethystos,Awesome
76561198028247589,Recommended,234080,8469770,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,♂BOY NEXT DOOR♂,"Being a longtime Castlevania fanatic, I approached this title with a bit of caution. However, Mercury Steam/Climax studios have done a FANTASTIC job with this game. If you enjoyed games such as God of War and Devil May Cry, Castlevania:LOS follows the same basic gameplay mechanics but with a strong dose of vampires, ghouls, and big-as-hell bosses. So, if you're into those sort of things, then this one's for you. 8/10"
76561198005907490,Not Recommended,234080,8471675,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Oggy,"I have played this game for 15 mins and can tell you that it has no place on a PC. It's entire combat system is based on a console controller. Unless you have one, don't bother buys this product."
76561198006656040,Recommended,234080,8481865,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,silverdragon57,"Excellent PC port, runs super smooth, and loads of fun, enjoyed it more on PC than on consoles"
,Recommended,234080,8053190,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Metalic Wombat Dace,"Very different from your traditional Castlevania games, think more along the lines of God of War in terms of game play. Lots of great things with this game and sadly lots of bad things as well. The game does look great, enviroments are amazing and varied the bosses and monsters all look fantastic. Voice acting is great, the story is delivered in short story form before you start each level read out by Patrick Stewart...a different approach to the story but still good, and the story it's self is good not the greatest but still good. Gone are the giant castle full of various rooms and monsters (Which are not as varied as most Castlevania games and just go from small trolls to big trolls to bigger trolls and the same with almost any monster in the game) and is now just chapters with stages (Between 3-8 levels in each one) they can be revisted any time for upgrades you might have missed earlier ( Generally not worth the trouble though) Levels as I said look great but are VERY linear, there is no real freedom, it's progress forwards and thats it and doesn't leave more for exploring which is a shame. Gameplay is pretty good, you get a huge range of spells and abilities that are eady to use with some practice, controls are pretty good for the most part (Few hic ups with the Xbox controller but few and far between) The biggest draw back with the game is Quick time events........the plauge everything and I do mean everything, from killing a small monster to opening doors. Boss battles become frustrating after all the effort you put in just to boil down to 9 quick time events which if you lose in any of them you have to start all over again!!!! It really is a huge draw back for the game and breaks the pacing of the game when you feel like you're doing great to be stopped by a quick time event because it's the only way to kill the monster. Quick time events on the levers are just irritating and really no one should be asked to spend 15 seconds to open a door.............Other than that I'd give the game a 7/10"
76561197990548443,Recommended,234080,8075656,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Ahksar,"Great game, beautiful scenarios and interesting takes on creatures. Although the game is not Canon (Those who finish it will quickly learn that) it is an awesome game in its own right. A classic story with a simple but compelling plot, definitely recommended for all fans and newcomers."
76561198106659214,Recommended,234080,8062238,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,dritter1,"Being an NES / SNES junkie back in the day, Castlevania kinda slipped though my gaming experience. I did play 1 & 2 but don't remember the SNES version.  So, when I heard there was a new Castlevania, I was in! I originally purchased it for my XBOX360, but because I travel alot for work, I have it on steam now.I found the game play takes a bit of getting used to....at least it did for me. There are lots of combo's that can be added as the game progresses and trying to remember them all...well its a challenge. The game becomes more of a button masher with followed failure if you don't remember some key moves to fend of the more powerfull foes.  I found myself consulting the in game menu to aid me in remember the combo's.  The controls aren't bad for movement. It can be cumbersome at times, but this is due to the camera angles. It just takes some getting used to.The graphics, level design and character design is nice.  I enjoyed the graphical experience more than the actual game I think lol.  Beautifuly done.  The sounds in the environments are great as well to help aid in the overall experience. Some elements could've been better (some close ups were pixelated a bit on both the PC and XBOX version), but overall done well.The replay value is there if you play the entire game first  and complete every challenge at a later date.  I did a complete play though to get a feel for the game and then picked off at the challeneges and secrets that are available. After that however, I lost interest quickly.As a whole, it's a good game. Not something that everyone might like, but for a ""Re-boot"" of the franchise, it does well."
76561198035461472,Recommended,234080,8062829,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,KlumsyK,Markus I think you will like this one a lot
,Recommended,234080,8062957,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Hotspurr,"I originally pre-ordered this game on PS3, and have now played it on PC with the DLC included. First, for those of you have already played it, the DLC adds another 2-3 hours of gameplay. The graphics look great and the game runs at a better framerate than its console counterparts. The DLC has not received as much care as the main game. The first DLC chapter is puzzle based, and though the puzzles are interesting some of them are needless and frustrating. The second DLC is some platforming and a rather frustrating boss battle. The boss itself is very cool but fighting him becomes tedious in the later stages, and I honestly recommend switching the game to EASY mode just to get through the fight. Bottom line, $10 is the right price to get this game at if you are wanting to replay it.For those of you have never played this game, the best thing this game has going for it is the art direction. It will absorb you into the Castlevania world and you'll care about the story and the characters, and eveything looks great. If you're a fan of the fantasy genre, this is the game for you. The story in this game is non-generic and is filled with a lot of care and attention to detail to bring the world to life. The game is LONG by action game standard (15 hrs for the main story), and there is incentive to replay chapters as certain skills you acquire during the game open up new areas to access.The combat system is Devil-May-Cry-esque, and is generally quite fun. There are things to unlock and special abilities to learn, so new things are constantly getting thrown to prevent you from getting bored. Enemies are extremely varied, and have special strategies required to defeat them. Boss battles are for the most part well done, some occuring on grand scales (think Shadow of the Collosus). There are also lots of very clever puzzles in this game, which may require a piece of paper and pen to visualize and solve quickly. But if you don't feel like solving them, you can opt to have the solution. There is a lot of platforming as well, and it is done rather well to break up the action sequences. It's not going to be as good as some of the tomb raider or prince of persia games, but it has its place.A few gripes I have with this game are the invisible walls. They drive me nuts as I like to look for secrets and often you try to go to a certain area only to be met with an invisible wall you can't go past. Second, is the game is a bit too liberal with the checkpoint system, and lets you play rather carelessly. I guess you won't get frustrated as much as a result. Finally, I would have liked to have an extra weapon or two aside from the whip/chain to add some depth to the combat system (this is being adressed in the sequel).Overal this game is around a 9/10 for me. I would add that the sequel is releasing in Feb and hopes to improve the game in every way. Is this game worth $30 for newcomers? I would definitely say yes. As someone who played it twice now, I had just as much fun going through it a second time as I did the first."
76561198028885758,Recommended,234080,8063497,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,tmdeitz,I love this game it is grate!!
76561198041469344,Recommended,234080,7477208,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,DragonCrestPC,"Incredible art style, puzzles and design. With a mix of God of War with RPG elements this game is a must buy."
76561198027842405,Recommended,234080,8015296,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Cyberdemon,"This is the PC's God of War, an excellent (long but never boring) beat em up with a lot of jumping, quick time events and riddles that make you use your brain later in the game (you can unlock the solutions). It's not a stellar game but it bleeds quality all over the place.The story is great (with a what the eff moment after the credits roll in) and even better gameplay, but not everything is well executed. For example the camera. I just hated it, made me die numerous times and sometimes it zooms too far out and expects you to play while your character is just a tiny speck. While movement is only as good as the camera, the controls are fine with a controller and forget about playing the game with mouse and keyboard. It's possible but just don't.I found myself liking the story, the main character is bad a** and doesn't speak unless it's absolutely necessary, making some moments really epic. There is some backtracking to previous levels if you want to pick up powerups you missed the first time.Graphics are... fine. While the game runs @1080p with AA the pixels are huge. Especially in cut scenes on hair and similar fine objects. I bet it's because this is a console port and the assets are 720p but it's nothing gamebreaking unless you're an elitist.As someone who doesn't usually play this genre I really enjoyed this title and give it a thumbs up. Cheers."
,Recommended,234080,8288255,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Misterlsn,So far so good - the graphics (minus the cut scenes) are incredible and it's an easy game to pick up and play (requires XBOX controller - not good for mouse/keyboard)
,Not Recommended,234080,8294389,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Verez,"This game should really say that it NEEDS a controller, and not just that it's compatible. If anything it's the keyboard that's compatible, but barely - I couldn't play it for more than 10 minutes. I might change my mind on this if I purchase a controller to play the game but at the moment, I cannot reccomend this for game such a terrible port of the controls."
76561197999982568,Recommended,234080,8129682,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Skank,"Fantastic game, all the way through. True to the early spirit of Castlevania, and incredibly goth on a visual level. Most of the puzzles are fun and the combat system's responsive with plenty of moves. Long levels with lots of secrets too. Definitely worth the money if you've ever been a Castlevania fan."
76561198019550477,Recommended,234080,10917674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rarzor,"I quite liked the story and the levels felt very cinematic.  A good action RPG, though I feel there were too many air combo upgrades when it wasn't a frequent option to air combo a lot of guys.  Much less mashy than God of War or Devil May Cry.  Sub weapons were well integrated.  The DLC final boss is quite hard if you don't look up some strats before hand.  For some reason, there is no health / mana well before you fight him on the last level so you have to go rebeat some other level in order to refill - dumb.  Patrick stewart doing the naration is juicy."
76561197993190210,Recommended,234080,11368589,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Zeldabedabomb,One of the best Castlevania games I have played in a long time! Gripping story..awesome yet simplistic combat and a suspensful ending... Definitely recommend!!
76561198069466833,Recommended,234080,11334126,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,sreeves77,"this game is amazing great action gameplay, great story and its landscape is beautiful great game"
76561198103432288,Recommended,234080,11375800,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Crab Nuggets,"Castlevania: Lords of shadow has to be one of the best games of the Castlevaina series. Visually the game is amazing with great graphics and scenic design, the one thing that stands out to me is the unforgettable soundtrack. We first get introduced to Gabriel Belmont, a member of a bortherhood of light. He has been put on a holy task to defeat the darklords of this world but he also has his own quest of revenge on his poor lovers death Marie. You will encounter many vile creatures through out the game such as vampires, werewolves, skeletons and much more.  Also I wont spoil it but there is some pretty amazing bosses sectionsI very much enjoyed this game and one of my all time favourites. I give it  9/10 rating. This game would be great for someone who likes playing close combat with some challenging puzzle soving."
,Recommended,234080,11812227,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,NohevaMortti,"As a Castlevania fanboy, I loved this game.It has it all: A whip, knives & holy water, monsters,  castles and Dracula, though we never fight him.It's not like Symphony of the Night, where you have ""open"" world to explore.As many think SOTN is all there is, I can understand the ""this is not Castlevania""-hate.It's more of an offspring to Super Castlevania and Rondo of Blood, which have more linear level design.I'm sure gamers who still remember the beginnings of the series will enjoy the game more.The game takes some ideas from other recent action titles, and at the beginning it's still looking for its own identity.At some points I feel like I'm playing Prince of Persia =) But I think it finds the Castlevania within after a while.Fighting mechanics are not something traditional to series, but I think it's necessary and a good upgrade.During my 30h+ playthrough I never got tired of kicking some monster butt.If you enjoy a challenge, do not hesitate to start this game on hard-difficulty.Pros:+ Breathtaking scenery+ Sound & music+ Cool combat+ Awesome and tough boss battles, which end in a very satisfying kill+ Long lasting campaign+ Feels like CastlevaniaCons:- Titan battles- Some sudden deaths and poorly considered quick time events- Camera- DLC lacks content and has unnecessarily unfair last fight =)- Last gen texture quality and antialiaising"
,Recommended,234080,11606832,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,miniL,"Great story for the game and I think the combat is also entertaining though challenging at times.However the puzzles are often annoying as hell due to the movement.Often only a few ways to move in, but rather than going straight you have to switch between 2 directions every second.Also makes jumping in the right direction really annoying.Best option is no doubt a controller which makes movement a lot better!"
76561198127232632,Recommended,234080,12175176,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mrgeniusa,"The first game(besides the free SMB) I had to have for my NES, back in 1987, was the original Castlevania. Both were purchased at the same time actually. And I've been a Castlevania freak ever since. This one is by far the best one I've played(out of all the ones there's ever been basically). But I haven't played the 2 newer ones yet. I can't wait to see how badass they are too."
,Recommended,234080,12184493,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Koffen,"Great remake of the Castlevania series, I do however found out rather quickly that you need a controler to play the game or you will find the game unplayable."
76561198049193018,Recommended,234080,12187514,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Koala XS,Soundtrack 10/10 just as expected from a Castlevania gameGraphics 9/10 it's a beautiful game i just didn't like the dark parts but i put up with themStory 8/10 an epic tale about Gabriel doing typical Castlevania type thingsOverall 9/10 definately worth the buy
76561197965432874,Recommended,234080,12181004,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,killfassil,"I think it's a great game with a lot of presonnality. Beautiful graphics and music, strong ambiance. Gameplay is more precise, less visceral than God Of War in the same genre. I recommand playing it in higher difficulty setting to enjoy it better.Probably the best aspect of the game is the variety of the locations you'll visit. All of them feel special and it's a trip you'll remember.On a side note, DLCs are a joke. A not so good one."
76561198090726728,Recommended,234080,12183412,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,[RD]Razr_redice,"great game but the dlc is such♥♥♥♥♥♥and annoying and i mean annoying. last last boss is just not worth the time and effort, so glories till they made somrthing un-be-fitting. i enjoy a challange but the fun just disapated after a while of doing the same dam thing over and over"
76561198026284595,Not Recommended,234080,12023566,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,NotSure,Enjoyable at  the first levels  it gets boring and repetitive. Story is very thin and 08/15 and the combat is all about button smashing in certaIin sequences ....some Bosses are very easy while some =specially the 3 phase  werewolf boss = are unforgivingand an indicator  for hand/wristpains.For me it just lasted till that point ...then iwas like to hell with it. i wanna enjoy a game ...not win the controller olympics.5 outta 10
76561198079853487,Recommended,234080,6935058,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,B.H. (BR),Clássico....Bem no estilo da série...Uma das poucas franquias antigas q n conseguiram cagar ainda X_X
76561198047872130,Recommended,234080,12032853,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Ammy,you should get this game dark souls is easy compared to this title and then you should pick up the second lord of shadows.great story and who dosnt want to play as the mighty dracula.
76561197962092054,Recommended,234080,12064158,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,TheRedComet,Port review:60fps 1080p and various graphical options - +1Keyboard controls are possible but stiffy. controller mandatory - -1Game review:Beautiful graphics and design - levels are breathtaking. - +1Story is well written and the narration is done by patrick stewart - +1Gameplay has it's ups and down:Combat is solid and challenging. Puzzles are ok but not annoying. - +1Boss battles are great with the exception of the QTE rich titan battles (3 of those) - -14/6 - worth getting now.
,Recommended,234080,7040956,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Sir Dikkels,One of the best caslevania games i have ever played. Not like the originals. All i can say is try it out for the epicness and beautiful gameplay this masterpiece has to offer.
76561198022932471,Recommended,234080,11677326,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,dog_funtom,"One of very few games that I actually completed. And not only completed, but in normal mode! (Though did one level in easy, but replayed in normal later too). And then completed both DLCs.At first it may feel too repetitive/hard and it doen't look like there is many content to discover. But bear few chapters and you'll see how it starts to progress nearly exponentially: plot, enemies, combos, weapons, upgrades, landscapes; there is ton of them to discover."
,Not Recommended,234080,11892254,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Malice of Fear,"This game commits every gaming sin possible. Quicktime events and button mashing are not good game design and the Shadow of the Colossus enemies lack all of the creativity and wonderment of SotC. LoS is literally button mashing, quicktime events, and terrible puzzles. Putting a stone in a glowing statue and then rotating it slightly is not a puzzle it is a task. In SotC you have to find out how to weaken the giant beast, find the weak point, hurt it, then find another. Here you just dodge an attack or two, do some quicktime events, follow a linear path up the beast and hurt the blatently obvious weak spot. And worst of all, CUTSCENES DURING THE BOSS BATTLE, LITERALLY IN THE MIDDLE OF A FIGHT THERE WAS A CUTSCENE THEN YOU CONTINUE. The fact this game got high scores, was generally well recieved, and was given a sequel is deplorable. This perpetuates bad game design as being good enough if you make enough money. I can't get into the story with this level of terrible gameplay, if the story is so good make it a movie or a book, don't give me this garbage."
,Recommended,234080,12013631,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ENder,"Interesting story and great visual elements. Super terrible camera, pooly executed combat, does not respect your time at ALL."
,Recommended,234080,12109919,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,radekb,"Pros:+ combat system+ neat puzzles+ level design+ story+ graphics+ cutscenesCons:- last two chapters (DLC included with Ultimate Edition) is about twice as hard as the main game, you'll need a lot of patience...- checkpoints can be frustrating sometimesOverall it's a great, moody slasher. It took me about 35 hrs to finish the main game + DLC on Knight difficulty (hardest you can select on first playthrough). Enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,234080,9657345,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,hotmeco,Great music and fantastic art direction.
,Recommended,234080,9569624,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Night,This game is one of the most best games out there that is vampire and the story is amazing on how Gabrial becomes a vampire and how he is deceived by one of the botherhood his journey. As a God loving Christen hat's vampires and lycans and how he believe it's a death curse to anyone how is set out to kill the devil himself. I gave this game a 100% review get because it's one of hell off a game now the only thing i didnt like is there is no restart in game options but other then that I would have to say hell ya !
,Recommended,234080,9583783,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mr.White,"Not the best of it's genre but rather a mix of various games (GOW, Uncharted, Shadow of the Colossus ...) that results in a quite enjoyable game"
,Recommended,234080,9556071,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Tomas Mackar,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11n9Q_N6Q9wCastlevania: Lords of Shadow will hurt you, talk down to you and generally ♥♥♥♥♥ slap you around, but it will also delight, entertain and satisfy you if you want it to.At it's core you could be forgiven for claiming that Lords of Shadow is a straight up God of War clone. I would be lying if I said I didn't jump at the chance to play it on PC due to God of Wars PS3 exclusive status. But although it does give you all the elements of the God of War series that made it so successful, brutal combat, quicktime events and gigantic boss battles, LoS stands out as it's own beast.Presentation wise, the game boasts some pretty impressive vocal talent. If Patrick Stewart and Robert Carlyle weren't enough, the rest of the voice cast throw in some heartfelt and talent rich performances. There's also a small role for Lucius Malfoy himself, Jason Isaacs. The creators really pulled all of their talent gathering weight when it came to getting some recognisable actors on board. The dialogue is overall fine and fits within the setting and lore, but can falter a little on occasion. But a great orchestral soundtrack and epic setting help pull it through those moments. The world itself is huge and glorious, and the game treats you to some truly epic vistas as you travel through its realms. Unfortunately the fixed camera has not been freed up from the console version of the game. So the same issues with awkward camera angles obscuring enemies or platforms are still present. This does frustrate as well when so much hard work has clearly been put into the creation of this world, but what you can see and explore always feels limited some what. As far as the graphical improvement from the console version to the Ultimate edition, nothing much seems to have been changed other than the increased resolution. On occasion the improved resolution actually shows up some low res textures and points out a few flaws in the character design, but for the most part it is an improvement. On close inspection the character design is already showing it's age somewhat, but at a distance works well, and some of the monsters in the game are truly inspired.Lords of Shadow throws a good mix of gameplay at you. Sure for the most part you'll be dashing around in combat, but it forces you to mix up that combat and utlilise different tactics for different enemies. If you plan on just button mashing you wont go very far and you have to make good use of the different attacks, secondary and special attacks you unlock as you work your way through the game. There are plenty of puzzles as well to break up the action, which offer you rewards on completion, though there's always an option to skip these puzzles if you're more concerned with getting back to the action. Some of these puzzles will have you genuinely perplexed for a while, but I never came across any game breaking puzzles that couldn't be worked out by scouring the area for clues.A good job is done with the storyline which succeeds in providing some emotional pull, but towards the climax does get a little bit preachy. It certainly leaves you with a sense of expectation though and sets things up very well for the upcoming Lords of Shadow 2. The two DLC chapters are also bundled with the Ultimate Edition, which give you more of the same gameplay, whilst introducing you to a new playable character and filling in the gaps between this game and the sequel.There's no doubting that Lords of Shadow - Ultimate Edition is an improvement on the original version, if not a huge improvement. But if you never played the original version, this is a great introduction to the Castlevania universe and is definitely an experience worth having."
76561197993219223,Not Recommended,234080,9622580,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,DrGodzilla,Still trying to beat this one. Not because it's hard but because of how not fun or creative it is. People have said it's a bad God of War ripoff and despite the fact that so many people make that arguement it doesn't make it any less true. I keep finding myself thinking about playing it but every time I go to press play my mouse jumps up to a better game and I play that instead. Even if it is on super sale for a dollar don't buy it. Don't even steal it because just the time it takes to download is a ripoff. Go play one of the good Castlevanias that are actually a Castlevania game instead.
76561198028285407,Recommended,234080,9836369,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Console Survivor,Another quick time event masterpiece.
,Recommended,234080,9837395,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Nanabuns,"Great music, voice acting and graphics, but... this is not a Castlevania game. I would describe it as God of War meets Castlevania and Assassin's Creed. I am a bit disappointed as Castelvania fan, but the game itself is very fun and very-refined in pretty much every aspect, so I am still going to recommend it. If I were to find some flaws, I would say this game is a bit repetitive and it relies too much on QTE."
,Recommended,234080,9605957,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Abbo,classic action with good gameplay and great story!!! u can't play castlevania 2 without this!!
,Recommended,234080,9608471,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,lfcazambuja,Excelllent game! Chapter 14 boss fight is epic!
76561198040924327,Recommended,234080,9800837,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,disturbeds_disciple,"Overall an excellent addition to the Castlevania series. Cinematics are impressive in both scale and graphics, and combat feels fluid even when using the keyboard controls. Story is solid throughout, and challenges encourage replaying of levels. DLC adds some additional development to Gabriel's fate after the end of the main story, and is challenging. If you enjoyed God of War or Dante's Inferno, you'll feel right at home."
76561197970793271,Not Recommended,234080,9801759,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,fpsjunkie,Uninspired God of War clone that combines an almost adequate combat system with a camera that loves to get stuck inside walls. Factor in the cost of a replacement controller if you're trying to decide if this is worth buying.
,Recommended,234080,9081867,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,LoreMasher,"Amazing Vampire Style game, must have"
76561198022418595,Recommended,234080,9082565,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,"If you like God of War or Devil may cry, you will like this game."
,Recommended,234080,9084863,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KhAS,"Play it, if only to listen to the soothing sound of Patrick Stewart's voice."
,Recommended,234080,8024676,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Haven's Cross,"Simply fantastic! The story, the atmosphere, the gameplay. ""Castlevania - LoS"" is worth every coin! A ""must have"" for every fan of the Castlevania saga. Masterpiece! Can't wait until LoS 2."
76561198017436199,Recommended,234080,8935702,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Cyclone,Awesome game.  Played it originally on PS3.  Had to pick it up on the Steam sale so I could play it again.
76561197964176686,Recommended,234080,8938450,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Don Newman,Way better than expected
76561198032929789,Not Recommended,234080,8941150,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,joey_monroe,"Painfully obvious it was a console port. Controls are goofy, while you can remap them it still doesn't feel right. The camera is a constat nuisance. POV is lacking, and no map in some of the more open areas like the swamp towards the beginning are a bit frustrating.Overall it kind of soured me as a fan of Castlevania's original games."
,Recommended,234080,9150712,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,je`Luded`kr,Great game overall that does not get enough credit as many feel it is a rip off of many titles it borrows its mechanics from. Once you over look the hurdle of any game borrowing mechanics from another it is rich and deep with story telling/Gameplay/Cut scenes and a sense of immersed artwork as you go through the chapters. Highly reccomend giving it a try as it will also have plenty of replayability.
76561198063014313,Recommended,234080,9150937,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Squirrel Winchester,
76561198044631029,Recommended,234080,9151042,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,trénipZ,Runs smoothly. Finally I can finish the game before I buy 2.
,Not Recommended,234080,9153742,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Final Dandy,I'm 3 hours in and have yet to kill a single Dracula.
,Recommended,234080,9133505,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shiny and Chrome,"Lords of Shadow is a great game. It has great combat with tons of skills to learn and master. It has fantastic voice acting and a truly engrossing story. It has beautiful visuals and runs wonderfully. There are a very minimal amount of bugs. I once got flung up into the air and hung from an invisible ledge, but this only happened once, in one area on my second playthrough. Apart from that it's a technically solid, fun, romp through a twisted tale of deceit, revenge, and redemption. My knowledge of Castlevania is limited to this game and Symphony of The Night, but I believe this game can stand proudly as part of the Castlevania series."
,Recommended,234080,8268356,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,alpha4175,"This is a very good slasher from last generation, now we have conversion for PC. Very good conversion, visual game quality and optimalization is pretty nice, but movies not look so good ;) This is a long game 30h for one run + all dlc. Gamepad strongly reccomended. I'm love it! This is not God Of War but game is great! ^^"
76561198039886222,Not Recommended,234080,9040255,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kalohi,"not ment for computer, controls are horrid"
,Recommended,234080,9040539,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Unknown_Slave™,This game far bet my expectations of it.Takes a little getting used to the combat style but it doesnt beat you down for your weakness.
76561198043356212,Recommended,234080,9040674,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Dux,"Castlevania: LoS is a very mediocre reboot for the Castlevania series. Even though the game is beautiful and the last quarter of game (including the DLC) is fun; the tedium and repetition out weigh any of the games redeeming features. The QTE's, the stunning a large creature so you can ride them only to break open something, the wall climbing, the boss fights were you do chip damage until they are stunned so you can actually hurt them, and the puzzles (even having to complete puzzles to complete other puzzles) are just too often and not enjoyable after the first couple of hours. That leads to LoS's biggest problem; the length of the game. Easily half of what you play is either unnecessary (as in its hours before you are fighting the lords of shadows or even seeing a vampire) or just there to pad time repeating the few game mechanics so the game isnt ""short"". I would only recommend Castlevania: LoS to die hard fans that want to see what becomes of the very first vampire hunter."
76561197998334938,Recommended,234080,9040822,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ugh666,"Fun game that makes good use of my new xbox controller for pc.A lot more buttons to keep pushing than im used to :-)Sofar one ""big"" bossfight but alot of the game left"
76561198046233820,Recommended,234080,9040968,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Daddo,"Awesome game, Awesome Graphics."
,Recommended,234080,9041082,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BluesElwoo,"I was surprised by how much fun I have had with this game! It isn't a Castlevania game.  Its more of a Devil May Cry type of game. The combos are fun and all have thier purpose.  I have beaten it on the hardest initialy playable difficulty, and plan on comming back to beat it on the newly unlocked Paladin difficulty! The fixed camera gives it kind of an oldschool feel, and I really liked that.  Total recommendation!"
,Not Recommended,234080,9041294,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,redwizard000,"Yeah I got tired of this game after about 42 minutes... Just cutscene, endurance round, cutscene, endurance round. I think there might be more cutscenes than actual action. Sometimes they let you walk a few feet by yourself before triggering another small cutscene followed by an endurance round. I think it is to hold the small attention span of console gamers... Not to mention that the keyboard controls are horrendous - a game pad is pretty much required. You also have no control over the camera so if there is an enemy behind you or to the far side of you you are screwed."
76561198072218718,Recommended,234080,9041720,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,DayZ Me Rollin,"♥♥♥♥ing beutiful, only con is the camera angle 10/10"
,Recommended,234080,9042384,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Zipporah,"Having given this a good spin on the PS3 when it first came out I picked it up at a bargain price to play on PC. It's just as fun! Gabriel is awesome, the voice acting is fantastic and I enjoy the boss fights most of all. This is just a good quality fun game to play and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys this type of RPG."
76561197970040506,Recommended,234080,9042451,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,KID A,"While the keyboard controls are about as abysmal as it gets, the game nevertheless has a certain flair. Clear recommendation, provided it is currently in the bargain bin."
,Recommended,234080,6964892,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Lobmofn,"While not everyone seems to enjoy this one, I personally did. I know, it borrows some ideas from other games but honestly, it does it justice. It's a VERY nice game with sweet, fluid gameplay and awesome visuals and not to mention IMPRESSIVE (and sometimes annoying) bosses. Really, this one is worth the buy.At least, I think so."
76561198038489803,Not Recommended,234080,21430131,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ATATATAATATATAATATATAATATATAATAT,"Bizarre controls, bad camera angle, I didn't know what I expected but I don't reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198117909355,Not Recommended,234080,21305933,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,peter.d.wray,Probably fun on an XBox or with a console controller.  It is that kind of game.
,Recommended,234080,21297341,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Enkidu,"Excellent game, good storyline, great replay value."
,Not Recommended,234080,21268601,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,fenrir_wolf8,"this game just makes my pc froze somehow, the graphics keep running, rain falling and everything, it the game itself refuses to respond to commands totally, and sometimes it doesn't even let me switch windows, to even see the task manager and kill the game, so I have to restart the pc, completely unplayeable"
,Recommended,234080,23903086,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GeilerGelber,Great Hack'n slay with awesome story and nice characters. The only thing I didn't like were some of the riddles because one could only solve them by trial-and-error.
,Recommended,234080,23870705,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,NYCspartan (so shiny!....),Played it because I respect the franchise. But there are far better castlevanias out there.
,Recommended,234080,7993849,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Arukādo,A fantastic reboot of the Castlevania series!
76561197972376168,Recommended,234080,23804017,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,freakmanultra,I have played this game on the Xbox 360 when it first came out and it was ok. Now I'm playing this game on the PC and love it. Graphics are awesome. Gameplay is a god of war hack-n-slash with wall climbing simmular to Uncharted.
76561198143390685,Recommended,234080,30807945,Posted: 28 March,all,pianogrinder,"Love it. I own Lords of shadows 1 and 2. Both are very well done with great stories, interactions in the environment, and super combat. Both games are great and a must have for castlevainia players everywhere. Who would have thought that Patrick Stewart (a.k.a Jean Luc Piccard from Star Trek TNG) would voice LOS 1. These 2 games are keepers. Top notch games all the way."
76561198154713398,Recommended,234080,23878648,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cybertech345,Great game. runs smooth excellent story line and combat. Just alot of fun :)
76561198046096805,Recommended,234080,23475023,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Plesiore,"I finished this game a few times now and I am still loving it.So first of: This is no classic Castlevania. As you maybe took from the screenshots this game takes place in a 3D enviroment and you can choose the diffrent stages in a world map / chapter screen.But this game does not need to be a classic Castlevania. It tries to revive the the franchise, it starts an entire new timeline.So lets get to the gameplay: You use only one main weapon throughout the entire game but you will get upgrades for it  from time to time. Additionally you will acquire 4 sub weapons while playing through the game and to types of magic you can  (and will) use in combat. One will buff your attack strength and one will heal you every time you hit an enemy.Each killed enemy will grant you XP but they are not used to level up like you would imagine. You use them to buy new combos (or concept arts). All of this (and the possibility to block / parry / dodge) and a challenging enemy design build up a simple to use difficult to learn combat system.I will not spoiler any detail about the story but I will say that the last cinematic shocked me (not counting the to DLC chapters) and makes every effort throught the game's story worth it.Finally I would really recommend this game to any Castlevania Fan, Hack'n'slay lovers and story obsessed gamers as it provides a great storyline, great combat system, great music and a great new beginning for a Castlevania timeline.When else do you get the chance to play chess with a vampire? ^^"
,Recommended,234080,15996737,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Murderlol,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a reboot of the Castlevania series, re-telling the origin of the series'  main antagonists and protagonists. It's a third person action adventure game with a heavy emphasis on timing, combos & QTE's (Quick Time Events). It's a completely linear game with no multiplayer, but does have some replayability.It's a solid action game with a fairly long campaign with a pretty good story that offers decent replayability. There's no multiplayer but with a huge amount of chapters mixed with individual levels, each with secret items (many of which require items acquired later on), you'll be revisiting many levels later on if you want to experience everything the game has to offer. The DLC's that come with the Ultimate Edition are quite short and honestly not great, but they work as a bridge to tie together the stories of the first and second games (as well as Mirror of Fate). Whether you're a fan of Castlevania or just of games like this in general, this is an overall solid action game that anyone can enjoy."
76561198256238297,Recommended,234080,23316070,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Misute,"Good hack and slash with stunning graphics (the backgrounds are jaw-dropping) and a story simple yet beautiful.Only bad thing I could say about this game is that the camera angles sometimes are a real pain in the a**.The game tells us a tale, long past, of a man who would willingly sacrifice everything he is, for revenge, for love.A hero that would fall into the darkest abyss, for a legend to be born."
76561198034824906,Recommended,234080,22681837,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,trancemobile,"Looks great, graphics are far out, music is awesome and the over all game is fun. For a RPG without any turn style right joy stick options, it takes away the ability to see all around you as most turn based rpg's go. In this game it's a big downfall. Too long to rank up in between needed places and game times of better weapons and abilities without staying in one spot to overgain enough credits to do so. Beyond that, it's a fun Castlevania release. Even though as you get further to the end, it kinda gets lame, half the time you cant even breathe.."
,Recommended,234080,23975077,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GDPanda,"Just finished the main game and DLC that comes with the Ultimate Edition.This is pretty much God of War, but better, b/c vampires are awesome to kill.I've always been a big fan of this franchise, and even after slogging through all their other 3D entries, I still love the series. The N64 and PS2 entrants are more than enough to make most folks give up on a non-side-scrolling entrant for the series being any good, but I think they got it right modeling this after GoW.The stroy is damn good, and that silky CPT Picard narration is the icing on the cake, for sure. Controls can be a bit squishy, but I think anyone comming from Dark Souls would say that about any game. Boss fights and environments are pure epic, and the puzzels aren't too maddening (plus you can just spend coins to unlock them if you get stuck, or... you know, youtube it). I've got to say the platforming leaves something to be desired, as it mostly just feels punishing due to the afore mentioned rough controls, but the brutal combat and feeling of accomplishment as you gain more power-ups makes up for it to me.The game also encourages you to revisit previous zones to collect more power-ups that were locked behind previously locked areas due to not having specific abilities, much like the earlier metroid-vania style entrants, so that's a nice nod to the past.Overall, this game as aged well IMO, and is worth the price of entry when on sale, for sure.Would murder demons again/10"
,Recommended,234080,7711710,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Hellspawn,"One of the best hack & slash in this generation. Gorgeous visuals, haunting yet beautiful score, tight gameplay, even better combat system, and more. Art design is amazing, voice acting as well. Game's only flaw is the camera, could use some improvement."
,Recommended,234080,7952127,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,psykomantis2772,Extremely suprised at how well done this game is. I had a blast playing it. If you like Castlevania you will like this
76561198024709747,Recommended,234080,7954415,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,paul-h1971,this is suprisingly well ported game
76561198077701946,Recommended,234080,13913924,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,BlueBoxMoon,8/10
76561198017567874,Recommended,234080,13872880,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Decoyed,Pros-Good Graphics-Good Voice Acting-Good Puzzles-Above average combat-Above average story-Fun and interesting boss fights-Good musicCons-Quick time events......and lots of them.  Detracts from enjoying the otherwise excellent cutscenes.-Tried to do the lame 'go back to previous levels for item upgrades you can't access without another certain upgrade' thing for replayability.  I skipped doing that though and it wasn't that big of an impact.-Lame cutscene style in the DLC (last 2 chapters).  But the story they told was still interesting.Overall I recommend the game.  I enjoyed the story and story and had fun.
,Recommended,234080,13862438,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,xgrett,"I love the Castlevania games, i started with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and i've been hooked ever since. The only ones i haven't beaten are the games that were created kinda the same style as this but for the PS2 (Lament of Innocence and Curse of Darkness). The games i have beaten are Symphony of the Night (PS1) Aria of Sorrow, Circle of the Moon, Harmony of Dissonance (GBA) Dawn of Sorrow, Portrait of Ruin, Order of Ecclesia (NDS) and finally Lords of Shadow and Lords of Shadow 2 (PC/Xbox/PS3). The Castlevania games are my favorite games by far, and i highly reccomend playing any of them."
76561198059554190,Recommended,234080,13340084,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,heather2k7,Very fun game of what i played so far. Just be nice if changing some of the commands where a lil bit ezer.
76561198139343888,Not Recommended,234080,13381302,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,papillion.aero,I can't play it. it can not control moving
,Recommended,234080,13374563,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"Highly enjoyable. The amount of combat, platforming, and puzzles make the game very fun. The game itself is very reminscent of the original Castlevania games. Some puzzles seem forced/tediously long and some encounters are just unneeded (the Chupacabras that steal your items and you must go find them to progress).Each mission has its own challenge, usually involving a test of endurance or other skill (complete puzzle in X moves), which gives each mission an added replay, with replays also required for obtaining life/mana gems and larger inventory quantities. Each mission is a separate level, so its easy to go back and forth, and completion is only required for story progression.One serious problem with this game is the number of QTEs you are exposed to. Grapple attacks have a QTE element, which penalize you for failure. Boss fights are replete with QTEs. Also I was confused how the QTE worked at first, as the concentric circles was not clear at the start.Regardless of the QTEs, I had a lot of fun playing this game.Pros:- Great soundtrack.- Fantastic levels- Great story, a bit cliche, but still epic.- Satisfying combat. Very DMC-esque.- Some funpuzzles (one of the DLC ones is fill in the blank with a chessboard).Cons:- Chupacabras encounters.- Some really simple puzzles that appear just to slow your progress.- Terrible amount of QTEs involved (QTE for opening gates? Really?)- Short. I was able to complete the main story line (sans DLC) in about 18-19 hours. There is a lot of room for some replay, so this could double potentially."
76561198053713486,Not Recommended,234080,14055357,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Captain Double Edward x2 Jones,"I am an old castlevania fan, and i just finished the game in 110% and got 100% achievements. Why? To make this review count. Im really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at people who made this game, not because its bad, but because they ruined it. Its like hitting your self with a frying pan, or more like painting a beautiful painting, and then smacking it with dog poop.Why game is GOOD?> Great story that ties somehow all castlevania games together ( one bad thing about it: its dull at the beginning, yet keeps getting better over time)> Great enemy and in general graphical desing ( Landscapes, monsters, everything looks great, exept for the final boss... he looks unfinished and pathetic, but maybe thats the point?)> The combat system is original, takes a lot of time to master the focus meter and usage of magic but over all its fun ( nvm useless combos that you wont even bother to learn after you have the good ones)> I need to point out how smart they animated the whip attacks in 3D. Looks REALLY REALLY impressing> Actually has this ""castlevania"" feel (for most of the partNow what kills the game?> Fixed on player camera - Tell me! Why the ♥♥♥♥ lock the camera on angles that are for most parts nonsense? When you play a 3D game you NEED to control the camera. You NEED to see where you are jumping etc. I cant count all the times i jumped into my doom, because the camera didnt even show me a platform somewhere else. Althou the camera works sort of OK in combat, there is no reason to fix it on landscapes, when you are trying to make a tricky jump. Also, whats the point of making awsome landscapes, if the player cant even see them! Because the camera thinks otherwise. ♥♥♥♥ the camera. And dont tell me ""its a fixed camera game"". NO, fixing a camera in a 3D platformer on the player is just evil and wrong. Take a lesson from darksiders devs. camera should be controlable via the mouse or pad> Hit detection - This is a thing that should be fixed before the game release. First off there are times where Gabriel takes damage in the same moment as the enemy attack animation starts. What does this mean? It looks wrong and makes some attacks unblockable and undodge able. Even if you have uber reflexes, the game expects you to be a prophet. Other times the animation shows clearly that you should have been hit, but the game thinks otherwise. Yeaah sometimes a huge sword just flies throu your body without making even a scratch. wtf. This is either a problem of the hitbox, or hit timer. Im just going to call it broken hit detection.> QTE - You might say that there are too mane QTE in the game, but i actually like them + they are not sooo anoying, dont worry :)>neccesery backtracking - dont get me wrong, backtracking is a good thing if you want to find all the secrets and stuff, but its a sin if you HAVE to backtrack orelse you dont get any power ups, without those power ups you will have a very hard and unfair challenge. Also backtracking is good for exploration games, where there is a open world. I have nothing against invisible walls, but if you cant explore the world, why force the player to backtrack levels? This is just a cruel way to make the playtime longerAnd thats all, believe it or not but if not for these 2 issues that ruin the whole experience. I would call this a 10/10 game, because castlevania! It even recyles some of classic enemies, and there are some eastereggs so to call.TL;DRI recommend this game from my heart, its greatBUT BEWARE:>locked camera>broken hit detection"
76561198069881775,Recommended,234080,14094305,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Stinky Wizzleteats,"Really enjoyed this game alot. Took me a while to finish it going from ps3 to pc. Other than that great game. Im a big castlevania fan been playing since Castlevania 1 on nes and haunted castle on arcade. The story is rather good, Graphics a great i mean not a bad port really didnt have any problems outta it. really awesome game highly reccommend it. Working on the LOS2 atm seeing how some diehard fans are mad about the storyline and all. I care less those were the nes days not really a standard for the story back then. Like the Zelda series they kinda didnt know where they were going with it. But i say just enjoy the game its good,fun, action packed. Highly recommend this"
76561198002539802,Recommended,234080,7877762,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Clemixi,Complicated controls setup big downerapart from that good game
76561198055988872,Recommended,234080,11110694,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Fluffy Bottoms,"***SPOILERS***An amazing reboot. I was skeptical what with it being Castlevania, but this game proved me wrong. This is definately one of my favorite action adventure games of all time. The protagonist Gabriel Belmont voiced by the illustrious Robert Carlye (AKA Mr Gold, OUaT) has set out to destroy the Lords of Shadow in order to ressurect his wife Marie with the help of a warrior of the order named Zobek (Patrick Stewart). The game offers a wide range of combat choices from the healing light magic, hellfire shadow magic and the various other relics used to fights the lords of shadow and their minions. As you defeat the lords of shadow you gain there powers. This amounts to the alacritical cyclone boots, the flying seraph shoulders and a gauntlet for fist fighting. The games play style feels simaler to devil may cry and games of the like in certain ways. I would definately recommend this game to anyone who loves a good action adventure that won't be handed to you like many of the action adventures now-a-days."
76561198007471259,Recommended,234080,14028495,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Adrian,"The main game is really great, a mixture of Darksiders, although not so open, and DmC. It was different than first anticipated, as you basically play a lot of small levels, which are completely linear, from 2-10min/level. At first, that was disappointing, but with time it builds on you, there are skills to buy from Exp, items and secrets to find which boost your weapons, HP or Mana, each level has a special win condition (and they are extremely hard) for completionists, and the graphics and the setting and athmosphere is just great, quite dark and desperate.The free DLC however was a frustration... 5x as hard as the main game, both in puzzles and in battles, and the final end boss almost ruined the whole game for me... I could not beat him in the normal setting even after hours of trying... so I only got my easy achievement despite finishing all other levels on Normal... Still highly recommended and I immediately bought part2 now."
76561198011476224,Recommended,234080,15616952,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Morukk,"Great game - good story, interesting puzzles, keeps you into it very well.Only thing I have to say : The controls need super reconfiguration to suit the mouse, and I recommend more than a 2 button mouse for this undoubtedly. (I use 6 button mouse for the controls and works out well - mainly for the dark/light powers that you eventually get in the game - sucking / activating, youll see) You should use a controler for this if you dont have atleast a 4+ button mouse.Not saying it's impossible, but you'd have to use straight 100% keyboard without such a tool which is awkward - In my opinion at least. Reminds me of super old platform games that didn't use the mouse because of the 2D."
76561198017517462,Not Recommended,234080,15553504,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mole2068,"For me, this game is just too tedious to play without a guide. I feel the designers did a terrible job on the level and boss designs. All the hidden items are off in some remote corner of an area. No puzzles to work out, its just off some abscure path that you missed somewhere. The items that aren't hidden often require an ability you don't have yet. Come back later when you have a grippier chain... Stupid. The bosses all have their scripted quirks and quicktime events. Requiring you to start back from the bottom (sometimes litterally) just to climb back up to take a shot at figuring out what you are doing wrong. Fall, rinse, repeat. Once you do figure it out, theres typically something dumb coming right after it. If you miss the QTE, the boss gets his health back. Meaning you have to beat him down again for your shot at the QTE...  The game could have been a million times better. They had the budget (patrick steward narrates between levels). It looks like they just threw a bunch of money at it, said, go make a game, and left it all in the hads of some yahoo. *sigh* I was so hopeful for this game that I'm actually mourning the loss."
,Recommended,234080,13923134,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,"English will Follow.Ce jeu est un chef d'oeuvre, c'est ma franchise préféré, sans aucun doute. Castlevania revit une fois de plus, mais cette fois avec une histoire qui vous imerge totalement, vous apprenez toute l'histoire de la famille Belmont. En finissant le premier, cela es sure que vous allez acheté le second sans hésité. Je suis une personne très pointilleux dans mes choix de jeu et pour que cette franchise devienne ma préféré, c'est que cest un très bon jeux.English:This game is a masterpiece, it's my favorite franchise without a doubt. Castlevania relives once again, but this time with a story that Imerge you completely, you learn the history of the Belmont family. By finishing the first, it're sure you bought the second without hesitation. I am a very picky in my game choice and for this franchise become my favorite is that this is a very good game."
76561198032624864,Recommended,234080,15512777,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,dj_tvh,"I have a love/hate relationship with Castlevania.  This one is very interesting addition to the series.  It's good.  Not great, but far above some of the horrible entries."
76561198023827890,Not Recommended,234080,15446423,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,darren1104,"Don't bother buying this if you have a GTX 760.It worked fine when I was running with an AMD 5870, but it hasn't launched since. Tried reinstalling the game several times and tried all sorts of fixes that I've found online, with no luck.It sucks because this is a pretty good game and was one of the primary reasons that I upgraded my card (this and dragon age). Hopefully they'll release a fix at some point, but its been a while and other users seem to have been reporting the issue too. I wouldn't hold my breath over it."
76561198106577102,Recommended,234080,15576806,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lazy bones,As a castlevania gme fan i enjoy ths game very much asside from the camera and the Shadow of the colossus titan fights the gameplay is good and the game looks great even on low settings :)
76561198032317229,Not Recommended,234080,15575124,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,eggerskyle,This Castlevania game has too many action timed events to be fun for me.  While the story is interesting it has little or nothing to do with the orginal Castlevania games.
,Recommended,234080,14703685,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KawaiiPotato,A great story and it was engaging to the very end. 9/10-1 because the camera angles at times are just absolutely maddening.
76561198089816509,Recommended,234080,14656795,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,katlyn.gallivan,"one of my all time favorite games i have every played.Where to start the story beautiful, graphics amazing,gameplay is bare but its still good.This by far is the best castlevania for it defined the series by taking a different turn and making a lore for dracula which hadnt been done before and they killed it with a mind blowing story and so sad with castlevania los 2 cause the first level made the game look, feel and play better then the first game did but then went way down hill from there with lame gameplay a lack in the story and the feeling that they rushed it.please remake los 2 but change everything but the first level just make the rest of the game as amazing and rerealse it!!! just say you guys went and ♥♥♥♥ed up los2 big time."
,Recommended,234080,9234074,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kensonaga,"Combat: It's  fun but there's  little variety in this part  as you only have one physical weapon with unmemorable movesets (for me at least) and i always miscalculated the length of the combat cross whip.Platforming section :  It's kinda floaty sometimes (not as tight as the Prince of Persia games) as you might overjump things a couple of times, but that's okay  since  not much action hack and slash games has it perfected it yet.Story: It's pretty shallow i gotta say. the world  in Castlevania is not well-exposed enough to make it more interesting. It's just basically another random world in its hellish peril, makes it pretty stale really quick.Character: Most of the main characters are well-designed, some of the bosses look amazing (Pan,Black Golem, The Forgotten One) lesser enemies are however seems a bit generic but looks decent enough and fitted well into the Castlevania world.Special mention: The final battle with the Satan  is fast and fluid that it is actually fun, makes it a fitting final boss.The battle  with the Forgotten One and the Dragonlich however are as boring as hell, repetitive, frustrating, uninspiring and there's  only one way to kill The Forgotten One makes it a chore to beat him.Compared to the Devil May Cry series (which to me  is a manual to make a great action hack and slash game), this is a mediocore designed game.If you need a score for this game;6.7(i dun even know this  numbering things)/ 10"
,Recommended,234080,9248363,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Miskatonian,"Generally I despise any writing Hideo Kojima does, but Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is phenomenal. I've played through it multiple times, and the writing is just top notch."
76561197992799899,Recommended,234080,9251839,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Frosty_snake,It's got Patrick Stewart in it man! Wor Patty stew! Really fun game
,Recommended,234080,9163511,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,NShep53,"Got this game on sale, well worth the 8 bucks I paid for it!"
,Recommended,234080,9176338,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,emnii,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is the best 3D Castlevania. Before you get too excited though, consider the alternatives. They're generally awful. But Lords of Shadow is actually pretty good, if very derivative. The game is God of War (except direct/wide attacks, rather than light/heavy), with some Shadow of the Colossus boss fights, and cutscenes that rival other Hideo Kojima games in length. None of those are bad traits (except maybe the long cutscenes), but they're not all that exciting. Competant is a good word that suits Lords of Shadow.However, there are some stand-out features. Every cutscene can be paused, and nearly all of them can be skipped. The enemies run the full gamut of previous Castlevania monsters: werewolves, skeletons, vampires, goblins, trolls, etc. There's some great variety in monsters, even if your own strategy can mostly consist of spamming direct heavy attacks. The levels are all beautiful and there are some truly great looking views given in the game. Patrick Stewart voices the character Zobek and acts as the narrator between levels, and he does an amazing job despite some real cheesy writing at times. Lords of Shadow is also probably the longest God of War type game I've personally played. I clocked 22+ hours for the base game + DLC.But let's talk about that DLC. It's included in the Ultimate Edition. It's the last two chapters of the game, and you've got to get through the rest of it to play them. I would not have been happy with my purchase if I had to pay for those separately, as they're not great. They serve as a kind of epilogue but they answer very few questions, and the gameplay involved in them isn't great. The first DLC chapter is very puzzle heavy, and the second has some cheap stealth, lots of platforming, and a rather difficult boss battle. Neither of the two chapters are very long, and they left a bad impression after enjoying so much of the rest of the game.Despite that, overall, the game is great if you're a Castlevania fan who enjoys games like God of War, and good if you're just into action games. If you do manage to finish the base game (ends on Chapter 12), stick around for the teaser at the end. You can safely skip the credits and not miss it."
76561197996018560,Recommended,234080,8800978,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ssh83,"This frankenstein of a game starts out dreadfully dull and the default difficulty makes the learning curve extra bumpy.  There is an enjoyable action game underneath all the crap and it is well worth discounted price.  Folks looking for classic Castlevania exploration should look elsewhere.For best experience, I recommend starting with Squire difficulty.  Remind yourself that this game is balanced around the overpowered block button (with dodge/jump being secondary avoidance), so use block liberally as you learn the timing of perfect blocks.There are plenty of annoyance in the game that you should expect if you buy/play this game.  Game's menu keys are stupidly locked to enter key.  There is no mouse support during gameplay.  Fixed camera angle likes to hide enemies from view.  Platforming is really boring and pointless most of the time and overuse of the ""hold on"" mechanic like those seen in Shadow of Colossus will make you facepalm.The final verdict is a buy if you are looking for a discounted action game to kill time between major action games, and you are ok with all of the above in exchange for interesting boss battles.  If you're choosing between playing this game vs playing better designed-for-PC action games like Vindictus and Tera (or Black Desert, Blade & Soul, etc.), I'd play those first."
76561197974974574,Recommended,234080,8604214,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Nicky Winter,"Annoyavania: Lords of terriblecamera, more likely. Otherwise fine game and interesting setting, but why in the name of all balls there must be such crappy camerasystem to keep you lost most of time, specially when you should do some jumpyjumpytarzan-actions? and when getting charged by multiple enemies that seem to know that you dont see them coming outside the view makes this one really hillarious spectacle for all masochist.so knowing this, by all means whip it out but dont except anything great to be found in this cheesecake."
76561198042603995,Recommended,234080,8736819,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,travis.plank2,"Good: Gothic, cinematic storytelling with awesome voice actors. Visceral, brutal combat clearly inspired by games like God of War. Lots of secrets hidden within the levels. Incentives for replaying levels and achieving ""perfection"" in those levels. Looks beautiful and runs smoothly on my not-so-modern rig. The combat abilities are fun to play with, keep you on your toes, and prevents the game from being a button-mash or click-fest.Bad: There are some really ugly faces in this game. The game is not designed for a mouse and keyboard so it can feel a little wonky sometimes. Fixed camera can make exploration a chore. The minigames seem weird and forced, and they detract from the pacing of the game.Overall: There are better ways to spend 30 dollars, but if it's on sale for 20 or lower, I'd suggest going for it."
76561198040694033,Recommended,234080,8736956,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Beyond the Grave,"This Game is really good, i purchased this game for the 360 then for ps3 never really givning it a chance. Now when the sequal is about to come out. I decided let me give this a try since i love castlevania and havent played a good one since the GBA days. Got it on the steam sale and really gave it a go and iam loving the story and what Mercury steam did with this franchise and giving castlevania an actual origin story. If you love God of war and Darksiders and any third person action game. Castlevania is all that and more give it try its well worth it."
76561197992921916,Recommended,234080,8760762,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DarkMario,"*Before you buy this game make sure you have a controller. It makes playing the game so much easier.*That being said, this is a very great game. I've heard alot of people say that this game rips off Shadow of the Collosus, God of War, and Tomb Raider. It is very similar, but who says a game cant be similar to another one. The story is great, the combat is very satifying (You can unlock several combos and abilitys), the visuals are beautiful, and the voice acting is perfect. The only real bad thing I can say about it is that it has alot of invisible walls and a few camera problems, but even then its just minor nitpicking. Any fan of Castlevania will love this game."
,Recommended,234080,8493962,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FatherTouchTouch,"A fun game with an interesting story, lords of shadow is great for when u want to sit back, relax, and mash some buttons. The combat is very satisfying and all elements work well. It's definatly worth it's price and i recomend it to anyone who just wants a new game to play."
,Recommended,234080,8483722,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Darkendone,"A true beauty to look at, and probably a must for anyone who love the Castlevania series.  The PC version of this game offers a unique challenge if you do not use a controller, but the game is very well thought out and not a bad addition to anyone's collection."
76561198060441498,Recommended,234080,8485577,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dodokh,"Grim And Gothic in the Good way ,nice story and fun to play , but control is a bit hard to mange on PC keyboard"
,Recommended,234080,8570771,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Alduin's Fury,"A well designed action adventure game, with a better than average story. The most brilliant part of the game however is the setting, atmosphere and general game design. From environments to enemies, the lore and setting will take you in. I recommend this anyone who loves gothic elements such as vampires, werewolves, and demons as they are well represented here."
76561197983786596,Not Recommended,234080,989017,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,iDig- Candy,cant believe i paid money for this........... :x
76561197992081526,Not Recommended,234080,8570260,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,alpha_bravo_a_b,Don't buy it. It's broke. If you did have the unfortunate incident of buying it. Here are a few ways it might work again but these did nothing for me.http://segmentnext.com/2013/08/29/castlevania-lords-shadow-errors/
76561198071167119,Recommended,234080,9096837,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KnowingHornet77,i like this game needed a camera controling option and the begining is a bit slow other that once you learn the patterns needed to beat each type of enemy it's pretty smooth sailing
76561198072886566,Recommended,234080,9098102,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DragonFey,Absolutely amazing!! slow start but bear with it. get really good when you start seeing vampire. awesome treat for those who love mythology beast. not the best story. still awesome combat strongly resemble God of war!!
76561198070960924,Recommended,234080,9101056,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SOLIDBIGMIKE,"Castlevania..probably one of the best video game franchises around. I've been a fan for many years. I never thought they could even come close to what was done in Symphony of the Night. Which I still think is probably the best game in the Castlevania Saga.This game was just a enjoyable experience to play from the visuals to the combat and most of all the story telling. The Voice acting is very well done and some of the best i've heard in a long time. The gothic feel and art design are some of the best i've seen. Very few games have made me stop and check out the scenery. I take very few screen shots of games and I found myself stopping taking the time to take quite a few. The Music is just awesome it added so much to the game and is one of the reasons why I like Symphony of the Night so much. This game knocks it out of the park with atomosphere and the music that just elevates it to another level.I really enjoyed the combat and the game does a great job of equally making the progression of your powers and difficulty flow together. Plus you can increase it to be quite difficult if you choose to do so.I see alot of people were complaining about the camera angles and how you can't control it. I did find it a little difficult at times but I felt it added kind of atmosphere to the game. Alot of the power ups are hidden throughtout the game and I think  the angles made me want to explore every nook and cranny of the levels to find them. I can understand how it could be frustrating at times. Overall I don't think it takes away too much from the game itself.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone of enjoys a game with great visuals, great story line, awesome music and just an overall enjoyable experience. I can't wait for the Sequel and to see what happens in Lords of Shadow II."
,Recommended,234080,9110634,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Big Al,Great game!  Definitely worth picking up.
,Recommended,234080,9114742,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fyrewolf The Dinosaur,"Lords of Shadow is one of those games that gives new life to an old school type game.  The gameplay is similar to many adventure games (Mortal Kombat Anthologies: Sub Zero is a good example) and offers nothing new.  Go here, push this button/switch, fight bad guys with combos etc. is pretty much it.  However, the story is rather engaging (Patrick Stewart!) and the environments are stunning.  Also, as a player of a lot of the older Castlevania games, I feel like there are a lot of small tributes to the previous games if one is paying attention.In summary:PROS:More Castlevania, woot!Patrick Stewart narating the storyAwesome cut scenes and environmentsBoss fights require some thought and strategyCONS:Fixed camera angle which leads toSometimes you have no idea where to go because you can't look aroundSome places require massive button mashingIf you like Castlevania, this is a good buy if on sale. Even as a Castlevania fanbot, I don't think this game is worth $30, though.8/10"
,Recommended,234080,9114841,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Silver Shroud,"great game, but a little hard, 8/10"
,Recommended,234080,9125470,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,simon_neil_scott,"If you like GOW on the PS3 this is pretty much a copy and this is no bad thing. GOW and that style of gameplay are very fun and easy to do and this does it well. The game is quite long and the boss fights can be challenging.The only issue I've found is that sometimes working out where to go is confusing, and sometimes the boss fights can be harder purely because you NEED to have full power bars to beat them and you do not always have this. Requiring you to restart an entire fight which you may be saved half way through doing.Otherwise a good game."
76561198001251929,Recommended,234080,9099833,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,KasperKyd,"30 hours of 3D Vision pleasure (with 3rd party MOD). One of best I played, the game is like never end with more & more of beautiful gameplay every level. This game title was a legend at the past and again it's a Legend among all games. Whatever this game costs it's worthy and if you have 3D Vision this game is a MUST.I wish I have more words to review this game, all I can say among the 200+ Games I own This title goes with the top 3 for me."
76561198089402975,Recommended,234080,9045283,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,zachary.zagranis,"Really good game. What keeps it from being great however is the fixed camera. Why any game should have a fixed camera in this day and age, I have no idea. I almost laughed when I went up against the first colossu- I mean ""titan"". The game is beautiful though and the combat is simple and intuitive, what more could you ask for?"
76561198043902881,Recommended,234080,9126166,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shadow Knight,"I've been a long time Castlevania fan, this 3d rendition of the series looks amazing, although it strayed from what it used to be originally, it was still a good game, aside from the camera."
,Recommended,234080,9126350,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,HerbNinja,"One of the best ports from console to PC. Awesome adventure and ""God of War"" feel to the combat."
76561198121860406,Recommended,234080,9129314,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,NightHawk0131,Its a great game but the camera angle sometimes gets in the way as you cant control it. Otherwise this could be one of the best games i have ever played.
,Recommended,234080,9142755,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,IIII/,"Excellent story and pacing, well thought out combat system, and challenging puzzles. Very different to previous Castlevania games but the combat (at higher difficulty settings) still remains a test to even the most seasoned hack n' slashers. Narrated by Patrick Stewart, this game sucks you in and let's you progress from chapter to chapter with amazing flow and storytelling pace. Definitely pick it up if you're a fan of the genre or the Castlevania series.On a side note, the game only recognizes the XBOX 360 controller but you can use software like MotionJoy Gamepad Tool to emulate any other controller to be recognized as a 360 controller. This game is very tedious to play without a controller."
76561198037649565,Not Recommended,234080,9143293,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Cellador,"This game really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, I played about 2 hours before deciding to do better things with my time. The game feels like if you were sitting in a train simply watching it happen. The fixed camera prevents you from discovering the world and the fights feel scripted.What really made me crazy were the boss fights. They are no challenge in any way, just boring and frustrating. Many reviews write that the boss fights are a highlight and you have to fight strategicly - please what? The boss fights in Dark Souls made you think how you could possibly beat that enemy, the fights in this game just upset me, but maybe I expected something else.The last time I played a castlevania game it was full of action, challenging and simply fun - not this episode..."
,Recommended,234080,8432978,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,al_krimson,"I've played a lot of Castlevania series games and I must say that this game is one of the best reboot from all reboots of classical games that we have so much this time. Yes, it uses God of War fighting system, but it very good match for Caslevania. Monstrous beatiful big combo looks very good. Amazing story, beatiful graphics(it were good on consoles, but on PC simply impressive, 1080p 60fps), great music and athmosphere. So good dark gothic vampire athmosphere of lonelines I can't see in many old Castlevania games. I beat this game on Xbox 360 and with pleasure play another time on Steam. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,234080,8580751,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,『  Tephnos  』,Japanese combo slasher. Play without a controller and prepare to beat your face into the wall in frustration like I did.
76561198036845290,Recommended,234080,9484715,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Dofus the Tofu,"Twist after twist! an action packed adventure game.great game for those who enjoy a mature story line, with plost twists and a challenge"
,Recommended,234080,9332459,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,PapaiAkira,cool game
76561198096416684,Recommended,234080,9334611,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DevilCanDY,"This is my first game in Castlevania series. I'm planning to buy the second one whent its on sale :P. If you like the ""God of War"" fighting style this game for sure will get your attention. The story wasn't too long and not too short to ba fair. The concept of the game is very very good i liked the different fighting tactics you can do."
76561198028615041,Recommended,234080,9973657,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Jayden Juiceman,"One of my favorite games, exposition is long but the adventure is sweet."
76561198006304047,Recommended,234080,13165393,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sanschanger,"I saw this game on Steam for a while but could not commit to buy; the screenshots looked more like cinematics than actual gameplay, and it had been a few years since I shelled out hard cash for a Castlevania game. From what I had seen online, the series seemed to have degraded into a number of identity-confused games (are we jumping puzzles, or are we adventure, or are we 3D, or are we side-scrolling?) featuring a number of feminine-looking male heroes.Eventually I gave in while the game was on sale, and after it sat in my library for a few more months, I started playing.It turns out to be a really good game.Gameplay is fixed-camera third-person combat and exploration with an experience points system and unlockable skills and combos. The camera angles were typically well placed, though the environments hint at more exploration than what is really available.The graphics are good, with rich visuals that are a real treat for fantasy fans. I particularly liked the castle of the vampires (which is not the final destination of the game, but is the ""Castlevania"" of the series) and the Land of the Dead, which was appropriately eerie.This game truly shines in creating a great experience for the player. The voice acting is very good (if any of the actors and actresses are phoning in their performances in for an easy paycheck, they're too much the professionals to let it show), and the story is intriguing (though it was a little hard to follow at first).Combat is a lot of fun; the combination of interesting enemies, dynamic music, great dodges, combos, and quick-time events are woven together to create cinematic battles where the player controls the action. The first time I fought the Swamp Troll, and later when I went up against a massive golem (referred to as a Titan in this series), I knew this game was something special.On a negative note, I will say that the environments for the boss battles are very boring; with a few exceptions, you always fight a boss in an open, arena-like space. I would have liked more ""swinging on my chain whip to avoid attacks"" and boss battles fought over chasms and so forth.Lastly; the music in this game is AMAZING. It's possibly the best music in a video game (and many movies) that I have ever heard.I am not sure if this game FEELS like a Castlevania game. I was a big fan of the Nintendo and Super Nintendo games, and ""Lords of Shadow"" has a unique vibe. It's not a sequel or translation of the old stuff, but a total reinvention; this is a good thing though. If it was trying to be the original games and recycling the music and everything, it could not have shined as it does."
76561198156979307,Recommended,234080,13171252,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,lillynox,"Funnily enough, though having heard about the Castlevania games, I never really played them. I didn't think they were for me, cus truth be told I thought they were completely different. However it was recommened to me because there is a games series I thoroughally enjoy, which by now, I'm pretty sure was partly inspired by this games. This would be the God Of War series. Which I also sorta played in reverse ^_^** (started with 3 in late 2012 I think, before I played the others)So,... my review would be: It never hurts to try a game. You might end up loving it!And if you enjoy rich fantasy with beautiful design and inspiring landscapes, while slicing and dicing up a bunch of colourful creatures,.... This is a game you'll enjoy."
76561197982117522,Recommended,234080,9052128,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Siruss,"Beautiful game and great story.  Love the way so many characters from the long, and sometimes patchwork, legacies of the Castlevania mythos are included and woven together.  Played through on the PS3 and when I saw it on Steam AND @75% off, had to get it, looks even better on my PC :)"
76561198077536208,Recommended,234080,9053435,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,immortal1785,awesome game cant wait for Lord of shadow 2
,Recommended,234080,9055014,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,Really good game! Also own the actual copy of Lords of Shadow for my PS3. :)
,Recommended,234080,9056160,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Rawvik,"If your old enough to like castlevania you'll love it. Its 3d and its castlevania, dont worry about what the whiners are saying its fun.Its also hard but its castlevania what did you expect?"
76561197970635033,Recommended,234080,9192065,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,phoenix,"I'm fan of the series since the early days, bud definitely not a hardcore one. When I saw the sale offer I didn't think twice and I bought this title without knowing what was I in for (even more, I was completely unaware that this is a series reboot). I was just looking for a fun and fast paced game and the game seemed to fit the bill, and I was 100% right.The sountrack is epic and the voice acting is the cherry on top. If you've at least seen screenshots of the early titles from the series you will easily recognise the environments as you progress over the game (and probably think of those screenshots in a different way now). I'm not saying this is ""the perfect game"" (the controls are a bit off at times, and the fixed camera is annoying at first), but it's extremely entertaining and feels like an interactive movie. The puzzles are entertaining, you can (and will) replay many levels  looking for secrets or trials without getting bored, the boss fights are a bit too easy at times but playing at higher difficulties or for the trials makes it harder (and sometimes frustrating if you use the wrong tactic).Bottom line: I'm looking forward to playing the sequel and I would recommend it to anybody that loves the action genre."
76561198053591307,Recommended,234080,9207595,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,pavioc16,"This is a great game, albeit not the best, but who am I kidding? I was constantly entertained. Yes, it takes elements from God of War and Shadow of the Colossus, but to be honest, it's because those idea works, and it still very much cut out it's own atmosphere. The action in God of War is a bit over the top (which is not a bad thing). This is still very much over-the-top at times, but it's a very different feel. The ambience is overall very different too, and the visuals (taking into account the release date) are quite good. With a custom ENB and SweetFX setting, they were phenomenol.The gameplay is very satisfying. And I appreciate being able to play Shadow of the Colussus-esque bosses because I wasn't able to on my own time, but they aren't my favorite. It's all too scripted for me. The short demo of LOS: 2 had a much better Titan battle where it was a combination of SOTC and fighting regular enemies and avoiding ranged attacks from another boss.I don't understand what people have against QTE... the reason they pop up everywhere is because they WORK, although sometimes they are overused in other games, where it seems every little action requires one. In this game, they keep you on your toes, because failing one at best gives you a loss of health. In boss fights, you will be brutally (and quite satisfyingly) killed, and I feel like I have to stay riveted to the scene so I don't miss one and get absolutely horendously murdered. I don't know many games where dying is quite as awesome as this game during the boss fights. I'm hoping the LOS: 2 continues that.The story is good, although it could have been a bit better. Comparing it to God of War, it is much better, although I'm a fan of story-driven games. Again, LOS: 2 looks like it's going to improve on this front. I like the whole descent into darkness thing, but Gabriel, as a character, is a bit lacking. His supposed transition to darkness is noticable, but not by much... he always seemed aloof and unempathetic. By the end, he's aloof, unempathetic, and a bit angrier (which is shown mostly through grimacing). I feel bad for him more when he's being described by the narrator then when I see him in cutscenes, except for a few particularly potent ones. Otherwise, he kinda falls flat.The end boss was a bit sudden, and I didn't like the design of the boss. He is not what I would visualize for that character. For a final boss battle, I would've liked something a bit more bad a** (can I swear on these reviews?) Again, I heard that's going to improve in LOS.EDIT: I didn't mention the static camera... but of course, that was a disappointment.Overall, I heavily recommend this game. However, I understand that some people might not like every aspect of it. As I always recommend, DOWNLOAD THE DEMO."
76561197977512444,Recommended,234080,9195893,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,fraxxz,"I´m actually not a fan of Castlevania and wasn´t really interested in it.But man thats is an awesome game, i loved it, well not every part but it is pretty good ^^If you like game like Darksiders i also recommend this one."
,Recommended,234080,9094254,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pinmissile,PATRICK STEWART
,Not Recommended,234080,9199117,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,DJ Vonderhaar,The only thing good about the game is the soundtrack and the artbook other then that ? the whole game is just piece of crap especially the DLC. Castlevaina with out dracula ? wtf is worng with the developer. If you are not a true fan of castlevania series looking for some act to play then this is the game for you. But if you are a fan then please don't buy this game.
76561198042423746,Recommended,234080,9201076,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Numeric,"Hit, Jump, Climb and search for the hidden objects. If you like open world games don't buy it, otherwise i would recommend to buy it.Amazing boss fights!!"
76561198040360054,Recommended,234080,9202346,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Knarf,Is'a good game.
76561197974960171,Not Recommended,234080,9180143,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,thekingfox28,"The control lag - I've fiddled with the video settings ad nauseum, followed forum ideas, etc., and nothing works. I get to one point and I'm completely stuck because the control lag is so bad.  Many have commented that the K + M combo isn't good for this and they would be right, but that's also not an excuse for the lag. I get it - you're a console port, but seriously?"
,Recommended,234080,9183471,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Rk_fraGGers,Awsome1 .... buy dis n play dis without any second thought ..... atleast a must have game for me
,Recommended,234080,8989792,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,JPCarl,"This was an excellent reboot to the Castlevania franchise.  Excellent story telling, superb voice acting, and an epic soundtrack make this game hard to walk away from.  I owned this game on the xbox 360 and played through it 4 times.  When it was released for PC, I immediatley picked it up.  I am working through the game a fifth time in preparation for Lords of Shadow 2 which will be released this month.  If you have yet to experience this epic action tale, do so now.  You will not be disappointed.  The puzzles are fun and some a bit challenging.  Boss battles are very well done and can be punishing on the harder difficulties.My only complaint with the game was the fixed camera.  It really makes some combat sequences suffer.  I hear that the for Lords of Shadow 2 that have done away with the fixed and went with a free camera this time.Now, shut up and give Konami and Merucry Steam your money!!!!!"
76561198040997420,Recommended,234080,9066748,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Key,This game is really good. If you don't like Hack and slashers or vampires or anything about this game and the genre it's apart of you will still enjoy it. I know it's weird but for whatever reason this game is good despite the fact that the genres it's apart of are absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥ The best part about this game is the visuals. This game came out in 2010. Yeah 2010.. And yet it rivals games that have come out this year in terms of graphical fidelity. If nothing else pick this game up as eye candy. 10/10 would buy.
76561197999844643,Recommended,234080,9068221,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Glorious Russian Cosmonaut,"Consider the Following: This game has some great combat, challenging yet fair. The story is pretty solid and the other gameplay mechanics are also great. The only downside is the tutorial system, it takes you away to point out something on screen and then goes back to combat. solid 8.9/10"
76561198004627556,Recommended,234080,2250780,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,dante_87,"I have the special edition on PS3 and bought it again on PC. That should tell you how much I love this game. The soundtrack to this game is the BEST I've heard in all of gaming...even almost 3 years later. The gameplay is smooth and intuitive, the action great, platforming is good, but could have been better, and the story....well, if you've played old Castlevanias and you haven't seen any of the trailers for the second one.......you'll see that they put a twist to the story. If you don't know the story DO NOT WATCH THE TRAILERS FOR THE SECOND GAME!!!!!! It will reveal a major spoiler for you. All in all I give this game a 9.5 out of 10 in my book."
76561197996864152,Recommended,234080,8393932,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mercutio,"Very Cinematic, very badass, artistic and well executed, with Patrick Stewart Narrating. Love it. Just make sure you have an Xbox controller for your PC. For this game mouse and keyboard is not an option."
76561198037385891,Recommended,234080,8396146,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dhraiden,Lots of fun so far. Great price that I got for ($10). Best of console action-RPGs to PC>
76561197997787365,Recommended,234080,8400124,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,warcry101,"Epic game, Le 2eme sort bientot. Si vous aimer les jeux avec de bonne histoire et du backstabbing a fond la caisse gater vous sa en vaut la peine! pour 15$ on peu pas se tromper"
,Not Recommended,234080,8334786,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ow Meer,"If you like God of War and Darksiders this game is for you, but if you like Castlevania stay away from this QTE fest."
76561197971215649,Recommended,234080,8342389,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Matthew,"Good game - worth playing, and you will enjoy it, but one aimed at the console market..."
76561197999072749,Not Recommended,234080,8344759,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Silver Fang,Bad handling..
76561197985170301,Recommended,234080,8333525,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[B3BU]Latz3,"The combat and jump mechanics are a bit chunky from time to time, but all in all I really liked this game. It had many little mistakes, but that just added to the charme in my opinion. 7/10"
76561198053516603,Recommended,234080,7901405,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sicario,Awesome game
76561197996449785,Recommended,234080,1685792,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,oldzoom,"Finally on PC...This was the most under rated game of 2010 on the PS3 and Xbox. I played and beat the game on PS3. The game for $30 with both DLC packs is a great value(I paid $60 for the game and $10 each for the DLC packs =$80 PS3).It has a great story line with good cinematic cut scenes. The graphics are good, the sound track and FX are good and the game play is great, but a 360ce controller is the best way to play and enjoy it. If you're a hard core gamer the paladin difficulty will challenge even the best.It's an epic Adventure with lots of Action. You start off killing Werewolves and 12 chapters later face Satan. 12 epic Boss fights, tons of creatures to slay inbetween, lots of weapons to upgrade through XP points you earn by killing creatures, lots of items to find and earn and puzzles to solve.The game has some replay value if you're after achievments, if you can get them all then your one badass botton pushin mofo gamer...For $30 you would be hard pressed to find a more fun, challenging and entertaining game. This game looks better and plays better on a PC vs the consoles it originally came out on. I usually don't say this much about a game, especially one 3 years old, BUT for $30 it's a great bang for the buck. Please don't listen to the haters, this game rocks. Most people love it...The Demo is the lowest aspect of what the game is all about. The rest of the first chapter and the other 11 chapters are really good. Play the demo first to see if your system can play it and then buy this GREAT Aventure Action Game!!! This game on sale is a huge gaming value ! I'm looking forward to Castlevania LOS 2 to come out on PC too."
,Recommended,234080,8238474,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Aurora Hammer,"Get this game, it is beautiful and really damn fun."
76561198029523288,Recommended,234080,8239697,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jl434,Nice game
,Recommended,234080,8241039,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,daKmoR,"This game is seriously awesome :) Hack and Slay at it's finest :) Kill hordes of creeps but als giant like rediciously giant titans/demons...The Story is good to :) I almost cried at the end scene... I was so emerged in the world and could almost feel the pain he goes through, as I controlled him for so long... way better then just watching a movie :)"
,Recommended,234080,8241586,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,bob.,Ok game.
,Recommended,234080,8110844,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ragnus Lif,The Good:- Great level design- More than 15 hours of gameplay- Intense boss battles- Impecable story- High quality voice actingThe Bad:- Camera issues- Could have more old Castlevania songs
76561198025220987,Recommended,234080,8230078,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HrtAttK,"Tough to add-on what others have stated already but the bottom line is if you enjoy hack-n-slash type games then you will not want to miss this one.  What separates this one is the story and graphics.  The visuals are amazing and after playing it on the PS3 and starting again on PC it is testament to the developers to see how well the visuals have held up.  Having the DLC thrown in wasn't necessary as I felt there was nothing additional to make them worth playing (felt very ""tacked on"") but glad they're here anyway."
76561197968580401,Recommended,234080,8233423,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Casual-T,I higly recomend this game to anyone who likes action games. Beautifull environments and a rewarding and responsive combat system.88/100
76561198075746255,Recommended,234080,8171632,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,timmyspecial,"I enjoy this game, graphics are really well done and the story is pretty cool!"
,Recommended,234080,2508929,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Demoz,10/10 O GOSPODI 10/10
76561198034247726,Recommended,234080,15231134,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rocy76,"Nie podejrzewałem że to taka świetna gra, Kupiłem w promocji za grosze a wciąnęła mnie na maxa. Według mnie znacznie lepsza niż God of war III na PS3.  Wciągająca fabuła, super grafika, rewelacyjny system walki i rozwoju postaci, zajebiści bossowie. Dla mnie rewelacja. Gorąco polecam"
,Not Recommended,234080,15341181,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Prasfear,Broken
76561198066236388,Recommended,234080,15193029,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Punished Shade,ever wanted god of wa ron pc? then this is for you
,Recommended,234080,8258427,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,VoidBladeZ,"good game, great graphics! if you can get it on sale it is really nice."
,Recommended,234080,8264651,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Schweppes,"This is one of those games that you HAVE to buy. The Graphics, Gameplay and everything about it is awesome. Once you start playing you cannot stop this game deserves a 10/10 at the least.."
,Recommended,234080,8205785,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Darth Yoda,Love the game it runs smoothly on my pc. If you like Devil May Cry you will love this game. Even if you don't like devil may cry if you are a fan of the castlevania series this game is a must.
,Recommended,234080,8311965,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Omar,"One of the best Castlevania games!Incredible graphics, music and story. If you have played Castlevania games before, you  may find this game a bit confusing. It is a complete new story line."
76561197971482861,Recommended,234080,7434461,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,AETOS,Great Game !!!
76561197966585752,Recommended,234080,9620534,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,KILLAmanJARRO,"Simply AMAZING!! One of the best games I have ever played. The story is rediculous. I played damn near every Castlevania game from the NES all the way up the ladder and after the Super NES version and Playstations ""Syphony of the Night"" after that they have gotten progressively worse. This game has rejuvinated the series. It is NOT a short game by any means either, especially if you are going for EVERYTHING. Again the story is beyond greatness and if you have not played this title; you are cutting yourself short of something special. Some of the cut scenes are not as crisp as the game itself but still awesome. Graphics are great, even in today's standards. I recommend a good controller for this game and dont use SLI (cause graphical flickering). PLAY LORDS OF SHADOW ASAP!"
76561198052402095,Recommended,234080,7636049,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,DoDaDragon,Great Game!!!! I was already a huge castlevanin fan and I love this new twist
,Not Recommended,234080,9234930,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Zathorix,"This game was recommended to me by my brother, so I decided to pick it up on sale. The reviews were mixed, but I like the genre, and for the price, it seemed like a fine deal at the time.There are several ways a game can be bad. Some games are buggy, some look horrible, some have a terrible story... Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is none of these, although I haven't gotten far enough into it to really comment on the story. This game plays like it was made by someone who has heard of video games, maybe even seen bits of a God of War let's play, but never actually played one.Castlevania: LoS is barely a game at times. The actual gameplay mostly consists of the combat - which is fun for while, but ultimately lacks depth - and some platforming. That's pretty much it. Between combat encounters and platforming 'puzzles', the game often wrenches control away from you in order to focus the camera on the environment and the setpieces, or on a monster entering the scene. And, in case you felt just a tad too much in control, the game makes sure that you'll never go two minutes without a *ding* sound to indicate a tutorial message. Apparently, the game feels the need to point out you need to hold RT to examine that dead knight's body every ♥♥♥♥ing time. It feels like the game has very low expectations of the average gamer's attention span.The combat system, as I mentioned before, makes a good impression in the demo, but that brief taste is really all there is to it. You have a chain weapon, blatantly ripped off from God of War by the way, which has a short range attack - X - and a higher range, sweeping attack - Y. Oooh, a two button attack system! That means there will be combos involved, right? Indeed, it does. It doesn't, however, mean that the combo system is any good. Which it isn't. The combos work, and they do their job, but in my experience, mashing X and Y works just as well. You can also block enemy attacks, but you'll never do that because the same button is bound to the dodge function. All in all, the combat is fun in itself, but ultimately lacks the depth you'd expect in a game where combat is really the only exciting thing you can do.The platforming is as basic as it gets. You shuffle along ledges, jump from cliff to cliff, occasionally climb up or down walls when there's a conveniently placed gripping point for your hookshot available. Nothing remotely groundbreaking here.Finally, I'll blatantly rehash what pretty much every review under the sun has already stated about this game: LoS lacks focus. It takes bits and pieces from other games and stitches them together in this Frankenstein's Monster of a video game, but never really adds anything of its own. It's a bit God of War, a bit Darksiders, a bit Shadow of the Colossus with the bossfights, and a whole ♥♥♥♥load of nothing.If you're still teetering on the edge of making a purchasing decision, research a bit. Read some other reviews, watch some gameplay footage, look through my Steam profile to see which games I actually do like, and come back to it later.Also, if you just really badly want a spectacle fighter, get DmC: Devil May Cry, a highly underrated game with a very satisfying combat system. Alternatively, Metal Gear Rising gets high praise as well. There aren't a lot of spectacle fighters on PC, but I think that will change in the near future."
,Not Recommended,234080,11583369,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[z80]qazz42,I really want to like this game. I really do. Huge castlevania fan. But this game is really ruined by one thing.Fixed. effing. Camera!Lords of Shadow MoF and 2 were a lot better from what I understand.
76561197997221325,Recommended,234080,1738853,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,CreDest,Шедевр!)
76561198041591147,Recommended,234080,11841748,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jediseer,"I just finished the twelve chapters using a mouse and keyboard. Now I will be the first to admit I am not good at this kind of game, but I did find this game very enjoyable.The best part for me would just be the story. I picked up the game because it looked interesting and really played it because two of the voice actors, but the game delivered the story nicely (until the dlc's but that's a different story there).Now while the game was fun and enjoyable it did have moments where playing it was a pain or just frustrating. The camera being fixed can easily screw you up or just cause you to end up jumping the wrong direction when it suddenly switches on you... For me though the largest problem was some of the combat design moving to mouse and keyboard that just didn't work well. This is during the stone titan fight and the witch crow  where you have to swing their attack back at them. I spent over an hour getting used to it on the titan where i had to hit asdw (in that order) as fast as I could and it felt rigged to fail for those of us who prefer mouse and keyboard over all other controls.Those are my largest complements. I've not finished the dlcs yet mainly for getting stuck on them (my own fault not the games) and I will admit I wish it was done in the same over all style the rest of the game was. The graphics were wonderful and it felt as if I would watching a movie during the cut-scenes and it flowed nicely back into the game where as the dlcs' method is just distracting.Anyway, I do recommend this game game for the story and all but those two boss fights (all the other fights were wonderful and really fun) it is a hack and slash so some combat is repetitive. Over all the game was fun and enjoyable. If you don't want to be frustrated with it, get an xbox 360 control and use that instead of mouse and keyboard and it will run great. There is no  fix for the camera though, but once you're used to it, it's a little less frustrating."
,Recommended,234080,11846853,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,BigCatMatt,"This game out matched my expectations, beware though its diffculty is not for the faint of heart."
76561198118812162,Recommended,234080,11837715,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Lord Bananas,"Holy water storm! (You'll get that later)I'm a huge Castlevania fan, I'm here not since SOTN but since Dracula X. I must say LOS is one of the best Castlevanias I've played, the advancing through the game, the puzzles, the storyline, the characters and the dark gothic atmosphere are here as never before. You can't say you're a true Castlevania fan without having learned where did it all came from."
,Not Recommended,234080,9418370,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Diogeno[ITA],"There are those that when buy a game  do it for the title name and what it involves.My first castelvania was with the gameboy, the second with the super nintendo,the third with the N64 and the forth with the playstation. They were all great games.This one is just a shadow of those and doesn't really fit the name Castlevania.You may like it  but if you are searching for something epic like the old titles, skip this game is not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,234080,12113551,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,koiulpoi,"This is nothing like classic Castlevania. It's nothing like the ""Metroidvania"" games the series normally has become.Imagine God of War. Remove most of the cool weapons and the amazing fights. Add more of those abominable Quick Time Events. Add a terrible camera, some mediocre puzzles, hours of ""where the hell do I go"", and plenty of frustration. The whole thing is just tedious, and begs you to keep playing.But hey, the voice acting is nice, and the graphics seem lovely (even though most areas in a single level look the same, making it difficult to know if you've accidentally backtracked or not). Controls, when you're in a combat section, are pretty good. If you watched a coherent Let's Play of it, you'd probably be very entertained."
,Recommended,234080,12130352,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Malethos,"I don't know about you, but I love a fallen hero story. This reboot of the Castlevania series is a great story just about that. In this take we follow Gabriel, a powerful member of the Brotherhood of Light. While battling werewolves, vampires and demons, Gabriels motivations and the forces that are manipulating him are expertly unveiled as we follow this story of decent into darkness.Combat is fun, but has its challenging points (depending on your difficulty settting). And some of the upgrades are pretty sweet. if you enjoy a good hack & slash- this game will fill the bill."
76561197976347301,Not Recommended,234080,9057402,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ah1337,"Fixed Camera sucks, Jump and Run sequences are regularly encounterd which adds for me another source of frustration especially in combination with the FIXED CAMERA.Combat is boring, although beautifully animated... boss fights are run/dodge and then a few combos to finish them up - you fail? oh somehow all the bosses seem to possess regeneration so it is the same sh..stuff all over again."
76561198020970489,Recommended,234080,9057585,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,marty mcfly,"Wow way to revive the series this game is truely epic! think god of war meets devil may cry with the whole castlevania theme and bosses/enemies. was really lucky to get this on a steam sale, includes 2 dlc expansions with ultimate edition so no additional content to buy. looks great plays great and a feature to always go back and replay any part of the game you loved with new challenges after completion. good way to beef up if you get to a harder part and feel you could use more upgrades."
,Not Recommended,234080,9057639,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Emo,"DISCLAIMER - I COULD ONLY MAKE IT ABOUT 30 MIN INThis game gets my a fake award for both 'Most Nauseating Camera' and ‘Stop telling me what to do god dang it!’It wins the first for making me almost vomit. I mean, wow. I’ve never been this close to vomiting, while playing a game. It constantly moves, shakes or wobbles. I’m fine with fixed positions, sometimes they’re really cool! But only if done right. If you do it wrong, the customers may come close to vomiting on their keyboards. Some will do it anyway, if only to make point.This game has control issues and doesn't trust you to do anything by yourself. Constantly moving the camera to tell you what to do and when. And always with the text. Press RT to grapple, Press RT to loot, Do this, do that. Maybe tell me once or twice. But when you feel the need to tell me for a fifth time, just stop. Please? Can we please talk about the ridicilous jingle that accompanies the text? Grrr.Patrick Steward is great. The rest is laughable. Lines are rushed and they don’t really seem to care. There might be better actors further in, but when the protagonist fails this miserably, no hope is to be regained.The visuals are great. Yay! Score one!Wouldn’t reccomend it."
76561197967937252,Recommended,234080,9058138,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,QsR*-entrails_770,Ok need to get a controller pretty unplayable on kb ...:(
76561198038110062,Recommended,234080,9059000,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Yusuq Amadic,"A God of War for the pc, but without the God of War. It's a fun game but controls can be quite tricky even using an xbox controller. Know that the camera is fixed so your right stick will be useless. If you want a hack and slash game, for the pc, then by all means you should get this. If you want a Castlevania game theeeeen maybe go play them on the Snes or get this on a very cheap sale."
,Recommended,234080,9061003,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dick Lightning,oh HELL YES!
76561197993248610,Recommended,234080,9061118,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"This game oozes quality. The enviroment, story, and voice acting are all above and beyond what most games give you. The combat and leveling are good aswell, you'll be button mashing different combos for the most part. I can not think of a single place where they decided to go cheap on this game. Oh you wonder about Replay?, yeah check that one off too. You'll find hidden♥♥♥♥♥♥on every level and the items you don't find they'll let you know you left behind, so no need for guides. Hidden items don't make or break you either, they just give you more health or magic. All and all pick this one up if you got the cash. I'm not a big hack n' slash guy but i enjoy this game."
76561198043578036,Recommended,234080,9061726,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Cydonian Fox,"Talk about reviving a franchise, Lords of Shadow does a masterful telling the story of Gabriel belmont and his rise to power. Gameplay mechanics are incredibly well done as your combos gracefully decimate your foes. The music score provides a great atmosphere although nothing too memorable. All in all a great game that everyone should give a try."
,Not Recommended,234080,9049777,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"As you can tell, I didn't play much of this game. That's because it's very hard to not be annoyed by it.This game should be called Castlevania: Corridor of Quicktime. That's because it's all it is: a big long corridor until you find enemies, where you punch the enemies for a little bit until the cutscene yanks the game out of your hand or you're prompted to do timed button presses, instead of just letting you kill the enemies like a real game. It's really annoying and makes you tired very fast.Do you think it looks a bit like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night? Or at least like Castlevania: Curse of Darkness? Think again. There's no map whatsoever. Why would you need it if it's just a big corridor of a game? There's no variety. Everything is scripted for you to just follow the path.It looks beautiful but there's the excuse of a game you have to play to see the rest, so it's not like you feel like doing it after a while. You just turn it off and do a bad review on Steam instead, I guess.Want a game where you level up and explore to find stuff? Buy a Castlevania game… but not this one."
,Recommended,234080,6016814,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,b0oCoCkY,best game i have played in a LOOONNGGG time :D
76561198083586825,Recommended,234080,9050228,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,aGilgamesh,"Great game, more so if you love action games such as god of war and its ilk. The story, combat, characters and world are not as bad as people often make it sound. Most that complain are diehard caslte fans who grew up playing it as a 2d platformer anc cry out sacrilege at a studio that is trying its hardest to revitalize an old game. So give the demo a try, look on youtube and  give it a buy...plus its cheap too!"
76561198039896833,Recommended,234080,9050375,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bets,GREAT GREAT GREAT GAME!
76561198054270740,Not Recommended,234080,9050648,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,viejodani,"I waited some time to get a better laptop to play games like this one and I was very disappointed of the game. While the gameplay is smooth, the controls work and teh story is not bad. The game feels... empty. I don't feel the connection between me and teh character I play as and ,many fights are so methodically predictive. you get more challenges with enemies than bosses and a game like this drags a lot. I couldn't continue playing since I felt bored. As a Castelavia fan since the NES, this game does not feel right as en entry in the series."
76561198005895110,Recommended,234080,9051050,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,onyxghost,"The only complaint I have so far is that the auto follow camera is slightly annoying in places but other then that, this is a reboot to the series to be built upon. the combat is solid, the platforming is barely existant though, at least its not terrible by any means. The story is pretty rad so far and the graphics and settings are beautiful."
76561198008692494,Not Recommended,234080,9044146,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Dr. Sedula,"The game is incredibly frustrating if a mouse and keyboard are your only options for controlling the action.The game itself looks visually slick and promising but, without a game controller, most non-leet PC gamers will die too often to maintain the level of fun. Even the tutorial fights had me respawning numerous times because of control awkwardness -- the keys are re-mappable, but this wasn't as helpful as I expected it would be -- and autosaves that save your progress at low health points in the middle of battles only make matters worse. The combination of the two is as frustrating as it is deadly."
,Recommended,234080,9044163,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Evernight,Really great game.  Tight controls - rewarding combat - great graphics and level design.
,Recommended,234080,9011694,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,creeper+,very enjoyable however thedlc is very poor show indeed considering the actual depth and story of the game its self.
,Recommended,234080,9028279,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Having only played the older Castlevania games on the NES long ago, I can honestly say that I was very curious with this reboot as a modern version. And, it was well founded as the game really impressed me on various aspects! Without spoiling too much, this game follows the journey to redemption of Gabriel Belmont, an orphan taken cared of by the Brotherhood of Light. He wants to save the world from the Dark Lords of Shadow and also, avenge the murder of his wife. What he hasn't planned was how this journey will unfold all throughout his travels until he meets his fate at the end.PROS:+Solid Porting to PC (played the game with the XBOX 360 gamepad which was well suited for this action game... can't comment as for Keyboard+Mouse controls as I haven't tried them).+Fun gameplay (reminiscent of God of War playstyle).+Challenging combat (the game is quite hard on ""normal mode already"").+Ultimate Edition = Includes the two story DLC set right after the endgame.+Fantastic crafted world, diverse levels, incredible atmosphere and amazing HD visuals for a port too!+Excellent voice acting (Robert Carlyle, Patrick Stewart, Jason Isaacs, to name a few).+Epic orchestrated soundtrack.+Great boss fights.+High replayability if you seek to unlock everything and get achievements.CONS:-Awkward camera positioning. (Since you have no control of the camera, it can become problematic while navigating, exploring and especially during combat).-Inaccurate platforming and pacing issues (WAY TOO MANY PUZZLES that slows down the pace of the game).-LOTS of Quick-Time Events.RECOMMENDATION:Absolutely! You crave an action game with good gameplay, awesome story and with an incredible atmosphere? Get Castlevania: Lords of Shadow Ultimate Edition! I just hope Lords of Shadow 2 won't take too long to release now on PC!RATING:8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,234080,3932265,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Sugah Spice,"Отличная игра! Уверен ,что Вы не потеряете зря времени и денег.Рекомендую."
76561198062751091,Recommended,234080,9285294,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,iFapAlot ♥,i am currently playing this game and its great! going to see Castvania: LoS 2 after this for sure!
,Not Recommended,234080,9288026,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Helios,"A bloated mess of stolen, badly executed ideas and nonsensical storytelling terribly paced by failed movie directors who hate games."
76561198041362382,Recommended,234080,9291595,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,brian23gibson,"seriously can't recommend this game enough. fast paced action, very long campaign for its genre, excellent voice acting, PLOT TWISTS!!!!!, absolutely breathtaking scenery and one of my personal favourite castlevania games in the series"
76561198037431401,Recommended,234080,9278505,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Chuckles,"Incredible highly underrated game. Boss fights that take you back to Shadow of the Colossus days. Really great challenge on highest difficulty. Camera mucks you up a fair share but a minor frustration compared to the rest. One of the best ways to show off the artwork progress and team behind it in any game I have ever played. It was the first time I even looked at a games artwork... which goes to show it was thrown in there in a nice easy to handle way. For the price it was during the sale, it has been one of my top 10 buys so far. Dracula is in fact, the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198002543282,Recommended,234080,9278808,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,kirisute,Had this game on PS3 and played it for awhile until the Ultimate edition became available on the PC.This versions add the DLC and of course hits the higher res and framrates of a decent gaming rig and as such is the afr better version to own!The game itself is fairly rinse and repeat once you have the basics down; its Devil may Cry or Bayonetta or any other of the games of similar ilk.What sets Castlevania appart however is the depth of lore and feel the game brings. Enviroments are stuffed with detail and feeling. The voice acting is gerenally very good which all adds to the atmosphere created in the game.There are a few niggles here and there; one later level sees you trapped in a music box and the way it is played out forces the player back and forwards on numerous occasions...the issue isnt so much the design of the level but the constant repeat of dialog and the sections within it just leaves a bad taste in your mouth after the constant forward progress of previous levels.Character design is very good throughout the game with the various enemies allowing for a bit of a mix up in the combat techniques and some nice quicktime events being thrown to the general melee on occasion.all in all a solid way to spend a few hours of mindless gaming.
76561198065017939,Recommended,234080,9279519,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Russian Badger,FAN ♥♥♥♥ING TASTIC GAME  BY KONAMI  TOTALLY TOP OF THE LINE! ! !
,Recommended,234080,9280597,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,( i ) EL TOPO,"Castlevania, God of War-style,  with Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart in the major roles. What else do you need to know?"
76561198069957468,Recommended,234080,8848856,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,cyberNurgle,I highly recommend this game. It takes traditional Castlevania elements and blends them into a Gothic style hack-n-slash. The voice acting was top-notch and the plot was very engaging. This is a great retelling of the Castlevania series and the DLC adds more to the story. Definately worth playing.
76561198008016257,Recommended,234080,8454256,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,charlienhelen,Awesome
,Recommended,234080,13276256,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Arkveveen,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a game that tries very hard to steer the franchise into a different direction, and of all the 3D Castlevania games, it mostly succeeds. Instead of the usual Metroidvania style gameplay, which is wonderful by the way, we have something that feels a lot like God of War, Devil May Cry, sprinkled with some area traversal and platforming from Uncharted. Overall, this is a damn solid game with a ton of value, because it will take at least 15 hours to complete! Good combat, lovely visuals, epic story, awesome light/dark magic mechanics, cool boss fights, and a HUGE variety of locales!I'll talk about the flaws present in this game, because it's not all a Castlevania game can be. There's a ton of useless combos that are difficult to remember, as the game seems to encourage button mashing most of the time, but I did my best to do a variety of attacks. Some enemies are challenging, while some are just difficult beyond belief, while the bosses remain pitiful and easy most of the time, except the final boss and perhaps two other bosses. Some enemies or bosses do a good job discouraging button mashing, but it's not always the case.The music is good, but it didn't feel anything like Symphony of the Night or other Castlevania games. It made the game feel more like a generic melodramatic fantasy adventure at the few beginning chapters, until later when it steadily felt more and more like a Castlevania game. Nothing much else to complain about the audio, the voice acting is good, and Patrick Stewart as Zobek is just AWESOME. Until near the very end, which I won't spoil.The visuals are mostly stellar, with detailed textures, but I found a lot of strangely low res textures, but overall the environments are simply spectacular! Although you will often find yourself doing Uncharted style area traversal, with platforming that is sometimes impossible to fail, they serve to let you take in the eyecandy around you most of the time. Also, the lighting isn't the best, because a huge majority of the time the main character or enemies won't even cast shadows!Overall, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a strange beast. Some might view it as a write off or not that good of a game, because it appears to copy other games and ideas, but I'd like to view it more as paying homage to those concepts while steering the franchise in a different direction. In the end, this is a damn solid game that runs great on PC!"
,Not Recommended,234080,14123190,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Magnusti,"Unplayable for pc mouse and keyboard. Poor port from the console, many graphical glitches. Got this from xmas sale and didn't payed much, prefer more ps3 version."
,Recommended,234080,14329341,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"Patrick Stewart telling a story about werewolves and vampires while we trek through gloriously detailed environments while hacking and slashing creatures of lore, following a man driven by vengence. Definately worth the play. Thanks Patrick! 10/10"
,Recommended,234080,4232591,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,DazzBoomer,"Well I try not to recommend ANY game unless it is truly worthy. This is one of them! The gameplay, graphic detail, background music, enemies, and  environment of the game including the way you enteract with the npc's is very well done. This is one game I HIGHLY recommend to anyone who loves beautiful graphics, fast intense game play, and very well composed music... It may not be a multiplayer game but anyone who has played any of the Castlevania games will not go wrong with this one added to their collection as well!  I do however, recommend using an xbox-360 gamepad to play it as it does play alot smoother than using a keyboard. The gamepad I use is an Afterglow 360 gamepad but Any xbox-360 gamepad will work with this game. For the price of this game, you can not go wrong!"
,Recommended,234080,14382559,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,HyperNewbie,"Solid overall game. Clean visuals, awesome particle work, creative character and environment design.Game mechanics can get pretty frustrating, and some levels are well designed while others seem like they were designed by a fresh intern who never played video games before.Fighting mechanics are too complicated. Hitboxes are nonsense. Just frame counters are hard to distinguish, hard to do, and unrewarded. In fact, dont bother, just roll and jump like a maniac."
76561198043114698,Recommended,234080,14771317,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Pru_Gen,As someone who has never gotten into playing castlevania   castevania lords of shadows is an amazing game i enjoyed the story and the awesome power ups as you continue playing the game. I only had a few problems with the game one being the platforming and accidentally jumping off ledges because the  platforms where to small . Over all its a great deal and it comes with the DLC with adds a few more hours to the game. If you are into Action Adventure Hack and Slash's I highly recommend  you pick this game up.
76561198093216593,Recommended,234080,14745054,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gabriel,"Ooh boy, where to begin... first off, I am a great fan of the Castlevania series and normally don't like reboots (like with a certain white haired half-devil guy). But I had fun playing this game. I even played it through two times, since none of the achievements registered on my first playthrough.One thing I did not like was the expansion. It is needed to complete the story ofGabriel turning into Dracula. It wasn't the story per se, that I didn't like, but the presentation. I would need to spoil too much to describe what I mean, but believe me when I say that the expansion felt rushed, like it was only created to fill the gap between part one and two.That said, I would definitely recommend this game to fans of the genre."
,Recommended,234080,14831560,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,JayTheTechGuy,Took me awhile to play this one but boy was it worth it.Pros+Amazing story and absolutely satisfying+Huge Boss Battles+Combat is fun and fast paced yet challenging+Lots of enemy AI to test your wits+Well paced and long enough (22hrs)Cons-Buggy camera angles-Weird jump momentsNear perfect game......This is what a port supposed to be9/10
76561198031033241,Recommended,234080,4033112,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,JanniJanson,HELL of a game
76561197990406921,Recommended,234080,15065376,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,So great it has a genre named after it
76561197980084102,Recommended,234080,15032971,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Escado,"It is pretty long for an Action-RPG, has several good twists, awesome endbosses and an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,234080,15117550,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,WingxofxRuin,"Should you play this game? Yes. Though I would caution fans of the original series to keep an open mind. The Lords of Shadow games are not connected to the main storyline in any way. You will see familiar names, quotes and story elements from past titles in the original canon but ultimately this reimagining is its own animal. Think of it as a short and sweet break from the patterns and pace of the original.The environments are beautiful and the character designs are detailed. The game can become a bit of a rage fest when the QTE sequences start and there is no way to turn them off (Something to smile about in LoS2). Though once you get into the rhythm of the gameplay it should be smooth sailing for the most part.The story is centered on Gabriel Belmont and the journey that sends a man with noble intentions down a cruel dark path. Looking back on the three games as a whole there is some parallel to the Legacy of Kain series. Lords of Shadow shows the beginning of a dark road, Mirror of Fate is the outcome of the events in LoS as seen from another point of view and Lords of Shadow 2 are the two perspectives coming together for the end game.If you're the type that enjoys seeing a video game character fall from grace only to rise up and make the darkness within their own, I highly recommend the Castlevania: Lords of Shadow series, starting with this Ultimate Edition."
,Recommended,234080,14073374,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,HeadshotPaul,"Beautiful visuals, engaging story and i thoroughly enjoyed the fluid combat system... I genuinly loved this game! And the soundrack is amazing."
,Recommended,234080,14293516,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Morfation,"OK so, I am a huge huge fan of the Castlevania series, the story is awesome.The graphics in this game are beautiful and the boss fights are almost cinematics. However some of the controls are difficult to use. Don't get me wrong as I said, this is a beautiful game and the music is captivating, but it seriously leaves much to be desired for."
76561197961558280,Recommended,234080,14279948,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,AlexFabZZ,"If you played any of the God of War games you will feel right at home with Lords of Shadow. The main character primary weapon is very similar to Kratos' chained blades. It's a fun hack n slash, full of puzzles and a compelling storyline with strong voice acting (Robert Carlyle, Patrick Stewart, Vanessa McElhone, to name a few). The only problem I encountered was that in a few occasions to get past a boss, the player is required to perform a 360, which is very easy to do on a console's joystick but not so easy using a keyboard. So you may want to play this on a joystick right from the start, or download a macro, like I did since I don't have one, to be able to advance in the game.However, the 2 DLCs that came free with this Ultimate version (Reverie and Ressurection) irritated me the most. The platforming and puzzles are waaaaay harder on both, usually requiring split second decisions to complete succesfully. If you dont like to die-repeat-die-repeat 20 times every 5 minutes I suggest you stay away from the DLCs and just watch the walkthoughts on Youtube to keep up with the story."
,Recommended,234080,13400194,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,VOODOOSAMURAI,This game brings me back fighting with simon Belmont although its not a 2D Scroller it maintains a classic feel with all the new age goodness. Few irritating glitches thou but quite frankily it so complex its understandable.
76561197982686156,Recommended,234080,9626681,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,xlurk,"Update: all the control issues mentioned below in a previous review (between the quotes) have been fixed, if you wanted to buy this game but didn't because of this review, hesitate no longer.""Be warned the controls for this game are unacceptability bad here's why:Your keyboard and mouse input will be stored in such a way that if you can press buttons faster then the animation can play (which will be true with even the fastest computer) then your button presses will continue to play long after you've stopped input WITH NO WAY to cancel them, (ie. massive input lag is possible).There is a sequence in the game the requires you to press buttons to simulate a joystick rotation, this sequence is impossible to complete without adjusting the video and using an keyboard input script (even when there is no video lag at all)Many will say controls are okay and qualify that you have to buy a gamepad to play this game, since its not listed in the system requirements any gamer saying this is DEAD WRONG.  If they can't be bothered to make a quality port from a console game they do not deserve your money.  Games that have split second button sequences must have perfect controls, NO EXCEPTIONS.This doesn't make the game unplayable, just certain parts are much more frustrating because changing the difficultly level does nothing to fix these problems.   If you can tolerate certain parts of the the game being unpredicabilly difficult/frustrating (with mouse and keyboard controls), you could still enjoy this game."""
76561198040703965,Recommended,234080,4680992,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,sandyman2010,"Good Adventure, must have!"
,Recommended,234080,8463702,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Olden Knight,"I was one of the many that grew up with Castlevania, playing as the Belmonts or Alucard to kill the evil Dracula. Now what this game delivered is not defining combat or visuals, but such a intricate story about a man who slowly finds himself getting consumed by darkness.The combat can be compared to that of God of War, yet instead of evasive attacking, it involves more of a defensive style where you choose want to attack.  Dark / Light modes that offer boost attack or healing with various abilities and just general platforming and puzzles.This is a game where you play for the story yet if you wish for a challenge, the difficulty can be ramped up enough to where it feels like you are banging your head against a stone wall."
76561197991921621,Recommended,234080,8463709,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Djanarak,"This game was a visual delight to play and had some rather challenging boss fights, the sort you die a few dozen times before you realize you can't charge at them head-on all the time. The combat moves are plentiful and allow for complex combination attacks. Music is just downright amazing, and draws you into the game as much as the story and visuals. As most people mentioned, the camera is a b1tc# and a half, and at times you have to suffer playing through camera angles that might look great to someone watching you play the game, but are downright nauseating to the player. The folks at Mercury Steam deserve a round of applause for this masterpiece, which could only be made better through 1920x1080p graphics (instead of the rather edgy 720p used). I'd give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,234080,8528203,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,FauxDragoon,A top-notch score and an all-star cast of voice actors make for one truly amazing reboot of an old time favorite franchise.
76561198045377448,Recommended,234080,8531526,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,mseizovic,"As a long time fan of the Castlevania series, Castlevania: LOS is a massive change to the tried and tested ""Metroidvania"" style that dominated the PSone and Nintendo DS consoles. Is the change a good one though? The answer is an emphatic ""YES!""The game is much more linear than previous games, however, Konami has worked hard on taking the player through an incredible story and building an impressive and immersive universe. The basic premise of previous games is there (ie. the legendary Belmont clan waging war against vampires and other creatures of the night), although fans of the older games will quickly notice that the overarching story is considerably different from the established canon. Take my word for it though, the Lords of Shadow saga is EPIC and will continue to be that way for the second installment due out in Feb 14. I won't spoil the story for anyone, but yes, Dracula is in the game...and Gabriel Belmont is a serious badass.Combat resembles God of War somewhat, although I would rate it better than the GOW series for the simple fact that each of the boss battles is very different and forces you to make use of every one of your skills and relic powers. Bosses are absolutely massive and these encounters resemble much of ""Shadow of the Colossus"".I've played and finished this on both PS3 and PC, trust me - totally worthwhile.9/10"
,Recommended,234080,6280353,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Andrew Wallace,"Great story, great graphics, great gameplay. Buy it"
,Recommended,234080,7933341,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RAZ,If you can configure the controls to your liking or use a gamepad its a great game.  Much like Darksiders 1/2.
,Recommended,234080,7961335,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Heartwork79,"This is a MUST PLAY for Castlevania Fans and people who like good action adventures like God of War - great combat system, great story, great atmosphere - totally recommend it"
,Not Recommended,234080,12213845,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,rickylows2,dont like it thought ill be playing a good game after playing the game and was also expecting something like the orginal castlevanina games not this
,Not Recommended,234080,713407,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,KillsForCookies,Horribad....From the awkward combat of hit hit hit roll hit hit pull to beat all to the stiff movements of the main character.Eventhough the voice cast is tripple A the quality is sub par for most rolls.Bland story wich doesnt motivate at all to push through the game.Youll follow a single line [ofton fairly literal seeing its linear as hell]and when you come to a spot that allows you to move around youll either be showcased the ''beautiful'' surroundings or have to fight off some mobs.Just a fair warning....
,Recommended,234080,12417764,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Child of Carnage,"This game surprised me.Pros: Fun combat, pretty environments, good voice acting, plenty of gameplay (around 16 hours long)Cons: Derivative of other hack-and-slash games, puzzles and bosses can be a bit easy, occasional irritating combatVerdict: If you want a decent action game with fun combat and plenty of playtime, check it out."
76561198094371269,Recommended,234080,12444029,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Azrael Ventage,"One of the best games out of the series i have played and yes before you ask I have played them all thought not on steam. This one starts a bit slow but quickly gains to the castlevanina feel. Draw back and there is only onw to me what happened to open word exploration, has it to become the past? to linear but other then that A great game i give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,234080,11550005,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mai with Love,let's you see how a man's life go♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dracula/10 actually dis game dont sucks(atleast not by Gabriel)
76561198012853578,Recommended,234080,11624168,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,z00n1x,great game i recommend it to Castlevania fans
,Recommended,234080,11652210,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Simon / Haywire,"Great game, awesome gameplay and even better story. 10/10"
76561198072182182,Recommended,234080,9274545,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Though it's a bit slow in spots, this epic beat 'em up has about a billion groovy sights to show you.  I think it's pretty cool that Gabriel Belmont has this sort of tank-like ""mound of meat"" feel, echoing the lead-a**ed heroes from the original NES installments."
76561197998135402,Recommended,234080,9745428,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Shiroka,"This Game is a Reboot and Origins in one.Many known Names (Rodolfi, Orloc, etc.) as Enemies from the Original Storyline are included.It has a DMC/GoW Playstyle, but it is far more tactical due to the Enemies killing you faster if you don't block/avoid.The Architecture at some point is breathtaking (Vampire Castle!) and there is a good mix of ambientation.There are some quite good Puzzles in this Game. For those who have problems there also extra hints, but you loose all the EXP for solving it.It is recommended to play with Controller, rather than Mouse/Keyboard.Expect to play over 20+ hours only for walking through (Unless you want to beat every Level Challenge and collect all Pickups in the Game)"
,Recommended,234080,12097152,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Fiveby5industries,"Ummm, my first review on Steam... Well, i don't have enough good things to say about this game, so i'll keep it concise. Gameplay is viwed from a fixed camera angle, although it is 3D, this is a good thing as it lets the developers show you the scenery THEY want to show you. Also, it frees up more buttons for moves and combos. Graphically it's superb, i'm on my second playthrough and it hasn't lost its sparkle, even after two years.This game is far superior to its sequel, mainly due to the variety in its environments and enemies. If you like games with beautiful natural scenery, deep combat and involving stoylines, then this one's for you!"
76561198023601686,Recommended,234080,7604457,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,苦境信使,Unusual-perfect port
,Recommended,234080,12218214,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Azure Schakal,"Amazing, amazing game. Just a straight home-run with this one. I'd seen that the reviews were good for this, and i've always been a fan of the castlevania series ever since I played Symphony of the Night, but I decided to reserve my judgement til I played it myself. For this one, they got everything right, the combat is detailed, but easy to pick up. The story is just...wow, and the characters are actually memorable. Not to mention it's actually a very good PC port. It's something everyone should play at least once. 10/10"
76561198098065996,Recommended,234080,8357238,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fernixc,THe best saga ever need the lords of shadow 2
76561197996091373,Recommended,234080,8348131,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Yumo,before buying this game you should prepare yourself for keyboard only control (recommend that you play with a xbox/ps3-contoller) and also some wonky camera angles. The game is fun and has gorgeous graphics.
,Recommended,234080,8370975,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,{Component},"Beautiful graphics, creepy than Resident Evil 5-6, various moves with awesome effects (basic, advanced , relic) & good story tellings. Mercury Steam dev team did great job in this Castlevania version. What i missed in this game is the boomerang weapon i used to throw alot in the Nintendo 8 bit version :D But overall, i give 4 stars out of 5 for this game."
,Recommended,234080,8299559,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Floor,"Early impressions are good, loving the big monster fights and graphics. Castlevania is providing a decent challenge on the hardest starting difficulty, will definately play more!"
76561198046845597,Recommended,234080,8425769,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,trickytrickett,Suprisingly good
,Recommended,234080,8428012,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,enthralledecay,"The combat is very enjoyable accompanied with awesome music and good story. Having played couple old Castlevania games on Nintendo DS, I can say that this game has very similar great gameplay of the older games, in 3D. The levels are linear and exploration is limited (too bad).I recommend playing with controller. Also if you have 3D Vision setup, make sure to grab the fix from Helixmod (game is 2x better in S3D in my opinion)."
,Recommended,234080,8423839,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,shadowrun4ever,"A very good game !A like castelvania and platforms games.... and I'm really happy with this sequel.It's not like the ""old""  castelvania  games, but everything is really well done : graphics, music, story, and bosses.As for the ""old""   castelvania  games, you need to go back to previous places in order to unlock or get items (like in metroids..).I'm now waiting for the sequel, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 which will be launched in 2014.I know it's not possible but a co op mode will be great for this game...."
76561197970903129,Recommended,234080,8412135,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,svartkub,"This is just the third Castlevania game I've played, so I can't really tell if it fits the Castlevania-""feel"" or not.As a pure adventure game it has got a lot to offer: nice graphics, gorgeous vistas, cool monsters, epic bosses, and an interesting story with superb voice acting from Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart. It is also very long, so you definitely get your money's worth from this one.It is virtually littered with cut scenes that drives the story forward, with most of them skipable.The game is split in chapters containing a varying amount of levels. Every finished level, in any chapter, can be played again right after it is finished the first time. This comes in handy if you didn't find (or couldn't get to) every item in that particular level.To add some extra replayabilty, a trial is also unlocked for every finished level. Some of these are a cakewalk, and some are painstakingly hard.The gameplay is a mix of platforming and fighting. The platforming is pretty straightforward and easy, but will sometimes punish you if you get sloppy. The fighting works really well once you get the hang of all the combos and the dodge and block moves. There is also frequent use of action buttons, which could be irriitating, but works pretty good here (kinda).The ordinary gameplay is broken off with the occasional puzzle and boss fight. Some of the puzzles are really clever and you need your brain, raher than your reflexes, to beat them. As for the boss fights, I played the game on normal difficulty, and though some of the bosses were really challenging, it never felt hopeless fighting them. Just a couple of tries later the adventure continued.This ultimate edition also contains a ton of unlockable, very nice artworks, as well as some other in-game extras.It also contains two DLC chapters, and here comes my only real issue with this game. Don't get me wrong, they both look as good as the earlier game, and also serves to flesh out and deepen an already great story. The thing is that they try to make it last longer by riddle it with puzzles, as opposed to the earlier game when they were occasional, and some irritatingly hard platforming sequences. There is also a boss fight that many probably will find a bit unfair (I found it reeeeeally f-ing hard on just normal difficulty and I rage quit more than once).Besides that last part, I can do nothing but recommend this excellent adventure game. I will definitely buy LoS 2 when it arrives to PC."
76561198027893919,Recommended,234080,8416261,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Xarlos,"Bought this on the Steam sale for $10.  Still worth it for $15, IMO.The voice acting is decent, and the combat is fairly challenging, or at least you actually have to pay attention and use some strategy.  Began on Knight difficulty (hardest available).  However, at times it feels like the game ""cheats"" at some points and it can be very unforgiving on you the way it autosaves.Hit detection is fairly poor, as enemies can begin swinging, and you'll be damaged before their weapon actually physically reaches you.  Almost none of your attacks will interrupt an enemy, when almost every enemy attack will interupt yours.  I've also had a few times I've gone into a battle with full magic, died, and began at the autosave point with none.You ARE going to die often, and if you started a fight after an autosave with very little health, you'll be stuck with that.  Same goes with boss battles.  Additionally - when you end one chapter (or part of) and begin another, you are NOT granted full health / magic.  Not sure if that is an aspect of the difficulty level, or the game design, but these end to some bouts of replaying a fight a good number of times needing to get things perfect to survive.  Though, I believe you *can* turn the difficulty down at anytime if you are cowardly enough.I'd recommend it.  Also - there's always a demo if you're not sure it's for you.  The demo stays pretty true to the rest of the game's content."
,Recommended,234080,7626210,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,B00giep1mp,"Great game, worth the time investment and looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,234080,7890479,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,PlakRast,"A good beat-em-up in 3d with a castlevania theme, with good controls. The graphics are nice, but if nothing else plagues this game, beware the camera angles. I'm still learning to tolerate them, but it's been worth it so far for the game itself."
,Recommended,234080,4348670,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,"Cajito, the Cat King","It's so great that I'll finally have the chance to play this epic on my PC. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is the start of an amazing tale, reinventing the myth behind the Castlevania Series. The gameplay might seem a bit 'stolen', but let's face it: is it the only one? I like to think it's more of a 'best of' from most games. Also, terrific voice acting, and excelent character portrayal. To me, what matters most, is the story. As simples as it is, it's still well developed and most importainly, well told. If fits this new universe, and things can only get better from here."
76561198028024236,Recommended,234080,3842487,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Blast,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - получилась шикарным слешером. Она соблюдает канонический ритм, аккуратно чередуя динамические битвы с пазлами и скачками по карнизам, а в конце расцветает разнообразием игровых ситуаций и декораций. Эффектный дизайн локаций уверенно подкрепляется достойной графикой - картинка порой просто завораживает. Отличная боёвка с разными комбами, которая легко осваивается, много всяких QTE (то, что я люблю), интересный сюжет иногда с неожиданными поворотами, который доставляет кучу эмоций! Теперь я ещё больше жду 2-ую часть. 9 из 10."
,Recommended,234080,7877828,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Electric Blue,"Yes, I like it, Gothic setting, fun action gameplay but it's a little hard though."
76561198007237948,Recommended,234080,7533624,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,BlackRock Saber,"This game rocks as it is...the way it plays is challenging, camera views is awesome, not like those othre games that you can turn to make things easy. You gotta do everything on your own and think unless you are lazy and just pop cheat and dont care for your rewards. The other thing is that if you own a 3D monitor you will play this game in a whole new perspective...like seeing yourself getting ♥♥♥♥ed up firm trolls in a 360 angle and a giant coming at you and oh dont forget your enviironment...it looks badass."
76561197971657714,Recommended,234080,7903892,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Stilghar,"A fun, beautifully rendered game.I firmly believe, however, that there is a special place in Hell for the sadists who design the Clock Tower levels in these games."
,Recommended,234080,9894266,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,brokenisfixed,Great Action / Adventure / Hack & Slash :) Well though out skills and gameplay systems do not allow the game to become a simple button-mashing experience and is a joy to play using a multitude of different weapons / combos and mobs.
,Not Recommended,234080,11876323,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,havoceternal,"I was unable to play this game due to some sort of control lag. Basically I hit one key and it continues to execute that command until it wants to stop. I hit the jump key once and the protagonist is jumping around on a trampoline. I liked the keyboard only setup, but was unable to enjoy it any. A quick Google search revealed I was not the only one to experience this issue and all suggested fixes failed to mend the problem. I'll try again with new video card."
76561198057023052,Recommended,234080,10621540,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bad Juju,"great game , but has controller issues there has been lot of discussions about particular stage where the character has to throw a stone back at a colossus and it's extremely difficult while playing from keyboard /PC  xbox controller must be piece of cake for this game"
,Recommended,234080,13277542,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TwistedRaven,"This game is a reboot of the Castlevania series. Quite different of the original style but still doesn't fall behind.It's been turned into a hack 'n' slash with exploration and puzzle elements, and it's pretty great.The story it's pretty decent, with a sequel up to the second game. It's definitly worth a buy."
,Recommended,234080,7396856,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Valassi,"A great entry in the Castlevania series. Great, great story that is suprisingly deep and well-thought out with a cast of compelling and memorable characters further enhanced by excellent voice acting (by Robert Carlyle and others). As a Castlevania game there are of course puzzles which end up being rather clever and a lot of fun to solve as they are neither too complex nor too easy with only one that I found frustrating.Gameplay and combat are well done and fun with sweet-looking and powerful combos à la Devil May Cry/God of War/Bayonetta which become increasingly more badass and useful as you unlock them through an effective leveling-up and upgrade system. The enemies and environments are also epically MASSIVE at times & nicely varied and appropriately thematic as you first battle werewolves as you progress towards the lycan lord in forested areas, followed by vampires in a sinister and GIGANTIC European castle and its environs where you confront the necessary vampire master and finally a swampy area filled with zombies and its lich lord.The only short-coming I can think of it that most enemies can become easy to defeat once you unlock the faeries and especially the ultimate magic moves towards the 2nd half/end of the game, but come on, you get to ride & control bear-like lycans and huge spiders and use them to rain glorious PAIN upon those foolish enough to oppose a Belmont xD! Oh, it's also a little unfortunate that there is no element of free-roaming and that each new area is encapsulated by invisible walls or cliffs/etc as it would have been a real treat to explore the spooky and menacing landscapes but I wasn't overly bothered by this. However it really would have been nice as well as an added additional layer of immersion to the game if there were NPCs (villagers, survivors) that you could interact with and that would provide you with side-quests.9/10"
,Recommended,234080,13261012,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,salxicha,"Fantastic game far better on PCs, due to 60 FPS, than the consoles versions.History develops well with epic bosses and battles having an outcome notably influenced by Hideo Kokima style being one of the greatest ""The End""s of all time (in my conception).Combat system is very well made and the IA is challenging, it isn't a ""smash the same button"" brawler.I recomend playing this downsampling from 4K if you can since the enviroments are breathtaking."
,Recommended,234080,13275609,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Gutsgrinder,"A really great game with a great history. I'd like it but the control issues are really annoying.Any way, I think it's a game that everyone will enjoy."
,Recommended,234080,24181507,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jão,GOD OF WAR
,Not Recommended,234080,24177879,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Palchan,"I really enjoyed playing the previous Castlevania games on GBA and DS, and was expecting a similar experience when I started playing this. Unfortunately the only thing from Castlevania that this game takes is the story. The gameplay of this game is completely linear and reminds me more of Dark Souls than anything Castlevania. I completed the first 2 chapters of this game, but I won't both finishing it."
,Recommended,234080,6803118,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Bonnie Pink,The Ultimate Vampire Killer!  A must play for Castlevania fans!  Its whippin' time!
,Recommended,234080,25325357,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Timatius,Good old days Gabriel (Crying Inside)
,Recommended,234080,27195594,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vitaliyfx,"It's First in action-adventure|hack&slash games on PC and the Second only after God Of War II everywhere else.+ STORY, Characters and common pace of narration+ Tasty Gameplay and battles with Bosses+ Unique Atmosphere+ Fabulous Graphics and Art Style+ Advanced & hassle free PC port+ Great Soundtrack & Sound DesignWhat are You waiting for?"
,Recommended,234080,31258749,Posted: 20 April,all,Skully,Does Castlevania justice
,Not Recommended,234080,22769596,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LuckyDave,"This is my first time playing Castlevania: Lords of Shadow. I never got it on console. So far, I am loving it! Just finished the first chapter and it's already ranking among my favorite gothic action games. The controls are tight and fun, with thoughtful button mapping. I'm an old hat of the genre, playing dozens of hours of Devil May Cry (1, 3, and 4) and the original God of War since I was a kid. I've got to recommend this game with no reservations. Nabbed it on mid-week madness, but having played some already, it's completely worth full retail to me. If I had to buy it again knowing what I know now, sale or not, this would have to have a spot in my collection.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I wrote the above pretty shortly into my playthrough. In the end, I couldn't stand to finish the game. I admire the designers for what they put into the game, but it really left me wanting in too many areas by the time I put the game down. One chapter into the next seemed generally abrupt and the plot was often baffling. The central character was set up in one way and then, during cutscenes, without any player control, would do things that seemed completely horrible and out of character. The combat was fun and tight initially, but too often levels leaned on making their obstacles simply ""walk at normal pace, wait for a thing that's sometimes dangerous, walk slowly through muck, then walk some more."" Also, the later enemy types (and I mean just after the wolves in the tutorial) had far too abrupt animations, so that their attacks seemed perversely difficult to defend against, and in a 3D extreme action game, being able to follow the action and respond (although devilishly quickly) is core to delivering on the fantasy and core engagement of the game type. Really, I think preproduction went well, and I believe they put some of their best work into the beginning, as they were polishing up the game as much as they could, but overall they must have suffered some budget sequestration or something, but the quality of the puzzles and combat is wildly inconsistent. One early puzzle might be devilishly difficult, almost impossible to devise the solution of, but one significantly deeper into the game was the type of puzzle you might present a young child with to help them start practicing lateral thinking. Some fights felt fair and exciting, but so many of them were just punishingly arbitrary and hard to follow. Their visual vocabulary really left a lot to be desired. There were several places in outdoor environments where you could clearly see a spot that looked a lot like the platform that you were standing on, and it wasn't at all a part of the level at all, just nicely drawn trim. These sorts of mistakes in 3D exploration puzzle games are really frustrating. Finally, I found at least a few plot points and several of the secrets you get to read/hear from dead adventurers didn't fit into the core plot and action, and they either felt like a non-sequitur, a cloying attempt to endear themselves to the ""nostalgic gamer"" crowd, or both. This game is an incredible attempt and a disappointing failure. I recommend it to people who want to experience a case study in unmet ambition and nobody else."
,Recommended,234080,31211412,Posted: 17 April,all,DrVanillaDlck,"I just finished Castlevania: Lords of Shadow this past week, and really enjoyed it for the most part.Pros:The combat, I thought, was extremely satisfying, partially because the game supports 144Hz almost flawlessly. Progression, throughout the game, is very well done, leaving you feeling worlds more powerful by the end of the game than you were at the beginning of the story. Art direction and graphical fidelity is top notch, with each level having unique and engaging atmosphere. Puzzle Design was initially worrying, but ended up being one of my favorite aspects of the game by the end. Level Design, is sporadically brilliant, exploring sprawling mazes in search of secrets and powerups, with very few levels that truly frustrated me.Cons:The story itself, while passable, has mediocre presentation. The latter stages of the game almost ignore story entirely, with most of the final act's narrative delivered in a cut scene much longer than the rest just before the final fight. The pre-rendered cutscenes are low resolution and low frame rate. This means the game ends up looking nicer outside of these scenes, which was especially jarring because I believe they're rendered at 30fps and I was playing at 144. Lastly, control during camera shifts lags for a brief moment when entering new rooms or areas, leaving you continuing in the same direction you had last been moving. Normally not a huge issue, but occasionally frustrating and inconvenient.All in all a 7.5/10 for me. Would recommend if you're a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,234080,33448485,Posted: 10 July,all,Dasa,This game is ok while trying to pass the time.
76561198173174691,Recommended,234080,33487447,Posted: 12 July,all,gizmosage,"Very ggod Game, a lot o puzzles, nice combat mode, camera sucks, but the story is great!"
,Recommended,234080,33432530,Posted: 10 July,all,DJ Keens,"Fan of the Metroidvania games (SOTN FTW!) and was skeptical when this game was announced but it has become one of my favorite CastleVanias. The twist on the story is just epic, the gameplay is very God of War, and the graphics, especially on the PC, are still stunning to this day. While it doesn't really pacify my love exploring a new map with upgrades, it certainly does an outstanding job of keeping me interested. This is one of the few games I went to through the trouble of completing 100% (110%? lol).Bear in mind it's  a different kind of CastleVania. Take it for what it is. A very well done retelling. It may seem out of place, but on it's own stands strong as an alternate version of the CV events. I would love to see this arc continue on past LoS2."
76561198216519889,Recommended,234080,33548103,Posted: 14 July,all,robson.conteudo,"The great game , enjoiy it !!!"
,Recommended,234080,3999000,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Insane Tengu,"Good gameplay, fascinating story, gorgeous location design and graphics.This game is just a piece of art."
,Recommended,234080,2446897,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Ne[a]era,"Did not expect much from this game, but heard it was good and bought it on release day. After seeing the final cutscene, I can say that I am really blown away and I had never thought this game to end up so great! The story is a bit confusing at the beginning and the fighting system and the camera feel a bit strange (especially when coming from Dark Souls) but once you get used to it, you won't regret playing the best Action-RPG I played in a long long time! Most epic Bossfights and unexpected story twist are the cherry on top! Do NOT miss this diamond!"
,Recommended,234080,7431459,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,VITROANIMA,3P1C
76561197998305943,Recommended,234080,30566227,Posted: 17 March,all,kikea,"Kind of like an extended European, gothic fairy-tale with some titans. The story seems kind of hacked together from a grab-bag of cliches with an overarching Dracula origins story. Bring your dead wife back from the dead, save the world, exact revenge, dark vs light, good vs evil, ""you and I, we're the same you know"" etc. At least the dialogue is well spoken. The artistic direction and execution is incredibly strong, coherent yet varied and the game feels like an epic. It feels like I began a long time ago. I can't really think of a game which has nailed the Transylvania vibe like Werner Herzog's Nosferatu  or Francis Ford Capolla's Dracula. This does pretty well in the vamp sections.Spectacle fighting is at the core gameplay and it's not quite as good Metal Gear Revengeance, DMC or Killer is Dead. I found this ridiculous OP combo that I ended up relying on heavily in pretty much all situations. Most of the other moves were just kind of redundant. The gauntlet really never came in handy during a fight. However the light & darkness magic and health & magic management and a huge variety of enemies and combinations of enemies made combat much more interesting than hit/evade.A couple of other things set this game apart from a regular spectacle fighter. Firstly the camera was fixed. I actually liked it. Cinematic angles, really cleverly hid pick-ups, kept you focused & it was rarely a problem in combat. Also: puzzles. The game was paced much more slowly than other fighters and some levels had a much greater focus on puzzle solving than combat. Good game, not amazing but just inspired enough to recommend."
,Recommended,234080,2903559,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,LeanderBelmont,Score: 0 ~ 10Story: 10Gameplay: 9Art style: 10Graphics: 10Music: 10My score: 10
,Recommended,234080,17817983,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Phloon,"Solid art style and impressive voice acting, but not much else. A bland, uninspired brawler that offers nothing new but still works well.I give this game a Sir Patrick Stewart/10"
76561198037663467,Recommended,234080,17857481,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"This is my first review, but not my first rodeo.Synopsis: Gabriel Belmont of the famed Belmont family must defeat the Lords of Shadow to acquire their powers and heal the rift between heaven and earth which is allowing the forces of darkness to spread unopposed throughout the land.Overall Impression: A beautiful, epic experience strongly influenced (in my opinion) by Dante's Inferno, both the literary work and the video game. However, for those of you who have played Dante's Inferno (which was only on console I believe), this game is superior in every way.Graphics: Massive, haunting landscapes with excellent ambient effects such as rain and frost on the screen. I don't think the graphics could have been much better given the time and what the creators were aiming for.Sound: Adrenaline-driving Gothic-style soundtrack that picks up at exactly the right moments. Useful sound cues when an offscreen enemy has been spawned. Also, Patrick Stewart as the voice of Sean Connery/Ramirez (from Highlander) man. The weapons sound effects are substantial and pair well with the force feedback on an Xbox 360 controller.Controls/Gameplay: Flowing controls and somewhat simple combat/combo system which is conducive to button mashing. However, enemies usually dodge on the second or third strike so button-mashing is of limited utility.Pros: This is truly a stellar game, with immersive graphics and sound with an engrossing storyline somewhat in the vein of Dante's Inferno (both the literary work and the console game). Significant replay value for completionists.Cons: Not too many. If anything, the combo system could have used slightly more complexity to add more depth to the combat, but this may not have been feasible after everything was mapped out on the XBox controller (yes, you should definitely use one to play this game)."
76561197993288786,Recommended,234080,17552402,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Invest,Absolutely incredible this game! Play it with controller and disable vsync (causes flickering) and you will love it!
,Recommended,234080,22008655,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Doomsdrzej,"If you are a fan of God of War, you will find much to love in Castlevania: Lords of Shadow. The action is great, the collection of special items is well done and the story isn't as obnoxious as it could be. A recommended title."
76561198073371938,Recommended,234080,30739513,Posted: 25 March,all,ElderJohn,great series
,Recommended,234080,21064972,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Grafvolluth,"A good, solid hack 'n slash action game with a combat system that is as deep as you so choose.You could go through the whole game using only the basic attacks or you could use the advanced combos to tear through enemies and boss with ease.The difficulty gradually ramps up through the game, and while the common enemies will rarely give you much of a fight, it's the bosses that make this game shine. I heartily enjoyed virtually every boss fight. The puzzles weren't terribly hard but a nice diversion to keep things from being stale. Platforming elements were not too frustrating, barring one or two areas.It took me about 30 hours to finish on Knight (Hard) difficulty, which unlocks the Paladin (Very Hard) difficulty. At this time, I haven't played through on that difficulty yet, but in regards to replayability, there is a decent amount. To get 100% in this game, after you beat it you'll need to beat every level over again on the max difficulty and there is a trial that is unlocked after every level is finished that you will need to complete.At the time of this review the price for this game is $29.99, and I would recommend it at that price, and doubly so if you find it on sale which seems to occur fairly often."
,Recommended,234080,21029599,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Stu,"Loved the game. Leisurely completing the game and DLC with 44 hours. Amazing visuals, amazing story, and great soundtrack. It's what every 3D Castlevania wished it could have been.It took some time getting hooked into the story though, because they let on very little in the beginning of the game, and slowly stream it in over time. By the time I got to the castle (5-7h?), you couldn't pry me away from the game. By the end of the game you are begging for more story and insight into the characters. Beating the game on 'normal' was difficult in boss battles with a couple of deaths (outside of DLC boss, died for hours), but just right during normal gameplay, never really dying but definitely had moments where you really needed to be aware of your health, your enemy types, and strategize your moves around that. The game felt like it was built primarily for the controller, I used both and keyboard/mouse was a joke. Playing on hard was difficult to the point of being extremely frustrating, you could die with any encounter of a 'heavy' opponent, and good luck on boss battles, I should probably mention that I was also using keyboard/mouse during this test.After playing both this game and its sequel, I'm just sad that there isn't more."
,Not Recommended,234080,21029777,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,shiftedbeef,"This game feels AAA with good graphics and production values, but I was bored to tears playing it."
,Recommended,234080,20791334,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MondoMunchy,"While I miss the old school 2D side scroller Castlevania games - this game is extremely fun, and one of my favorites. It has a great story and its action paced environments are super fun to romp through and slaughter enemies."
76561197989659594,Not Recommended,234080,20795912,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,I should have bought this for a console. Crashy as hell.
,Recommended,234080,20764549,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,"Good game to play in S3D, looks nice.It has a bit of a mix of everything, hack and slash, puzzles, climbing, jumping and the story is good."
,Recommended,234080,21489887,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"Superb story, lore, platforming and hack n' slash gameplay. Level design was beautiful. There are some aspects that were very japanese that annoyed me as well as an inordinate amount of QTEs, but I powered through them"
76561198039075002,Recommended,234080,21637146,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ralphychris,"This game got a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥on it's release for being a God Of War clone. Yes, this game does play a lot like God of War, but to me, it plays better than God of War. The story of Gabriel Belmont is surpringly well written, the boss fights are fun (apart from the SOC clone boss fight) and again, it plays like a more refined and polished God Of War with the Castlevania twist."
,Recommended,234080,22143095,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DarkEco,"I honestly didn't think i'd like this game, but i was very mistaken. It doesn't reinvent the wheel when it comes to the hack 'n' slash genre, but it doesn't suck at it either.Can i just say this is the only game i've actually LIKED QUICK TIME EVENTS IN! They're not visual eyesores saying ""MASH X"". It still has some of that, but most of them are nice and subtle, and also engaing because they require precision timing in the middle of a battle.But enough about QTE's. The story isn't amazing but it's decent compared to most others in the genre. The world is gorgeous and i felt very immersed in it. The soundtrack is in my top 5 orchestral game scores of all time!If only the second game followed its older brother..."
,Recommended,234080,20166054,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,God Of War + Shadow of the Colossus + Dante's Inferno + Dark Souls ÷ Underworld Movie = Castlevania: Lords of Shadow
76561198185559541,Recommended,234080,20231383,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Thùnder Nékø,Is so good this gamesI recomanded it!!1
,Not Recommended,234080,20216558,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bunzinator,"This game was obviously designed for console, not PC. The controls defy any normal PC layout, and the camera angle is determined by the game, not by the player. Your mouse has been rendered a useless appendage - just shove it out of the way. If you can deal with this this, congratulations. I can't, and I don't have the time to spend learning a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  game interface. So I cannot recommend this as a PC game."
76561198024599917,Recommended,234080,20276313,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pantherr,"Well I read through the reviews before I bought this and most were positive, so I figured I would give it a try. I am very glad that I did. Although when I first stating playing it the whole static camera thing was very annoying as it was unlike any other game I had played.Then I realised that with the whole game being a ""story"" you are actually running around inside the pages, so it kinda makes sense. The game itself is very well done in my opinion. Great story, and characters voiced by some really great actors Like Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart.I found the controls easy to use and the combat was great, if not a little repetitive. However as an RPG it is definitely one that I would reccommend. I have not played the sequels as yet but I have them and am looking forward to playing them too."
76561198045923735,Recommended,234080,20440989,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Teraph G,"This is a ""I hate this game! Because of this and that and it's too hard"" and ""This is getting good"" game. Story is good. Biggest complaint is the camera. At certain parts of the game it doesn't really matter, however it is super annoying when you do notice it. I am going to have to give it a thumbs up though."
76561198052460818,Recommended,234080,20402231,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CallMeDaddy,"I have really enjoyed playingCastlevania - Lords of Shadow. With it's beautiful graphics and touching story,Lords of Shadowgets the players so interested in the game to the point where they can't lay down their controller until they have finished the game. This is also one of the very few games where I've actually gone ahead and unlocked every single achievement there was to it.Without spoiling too much,Castlevania - Lords of Shadowis supposed to be a reboot of theCastlevaniafranchise. The story however has almost nothing to do with the original games.The story's protagonist is Gabriel Belmont, a knight of the Brotherhood of Light order, whose sole purpose is to revive the love of his life, Marie, and destroy the lords of shadow, the enemies of god, who have brought darkness to the world during the Middle Ages.On the positive side, the game really brings us closer to the characters and keeps us intrigued throughout the whole game. The music is amazing and the gameplay and combat really satisfying. In addition its visuals and graphics are just about as good as it gets with video games. It's really all about the small details when it comes to video game graphics and this game hits every single spot. I've also seen criticism about the game being too long. In contrast, I really wished it was longer. More to explore, more to learn about the characters. The lenght of the game is fine as it is.Looking at the games difficulty, I could honestly say that the game is quite challenging when its difficulty is highered. At the same time the lower difficulties makes it playable even for those that are new to role playing games.On the negative side, as previously stated,Lords of Shadowsisn't much of a reboot to the original games. Die-hard fans of the franchise are probably going to wonder about how this relates to theCastlevaniafranchise.Another negative aspect is the camera. The game has a fixed camera. As a result and we can't admire the surroundings as much as we would want to.Furthermore the game is told through chapters and subchapters. Gabriel moves from place to place and we never get the chance to explore more of the world that he lives in.While there are some negative aspects to the game, overall I would stillstronglyrecommend the game to everyone that loves role playing games. People that liked games likeDark Souls, The Darksiders, God of War and Assasin's Creedcould find this game enjoyable and challenging at the same time. Overall I'd give this game a solid 8/10, but a 10/10 when it comes to graphics."
,Not Recommended,234080,20430768,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Maevera,"I don't have a ton of experience with the Castlevania games, with most of my playtime being in the most non-traditional game, Curse of Darkness. So I figured I'd gives LoS a shot -- the story seemed pretty awesome.But I could not get over the terrible fixed camera. The default controls were so confusing, and not at all user-friendly. Even switching them to something more my play style made this game strange and not at all streamlined to play.I clocked less than an hour into this game before giving up the ghost. Not because of the story, not because of the graphics, but simply because the mechanics in and out of combat were so poor that it not only gave me motion sickness, it made combat utterly perplexing.Why in the world is camera movement via the mouse not a thing?"
76561197966619209,Not Recommended,234080,20412934,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Virck,"Contemplation:I'm torn, I'm at Chapter 4 in the game - the amout of time I've sunk into the game is impressive for a single player game that could be speed-run in probably less than 2 hours, but the whole sense of ""exploring"" each level is quite exquisite, I find the combat to be quite stupid as it's not up to par with Devil May Cry (in most cases you can perform 1-2 quick hits before you're forced to dodge)Gripe:It might just be my playstyle, but that's a huge hit to ""style"" of game play, as much as I would love to do the heavier hitting combos, it's never feasible to EVER perform them, they take way too long, and even on the lowest difficulty enemies never stop blocking/lunging/dodging/dashing/attacking, speaking of which aside from the damage you take there appears to be absolutely no other changes in difficulty, so playing on the hardest difficulty is completely feasible and extremely easy if you just play it like Dark Souls.Conclusion:I just have major issues with how enemies are dazed or stunned when I attack them, in every fight I attack once or twice then have to dodge, I can't perform in combos at all, so it's just better to invest in things that are instant.  I'm at a middle ground, I enjoy the game but I can't recommend it over Lords of Shadow 2.  Also the camera really sucks."
76561198119447414,Recommended,234080,20314567,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mezcalito,Awesome game
76561198219842089,Recommended,234080,20495235,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Slam Fister,Really like the game but could't get into because the controls (for mouse and Keyboard) feel really clunky. If you can get past that then I would play the game.
76561197961483694,Recommended,234080,88497,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Jaye,"A reboot of the mythos, Lords of Shadow has etched it's own path. You play as the first Belmont, Gabriel, in his quest to avenge his murdered wife and discover why God has seemingly abandoned humanity.The gameplay is very linear. Levels amount to minor mazes with few divergant paths to take. There's a heavy emphasis on combat and platforming.Combat is akin to God of War and/or Ninja Gaiden. Your whip can be used to perform combos on a single target, a wide area, or a mix of both. You can knock enemies into the air, slam them back down, grab them and pull them towards you. As you gain more abilities through secondary weapons and relics, combat changes.Combat never gets boring. In fact, it's a thrill. You really feel like you're getting more powerful with each new relic, each new ability. And nothing beats that feeling of pulling off perfect blocks of enemy attacks while in a cluster of them or during a boss battle.Eventually you start to build up Focus energy for every successive hit you land on your enemies as long as you remain untouched. Max out this bar, and enemies will spill collectable magic orbs with each hit. You can use these to fill your LIght and Shadow magic bars. These augment your abilities. Light Magic allows you to heal with each strike and is key to getting through some of the more intense battles. Shadow Magic increases the damage you do. And both magics alter how your secondary weapons operate.Boss fights are insanely intense as they can destroy you rather quickly. Learning the patterns is key, but even when you have them down, it doesn't make anything a cakewalk.The weakness of the game has to lie in it's platforming. There's a lot of ledges to climb, a lot of jumps to make, a lot of timing to get down. It can slow things down. There are also sections of the game that require getting around puzzles that have little explanation unless you find a hint scroll (if one exists). There are other sections where a little monster will appear and steal all your powers. The first time, it's frustrating because you'll have no idea what to do to get them back. Though I was playing on Hard during my first playthrough so I can't say if Normal or Easy provide more information.Graphically, this game is absolutely beautiful, especially on the PC. Crisp high-resolution textures adorn breathtaking landscapes and environments, level-design working seamlessly with the gameplay. Character and creature models are lovingly animated to the smallest detail. You'll find youself stopping to take in the various vistas more than once.On the audio side of things, the musical score is epic in it's scope though some themes do get a little repetitive. Sadly there's no piece that jumps out like ""Vampire Killer"" or ""Bloody Tears"" .The real winner here, though, is the voice acting.Konami went all out and gathered a very A-list cast of actors to voice this game. Gabriel is voiced by ""Once Upon A Time""'s Robert Carlyle. The levels are all narrated by Sir Patrick Stewart who plays your companion, Zobek. And Jason Issacs rules his role which I won't give away. These actors provide the weight and clout that really propel the story. And it's the story, I feel, that's the star of the game.The game is dark. It's a beautiful tragedy played out as each chapter progresses. A broken man fighting for a broken world. And you can't deny how awesome it is to hear Sir Patrick Stewart narrating the tale.I really enjoy the narrative. It's a welcome addition to the Castlevania saga. I look forward to getting a hold of a copy of Mirror of Fate, and really look forward to Lords of Shadow 2 to see how this beautifully sad tale plays out in the end.For $30, this isn't a bad buy. There's a fair bit of replay value with trials to complete in each level after you clear them, the hunting down of all the gems, upgrades, and lore scrolls, the unlocking of all your abilities, and trying harder difficulties. That said, I wouldn't blame anyone for waiting for a sale, either.But I do heartily recommend the game. 8/10 on my personal scale."
76561198040994795,Recommended,234080,19564472,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Peeder,"a hack'n'slash game that tries to put a new spin on castlevania.graphics  - 7/10  (looks good enough, 8/10 considering age)design - 8/10  (characters are cool)aesthetic - 8/10  (gives ""scenic"" views whit a locked camera that are very nice)story - 6/10  (small/medium story loopholes here and there, and bad writing/translation. but got a few minor details considering real lore right..)gameplay - 7.5/10   (a working hack'n'slash whit some progression, nothing revolutionary, but fun and tight controlls)so in conclusion, a good hack'n'slash game that builds on a pretty generic revenge story. But for vampire buffs, yall gotta remember that this game does its own spin on vampires, story wise.SUPEROVERPRICED-DLC :DLC: tries to work as a bridge between lords of shadow 1 and 2. The first one is a few puzzles whit a bit of ghouls sprinkled on. The second one is a bit of climbing/jumping, and then a good boss. Story wise i think these are actually quite skippable."
,Not Recommended,234080,20615186,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Absolution,"Gameplay is boring, lots of boring QTEs, QTEs everywhere. You can't do anything before watching a QTE or two. Even skipping them is a chore. Did I say that gameplay is boring? It's always do this, do that, the game tells you everything you should do, there's no room for exploring and finding out what to do by yourself. Boss battles are boring, it's just attack if you don't need to dodge or follow the instructions on the screen.Verdict: Free or less. If someone spots me a good $10 and gives me the game, I might still not play it."
76561198029651498,Recommended,234080,20654538,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,cyantons,"Default keyboard controls take some getting used to - I ended up trading most of them out for ones that fit me better. Gameplay is pretty fun, and the story is engaging!100% recommend towards anyone who's a fan of Hack'n'Slash and (some) puzzle-solving.With the inclusion of the DLCs, the Ultimate Edition ties into LoS2 wonderfully."
76561198268914524,Recommended,234080,20702289,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Phélicia Wolf,"As far as i remember Castlevania games has been always great,even the platformer games from the Nes,or Super Nes.Castlevania lords of Shadow is a Gem and for me it's must and for anyone who love dynamic combat and action.In terms of Graphics it ages well from the games from 2015-1016 so far.But i must admit that i've never loved a game like that as i love that Castlevania.When you arrived in territory of the vampires,it reminds me of the movie Van Helsing somehow. 10/10 it's a must"
76561197989998171,Recommended,234080,20695036,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,FSCBSoldat,"Excellent game. Closest thing to God Of War you will get on a PC.Great graphics, story and gameplay.The controls can be a little annoying, especially with the rubbish static cam a la GoW.Big downside on the Ulitimate Edition is the 2nd chapter of DLC, called chapter XIV on the game map.Big waste of time versus a boss who is essentially all the programmers worst cheats in one character.Cheap way to end an otherwise great package."
76561198161845129,Not Recommended,234080,20583255,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Zinoviy Vladislav Pavlov,"First, I would like to say that I became a fan of Castlevania through the installments on the Nintendo DS. Not only did I like the gameplay, most importantly, I enjoyed the atmosphere, art, imagery, and its mythological influences. I knew from the get-go that the gameplay in Lords of Shadow would be totally different and did expect a Metroidvania style, but I did enter the game expecting the same or similar atmosphere and imagery.GAMEPLAY (7 out of 10)The God-of-War-like, third-person, character-action style of gameplay did not put me off from the beginning like a lot of other fans; in fact, I was quite open to the change. The hacking and slashing can be as mindless or coordinated and graceful as you like, and you are given a multitude of nice, flashy combos to destroy your enemies. The implementation of Light and Shadow magic proved to be a lot of fun, and it was a decent challenge to a more strategic and coordinated balance of both to better adapt to changing combat scenarios. I found the quick-time events in this game to be the run-of-the-mill, unchallenging, pointless, uninteresting, and downright annoying combat mechanic. I had no fun with them, but that is not too big of a deal nor surprise. The Titan-class bosses in the game have a great deal of QTEs, but I only found the final one to really get on my nerves. The puzzle elements in this game were OK in the beginning, but had me pulling my hair out in the second half of the game. They were not particularly difficult nor challenging; however neither were they fun nor rewarding. These puzzles, to me, would break the pacing, flow, and rhythm of the combat I expected and wanted. Easily, the puzzles were the absolute worst part of the gameplay. Boring and tedious. Second worst? The Chupacabras (for the same reasons). I have to note that the level design was by-far very linear, but this did not really bother me; however, I do acknowledge that this is a great deviation from the great deal of emphasis previous titles put on exploration and branching paths.GRAPHICS AND VISUALS (8.5 out of 10)They look pretty damn good on PC compared to the PS3 (as expected). The world and combat looks gorgeous and detailed. My framerates were constant and high—even when there is a ton of action on the screen. I never experienced any dips or stuttering. I can only gripe about the fixed camera that is not uncommonly placed awkwardly. One nitpick I had was the character animation when Gabriel is rappelling or climbing a wall with the whip: the transition from moving to standing still is too abrupt and choppy. Aside from that, Gabriel’s movement is beautiful and smooth.SOUND (8 out of 10)I am not a diehard audiophile, but the sound effects and design were very good. Impacts sounded heavy and solid. Beasts sounded alive, hungry, and menacing. The ambient noises did their part well. The sound design in this game adds wonderfully to the game’s look and feel. The English voice acting was fantastic for the most part.MUSIC (7 out of 10)Although I found the music to be somewhere between acceptable to good, I also found it to be mostly forgettable. It definitely does not have the same punch that Castlevania music is known to have, but I am not going to fault this game because of how it compares to the music of its predecessors. In short, the music was “aight.”PLOT AND WRITING (5.5 out of 10)This was the worst aspect of the game. From the big picture, the game has some seriously awesome plot points that take place, but as I played the game chapter by chapter, I felt the story did not keep me interested consistently from the beginning to the end. It started off well, dragged and weezed in the middle, but had a stellar ending. The lore is divulged through cutscenes and from the loading screens before the stages begin. The cutscenes had decent, acceptable dialogue and writing, and they also looked and sounded fantastic thanks to their motion capture and voice acting. The loading screens made me want to stab my ears and eyes. First of all, it was pure exposition or what you could call info dumps. I prefer to be shown rather than be told. Second, the writing in these loading screens were unbearably horrendous. Think of a 13 year old trying to sound like Tolkien or H.P. Lovecraft. It was all charmless cliché, weak melodrama, and felt too try-hard. Patrick Stewart’s acting could only do so much to make these stories bearable. The game already feels disjointed from chapter to chapter (which did not bother me in and of itself), but the loading screens felt to heavy handed in telling me exactly how to feel and think about Gabriel’s current state of affairs. Nothing from the gameplay nor cutscenes made me infer anything about Gabriel that was remotely close to what Zobek was describing. I would often ask myself, “Where the hell did Zobek get that idea from?” That kind of writing in books, film, television, and games does not sit well with me at all. I found it difficult to relate to or become invested in any of the characters beyond mild curiosity.OVERALL (7 out of 10)Lords of Shadow has moderate highs and very low lows. I am very glad I played it to the end, but, damn, it really tested my patience and ability to stay awake at times. Castlevania lore-fans have a good chance of enjoying it, but if you cannot stomach the gameplay, it might be better to watch a Let’s Play or cutscene compilation online. If you come in expecting classic or Metroidvania Castlevania, you are going to be crying bloody tears. If you come with an open mind, you’re either going to have a decent time or just get bored."
76561198024731628,Not Recommended,234080,20578719,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Onza40,I played this hoping for a Castlevania and got some generic hack and slash with a bad camera and slow controls. I did not enjoy this and would not recommend it.
,Recommended,234080,20592957,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sloth,"This game is badass, I wish I hadn't waited so long to pick it up and play it."
,Recommended,234080,24337824,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,THE MAN OF KEK,A game in which vampires are actually cool
76561198097135831,Recommended,234080,24429417,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Eddragon,"This game is probably the biggest suprise I have had in years in terms of how good it was. I picked this up on a steam sale knowing very little about the franchise and wow there were just so many things that make this game awesome. The biggest and most outstanding aspect of this game is the art design and style that gives the game life. The art team for this game deserves some kind of reward because the amount of detail and effort that went into this is apparent. Every single jounal entry that tells you about one of the games many different characters, enemy types and, items have well written, helpfull lore accompany by beautiful illustrations that help you immerse youreself in the world. Enemy designs are unique and look awesome. They are much more memerable then the enemies in god of war which is a game that seems to overshadow this game which is a shame because I find this game to be better then all of the god of wars.  Playing through the different enemy types is liking going through a D&D monster manual in which this game took obviouse inspiration. Another thing adding to the setting of this game is that every level(and there are tons of levels in this game) has a page of narration by Patrick Steward(who is also a main character in the game) that is just awesome. The graphics are exellent and the game runs well with a decent amount of options. The scale and environments are beautiful so overall as far as setting goes this game nails it.The gameplay is also extremely good. There is tons of combos that are all extremely useful. Unlike  God of War you will be using all your combos for the large array of enemies you  must fight who use different fighting stlyes to defeat you. Finding out how all this enemies behave is great fun and you never fight to many of the same enemies in the game back to back to where things get boring. The magic and exploration is also very good. The game encurages a second playthrough on the a extra difficulty to collect relics you could not get before and complete a speacil challenge on every level. This basically serves as a new game plus for already a pretty long game. The magic system works well and you have to conserve magic for when you need it to regain your health. The game rewards skillfull play by giving you more magic the better you do in a similar way as Devil May Cry gives you more orbs for fighting well. The game also has lots of extremely unique and varied puzzles(which can be skipped if your not into that kind of thing) they truly are better than any of this games competitors.Some people say this game is difficult and I did find the game challenging, but not overly so. As a veteran of Devil May Cry, Bayonetta, Prince of Persia, Souls series, God Hand,  Metal Gear Revengence, and God of War I was able to handle this pretty well on my first playthrough on the  hardest starting difficulty. If you are a fan of games that require precise dodging and require mastery of the games combo you will enjoy the game greatly.The story was very entertaining for me. All the characters were well  voiced and written. There are some good twists and by the end of the game you really feel like you have been on a grand long adventure, its kind of like how you feel after doing a Lord of the Rings marathon of the extended cuts.The only negatives is that the the game starts slow. At first there is not enough combat or variety which is strange because after you get both your magic powers the game gives you plenty of both. I reccomend sticking with the game at least until you get to the first lord of shadow to make judgement as this game really does keep getting better as it goes along. Another negative is the damn chapucabras damn are they annoying as hell.TLDR:Really great game reccomend buying at any price hardly any major negatives to speak of other than the slow start.NOTE: The DLC is kind of meh compared to the rest of the game so if you have played this before and only want this for the DLC it is not worth it just watch the story bits on youtube."
76561198044082859,Recommended,234080,24773206,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ed_ulisespz,"This would be a great game, like game of the generation category, but unfortunately the controls hurt this game a lot.The good:-story-beautiful graphics, scenery, levels-really nice puzzles-the exploration it’s rewardingThe bad:-the controls are clumsy as hell, it’s not unplayable, but really ruin the experience;on the boss battles its actually good, the controls work well, but against more than 3 enemies Gabriel just become the punching bag of the enemies.-the camera… when exploring works fine, but it’s awful in combat scenesIf you are interested, I recommend this game a try but only in discount (75%), and don’t be afraid of playing the hole game in easy to compensate the faulty combat."
76561198202670869,Recommended,234080,18930648,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sintraxus,"I think that Castlevania LoS is a very good game worth playing. I was delighted with most of the game's aspects including graphics, audio and story. However, the game has minor problems with locked camera and therefore the gameplay is sometimes uncomfortable and some areas in the game are harder to explore because of this. It should be mentioned that this game should be played with a gamepad controller.+ Beautiful graphics+ Interesting story+ Exciting soundtrack+ Good combat mechanics+ Nice puzzles- Locked camera- Story loses focus on important charactersNice game in overall.8,5/10"
,Recommended,234080,24678101,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,bretvh,Frustrating at times. Rewarding gameplay. Great graphics. Decent puzzels. Good combat system.
76561198012022844,Recommended,234080,24802067,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mavairo,"Solid gameplay, an enjoyable story, and beautiful graphics that hold up well even now. The ultimate edition is worth every penny"
76561198151345090,Recommended,234080,24984481,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AL big'uns BUNDY,"neutral, very QTE heavy game and recommend playing with a controller-cutscenes locked at 30fps with last gen console graphics-platforming with a fixed camera that seems to adjust at the worst possible times can be frustrating+no glitches or crashes in 22 hours of playing+great hack and slash combat that can get repetitive, but puzzles and boss fights are welcome breaks+great ambient soundtrack(think skyrim and less like the nes castlevanias)+gorgeous graphics(outside of cutscenes) with a beautiful gothic decor(dont forget to buy the concept art stills from the ""extras"" option)+titan boss fights have a shadow of the colossus feelGreat game and well worth the price."
76561198061786965,Recommended,234080,24876401,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,gromly,Whip-crack went his Whoopy tail.
76561197980901844,Recommended,234080,24898659,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Argamas,"The game mixes a lot of elements from other successful games and I like that. Riding beasts, solving puzzles, fighting titans... It's all good to me. The soundrack is really good and the acting is most of the time, pretty good. What I don't like is the rigid camera angles. I kind of get what it was trying to acheive, for the dramatic cinematics, transitions, etc but it is a bit frustrating sometime although after a couple of hours, I found myself really used to it. The fighting mechanic is good ; just  don't expect limitless combos or to be able to pull any move you want in any circumstances. There is a vast number of moves, you can upgrade some of them as well, you can even get your fight up in the air!Overall, this is the best 3D installment of Castlevania I have played so I'll be looking forward to Lords of Shadow 2."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,234080,24882399,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,gonzo191,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is another 3d entry in the venerable Castlevania series which sadly doesn't escape the shadows of its former self. It attempts to mould aspects from other popular action series at the time but is ultimately let down by the weight of its problems which hinders it from being fun. Even the Patrick Stewart narration could aid the game much.Pros+ Visuals are really nice+ Audio sounds great+ Art design is top notch+ Patrick Stewart voice overCons- The game is boring and doesn't feel fun. They combined the aspects of 3 great games (i.e Castlevania, God of War and Shadow of the Colossus) into one mediocre package which does things poorly.- The game is extremely derivative. It copies almost all of its game aspects from other games, there's hardly anything new here. Level design (Castlevania 1), story (Castlevania: Lament of Innocence), game structure + combat (GoW), giant climbable bosses (SoTC)- The majority of the story is conveyed through walls of exposition. I live by the notion of ""Don't tell me, show me"", a notion that is broken consistently by this game.- This game is extremely linear. I have no problem with linear games but they often allow some breathing room in the linearity. In this, it's just a literal corridor for you to walk in and out of, no secrets to find along the way just you and that corridor.- You can't explore anything, there's invisible walls everywhere. Can I fall off a cliff, nope (IW), can I go over here, nope (IW), how about over there, nope (IW).- The camera feels horrible when facing the giants. Instead of being an active, roving camera it's fixed resulting in you being hit most of the times.- It tells what to do, all the damn time. Trust that the player will figure out what to do instead of flashing a hint at the start of X event.- Combat is solid enough as it's essentially GoW but not as good. The enemies don't react to the damage being dealt to them and they feel spongy.- The platforming is garbage as a result of the fixed camera. You can't judge the depth correctly often times leading to death.- Ledge traversal feels slow and tedious and there's no way to speed up those sections either. You just slowly cross the ledge until some event happens.- I'm a fan of QTEs in GoW because I feel it allows you to get closer to the action but I hate it in this, I simply don't see the need for it here as the action is neither heart pounding nor in your face.- There are times when the game takes away your control in the giant fights.VerdictThis game is Castlevania only in name, it copies too many aspects from other games while not utilising them in a fun manner. I tried to like this game but was put off by all of its problems. I couldn't play for more than an hour as the time I spent with it was not fun and it bored me to tears. If I have to use two adjectives to sum up this game it would be derivative and uninspired. Give this one a pass, can't even say buy it on a sale as that's what I did and was still disappointed.The best 3d Castlevania still remains Lament of Innocence it does everything I'd want in a Castlevania while adding some new aspects."
76561198100366995,Recommended,234080,25464237,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jms93,you do not need to know anything about castlevania to be an instant fan of this grade A epic hack n slash fantasy story. it is emotionally driven with love and revenge as clear motives with a crazy twist that you wouldnt expect on average its 22hours of pure awesome story telling and epic gameplay 5/5
76561197980172024,Recommended,234080,25504881,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,megamanx321,"This game is one of the best Castlevania games I've played, even going back to the NES versions. I don't normally like FPS style games, save Half-Life, Doom, and Tomb Raider, but this one had great story, cutscenes, mix of puzzles and fighting. Truly enjoyable. Even the sidequests were fun, and I rarely do any of those.The only drawback, and literally, for me there was only this one, was the fixed camera. It was usually ok, but sometimes, it made it so hard to finish something that I wanted to quit playing. Or in some locations, you can't see something that leads to a secret area. Other than that, I highly recommend it as one of my favorite FPS style games."
,Recommended,234080,25513013,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,this is a good...it definitely exceeded my expectations.
76561197976122992,Recommended,234080,21549489,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Funkapotimus,"A game of perverted kinkyness where you whip everything out of pleasure, summon chained and naked succubus for your bondage desires, or hunt & capture tiny naked fairys to traffic out to your enemies to appease them."
,Not Recommended,234080,21440288,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,bendovah,Yes the environments look great and the combat could be awesome later on....but I just can't play anymore than I have. This game to me just seems like a big cutscene with levels for filler. Tedious af.
,Recommended,234080,21740378,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,MisleadingBanana,"This game is a perfect example of how to expand a combat system continuously and creatively. The base combat is pretty much God of War, but the constant mix-ups and changes they provide throughout the game is extremely impressive and makes it consistently fun  (and equally as difficult and frustrating). Its difficulty is extreme and its content is vast, so this game would be very much so worth a purchase at its base asking price. It feels like a true Castlevania game, and what Castlevania 64 should have been."
76561198125719175,Recommended,234080,21536807,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,renatodepaiva,"The very first Castlevania i have ever played, it certainly has made its job. I LOVE this game and, of course, i more than recommend it!10/10"
,Not Recommended,234080,20453362,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Capitanul Veaxyos,"I completed this game after many hours of tryhard and rage.What I like about the game:- great textures, great environment and attention to details;- nice animations, awesome cutscenes and a pretty good story;- easy puzzles;What I don't like about the game:- horrible camera movement;- game doesn't run smoothly;- unbalanced combat."
76561198043277352,Recommended,234080,13770549,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bardsov,Just finished playing. The game is great! I really wanted to go on and see what's going to happen. The graphics is great and I've really enjoyed the PC optimalisation  (I had some issues with the cutscenes playback though) which allowed me to play the game on an older machine. Can't wait to play the sequel
,Recommended,234080,13778864,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shooriki,A lot more difficult than the average bear game of late. Definitely got stuck several times on certain parts but overall found that very satisfying. The voice acting was great and the plot was better than expected.
76561198028320379,Not Recommended,234080,14466374,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jrchastek,"The game was beautifu, but the fixed camera was a pain to deal with and sometimes it was difficult to find where to go next"
,Recommended,234080,14546517,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Twiggzy,I played and beat this game on xbox 360. It is a really good reboot of the series. Old school vania fans should love this game.
76561198071024563,Recommended,234080,14598591,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,foxpire,Great game for castlevania fan. One of the best 3D-castlevania. Though it is not in the main series timeline.
,Recommended,234080,14424902,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gamesgoblin,"Come for the action, stay for the amazing art style and super-cool scenarios.As a hack-and-slash the game is competent if not a little derivative. Visually it’s astounding though. The boat is really pushed out on the number of stark, beautiful and varied environments – along with imaginative and interesting creatures. You’ll want to play through to the end just to see what each realm looks like.Also… Patrick Stuart!!"
,Recommended,234080,14405228,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nana Shi,"The game's a CLASSIC!If you're a gamer then you have to try it and not because I tell you to, but because of the game mechanics, HD textures, skills and combos you can unlock and the plot doesn't hurt either. I'm a big fan of the franchise and I can clearly say two things:1. Remember to go to the toilet, eat, sleep and spend time with your girlfriend! As this game will make you sit in front of the pc for hours and hours.2. Put on your gaming gear, take a deep breath when you fail, keep on trying until you overcome it and remember get all the SECRETS and unlocks, because if you fight hard without those you're dead!My advice, wait for a promotion or a sale and buy the game it is worth every cent!Enjoy!"
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,234080,14516444,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kecoey,"I really wish I could play this game. It simply will not play no matter what I have tried and Capcom has the lowest quality support that is possible. I got it to play on my old computer and it was really fun, but now I cannot play it. Please avoid buying this game."
,Recommended,234080,14516692,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,IDKhowtoPEE,takes ideas from God of War but not as well delivered as GoW but still good enough to make you want to play till the end. Its a long story so if your looking for a game to last for a long time if played 2 hours a day only it could last for probably 22 days. If you liked GoW you might like this game
76561198036642525,Not Recommended,234080,15318523,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,NOmerC4U,"great game played it and finished it but♥♥♥♥♥♥wont start anymore!!! i tried eveything to make it work again but it wont -,- started from cache files to dll methods wont start!!! cmd commands and all that this game just wont start! piece of crap"
76561198058672950,Recommended,234080,22663720,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,wet shit leaking out my boypussy,Best game I have ever played. 100% worth it
,Recommended,234080,22430132,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,derekrife,"The port itself is really good. It can run smoothly at 60 fps on even less than stellar hardware.The game itself is often criticized as a God of War Clone, but I would argue that this game is much better. It's not the greatest thing in the world, but I did enjoy it from a purely aesthetic point. The music and art design in these games are both beautiful."
,Recommended,234080,22346911,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Satyr,"Game has story which is told and this is reason I will play game till end. (Story is classical, for me no big surprise, but told in nice way so not problem for me).Also game has really nice environment so it is pleasure for your eyes.In game there are puzzles to solve - which makes it little challenging. (but not so often and they differs so it will not get you bored)Xbox controller is must - if you don't have it skipp game till you buy one. (you can probably use any other controller too)Some people could find interesting replaying chapters as there are some rewards in levels which you can get only after you acquire some other skill - also it is really annoying if you just want to progress in story and not want to try to get all achievements. There are trials - challenges for each level which you can try to complete on replay.Camera - it is not following you on your back so sometimes you can get confused as angle of view change.Titan fights - it is really boring time consuming fight.In game is lot of jumping and crawling on walls - sometimes you need to tame beast and ride it to get over obstacle.I would recommend game if you like games like Darksiders (or games for console). Not recommending for hard RPG fans as they probably will not like it. Game progress is linear and there is so far no choices to make (maybe there will be some in future) - so game is ideal if you want some simple hack&slash story - like stories of Conan :-)"
76561198008803674,Recommended,234080,22563237,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,CokedUpWerewolf d'ONU,Exactly what a 3D Castlevania should have always been.
,Recommended,234080,22279114,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Trolls 'n Goblins,"Nice and action packed, a very interresting gameplay.Great atmosphere, and for me, a catchy story.I'll be honest that I'm not a Castlevania Purist (yet), even though I have played the games since game one (Back in the MSX days). But I am a fan of Vampires, Werewolves and that Gothic Horror ambience the lady- and gentle-devs manage to create with great succes.This game combines combat, very nice puzzles and even some good ol' '3rd person platform' gaming.I do say it's not only recommended to play it with a controller. You are obligated to do so, the UI system having been made for console gaming, rendering a keyboard clumsy and actually quite useless.The only -downside- for me to this game, are the fixed camera angles. Sure, some love that, never getting lost in their own movements, but I sometimes like to peek around a corner, and sometimes it can make some 'have-to-follow-paths' or 'have-to-perform-actions' a bit elusive. But that didn't stop me from greatly enjoying the game.All in all, I give this game a big thumbs up and would recommend it to anyone who likes the genre."
,Recommended,234080,24141121,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Scytale,Just beautiful. Beautiful and sad.
76561198131652198,Recommended,234080,24084920,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,eduardoesteves27,"Hi everybody, i am playing this game a few hours and when i reached the 6th chapter, the skill Somersault Strike wont work, and i realize that some of another skills are not show in the list to buy and the ones a buyed have gone, anyone with the same problem?"
76561197967131623,Recommended,234080,7329784,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,pcgamesplus.com,Great game
76561198084485977,Recommended,234080,28090465,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Suzaku,"I love this game and the sequel but there is one thing that really annoys me: the fact that it is not possible to move the camera while exploring, I tried to change the settings but it did not work."
76561198001541132,Recommended,234080,28086735,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FaReWeLl,good
,Recommended,234080,27955526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,X_PLAY,This is one of the best games I have play in my life.The history is fantastic and have a greate gameplay.
,Recommended,234080,27576756,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EmberVoid,"One of the best games I have ever played. Great gameplay, story, graphics, sound etc. Absolutely love it. Not the metroidvania style, but a new face. And can’t complain about it.PROS+Good Gameplay+Great bosses+Superb soundtrack+Good variety of combos+Epic storyline+Various difficulty settings+Great PC port+ReplayableCONS-No unlockable costumes or skins-Only one weapon (but different stances and upgrades)-Comic cut-scenes in the DLC chapters"
,Recommended,234080,27697709,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Minibrox,"This game was amazing when it first came out, and still is."
76561197971974402,Recommended,234080,32232681,Posted: 6 June,all,harryengwer,Not a bad game the biggest issue I had was having to deal with the camera while trying to platform or fight. On occasion i would not be able to tell where i was suppose to jump to or having issues seeing all the things i was fighting. There were alot of combos and ability combinations (maybe too many) and often times they were difficult to get off due to the speed of the enemy and how they use their numbers and blocking. Still fun though
,Recommended,234080,24375907,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NoMemoryGaming,"I've had to re-write this review a lot, because apparently people don't like it when I just type 'Patrick Stewart' and leave it at that.But that's all you really need to know. It's narrated by Patrick Stewart. Buy it."
76561198268903218,Recommended,234080,29681177,Posted: 3 February,all,xxm3talslugxx,Love it! Great game and story! Couldnt have asked for a better action game.Using my XB1 controller. Big fan of Castlevania! Now to beat LOS 2!
,Recommended,234080,29676996,Posted: 3 February,all,Oorgnid,"Beautiful story, deep, and rich.  Has become my favorite Castlevania.  Easily put; put your boots on and get whipping.P.S.  Highly recommend controler."
,Recommended,234080,27958035,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,movento,The final boss ups the difficulty 5X and is horse****
,Recommended,234080,13144498,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SHIZZ-LORD,God of War + Onimusha + Shadow of the Colossus lol
,Recommended,234080,30352412,Posted: 6 March,all,VanillaIceAge,"This is good action adventure title with an engrossing storyline and high production value. The gameplay is great but may put some players off however, as the combat and some gameplay elements seem to be 'borrowed' straight from other notable titles such as 'Shadow of the Colussus' and 'God of War.'"
76561198071796360,Recommended,234080,30282598,Posted: 2 March,all,RetrogamerX,Amazing game. I'm a huge Castlevania fan and I love what they have done.
76561198043777940,Recommended,234080,30280336,Posted: 2 March,all,Shiva,For the price it's quite ok.
76561198093394522,Recommended,234080,31745769,Posted: 14 May,all,Fyor Bonerson,"The game itself is a more noobish hack and slash, playing on high difficulty is recommended."
76561197993589983,Recommended,234080,34907795,Posted: 12 September,all,Madash,was actually enjoying this game untill i could not progress because i use a keyboard. I dont see the point of getting a controller just to play/finish the occasional console port as i find they are not generally the games i like anyways. It is a shame when games are ported that us keyboard diehards are not taken into consideration.Apart from the godawful camera controls and inabillity to reasign keys effectively the game was fun....what little i played of it!One day when i get bored i may just make that mad rash judgement and get a controller and come back to finish this game.
76561198064761967,Recommended,234080,33906198,Posted: 30 July,all,Bink,"It has an engaging story, I felt the voice acting was supurb (or maybe I just love Patrick Stewart), and quite a number of the visuals are simpling awe inspiring.Every rose has it's thorns, however.If you don't usually use a game controller, you're going to probably need/want one. The moves/attacks felt more bugged on the keyboard, and there's a few moments where you really need the use of an analog stick and wsad won't suffice. Once I got used to using a controller, however, I felt it played a lot smoother with it. This coming from someone who hasn't played anything with a controller in about ten years.It would also be nice if you had a little more control over the camera. You don't have any, just fyi, which gets annoying when you're running right and suddenly the camera changes and running right actually takes you backwards. and you spend a few seconds going back and forth. Also when an enemy is towards the bottom of the screen, you can't see them.Also some of the levels may cause you to rage quit because you can't figure out what you're supposed to do. I.e. Clockwork tower.All in all, I think it's a wonderful game."
76561198070042545,Recommended,234080,33879358,Posted: 29 July,all,Kurosu,"Ignore all those haters that give bad reviews.The game is amazing. Its  like a much better version of god of war.The story is nice although after some point you can ""guess"" the plot twist.The combat could use less quicktime actions but overall its not something bad, same goes for the camera angles everyone is crying about.Even if you have issues with either of those you can easily counter it with a very cheap gamepad. ( like 5 bucks).I dont reccomend the DLC but they come free with the game anyways.If you enjoy hack and slash games like god of war and castlevania lore,this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,234080,33360737,Posted: 7 July,all,thehuskygt,"I am still struggling with either negative or possitive...Is it a good game? Yes; yes it is. Now that I've played it a bit more and finally got out of the ""tutorial levels,"" I have to say it is fun. Controls are good, hit detection is good, basic and advanced actions respond without problem. Good graphics for being a rather old game, good sound and presentation. Story so far is decent.Overall, it is just a good game.Is it ground-breaking? Not at all. If you've played God of War, and specially Devil May Cry or Dante's Inferno, then there is nothing new to experience here. The mechanics are exactly the same as those titles. It is what it is; just your basic Hack n' Slash that dones one of the biggest names in gaming history.Is it worth playing? Sure, why not... Are you missing out if you don't? Definitely not. If you are expecting a real Castlevania, then you might find yourself a bit underwhelmed.Darn... I wish there was a ""Neutral"" review option... however, I no longer feel this game deserves a negative review."
,Recommended,234080,34088163,Posted: 7 August,all,Evocashious,Really repetitive. Still decent when really bored.
76561198143457199,Recommended,234080,34087030,Posted: 7 August,all,Greyplate,"Awesome gameplay, story and soundtrack. Only con is the fixed camera"
76561198138754793,Recommended,234080,34106307,Posted: 8 August,all,BigCumMan2007,ignore the bad reviews. majority of them are less then 2 hours into the game and have little to any knowledge of how a hack n slash game works. its a quality action game with a few mechanics that make it unique. for a 7 year old game it looks amazing and plays as smooth as butter. worth every penny
,Recommended,234080,34125344,Posted: 9 August,all,CthulhuMAN69,"Some people didn't like the route that Castlevania took in this game. I'd like to disagree. I feel MercurySteam made a good action game akin to God of War with a different system(mostly) of QTE's. Ifd you're a fan of this style of action, Castlevania: LoS is your game to play."
,Recommended,234080,34359648,Posted: 19 August,all,Matodactyl,wouldnt work with my controller or keyboard correctly.  I got stuck at a part where i had to walk across a wood beam... it was fun until then.
,Recommended,234080,34337126,Posted: 18 August,all,JurgenJuggernaut,"Score: 9 Very GoodThe game is about Gabriel member of the brotherhood whos mission is to stop the lords of the shadows.Too be honest, I hate metrodivia and plataforms genre, but still I enjoyed this game. Its a mix between hack and slash, plataformers and puzzles. The story is great, though personally would have liked a little more explanation on certain things or even more characters, more psicological development of the characters.Gameplay: 8.5/10 GoodI have played other titles like god of war (series), dantes inferno and so. Im not a fan of the genre, however I liked the the level up system and the items to collect, the combos were to my taste simple to remember making easy to play the game. however the things that I enjoyed least were puzzles and jumping around. And the Camera, was the most anoying thing in the game, couldnt not control it, and in fight messed around, didnt let me see some parts of the area were special things were hidden, etc.Story: 9.5/10 ExcellentThe story is amaizing, though to be honest I bought it cuz Vampires, yeah I though this one was the 2. However the story is very interesting with nice plot twists. The only thing bad is the several lose ends.Graphics: 9/10 Very GoodFor 2012 they were pretty nice, not complains here. Oh wait yeah there are. Dont know if it is this japanese idea or the genere, but this castles and scenaries over exaherated, with hugh walls and towers and huge bla bla. That personally hate so much. (my only complain about the graphics).A thing that loved about are the gallery unloackables, both concept art about the game and the cartoony developers portraits. A few games sell this stuff, others keep it for themselves. I was a nice touch to the game."
,Recommended,234080,34635943,Posted: 31 August,all,ShootOwl,"A fun action/ adventure, hack and slash game.Pros:* Decent graphics and excellent art style.* Good, fitting music.* Interesting, simple storyline.* Controller support.* Fun boss fights.Cons:* Combos feel unimportant - I finished the game with the basic attack.* Some bad puzzle design.* Annoying, cringeworthy, Yoda-wannabes chupacabras that steal your powers only to extend the length of the game."
76561198056352614,Recommended,234080,13853913,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"This game holds true to the original concept of Castlevania when it first released on the Nintendo Entertainment System. It's graphics are excellent for what the XBOX 360 can offer, and the level design and theme are synonymous with the original game in the style of platform fun, except it entails 3D design.The sequel Castlevania 2 Lords of Shadow pales in comparison; it fails on every level to deliver a true respresentation of what Castlevania was meant to be. Yes, Lords of Shadow 2 (which I played in the XBOX 360) has vampires and blood, but foretells the story in a way which would be comparible to Twilight instead of sticking to the roots of how the story was designed. It truly is a heartbreaking thing for me to see, as it might be a trend within the gaming community to destroy such beautiful games, and their beautiful storylines and art.In short, buy Lords of Shadow, and if you get the chance,♥♥♥♥♥♥on Lords of Shadow 2 and set it on fire."
76561197992229015,Recommended,234080,34685000,Posted: 2 September,all,Dire,"With about 15+ hours, depending how much you explore, how often you fail and how high or low you set the difficulty, Lords of Shadow is perhaps the most atmospheric brawler I've ever played. Setting, design, story, everything here is pretty enjoyable and even brilliant at times. This edition includes 14 chapters with a varying amount of levels, in which you jump, fight, explore, solve puzzles and fight mighty bosses. And boy, those bosses are all pretty varied and fun. Most enemies even require you to change your approach and they all fit thematically into the various, gorgeous landscapes. The story is one of tragedy and hope, and I won't spoil anything here for obvious reasons, but it's gonna be quite a ride. Narration and cutscenes are all pretty neat (well apart from maybe that one cutscene that seemingly never ends and revels too much in itself...you'll know it when you'll see it).Combat is pretty straight forward at first with only 2 attacks available, but the more enemies you defeat, the more puzzles you solve (and don't auto complete, which is a thing for most), will earn you sweet currency with which to unlock more and more combos and moves. Through story progression alone you will also get new special abilities that are required to beat the game. Enemies are also vulnerable to different special attacks. Lycans for example don't really like silver daggers, while vampires just die to holy water. And the game lets you pull up an overview of the monsters and their weaknesses at any time. So, all is well, right? Unfortunately...not.Let's start with the combat system...while a healthy amount of combos and upgrades and special abilities is nice, I often found myself not able to use them properly, because combat is often so hectic and you are mostly surrounded by swarms of enemies that using those powerful abilities isn't really possible. Most have a decent wind up time and any hit will cancel the move. Others will drain your complete mana storage in about a second and getting that back requires you to hit things while not getting hit yourself and then absorb the magic...or find limitless wells of magic, of which there are a few in most levels. In the end I had to resort to a few basic moves and combos like the ""chainsaw"" or whatever it was called . Many of the bigger enemies also take way too much punishment. And remembering all those different moves is another matter, but luckily you can always look them up conveniently.The second big offender is indirectly tied to the combat...the controls in this game are not rebindable (at least for controller, but I think mouse/kb is the same). Just an example: block and dodge roll are on the same bloody button. Blocking in this game, however, is pretty essential I'd say, but as soon as you try to block and move the left stick your character will roll instead. This causes numerous issues: a) you just didn't block and open the enemy up for a counter attack, b) you just rolled somewhere and got hit and c) several special moves also require you to press the left trigger + something else...but you just dodged, because your brain was trained that characters need to be facing a certain direction and that you could change that direction while blocking...nope. This really annoyed me. There's a special attack with your gauntlet, but positioning your character, then stop moving and pressing that combination of buttons is atrocious and never really worked for me. The whole control scheme would need an overhaul in my opinion. Have a dedicated block button and a dedicated roll button or use the right stick for something...oh and pressing the sticks to collect magic during a fight is also...meh to be honest.Then there are the puzzles which require you to recall that you have a move, that apart from learning it 10 levels ago you've never used, is required here. Shadow magic daggers anyone? Had to actually check the internet for 2 or 3 of those...and if the only hint is ""maybe you can break through here"", well screw you...Gabriel has at least a couple moves that would suggest a breakthrough were possible.Another frustration is movement itself. The game generally does not allow you to move outside of its strict bounds, until it requires you to do it. That moment when you just fell to your death, because suddenly your character would NOT stop at the edge...uuuuuuuuuuuugh. Jumping and platforming in this game is also pretty terrible thanks to the camera, which I will get to in a moment. And when you get the double jump...ugh...it's the weirdest double jump you've ever seen and it ♥♥♥♥ed me over more than once.On to the camera: it's fixed. Always. Most of the time it doesn't do a terrible job, but it regularly ♥♥♥♥s up your movements, when there's a sudden screen change and your forward now becomes your backward or left or whatever. Extremely annoying. This also means you can't look around and look for hidden collectibles, you just have to trust the camera. You don't have those camera stuck in wall issues as in other games, but this solution is also not so great.Quicktime events: I can understand adding those to a game, but when any one mistake in such an event means repeating the whole section of (usually) a boss fight, they're just not that well designed. In this game you are required to press X when the bigger circle enters the smaller circle. Too early or too late and you have to do it all over again. Happened a few times. Oh, and pressing RT to hold on is ok the first few times, but after minutes of hanging onto a boss it gets kinda old and annoying.Brotherhood Arks include upgrades for your weapons. I've gotten one of them. They are not required, but it is still annoying that you can't get 95% of them in your first playthrough, because you don't have the necessary abilities...it just means you will have to replay those levels at a later point in time...and who does that? Let's be honest. Maybe in a second playthrough, when all levels are unlocked...until you get a new PC and all your saves are erased anyway most likely. Just not good design in my opinion. At least you can get all the gems in each level without backtracking.Finally, the DLC bridges the gap between the actual ending of the game and you defeating the final boss. Suddenly there's an even greater evil you need to vanquish, yadda yadda....the story is meh, the presentation is ok, but it gives some important closure and re-introduces a fun character that you can even play for a few moments. It adds 2 more chapters with some more unique puzzles and a pretty intense, multi stage, boss fight that also includes platforming to an extent. Once you realise what the boss can do and HOW you can actually do more damage to him (don't use the charged attacks...just jump and regular attacks in the later stages...another boss fight that makes combos completely useless), he's actually pretty fun, but also a bland villain, unlike the ones in the main game...still an enjoyable 2 to 3 hour experience.Reading all of that I should not recommend this game, but still I do, because of the atmosphere and because the game can still be easily completed by most people."
,Recommended,234080,35254814,Posted: 27 September,all,Kuva,"One of my favorite games of all time, and the only game on Steam that I've enjoyed so much that I've unlocked every achievement. If you're able to a play a game based on its own merits, without allowing nostalgia for the earlier chapters in the series to blind you to its own unique qualities, Lords of Shadow is a blast. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,234080,35331948,Posted: 30 September,all,Karyorrhexis,"While nothing like the beloved 2D Castlevania installments, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow is a great game in its own right and the environments look stunning in 4k.Pros:•	Amazing environments and monster design•	Graphics hold up quite well for an older game•	Epic boss fights•	Nicely narrated story (although it has not much depth)•	Hidden powerups and trials provide replay valueCons:•	Clunky 3D platforming•	Environments are not consistent in where you seemingly can and cannot go•	Punching down is hard to aim; especially aggravating when needed during a boss fight!•	The DLC is quite short, and tries to extend its length by implementing numerous insta-death situationsSimilar to:God of War, Darksiders (1), Dante’s InfernoTechnical issues:I played this via the Nvidia Shield on my TV and while it runs smoothly, it did not start correctly from Steam’s Big Picture Mode and I had to press ALT+TAB on my PC every time to switch to the game. Additionally, the game initially crashed frequently until I turned off the controller vibration in the game menu. Strange bug, but it did not crash for a single time afterwards."
,Recommended,234080,35392403,Posted: 1 October,all,HELLEKSON artwork,Great Game.
