user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234140,20869567,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DreamKiller,"Paid once and play a complete game?No season pass(es)?Optimized?a damn good Single-Player only?Uncapped FPS?No secondary DRM?No cut contents sold as DLC?What year is it, 2006?"
,Recommended,234140,32485255,Posted: 16 June,all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,Games about movies are always a bad idea.This is one of those rare exceptions
76561198085441094,Recommended,234140,17914591,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Bird of Hermes,"Australia: The GameIn a world where there is no law or order and madness reigns, Warner Brothers presents a triple A title that doesn't run like it's in Early Access.Pros:Runs great even on systems that barely meet minimum specs. Extremely well optimized.Looks great even on normal settings.Surprisingly satisfying combat for a system that only uses LMB and RMB.Driving and car combat are great.You can literally spend days of your life doing every single side quest.The only thing that could make this game more macho is objectifying women.Cons:Keep getting in the car on the wrong side.Losing days of your life to this game.No naked women to objectify.11/10 would witness again."
,Recommended,234140,17872595,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,MamieNova,"Some desert weirdo on a lower deck than me was telling me to ""come here and fight like a man"". I ignited a gas can and dropped it on him.Each time I try to continue the game's story, I bump into something else to do and start to fool around for hours.This game is awesome.I'm also lucky enough to play this on a GTX 980 with everything maxed. Shadows, tire treads, heat waves, camera focus, everything's very well done.Years ago, I watched and loved the movie. Today, I AM Max and this whole gigantic desert will soon be my kingdom.Hail the road warrior!Have I mentioned that this game is awesome ?"
,Recommended,234140,17887273,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"A bit of Far Cry mapping, big world, Batman fist fighting mechanism with a raw street fighting feel that makes you want to fight more and more, oddly the same kind of feel of Assasin's Creed Black Flag when you're driving your car in this endless waste , instead of a boat and lots of water in Black Flag, and take care of enemy vehicles (including storms but we have sandstorms here), collecting this and that along the way (reminded me of Just Cause), the way they made driving and racing a whole lot of fun in this kind of game (hello Rage!) , upgrading your character and car by doing things...and there are a lot of things to do in this world.....you would almost forget the story. And that's also very good so far. Voice acting is top and the whole scenery and atmosphere is great. It's Mad Max. And you can be Mad Max.So let me make this clear. It's not a shooter. There are guns and you can shoot them but the focus is not at shooting. The driving and fist fighting takes the most of it. And what a pleasure that is!They took a long look at some very good games out there and mold it together to make Mad Max look great. They succeeded. Great game, lots of fun.Yep, after 5 hours of gameplay I can see where this is going. Another lots of sleepless nights.After 45 hours of gameplay: Yep, it's a very good and addictive game. I saw some reviews with a bit of complaining 'bout that it gets the same after a while. Taking a break now and then will help. After an 8 hours work shift everyone wants to go home and do something else. But after a view hours of 'doing something else' it's great to step in Mad Max's shoes again. They get comfortable the more you wear it.After 80 hours of gameplay: Woh, time is getting abstract playing this game. That's always a good sign when you're having fun. There are some very good missions here. Got the heart pounding and the adreneline rushing. Almost have completed the map but still not sure how much more I get and I realy don't wanna know. As far as I'm concerned this game can go on and on and on. I got 73% of the achievements so the end must be near. My advise is to don't rush the missions and first clear out the regions one by one and do the missions when they are in the regions you cleared out. And take your time and enjoy searching for all the goodies! It'll be over too soon. Very good game this is."
,Recommended,234140,34787903,Posted: 6 September,all,Spaddobird,"TLDRThis is probably one of the most underappreciated open world RPGs on the Steam store. It isn't a perfect game by any means, but if you're into cars, the Mad Max movies and Aussie accents, you'll definitely be able to recognise what it does well and have an awesome time. It's sort of like Just Cause 2 meets Tomb Raider meets Red Dead Redemption. Definitely worth the price tag whenever it is on special. No multiplayer.Mad Max - A Forgotten GemI had Mad Max on my wishlist for a while, I'd always been a fan of the movies, however, knowing what movie games are usually like (rushed, lacking content, little story), I knew I would never pay full price for this game. Eventually it came on sale for a meagre $6 which was a price I couldn't pass up, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised (maybeshockedis a better word) at the game I received.The game opens with a pretty standard sort of cinematic cut scene, nothing unexpected here, max loses his car to some marauders and basically ends up thrown in a ditch. At this point, you take control of Max. You'll notice that, strangely enough... it seems as if the game actually looks graphically better than the cut scene before it... you guide him through to an open area where you overlook the wasteland and at this point, being a bit of a graphics wh*re, I stopped in my tracks and just panned the camera for a few minutes - This is something that you will do often in Mad Max. This game is graphically... absolutely stunning. The wasteland is dusty and desolate with fragments of the old world dispersed throughout. The heat distortion and detail on the cars is truly something to behold and that's before I get to theexplosionswhich are some of the best I have ever seen in a game. I'd say the beauty in this game is probably what allowed me to play it for such a long time after the main story was over.You soon meet your mechanic, Chum, who rather religiously tends to your main car in the game, his'Magnum Opus'. The Opus is fully customisable and there are a plethora of performance mods and weapons to unlock here using the in-game currency, scrap - which can be conveniently be found just about everywhere. There are other cars in the game however none of them allow Chum to ride along and you will quickly realise that his repair skill and manning of an air-propelled harpoon gun are somewhat invaluable. I was not a fan of this because it really does deter you from using the other cars in the game, of which there are quite a few. I'd also like to mention that fuel conservation is basically not a thing, fuel and water are commodities which you will almost never run short of and I don't feel this is appropriate considering the apparent shortages in the lore and movies. Nevertheless, the car combat is another strong point in this game, it is well thought out and relatively consistent. Very enjoyable despite the somewhat average driving physics. I'm a car guy and the physics didn't put me off but this is by no means a driving sim, far from it.You will spend the majority of your time clearing out camps of Warboys and establishing stability in the four main regions. The combat on foot is mostly melee oriented, the only guns in this game are your shotgun (which you will not use much) and a handful of snipers (which aren't much of an issue once you figure out that Chum's harpoon gun can pluck them from their nests with ease). The hand to hand combat is very intense and absolutely brutal. It's very satisfying despite its repetitive nature. The enemies unfortunately are not very varied and if you go through the game expecting combat to change you will be disappointed. Eventually you will come to the conclusion that it is easier to just drive around camps spamming (you guessed it) Chum's harpoon gun, which is a one hit kill for all enemies. Later in the game it even gets a grenade attachment which when fully upgraded, one-hits any vehicle you will encounter as well. As a result, combat in this game both on-foot and in-car is as difficult as you want it to be. You could just not use the harpoon and then it would be quite challenging however it is just so fast and easy to use the harpoon that the temptation is real.I suppose it's time for me to get to the story and characters... this is... not this game's strong point. I can remember maybe... three of the characters in this game? They are all so weak and despite decent Aussie voice acting you will find yourself glossing over most of what they say. You don't really care about any of the characters because they are never developed so when they kill off a few it's a bit like... eh whatever... The story is linear and pretty simple. You help out a settlement, they help you get to the next place, you help them out, they help you get to the next place, some stuff happens, the game ends. Preston Garvey would be proud but it has very little replay ability that's for sure. If this game had multiplayer, it would be very much like Red Dead Redemption. There isn't multiplayer though and I don't really think it would work too well anyway because of the way combat in it is structured.To end on a good note, the map is colossal and intelligently designed. You really get a sense of scale when you're driving through it. It is a masterfully created wasteland and because of the vehicular aspect, it is appropriately massive unlike in the Fallout universe. Fragments of the old world,each of them uniquelitter it and there is always another location to check out, clear out, and loot. It would be boring driving the considerable distances from place to place if not for the random Warboy encounters and beautiful visuals. Every single camp, big or small is uniquely designed which makes it interesting to investigate the sometimes extremely creative (and sometimes grotesque) designs. There are not a whole lot of different things to do in the world however you'll always be in a different place with a different feel while doing them.SummaryVisuals - 10/10 - Absurd attention to detail, beautiful explosions and world-building.Sound - 7/10 - Decent sound, a few bugs, nothing special.Optimisation - 8/10 - Runs really well, GTX 660 has no issues with ""Very High"" @1080p. Large 32GB file size.Action - 8/10 - Intense and gritty punch-ups, masterful car combat. Repetitive.Characters - 2/10 - Weak and barely memorable characters. Max's comments are as numerous as they are grim.Story - 2/10 - Simple and uninteresting no-choices story line. Very little replay-ability.Overall a game for a certain kind of person, although I think when it goes on sale for $6 anyone could justify this purchase."
76561198014702049,Recommended,234140,17843299,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lord Tommy,"Something is happening here.  A lot of review sites, you know, the ultra progressive authoritarian ones who think that gamers are dead, gamers are over, and gamers don't have to be your audience; are telling people that this game isn't worth playing.Are they all upset that gamers have finally woken up to their lies, attempts to control a narrative, and utter contempt for us?  Are they now telling us that games that are fun and worth playing aren't fun or worth playing?I am having fun with this game.  There's a lot of mechanics at work here, I enjoy how the car is something central to you that becomes more powerful as you progress.  The combat is a bit simplistic, the shooting controls will throw you off (until you realize that shooting is more of a 'power attack' than a standard attack),  but the world is gorgeous, the gameplay is compelling, there are lots of things to collect without it feeling like overload (I'm looking at you Assassin's Creed 4 and Dragon Age Inquisition).The questions to answer are:Do you like games in the vein of Just Cause 2? (same production team)Do you enjoy a post apocalyptic setting?Do you enjoy an action game with RPG elements?Do you remember that playing games is supposed to be fun?Count up your ""yes"" answers and if they're 50% or more yes, then that's your answer on whether or not to get this game.Trust the gamers, the Steam reviewers who paid for the game to play it.  Do not trust the media sites, the ones who only give positive coverage when it suits their political agenda.  Or when a certain company *konami* flies them out to a private hotel for a week so they can play their game."
76561198047389417,Recommended,234140,17823567,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tough Tat Boi,"Oh what a game, WHAT A LOVELY GAME!"
76561197970620906,Recommended,234140,17848541,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kyouzo,"There is a huge disconnect between critics and players on this one. My guess is that most of the critics were PO'd they didn't get to review Phantom Pain and took it out on ol' Max.Me, I'm having a blast.And it runs like buttered silk."
,Recommended,234140,25408730,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Svirt,"Drought, gasoline, fist fights and fast cars!Max, a lone wolf who just wants to leave this damn filthy piece of land where survival of the fittest applies vigorously. All Max knows is this post-apocaliptic society stucked around Gastown. It's the last bastion of humanity surrounded by hostile land called Big Nothing. Max desires crossing part of Big Nothing called Plains of Silence in order to find what lays behind and start a new life. Forget what was lost. Rumour has it water and green vegetations are plenty there, but no one ever returned to confirm these legends. Still there would be no reason to return to this brutal and violent land led by masochists and maniacs. Max focuses everything just on one purpuse - build a car able to cross Plains of Silence - but what happens on his way its up to you to discover.Mad Max offers surprisingly large open world full of brutality, violence and day to day surviving. Wait, let me stop here, survival in this world for Max is as difficult as swimming for Michael Phelps. I would expect more elements and threats, but in this desert it's easier to meet a stranger than in my town on Sunday. Even though the Mad Max's world is welldesigned and every location is unique after a while you won't know whats lack of gasoline, water or even ammunition. On the other hand action parts of the game are spectacular and make the game very enjoyable. Beating to death almost every person you meet, destructing cars of other survivors and dismantling Scrotus's (President of Gastown and surrounding lands) camps makes game very entertaining.When we move to RPG elements, don't expect much. Story is short and plain. I was so curious about Max, or even about the past, how the world turned into this hellish place, but no, sorry, no explanation for you. Eventhough many relics (usually postcards) and monuments (lighthouse etc.) persisted the decline of civilization, you are here only to look around and examine them. It's not bad, but there could be so much more! Max's memories or just tale from anyone who you meet through the game.After all this game feels amazing despite all negatives.Pros✪ Amazing graphics and cutscenes✪ Welldesigned and unique world✪ Large open World✪ Action combat✪ Nice system of improving Max's abilities✪ Car customisation✪ Interesting collectibles✪ Races!Cons✪ Lack of survival elements - plenty of water, gasoline, ammo...✪ Short and plain story✪ Very easy to complete, the only ""hard"" parts demand your time not skill✪ Missing depth -  at any cost I wouldn't call this RPG✪ Repetitive side missions✪ Lack of options7/10Good quality action game"
,Recommended,234140,18110243,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr. Dusk,"Story is you are Max, left stranded for dead, vehicle taken and dismantled to scraps, and left with nothing but your clothes.Now full of vengeance and teamed up with your hunchback sidekick Chumbucket, it is now your destiny to rebuild a better machine called the Magnum Opus, something that the wasteland will tremble in fear from decades to come.That is basically it as you will have to travel the wastelands going into uncharted territory to build and upgrade your new vehicle from scrap all the way to making the Scrotus clan eat your deadly wheels as you will have to fight to survive by gathering food and water, taking over enemy clans camps, and racing your way to collect scrap as you upgrade.The vehicle has much to offer as you upgrade everything from wheels with better traction, harpoons to destroy enemy vehicles, paint job, armor, and all the works.You can also upgrade Max as well from his looks to his uniform to upgrade in combat as well, combat system kind of reminds me of Batman, only with shotguns and plenty of satisfying German Suplex's to even make Brock Lesnar jealous.Other form of combat comes from your vehicle as you the other half of the time you will come across gang of other vehicles looking to demolish, this all comes in handy as you can use your shotgun to shoot the enemy fuel tank in on kill or be strategic and use your harpoon to take off portions of the vehicle or lasso the driver out and flip him to oblivion.Now this may not be a popular opinion and I do apologize but to me, the racing and the driving controls in general were just way too stiff and clunky for me, I know you can upgrade for better traction but even half way through the upgrades my vehicle still felt like it was swimming through Crisco. Also, good luck with racing in the game, if you even as much get hit and swerve into the rocks while driving, you might as well restart the race because it takes forever to catch up to your enemy drivers while avoiding hazards to make sure your vehicle does not spontaneously combust while skating through the crisco wasteland. That may not happen to others, I don't know but that is my opinion.The other little minor issue I have is the weak ending. Throughout the game you will also have your share of boss battles which they all fight in the same pattern pretty much, either dodge out of the way to avoid their powerful attack or click the mouse to counter their attacks and lay into them with a series of punches and kicks as you will also go into fury mode which turns you into a ninja and you become a buffed up one man wrecking crew..but yeah the bosses were kind of weak, especially the ending boss, oh god the ending boss, which made the ending feel anti climatic..I mean here is the build up for the Lord of the wasteland called Scrotus, built up to make him look like a complete bad a**, and what do they do? Oh let's just put him into a car playing scaredy cat as we toss like 3-4 harpoons at him..and thats it..thats the last boss. Also the ending story just came out of nowhere as I felt like it was rushed, once again, maybe it was just me but they could have done something more to it.Other than that, graphics are great, I love traveling through the desolate wasteland to the creepy tunnels.Music and everything else is pretty good.So on this game it is kind of in the middle for me, but I do recommend it, just let the price go down a bit and then see what you guys will think. It is a good game with a decent length of 15-25 hours of gameplay depending on how many missions you go on.So yeah, a little repetitive but still something worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,234140,18121526,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Impetus,"I really liked it at first, but now 23 hours in ive come to the conclusion that this is a very repetitive game and have gotten boring for me.All you do is dismantle camps, destroy scarecrows, sniper towers and cars. Im so tired of it, its just the same over and over.. Others may like it, but i dont. And then theres the eternal search for scrapsThe story is decent at most, and the missions arent really that fun.  And the combat system, its 3 buttons, but the variation in enemy's kind of makes up for it imo.The things i do like about this game are:The game world and atmosphere, its just amazing, they really nailed the postapocalyptic wasteland, the weather and setting changes all the time, looks great.Its very well optimized, didnt expect to run it on very high/max with gtx 760 card.Upgrade system is goodLots of actionAll in all, gets a 6.5/10 from meIf it is heavily discounted and you are okay with 15+ hours of fun before it gets repetitive, then sure go ahead, but NOT worth 46$ imo.Wish i could give a neutral thumb"
,Recommended,234140,25516807,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,aShotOfDaniels,"It's on sale for the price of an expensive ale at a festival.It's got amazing graphics, is extremely well optimized, and the mechanics are solid.There may not be a wide variety of enemies to murder, but the vehicle combat more than makes up for it. There's something exhilarating about slamming into the side of a convoy at 90mph and unleashing hell, especially as it feels impactful.Seriously. Buy it. It's on friggin' sale and I don't regret buying it on release for full price."
,Recommended,234140,25190946,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"Mad Max is a game where the divine meets the driveshaft. Where fates and furies touch a flywheel.It's awesome.First of all, it's gorgeous. The monotony of the sand dunes is mitigated by a surprising amount of variety in the environment. Pools of oil, rock formations, and flocks of birds split things up naturally. But there are also traces of the past civilization: broken bridges, artificial roads, and vehicle wreckage abound.The lighting and particle systems are also excellent. The sun's rays make for a lot of dramatic imagery against what might have been an otherwise dreary landscape. I think I took more screenshots of Mad Max than any game I've ever played. My random travels generated breathtaking vistas at an astonishing rate.And the first time you're caught in a storm outside away from any shelter - it's an unforgettable experience. Progress on challenges gets lost if you die, so the storms can present a real threat to you. They disable fast travel too, so there's no easy escape. This is all as it should be. It makes for some tense segments where you will absolutely have to improvise to stay alive.Dying is otherwise not that big of a deal because most other types of progress generate an auto save. This is also as it should be. The system encourages you to be bold and more reckless than you might be otherwise, and that seems really in tune with the spirit of Mad Max.And that's another positive in general: Mad Max was ripe for an open world driving game, but I had no idea. A lot of the concepts and themes translate perfectly. The explosions, the fighting, ramming cars together - it's all a ton of fun.That said, the melee combat is one of my chief complaints about the game. It gets very repetitive very fast. I was hoping there would be a way to acquire more guns like a silenced pistol for stealth or an assault rifle for mowing down large groups. Sadly there's only the shotgun, and its upgrades don't feel that significant. There was a chance for a lot more depth in both the leveling system and the combat progression for the game as a whole, and the developers didn't take advantage of it.The car combat, on the other hand, is fantastic. I haven't had this much fun blowing up cars since Twisted Metal, and that came out 20 years ago. The amount of customization and improvements you can make is great, with the possible exception of the weapons. Having to choose between rockets and a minigun might've made things more interesting. But it's hard to knock it at all because the Thunderpoon is the best weapon I've used in a game in years. Plus it has the best name ever.THUNDERPOON!The open world aspects and the collectibles were pretty standard, though I was impressed by the variety. Most of it didn't feel old, even at the end. There are three notable exceptions.First, clearing the minefields was tedious, and this is largely because you have to get a different car from a base and it disappears if you fast travel - I wasted a lot of time forgetting that fact.Second, the day/night system. There are some missions that can only be performed at night. There are also only certain enemy and car types that appear depending on the time of day, and those distinctions are necessary to complete some of the challenges. BUT, there's no way to fast forward time. What's worse, time can get ""stuck"" and not move at all. You can spend literally forever waiting for the time to change so you can do that one mission and it will never happen. Nothing you do will affect it. It's incredibly frustrating, and I don't understand how it survived the testing phase.Third, the challenges. There's a single achievement related to getting all of them, and if you didn't know that before you finished mopping up everything, then you really screwed yourself over. There's no new game plus where the challenges carry over. And enemy spawns at the end of the game when it's all been cleared out are basically nonexistent. Just Cause 3 solved this problem with its ""Re-Oppress"" feature. Having now played a similar game where that doesn't exist makes me appreciate it a lot more. Plus, that one achievement will add 15-20 hours to your time even if you're prepared for it. They should've found another way, or at least eliminated the more troublesome, time-consuming challenges. It's ridiculous.Finally, let's talk about the story. It's generally presented well. I have a minor gripe that some of the cinematic action sequences would've been even better if they were playable. It felt like I was forced to watch instead of do things too often. What's worse is the story they were telling itself - clearly, secondary to the gameplay. Max is very much removed from all the characters in this part of the world: he doesn't know a single soul when he gets there. And whatever connections he does make throughout the game seem forced and one-sided. He's just not that sympathetic of a character the way they portrayed him here. On top of that, it doesn't feel like Max had a lot of agency to make choices or change anything. The world is more or less the same for his passing, despite everything you do as the player.The writing is amazing though. It makes Mad Max one of the best examples I can think of to showcase how dialogue and diction can be top notch while the overall story and plot is bland. Every time Chumbucket (there's a main character named Chumbucket!!!) opened his mouth I wanted to write everything down to save for later. Each of the characters has their own distinct personality and vocab. The voice acting on top of the writing is solid. These things came together in micro-moments where the cinematic sequences were shining bright examples of what can be done in the medium.Mad Max is a great game. Probably the best open world game I've played in recent memory. It's easily better than Watch Dogs and Shadow of Mordor. The comparison starts to get more interesting when looking at Sleeping Dogs, as one game's strengths might be the other's weaknesses. If Mad Max had a combat/upgrade system more similar to Sleeping Dogs and an improved story, then I think it would've been unstoppable, and competing with the likes of Fallout 4 for GOTY 2015 awards. Hopefully they make a sequel and improve those few areas while adding things like a true stealth mode and more time with Dinki Di. I'd buy that game faster than you can say ""Thunderpoon."""
,Recommended,234140,28077162,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,yuhuu811,"typically warner bros's gamesopen worldcar customizebatman combatton of missionssuperb mad max, i highly recommend this underrated game ^^"
,Recommended,234140,18049920,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Urah,"I deleted my previous recommendation to write this new one.I just wanted to warn Steam users (my friends, to be more precise) about some things about Mad Max.I still believe this is a great game, an awesome game, a supreme blast and loads of fun...BUT:Game went from owerwhelmingly positive to very positive, and for me too.The best is for me the wasteland, the scenario is utterly inspiring and really really cool.There IS one thing that lowered my opinion quite a lot: the survival aspect.How cool it would have been if the initial pressure of surviving remained a bit longer.Instead, you level up without even noticing nor wanting it, and your character is MAXed a lot earlier than the middle of the game.I thought several hours ago in the game that a realistic difficulty, a ""Fallout: New Vegas Hardcore Difficulty"" was missing in this game. Now I am absolutely convinced this lack is a flaw.What if all that scrap scrap everywhere scrap would have been components instead,or the lack of water and oil was a bit more preminent, more crucial?What was good, remains good:The relics (THIS is the best for me: to see pictures and words of the vanished world we still live in, for now). I look behind every stone in the desert for those.The storms!THAT is what I'd like the game to be: a struggle for survival more than a normal action movie that it is.A bit more of madness: that's what this (almost a) masterpiece lacks.More Mad and less Max.On the other hand, once you own the game USE the screenshot editor, because it adds a solid +50% of fun to the game."
,Recommended,234140,17843339,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Idiotech,Video: Quick Lookhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYluLmxjgXwFor a more detailed look at the game please watch the video above.If you like Shadow of Mordor and you like Mad Max you will like this game. It's doesn't do anything new but it's a good game and based on what I have played so far I would recommend it.Pros:+ Theme & Setting+ Visual+ Customisation+ Variety+ Open World+ Quality PortCons:- Repetative Gameplay- Voice Acting
76561198273717111,Recommended,234140,24628538,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gondo98,"Mad Max is a very repetitive game. You go to an area, clear it out, and drive to the next area while upgrading your vehicle and grabbing debris from the sand. Blah blah blah...Look kids every game is repetitive, but is it fun? Heck yea! What makes it fun isnt the story or how REVELUTIONARY it is. Its not either one of those, but i thought i should address that since some people wont want to touch it if it isnt changing how we see its genre. Its fun because you have cars and blow stuff up like the movies. Its just a fun and simple game to sit back, relax and enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,234140,26624575,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"Mad Max is good enough to recommend heavily discounted, but ultimately is made for those who enjoy grinding, collecting, and achieving.+Driving and car combat done right.+Huge open-world map.+Very deep level up/upgrade system for both Max and car.+Level design makes most of repetitive areas to add challenge.+Fury....beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of warboys without button mashing!+Gameplay hooked me a few times for hours.+Chumbucket. Starts out as annoying hunchback-clone from 300, but grows on you.-Repetitive. Repetitive. Repetitive. Re...you get the point.-Minefields. These really suck. Drive around semi-randomly, wait for dog to cry, exit car, press and hold E.-No story. I mean none.-Large green or purple dot stays on screen to denote a destination removes immersiion. We already have a map, mini-map, and green line on mini-map leading us to destination. This is an over-the-top, unnecessary dumb-down.-Superflous button-mashing; I understand the batman style melee mash, but ""Press and hold E to mash"" certain chests and doors? Why, developer, why??-Ladders: first you have to line up with them just right,  press E to get on, and slowly trudge rung by rung until you make it to the top.-""Press and hold E to collect scrap"" Why the hell do we have to hold a button for no damn good reason?7/10 Will return to Jeet's Stronghold again."
,Recommended,234140,17868441,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,I keep entering the vehicle on the wrong side.11/10 would drive from the passengers seat again.
76561198012160186,Recommended,234140,25530307,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso,"Well, I am a huge fan of the original Mad Max trilogy, and an even bigger fan of Thunder Road; however, I have had zero desire to play this game.  Call it poor marketing and grumbling from negative reviews.  I grabbed this game for $9.00 off of the September WB Steam sale, and even after DL'ing it, I had pretty much zero desire to actually play ....Then I turned it on and HOLY SH!T!!!  WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE!?#1 The intro -- The game makes it very clear ... YOU ARE MAD MAX!! Go do crazy!#2 The Graphics on PC -- I'm running a GeForce 780 GTX and have all settings on Max, funning 60 FPS no problem and it is by far, the most beautiful game I have ever played to date.#3 Story, Voice Acting, Production Etc. -- Top Notch and in perfect harmony with what a Mad MaX game should be.One Con -- and it's a minor one -- Playing with keyboard and mouse is a little annoying.  Not game breaking, but it's a little wonky, in terms of sensitivity.  A controller is optimal, but again, not a deal breaker by any means.If you like Mad Max, and have been on a fence about this one ... do yourself the favor and buy this one.  You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,234140,34778745,Posted: 6 September,all,Technobreaker,"Mad Max is one of those games that won't let you play the main story before upgrading yourself which is really, really annoying in my opinion but it's also one of the best games I've ever played. It gets repetitive very fast but amazing combat system and driving will keep you playing for hours. Story may seem boring at first but after the Stank Gum race you'll just love it. My only complaint about the game was bugs and limititations. I want to replay the main story now but I don't want to take all those camps again and again in order to replay it. So, it's a decent game but I'd suggest grabbing it during the sale."
,Recommended,234140,28570395,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,xerocuil,"This game is basically Grand Theft Shadow of Arkham, which isn't a bad thing, it's just that there isn't anything new or groundbreaking here. If post-apocalyptic open world is your thing, you'll probably enjoy this. Everyone else would probably do well to wait for a price drop. I was able to catch this on sale for $20 with the DLC included, had I payed full price for everything I probably would have been a bit disappointed."
,Recommended,234140,29363759,Posted: 19 January,all,Matrix,"When I start playing a new game, I always take notes of my first impressions (I was a reviewer of pc games about a decade ago), it's like a habit now for me. And I've rarely been so impressed with the early game as I was with Mad Max.The menu, the presentation and early game - very well done. The game world is unbelievably beautiful. It's freakin' gorgeous! Probably my most visually impressive 3rd person action game that I've ever played. Characters have good animations and are detailed. Controls are intuitive. Special effects and lighting is jaw-breaking. Weather effects <3, scenery <3 - everything is eye-gasmic. Day and night cycle makes the desert look so real and beautiful and ... sometimes lonely (in a good way).This game is based all around the battle cars and combat between them. It's very satisfying to combat a full convoy of them. The cars look deadly and diverse. Cars sounds are very satisfying. Even the controls are pretty good! Nitro animations looks awesome + you can speed up your car with it and whack other cars of the cliffs and stuff.I really like the hand-to-hand combat (It has some Shadow of Mordor vibe to it) and how the upgrade system works in Mad Max (too bad that you can get all the upgrades before or slightly after the midpoint. Of course, only if you do lots of side objectives, like I always do in these kind of games. And there are a lot of those little objectives or mini quests that you can participate in. (Just like in Batman or Far Cry, or Assassin's Creed games).The random storms are awesome. You really feel like you are in the middle of a f*cking disaster! Lots of mini tornadoes, lightning and flying debris that can damage you greatly.I really like how quickly you can descend the ladder. You just slide down and you're good to go. I hate when other games puts you in that unskippable animation and you sometimes have to waste 10 seconds of your precious life on the ladder.I really like how quickly Max can get out of a burning car before it explodes. You are never stuck in silly scripted animations.One thing that made me wonder - why Max can't jump high? He really despises jumping. I bet he couldn't even jump over his own shoes if they were lying somewhere on the ground. But then I realized. He looks like a ~35-40 year old man. He probably had to do a lot of jumping and running in his life so somehow he damaged his knees and he is just not able to do this sh|t anymore, so he said - f*uck it, I will not jump in my life anymore! Just like big NBA players in their late 30s. They can only run at a slow speed and can't even think about lifting off of the ground.Oh and explosions. Explosions. Seriously, explosions. No other game has better looking explosions. Period.This game has a little thingy called - capture mode. It literally makes you a photographer. if you want to be one - you can learn some basic things here: composition, depth of field, perspective and so on. Last 15 hours I was just hunting screenshots. Sometimes to make/take a perfect shot you need to invest dozens of minutes, but it's well worth it at the end. I've done like ~300 screenshots. I believe I could have done thousands of them If I would have used that mode from the very start. It's a great tool and I urge you to try it. (It's a bit buggy sometimes, but you will enjoy it anyway).Since I mentioned bugs - this game is pretty bug-free. BUT. I was trying to 100% this game and hunt for all the achievements and then a bug happened. I completed a mission and as a reward I had to receive the ability to build a maggot farm in one of my strongholds, but the game doesn't allow that. I've searched the internet and this thing is STILL not fixed (sad, sad face). I was/am disappointed. A great game with such a -+ game-breaking bug. But this should only matter to those who like to hunt for achievements.As a 3rd person action game - it has it all. And if you are one of those people that like to LIVE in the world, not just run through the main quest and be done with it - this game will provide you with lots and lots of fun hours.On a side note - this is how Fallout 4 should have looked like (from a graphical standpoint)."
,Recommended,234140,17825592,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ervinache,"I got an erection when i first destroyed a convoy.Pros:Nice graphics.Satisfing gameplay.You can wreck cars like never before.The hand to hand combat is really good.Huge map.Lots of things to do on the map.Cons:The hand to hand combat is very easy , you can kill most of the enemyes easily.Eats your time."
,Recommended,234140,17822278,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sam,60FPS Insane Australians.10/10
,Recommended,234140,25564779,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,wozron,I was expecting Assassin's Creed: Wasteland but actually got Grand Theft Dingo.
76561197988077759,Recommended,234140,25084653,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,danny_maland,"""Mad Max"" flirts with great, and dances with brilliant, but doesn't end up marrying either of them.The main mission path is really well done as a piece of storytelling, especially as it twists the knife in both Max and the player. (You'll know what I mean.)But...there are all these other, potentially fascinating characters that barely get any exploration at all.The world is both large AND quite detailed as an environment. The effort put in by Avalanche on that front is obvious and impressive.But...when it comes down to it, what there is to actually do in the world is very ""samey."" Sure there are variations on the themes, but those variations are pretty minor. On top of that, all progression pretty much amounts to the same thing (getting scrap to pay for upgrades), and you can get essentially Maxed out (see what I did there?) relatively early. At that point, your actions seem pretty academic and rote, even though there's still lots of territory potentially unexplored.I personally felt that the vehicular combat was extremely solid, and maybe even stellar at points. If you were going to make a road-warrior sort of game, ""Max"" would be an excellent template to follow. The controls make plenty of sense after a bit of explanation and practice, and the overall balance is just about right to get challenge without frustration.But...vehicle combat ends up being rather less central than you might expect. Instead, a lot of what you have to do to advance the game is focused on dismounted, hand-to-hand fighting. The mechanics there actually aren't bad, but the way the encounters are structured makes man-to-man fights boring and repetitive.The Magnum Opus is a very cool piece of customizable hardware, and it's great fun to experience its upgrades as bits and pieces are added.But...for some reason, the Opus never seems as durable as Chumbucket's dune buggy. Sure, the buggy isn't good at vehicle offense, but it can roll over almost any terrain and take a HUGE pounding. Your super-rad, armored assault car goes off a small ledge, and a very sizable chunk of structural integrity gets chewed up. The buggy, on the other hand, seems like it could fall from 30,000 feet and not register any damage. It's a little bizarre.Speaking more generally, I think that one main measure of an open-world game is how well it hides the fact that it's all built on repetition. It's not that something like ""Far Cry"" doesn't have a similar amount of cut-and-paste as ""Mad Max."" It's just that the ""Far Cries"" and the ""Fallouts"" manage to get enough of both uniquely crafted material and fun, snappy gameplay ""loops"" into the mix that the repeated elements become washed out. With ""Mad Max,"" the feeling that you're continually leaving and arriving at the same party just isn't countered very well.Was I unhappy that I spend my money on this game? Not at all. It was worth it. I put a bunch of time into the experience. Avalanche did quite well, but it seems like all the effort got put into the environment when they might have spread out the resources a bit more evenly. It's a touch unfortunate - the game could have been an instant classic if it were smaller but more interesting - but I'm not really ""Mad"" about it. (See what I did there?)"
,Not Recommended,234140,28760605,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IndustryStandard,"It's repetitive. I know this isn't a unique thing to say about it, but if you are the person checking the negative reviews for more depth and not just constant praise then you are in the same boat I was in a few days ago.It isn't just combat, while it's literally click. click. click. right click. click. click. over and over again, this wouldn't bother me. And I told myself it wouldn't bother me when I decided to take a chance with the game anyway.You have no tactical approach to ANYTHING, I know ammo is scarce, but your only gun is a shotgun that you will likely only have a shell or two for most of the time. You don't get any of the other guns you saw in the movies. The problem with this is that if we had more guns in the game with specific uses then combat would actually have a bit of variety with it. I heard people compare the combat to the batman games but those games have far more layers of depth that Mad Max doesn't even come close to having, the entire stealth elements are gone, the various gadgets and combos just don't exist. Every fight will be the same.The world is not good, I know it's a big♥♥♥♥♥desert, but look what Fallout 3 and Borderlands 1 have. This game copy pastes a lot of locations, and once you've played the first 2 hours you have seen everything unique about the game. It's after you start exploring where you realize this game has about as much depth to /anything/ as a puddle. You won't find unique NPCs or locations and you don't have random encounters. It just feels stale, like the world was generated by a computer and untouched by humans. You aren't ever going to find anything, it's always going to be scrap. Not unlike other games where you could find all sorts of loot, lore or interesting sights and characters. Nope just scrap.This adds to the repetitive nature, I can handle barebones combat, but if the environment and enemies are all the same, it's basically replaying a level over and over again for hours at that point, and that would drag on for anyone. Except those that have hundreds of hours somehow.You might think the car stuff is the bees knees and the rest pales in comparison, but car combat is pretty meh at best, I like traveling in a car I slowly upgrade overtime, I like hookshotting parts of other cars or people in the car and ripping them off. But you won't find the combat anything like it is in fury road, it usually dwells into driving in a circle around the other trying to nitro boost ram them over and over until they blow up. It just isn't enough.You can assault locations like oil rigs, and the game implies some form of tactics here in its tutorial, destroying perimeter defenses and eventually the gate. But it's always the same damn defenses so what is the point?! And you take out all 3 of them (Sniper tower, fire tower, and gate) by just driving past it and using the hookshot to knock them over. It takes all of several seconds to accomplish this!The last thing that initially hooked me, was when I first started I fell in love with how the game was looking like I was in an actual desperation for ammo, food and water. No regenerating health, you need to recover by eating or drinking water, which doesn't come in a large abundance. Ammo is scarce so making careful use of your shotgun for vital targets (No such thing) is important. I kept trying to conserve bullets thinking I should focus on vital targets, but no such targets exist.And of course they ♥♥♥♥ the survival up too with strongholds. With strongholds you can enter them and get your car refueled, health restored, water cantine refilled and ammo fully restocked for no charge. It nullifies the survival feel entirely.Storywise it's incredibly basic, Max just wants to assault GasTown for a V8 engine and some spritual journey crap blah blah. It's nothing special, it ain't bad. But it's not going to be something you remember.Technical wise the game runs fantastic and looks above average for it's time. More forms of anti aliasing would be great since FXAA looks dreadful in this game. I think TXAA would have been fantastic with the subtle blurring.Lip syncing is BEYOND BAD like this is bad english dub anime bad, the lips don't even move and if they do it's not synced at all. AT ALL! How does this still happen in a 2015 game?! It's distracting as hell.The voice acting for the most part was acceptable, but then you find these NPCs, they are like random NPCs that don't do much other then sometimes giving you worthless intel or a little scrap. And I have never wanted to stop hearing so much before, the dialogue is terribly written, the accent is bad, and the voice quality is terrible. The lines feel so forced and feel like a medicore mod was installed in my game instead of it being a triple A game. Hell even the audio for these NPCs are slightly louder then the rest and it stands out.I really can't suggest this game, I haven't played it in like 2 days and I don't feel the impulse to ever play it again. It's sad because I waited a long time to try it, and wanted to enjoy it but I can't. If I had any word to describe this game it'd be ""padding"" I think it would have worked better with a tighter focus on the story and less on putting out another sandbox game."
,Recommended,234140,32388121,Posted: 13 June,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Cool characters. This had to be in the game for it to feel like Mad Max. Whether it's Toe Cutter, Johnny, Gyro Captain, Master Blaster, Immortan Joe, Mad Max is known for its colorful characters in both supporting and antagonist characters. This game hits it pretty well.Massive Map. Avalanche seems to like big maps (they also made the Just Cause series) there isn't a shortage of stuff to do and it's got a decent to pretty good variety.World building. I'm not as far as some people, but in my time I've become very immersed into the world. There are good details that come from the movies and into their own imagination to make the world feel vast, unique, and colorful. They even put bios to learn more about each characterCombat system. There are two types of combat, car and on foot. First, the car. The car battles are a lot of fun and can be dealt with based on your car that you build and your style of play. The hand to hand has had mixed reviews, but it's fun, quick, and brutal. When I first heard about the game, I was hoping more Last of Us style, but honestly, it works very well. The hand to hand isn't perfect, but it's not bad at all and nowhere near breaks the game.Customization. The comes with both Max to and extent and the Magnus Opus. You, as the player get to choose your fighting and driving style. Big and heavy, fast and explosive or somewhere in between. With max, the upgrade system is pretty cool and unique with the wanderer. The garage has a good variety of upgrades to make your car different than a lot of players.!Fast, thrilling open-world action game that captures the spirit of the George Miller films.!!!Great screenshot maker, and for me, the process of building my own car and exploring this beautiful post apocalyptic world become a true adventure."
,Recommended,234140,33983988,Posted: 2 August,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"I'd say something clever to start this review but I my car isn't fast enough.You play as Max Rockatansky, a former member of the Main Force Patrol turned Road Warrior in a world that may be either a post apocalyptic Australia or modern day Australia, it's never made clear.On his way to the plains of silence, Max is attacked by Scabrous Scrotus, the world's buffest mad with the funniest name. After Scrotus and his War boys steal Max's Interceptor, take his cool jacket, and leave him for dead, Max comes across the hunchback known as Chumbucket.Chum, who is a Black Finger, sees Max as a saint sent by the Angel of Combustion, and asks of him to help him complete the Magnum Opus, a super car that makes other cars look like go-karts. Max, who needs a new car, joins forces with the religiously obsessed Chumbucket and the two go across the wasteland and do a bunch of chores for scrap so they can make their stupid little loser car into a macho cool big boy car.Angry Andrew is pretty much your standard WB open world game akin to Batman or Shadow of Mordor. You drive around the wasteland, searching for scraps to collect, fortresses to overtake, and Scrotus totems to destroy. For every part of Scrotus' army you destroy the lower his hold on a region becomes, until it reaches zero and Scrotus' Warboys leave the area, only leaving generic enemies like Buzzards or Roadkill. This all would be tedious, and it is, but you can basically ignore the tedium because of one thing. And that is-CARCOMBATWOOOOOOOOWhile the melee combat as Max on foot is competent, the car combat is basically the bread and butter. While driving around, you'll encounter enemies on the road, who will usually turn and give chase. You can ram into them with the front of your car, ram into them on the side, or have your faithful Chum use one of the many upgraded gadgets on the Magnum Opus to ruin their Christmas, like pulling off a tire with a hook or just flat out shooting them with a friggin rocket launcher.There is a plethora of options to upgrade your Magnum Opus, adding powerful rams, sturdy armor, turbo, and grappling hooks. You can also find chassis for the car around the wasteland, giving you another level of optimization for your Magnum Opus alongside paints you get from defeating bosses. Making sure your car is the prettiest girl at the dance.While car combat is nice, the foot combat is what you expect from a WB open world game. You attack with one button, and counter with the other. Only instead of having a button to throw baterangs you just shoot people with a shotgun, giving Max a foot up on Bruce in that department. You can also upgrade Max to make combat a little more complicated, allowing you to counter and reverse weapon wielding enemies as well as add extra force behind your punches at the end of your combos. It's not much, but it makes the combat a little bit more feasible.The voice cast is mostly amazing, which is a good thing since Good Ol' Chum talks to you through the entire game. His ranting and raving about the Angel Combustion, the Magnum Opus, and other cult things almost makes you wish you could join him in his worship. Warboys also have great lines, but they don't really stack up to their Fury Road counterparts. Still, the raspy weak voices to the screaming lunatics really hit home that this is a world gone to crap.There's always this overlying sense of dread in the Miffed Marty world. While other post apocalyptic series like Fallout or Walking Dead have this tone of hope and progress, Mad Max's world feels like people are running on borrowed time, these people are on their last limb and are holding on for dear life. The game isn't a difficult survival sim by any stretch of the meaning, but it's a world completely destroyed, where people live in rubble and work with whats left in a bombed out, crapped out Australia.Like, these guys drip dew for water and keep corpses around to farm maggots. It's been what, 2 years in Walking Dead and every second person is eating people.The game has it's issues. Like said before, clearing out territory of Scrotus' influence can be a chore. While blowing up totems and killing snipers is fine. You're always going to be left with mine clearing, which is probably the dumbest time waster anyone has ever come out with in a very long time. You have to find these fields, go back to a camp, get a car with a dog so that the dog can sniff out the mines in the minefield, then you have to get out of your, disarm the mine, get back in your car, find another mine, and do it again. This continues for at least three mines before the field is considered clear. That's dumb, you're dumb.It also doesn't help that every piece of territory in a region has about two to three mine fields, meaning you're going to have to do this in every part of the map if you want 100%. I don't know what they were thinking when they put this in the game but it was probably along the lines of “I don't like Dirk, he's homeless and smelly, lets make this game hard for him.”There's also this weird thing that happens sometimes where if someone is in front of the car when you try to ram it, they basically work as a kind of buffer, meaning that your ram doesn't actually touch the enemy car, and just kind of knocks it away. It's funny the first time, but much like watching monkeys do it, it gets old really quick.Also, it's kind of a little detail, but sometimes in fury mode you can't cancel out of an attack when someone is about to hit you, so you basically have to take the hit. It makes sense, considering you're going to g Stone Cold a fool and it requires both hands, but other games of the same variety didn't really have this problem.Also, I noticed that the Magnum Opus' handling kind of hits the trash in certain missions, making your car spin out and screwing you over in some tense parts. It reminds me of the racing missions in San Andreas in a way.All in all, it's a fun game, but if you've played games like Batman or Shadow of Mordor, you've basically played this one. It stands out with the grim Mad Max setting and it's cool cars and sense of speed alone, but if you didn't like either Batman or Mordor, you're probably not going to like this one. It usually goes on sale, so you should probably wait for it to go cheap before shelling out the money.Enraged Eric gets 7 crazy apocalypse people screaming nonsense out of 10.Tic Tacs contain sugar, but there's so little that the FDA doesn't have to announce it.The Corpus Curator of the Warboys"
76561198016148891,Recommended,234140,17859861,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,morkaii,For once a wasteland game that feels wasteland. A must for any Mad Max fan - you will love it. This is for the Mad Max fan what Alien: Isolation is to the Alien fan.10/10
,Recommended,234140,28616618,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Águia Russa,"Everyone knows those two same formulas:A good movie will usually translate into a bad or mediocre game OR a good game will translate into a bad or mediocre movie.Luckly, this is an exception to both rules.While the game is repetitive, since basically you drive from A to B and smash people in the face and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up while on the road, the game is rather fun. The game isn't plagued by performance issues at least on my PC, even though I don't fully meet the recommended requirements but still am running it on high settings WITH a godly performance. The devs sure did their homework with optimizing.The gameplay is repetitive. If you played Far Cry 2 then you'll know what I mean when I say you'll need to drive EVERYWHERE. Luckly there are plenty of fast travel locations that can be quite easily unlocked. The combat in this game is repetitive, be it on foot or the vehicular combat. On foot it's very reminiscent of the batman games, you dodge, parry and beat the crap out of every single soul that crosses your path. But it is pretty fluid.On the road, the combat is pretty interesting. The cars handle about as well as you'd expect them to handle on sand and rock, that is to say, not so very well, but upgrading your tires helps! Basically, you get as much speed a possible to crash into the other guy and blow him up, before he does the same to you. Your car also has some interesting gimmicks such as side burners so you can get up close to the other cars and melt them, a post-apocalyptic harpoon launcher, that can also launch harpoons with the added ""oomph"" of exploding tips, a sniper rifle for taking out snipers or vehicles at long range, as well as lots of other sharp and pointy things to grind other cars to scrap, or keep people from boarding your car and beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. You can also, of course, trust your shotgun to shoot the other drivers in their face, shoot their tires out, or even blow up their gas tanks, and if needed, defend against people boarding your car.Basically you'll travel the wasteland looking for scrap so you can upgrade your car and your gear, water so you can keep yourself healthy and eventually give it to thirsty wanderers, and fuel to keep your car running. While scrounging up these things you will come across some interesting objects that say something about the old world as it began to descend into madness, usually upon inspecting these, the protagonist will deliver a one liner with his views about things.Altough the gameplay is repetitive, the map is HUGE. I'm 10 hours in and I haven't advanced much into the history, as I'm focused on clearing all the tidbits on Jeet's territories. That is to say, clearing out camps, sniper towers, minefields and their ""scarecrows"". If you are one of those hardcore 100% completiniosts, this game will probably drain you quite a few hours of your life.All in all, this is a very good game and an interesting singleplayer experience. The graphics are good, the game runs great and the post-apocalyptic vehicular carnage is about as blood as you'd expect it to be, with people getting impaled on your car as they try to board it, cars losing a tire because of a very hard crash, and running down other wastelanders as you drive somewhere to scavenge, all followed by the classic meal of maggots or can of dog food, because that's what's for dinner in the apocalypse."
,Recommended,234140,17823402,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,deezy,"Pros:- Excellent Combat System, smooth.- Brutal, and Bada** finishing moves.- One of the best Optimized games to come out in awhile (1080p on High @ 60FPS with a GTX 760)- Beautiful Graphics, Beautiful World, Well designed characters.- A Large, and Vast open world to explore, along with a ton of side missions to do- The overall enviornment is amazing (Sounds, Voice acting, Atmosphere, it's all good. It really gives you that ""Post-Apocalyptic"" feel that not many games can give you)- 3 hours into the game, and the story looks promising.Cons:- So far the only problem I have with this game is the Driving. For a game to be mainly focused on driving, the controls feel a little but sluggish and slow, or delayed. It's not terrible but it will definitely take some getting used to. Oh, and there's no handbrake? wut.- Not a big deal but the mini hop you do in this game is completely useless."
,Recommended,234140,33840550,Posted: 27 July,all,Gbillybob,Batman Arkham City fighting system+great car mechanics+WITNESS ME=Great Game
76561198072854315,Recommended,234140,17913559,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,delayman2,"It is quite ironic that the critics find the game mediocre while the game gets an overwhelming positive feedback from the gaming community.If there is one thing that I could say about the game is that it is really pretty. From the setting sun, to the raging sandstorm, to the colorful explosions, the visuals of the game is really well done. You might be expecting that everything is a bland hue of brown and you are mostly correct but they did splash some color in the game and I mean bright colors too. Blues, oranges, violets, are all there. Nothing is quite a giggling inducing as beating the crap out of a bright blue wasteland baddie.The voice acting in the game is good. They actually got an authentic Australian to voice Max and not the movie type Australian like you're listening to Steve Erwin, you got a proper Australian accent going on.The game has a huge map and there are tons to do. Destroying camps, scavening scraps, pulling down scarecrows, and more. There is the feeling of being a janitor as you sweep all the icons off the map. It can be tedious if you have been at it for a couple of hours.Vehicular combat is were the game shines. It is violent, primal, and full of excitement. Your car is a veritable moving arsenal. The Magnum Opus (your car) is highly customizable. If you want a rolling fortress or a speeding bullet, you can configure it to your heart's content.The game uses the same system as Batman and Shadow of Mordor. You can counter attacks with button prompts and mash the attack button to wade in a fight. If you are used to Avalanche's fighting system, you'll be right at home here. If you are looking for something else, you'll be disappointed. It's good but nothing innovative.There were some (a lot) of people that were concerned about how well the game is optimized for PC users. Well, I'm glad to say that the game works wonderfully. Being that the game was developed in house rather than outsourcing the porting to another company ensured that the game is properly optimized though I feel that I should not have to talk about that because since when does proper optimization have to be a positive of a game? This should be the norm not an exemption.With Metal Gear being released on the same day, is Mad Max worth it? I would say yes. I bought it for $30 USD so I think I'm getting my value's worth. If you are a fan of the Mad Max universe then I say play the game.If you are new to the Australian wasteland, give it a try."
76561198049455508,Recommended,234140,33676502,Posted: 20 July,all,jgc5290,"Excellent. Much better than expected. Runs well, fun story, fun characters. A few surprises. I also played on console and would definately say this game was a pleasant surprise. I'll be back to play more."
,Recommended,234140,17821931,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Escardax,"Although there was a bit of hassle with the midnight release. The game is finally out! I haven't spent to much time with the game, but enough to say that this is by far one of my favorite games this year!Pros:- Excellent Optimization (I'm getting 100-120fps with everything MAX'd out(pun intended) on a GTX 980Ti)- Great Graphics- Fluid & Meaty Combat, the punches Max throws feel so heavy and hard hitting- Story seems solid from what I've so far experienced- The open world is PACKED with things to do, you're never 20 seconds without finding some sort of camp or loot stash- Cars control perfectly- Extensive Graphics options- Outstanding Voice-Actingthere is so much more, but I won't spoil anything else!Cons:- Anti Aliasing only has an On/Off function, you can't set it to FXAA/SMAA/MSAA, not a huge problem, but would be nice to have that option.- For some reason the refresh rate option doesn't seem to save sometimes. But it's working for me now.That's all!Overall I would give this game a solid 10/10.It's probably the most optimized AAA PC title to come out so far this year, it has a well written story and enough content to keep you busy for 10's of hours!"
,Recommended,234140,20284576,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"In many ways 2015 was the year of Mad Max. We got the excellent film Mad Max Fury Road earlier in the year closer to May, and in September we recieved Mad Max 2015 by Avalanche studios. The devs behind the Just Cause series.When I first heard about this game I hated the idea of it. I didn't really think in the era of Fallout that we really needed another derivative post apocalyptic open world game. When I heard Mel Gibson wasn't involved at all that really made me less interested in it. Then after Fury Road I relaxed to the idea of more Mad Max. And I was surprised by how much I liked this game and what it set out to accomplish.In many ways the Mad Max Film series is almost the perfect concept for an open world driving game. You have a post apocalyptic sandbox filled with hostile enemy raiders. You have a core driving experience with car combat and upgrade trees to customize your hot rod. What I was surprised by the most with this game in particular was how much detail was paid attention to. There are numerous little callbacks to the previous films, and the stylistic decisions they made with the game were spot on.The wasteland of Mad Max was perfectly nailed. Unlike the Fallout games, the world feels very handcrafted. Nothing feels copy-pasted and throwaway locations like enemy outposts all look scenic enough to take a dozen screenshots of. The game also boasts an impressive draw distance and it runs extremely well on PC. The gameplay is solid enough. With car combat being a highlight in the game. There's a very noticeable focus on scavanging. Your car requires gasoline to keep going, you require water inorder to heal yourself. You only ever find individual shells for your gun and can only carry a handful at one time. I really do feel more like a vulture picking at a corpse of a dead world than a super soldier like in most modern sandbox games.But with all that said, the game isn't for everyone. I feel alone when I say this but the things people dislike about this game, like the heavy focus on sidequests, the general minimalistic storyline and lack of gunplay are things that appealed to me about it. I actually think the laundry list Assassin's Creed formula benefits this game greatly. Your grand objective in this game isn't a pointless revenge story or a pointless revolutionary story. You spend the vast majority of this game looking for ways to upgrade your car. I like how the game focuses on that rather than a more generic storyline and mission structure.As I said the game isn't for everyone. If you're not a fan of the Mad Max films and you get turned off by a heavy focus on sidequests with a game I'd suggest looking elsewhere. I'd wager less than 10% of Mad Max is actual story content and if that sounds like a bad thing, you will probably find a lot of this game very tedious."
,Recommended,234140,23004458,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Borracho,"A true modern epic of masculinity. Mad Max is almost biblical in it's timeless retelling of one man's furious quest for vengeance. Production is top notch and the world speaks directly to the male soul. There is dust, death, regrets, blood and tears. By far the most underrated game of 2015 and one of the most enjoyable open-world gaming experiences out there.Very, very highly recommended."
,Recommended,234140,34470244,Posted: 24 August,all,PaMelrabo,"I wish it was shorter.But the worldbuilding is top class and you'll screenshot every bleak, desolate, beautiful place.Get it on sale. But get it."
76561198032424803,Recommended,234140,26163307,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Wehrsportyoga,"The best mediocre game I have ever played. Beautiful (but slightly low on interaction) world, car handling is really nice, and punching painted seminaked dudes in the face is beautifully staged. Oh, and don't even start with the fire. This game has the nicest, oiliest, smokiest, burniest explosions and fire effects in a car game yet and makes setting things on fire so much fun.So why mediocre? There is absolutely nothing you haven't seen or played before - the car combat, the brawls, the upgrading of strongholds, the slow grind to rid an area of weird negative influence by performing repetitive tasks... all of it executed perfectly well, but there is no area where the game actually tries to do something innovative.Still, 9/10 burning tires, would set on fire again."
,Recommended,234140,17852672,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Souplespoon,"There's a car modification called ""ThunderPoon""10/10"
,Recommended,234140,17905111,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,✠EternalHaze✠,"The car modifications of Need for Speed Underground meets the combat of Batman, open world of Just Cause, and the region threat system of Red Faction Guerrilla. I could run it on MAX on my R9 270x 2GB and still get 45 - 60 FPS depending on the scene. A very optimized game."
,Recommended,234140,31756450,Posted: 14 May,all,Mechanic,"Mad max movies are awesome but the game seem even better,it last longer and you play the famous Mad Max.I really like the fact that there are so many elements in the game that are applied from the movies.Game it self is amazing,huge map and a great looking open world,endless things to do and to explore,upgrading that take long and very interesting process,and a fun combat action on the road.It's a unmissable game for every Mad Max fan."
,Recommended,234140,17856587,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bill the Gifter,You get to play Max.What more could you want?In all seriousness I've just been let out into the first free roam ish area and I have to say. I'm really enjoying it.The hand to hand system seems a little lacking but the car combat is pretty cool. And the characters I've met so far are pretty awesome. Was it worth the price? I'd say yes.It does suffer from the usual sandbox issue (as far I've seen) of the main missions being in a bubble when compared to the freeroam but meh.I'm enjoying Max Max. I  hope to enjoy it for much longer.
,Recommended,234140,31247208,Posted: 19 April,all,Uncle_D,"Pretty freaking good game, and not one you'll finish in week, having great fun with this one. Buy if you like a long story line"
,Recommended,234140,17824546,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,dekker,"I tend to only write reviews if the game pisses me off to no end... Or if the game meets almost every expectation i had.Mad Max is definitely the latter.Pros:Brilliantly made portWonderful Performance (I have a little better than a mid tier computer and and able to run the game on the highest settings and havent yet dropped below 45 frames)Beautiful to look at (this is the only game where the cutscenes do the game no justice)Driving is fun and feels well developedMotor sounds (they sound loud af just like in the movies) <3Enviornment (everything is made with the steam-punk vibe that the game should have. There aren't quest items that look brand new)Sounds (from the wind to the guns to the engine its great)Item rarity (food and water, which replenish health faster, are very hard to find. Gas is also a moderately rare commodityCons:The sand storm sound is like earrape and you can't choose to only lower that sound.No difficulty levels (combat is easy most of the time)Nitro feels almost useless when you first get itNo stealth (A stealth option would have been fun. I would rather not run head on into 10 guys in a camp)Accidental cutscene skipping (when a cutscene is triggered the game says press ""E"" to skip... That's a lie... if you click anything at all it skips the cutscene. Because of this I've missed a few cutscenes D:)Overall the Pros outweigh the cons quite a bit! I would definitely recommend this game :D"
,Recommended,234140,30697264,Posted: 23 March,all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"Mad Max is Awsome and after the Fallout series my favorit postapocalyptic game.This time i dont have a Power Armor a Casino or a Alien Blaster, no this time i have a car with V6 & V8 Engine, Nitro and cool Weapons. A beautiful Landscape, And a beautiful story in the form of Postcards which people have written before or in the apocalypse. (some are very emotional).I am now in act 3, It feels as if I would always do the same but does not lessen the fun.I want to find and collect everything, destroy the evil and help the weak, and tuning my Car :)You want many quests ? not in Mad Max, the focus is to drive in locations find scrap metal, Car bodies, Gasoline for your Car upgrades and the Car is your Home, your Life insurance alternativ you find Postcards, Water and foodBut the higlight is the Screenshot Tool.You have many Settings for the Camera, filter, overlays, Distance and many more. Absolute great"
76561198070241514,Recommended,234140,30132496,Posted: 23 February,all,John,Definitely a fun game worth playing. It's little bit repetitive but overall a good game
,Recommended,234140,24780820,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[-NEPA-]K!ller45,"Pro's:-Runs Smooth, well optimized, looks great, and didnt encounter any errors-Good Story-40+ hours of gameplay if you are a completionist-Car customisationCon's:-Main story feels relatively short-Very repetitive side missions and bosses-There is not much ""Survival"" to this game. Lots of food and water around.-Melee and car combat can get a little boring at timesI think the game could have been even better with a co-op feature were a friend could be in the back of the car instead of Chumbucket. Also needed to hear them shout ""Witness me"" more."
76561198003030375,Recommended,234140,18128985,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Mad Max:~~~~~~~~In a post-apocalyptic world when sand dunes have replaced pretty much everything, this world is brutal and vast! Only a skilled and fearless warrior with a knack for driving can survive this ordeal. His name is Max, Mad Max!You will be playing Mad Max (no kidding), a tough guy on a mission to rebuild a new and slightly modified motor vehicle called the “Magnum Opus!” You will be assisted by ""Chumbucket"", a brilliant but strange mechanic who wears an unusual jewellery piece, a spark plug necklace!This game really reminds me of a mixture of a few games:  Shadow of Mordor for how the map is laid out, and instead of climbing towers to view an area, you take a trip on a small hot air balloon to pin point locations on the map; and the Batman series for the combat system. Great story line with well-designed missions but if you are like me you will go through the entire area to pick up collectibles, scrap metal and project parts, or you could even go racing - MARVELLOUS!!Make sure to collect all the scraps you can find so you will be able to add on features to your “Magnum Opus” but also equip your favourite warrior with well needed upgrades. Upon achieving missions and challenges, you will be rewarded with tokens which you can use by having a friendly one-on-one chat with Griffa. He will use his magic to put you to sleep and then you will be able to increase Mad Max abilities.In some locations, you will find project parts. These parts can be used to upgrade strongholds so when you stop there, it will regenerate your health, fuel and ammunitions.Let’s be  honest, Mad Max is absolutely magic in regards to graphics and the game runs beautifully well. Great voice over, the controls are smooth and easy to master. Just a stunner of a game!Positives:~~~~~~~-	Big open world and lots to do-	Splendid graphics-	Great voice over-	Plenty of upgrades-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Are you for real?Probably one of the best games I have played this year! What are you waiting for? Just get it!10/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,234140,26607197,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,VK,"8/10 FOR THIS EPIC GAME.During the first 2-3 hrs of this game, I felt like game is boring and repetitive. But later when the game goes on it become so interesting that one can keep playing until the game ends.Took me around 20hrs to beat this game. Very emotional and awesome ending.Pros:-Great storyline that will drive you into the game. Plot twists, awesome moments, emotional moments etc everything is in this game. One of the best I have ever played.-Amazing combat as expected from WB. Finishing moves, execution, punches, melee weapon etc are really great.-Graphics are awesome. Sometimes I felt like stop the car and enjoy the desert view. That sand storm is also great and realistic.-Gameplay is superb. One simply cannot expect better than this.-Optimization is 10/10. Played the whole game at Constant 60 FPS.-Side missions (Wasteland missions) are also fun to play.-Game characters are freaking awesome. Bosses, enemies, friends, leaders etc all the characters are made differently which is so enjoyable in game.Cons:-We can't even jump properly. i.e we can't jump on very low heighted rocks.-Handling is poor but not that poor coz once we get used to it, we'll enjoy the driving.-Clearing all threats in all region is freaking boring.-Keep doing main missions or else you'll get bored.I got this game at 50% off. The reason I played this game is because of its movie. Movie really made me the fan of Mad Max so I bought the game. And really worth spending money on this. In the end I'm really happy and satisfied with this game.Will recommend to all of my friends."
,Not Recommended,234140,18034307,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mijin,"In an effort to make this game look like it has 80x more content than it actually does, like so many modern games of this type, they've copy pasted pratically the same activity all over the map. If you enjoy doing the same 4 things over and over endlessly, then this is the game for you. I bought because I was a fan of the Mad Max movies when I was a kid. This game is probably only worth about $10."
,Recommended,234140,24631653,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,sina,"Spoiler Review for the CompletionistAbout 50 hours into the game, while I was grinding achievements in a hypnosis-like haze the game had induced on me, I slowly realized the kind of man Mad Max is.Mad Max is the story of a psychologically unstable man who forces his own view of justice and order on a disturbed yet otherwise functioning post-apocalyptic society.Shortly after being ambushed by the warlord Scrotus the Immortan Jr., ""the crazy eyed road warrior"" Max, hellbent on revenge, goes completely out of his way: he topples down every single stronghold that probably without option declared allegiance to the tyrant Scrotus, he pillages every single isolated and obscure domicile where starving scavengers survive and get hostile only if anyone trespasses their territory and he creepily collect their private photos and diary entries, reading and cataloging every single one of them for god knows what reason. By the end of his rage induced rampage that he ironically performs in a chillingly and psychotically restrained composure, Max opts to kill a disabled and mentally handicapped man, Chumbucket, whose messianic delusions were ultimately exploited by Max to make him build his war-rig. As Chumbucket continually upgrades his life’s greatest work, appropriately named the Magnum Opus and have creepily ecstatic moments of joy as “his saint” Max drives it, he grows an unhealthy affection for him, most likely as a result of Stockholm Syndrome. The social bond that keeps the narcissistic-codependent duo together is Chumbucket’s ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic joy of having Max drive his car and Max perpetually feeding on Chumbucket’s unhealthy obsession.Perhaps falling victim to his ever building, self-mutilating, caustic hatred, Max suffers from a psychological breakdown. He becomes the sole prisoner of his rotten psyche and gets trapped in his own subconscious; his personal limbo. At the very end of his saga, every significant person that were unfortunate enough to cross paths with Max inexplicably come back to life in this timeless mental Wasteland, perhaps as a manifestation of his guilt.And Max spends his days here until eternity, where he was supposed to leave as soon as possible, surrounded by the unforgiving ""Big Nothing"" - the borders of his own subconscious, driving in his combustible, fire spitting mount restlessly, Chumbucket whispering praise in the wind behind him, with his inner demons only seeping out during fleeting moments as the red in his eyes.10/10 I’ve never been into cars, now I'm dreaming of building one."
76561198024922437,Recommended,234140,25239770,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Santa,"Wow - 75 hours I ended up playing this game for!!!  I certainly did not expect that after reading all the reviews here.I'm somebody who really likes the Assasin's Creed style of repetative gameplay in an open world.  After a hard day at work it's fun to just kick back and knock out another 10 or 20 different tasks as you take over different parts of the map and increase your stats.  Just before this game I soloed The Division and both games scratch that same itch for me that these open world games have.Sure there was a couple clunker tasks that I did once and hated and never did them again, like using the dog to find mines, and all the car races. (And the one race you are forced to do as part of the storyline was almost a rage inducing instant quit moment.  Luckily I finally got it and kept playing until the end - a tip is to downgrade your suspension and armor)But I really loved the environment they had you explore and work in, very cool!  I also thought the totally bummer ending fit in perfectly with the spirit of the movies, well at least the original ones.Technically it looked and sounded fantastic.  Never had a crash or problem running under Windows 10.To help put my review in perspective, I tried to play Shadows of Mordor right before this and did not like it at all.  After 7 hours I gave up on that game because the tasks and fighting were just not interesting to me.  THIS game that seems to always get compared to SOM was so much better to me."
,Recommended,234140,27703369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,John,"""Arkham Knight, if Batman had a shotgun and the driving controls were actually good"""
,Recommended,234140,29090943,Posted: 7 January,all,Sapphire,"At first I was skeptical as it is the adaptation of a film and therefore a more or less difficult exercise.This game stinks sand, ash, oil and blood! A good Mad Max as we love them in a universe just as enjoyable! Clearly closer to the last film than the first one, we are laced with our car in a huge desert and we are almost free to do anyhting.I liked the ""survival spirit"" of the game, it is necessary to constantly find ammunition / water / gasoline. Fortunately we find a little everywhere so it's not really hard to survive.When it comes to action, it's simple: a touch to attack, one to parry and one to dodge. You can combine the combos and the fighting find themselves fluids and bounces both with well-placed bullet-times.The universe is vast, with few people who still have sanity, but after all the universe of Mad Max is not made for MLP fans you know.I regret the repetitiveness of the actions, that Max does not look like Tom Hardy and the fact that there are not much guns to play with.Great game overall, definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,234140,26093723,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,⛧мᴿвᴼzᴬcᴷ⛧,"Here's my 10 hours worth of gameplay review. I like the game enough to keep playing.+ I've upgraded my car quite a bit.+ I've stolen a few cars+ My beard has grown+ Lord Scrotus. LOL+ I've seen a wide variety of interesting locations and vehicles.+ Combat is fast and often very entertaining- Starter vehicle drives like it has one wheel.- Max walks like he's dropped something smelly in his underpants.- Max is a terrible climber. A small rock step is just too high.- Max takes lots of fall damage - even from small heights.- I've heard ""Look after the car"" and ""Stay here"" about 100,000 times.- Scrap, Scrap, Scrap. It's a grind.7/10 - I will continue to eat maggots and collect random photos."
,Recommended,234140,30803955,Posted: 28 March,all,BredCoke,"I adored this game the whole way through. Here is a list of my pros/cons etc.Pros:- Driving is fun- Plenty of customisation- Levelling system is interesting- There is SO DAMN MUCH to do, seriously I would estimate at least 120 hours of just stuff to do- Story is pretty cool- Characters (apart from Max and the main chick) are all awesomeNeutral:- Arkham style combat- Long day/night cycle- Graphics are OKCons:- Minefields, scavenging locations are boring and not worth the time- Everyone is so mean to Chumbucket :c- Story is short- Can be repetitive and grindey"
76561197985396953,Recommended,234140,30330363,Posted: 4 March,all,Trog,Shadow of Mordor meets Just Cause. A surprisingly fun sleeper hit.
,Recommended,234140,20705036,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jive Soul Bone,"Amongst a multitude of open world games with maps littered by icons for collectibles as a substitute for gaming content,Mad Maxdoes something with the genre: it turns all of these collectibles into exploration pieces. This doesn't exactlysolvethe problem; exploring over a hundred of tiny settlements becomes as tedious as hunting down a hundred of other collectibles, but it does turn what would be a collectathon into a series of adventures and the resulting product is that much richer for it.Mad Max is at its best whenever it turns into a dungeon crawler in post-apocalyptic Australia. ImagineMiddle-Earth: Shadows of Mordorwhere instead of gaining intel on orc warlords you gain intel to take down enemy bases. Scout enemy camps from afar before taking out their perimeter defenses in your V6 engine car, then battle it out inside while seeking treasure troves of metal scraps.The features are what sets Mad Max apart from other games. There are definite improvements to the traditional Batman-style melee while car combat has a range of over-the-top special attacks such as the harpoon slam, drive-by shootings, THUNDERPOONS and flaming jets of incineration. Meanwhile, the weakness in the main story actually made me wistful for theAssassin's Creedfranchise! Say what you will about their game balance; you knew absurd action hero♥♥♥♥♥♥was gonna go down the minute you accepted that Story Mission! Here it's the opposite: Story Missions are quite tame and most of the value comes from investigating non-essential camps and hunting down enemy convoys.One must enjoy the greater changes Mad Max brings to the genre if they are to appreciate their purchase. This could've just as easily been a negative review if I nitpicked every little thing that went wrong: Top Dog bosses follow identical patterns, the vehicles you collect from the enemy serve no purpose, ditto the archangel ""alternative car builds"", some cars are deliberately rendered hard to maneuver as artificial difficulty, the greatest threat to your lifebar is an impromptu event against which you are completely helpless (OH NO, A MIGHTY DUSTER!), same ol' chore list of tasks to do (""kill 20 enemies with wall finishers."" No, stop adding those), not to mention the glaring elephant in the room:you are STILL searching for collectibles!They're just properly hidden as part of your (side-) adventure rather than showcased on a map, so you end up longing for those traditional map icons whenever you're stuck searching for that one final object and be done with a particular encampment!Most games have you seek out upgrades in side quests, Mad Max makes upgrading your V6 engine into a V8 the main plot of the game. It's true! You get your car stolen in the opening, you vow vengeance, you find a substitute which you'll upgrade with better wheels, armor and such but goddamn if Max Rockastansky is gonna drive anything with less than 8 cylinders of pure power! This is literally ""Upgrades: the Game"". Assault the various strongholds of Scabrous Scrotous to unlock upgrades, collect piles of scrap to pay for upgrades, perform feats of daring-do (or kill 20 enemies with wall finishers) for character upgrades. This is...""pure extract of open world game"". Mind you; the upgrades are indeed wonderful, but there should be more to games than just upgrades. I don't want to play the world's most skillful scrap collector.There's just so much good in this game for it to warrant a Thumbs Down, despite my numerous gripes. However, I obviously cannot recommend this to anyone burnt out on open world games at the risk of seeing them puke map icons. Important: check your system requirements before purchasing as this game actually caused my computer to overheat when played at its highest graphical settings. If you're still on the fence, consider watching a few Let's Plays. I promise it won't spoil the story.REVIEW SLIGHTLY EDITED FOR LENGTH"
76561198052426486,Recommended,234140,17855660,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,iRaphahell,Very well optimized !
,Recommended,234140,22838996,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Navarre,"The apocalypse made Australia slightly more liveable, none of the wildlife tried to kill me. Traffic is still murder though.But seriously: highly recommended. I couldn't stop playing this game.It's a sandbox game with a whole lot of sand, a great atmosphere, visual design taken straight of Fury Road and made by fans of the whole series or at least people who really documented themselves, with lots of details and easter eggs about the three first movies. As a fan of the Mad Max universe myself, I had a blast.However, just as in a real sandbox, it's mostly up to you to make your own fun. The story is a bit weak, and while there are a ton of locations (over 250 I think), all of them unique, all you do is drive and fight, either in a vehicle or on foot with a Batman Arkham clone system which is very brutal and satisfying and offers quite a bit of different possibilities once you've unlocked skills. You can upgrade your vehicle to make it tougher and meaner, get a few weapons for your car and unlock fighting skills for Max, but the core experience stays the same. If that appeals to you and you like to explore every nook and cranny in a game to find stuff (it's always scrap, but you need it for everything), go right in. If you need to be poked every five minutes by narrative to stay interested, it isn't the game for you.There a over 16'000 reviews already, so there isn't much I could say that you can't find elsewhere. I'm just going to say ""watch the trailer"", for once it isn't just an empty cinematics showcase filled with buzzwords but it shows you most of the gameplay and really shows you the game and what to expect.Disclaimer: I am a fan of the Mad Max universe since The Road Warrior, back in the days where there was no videogames and where it was the only post-apocalyptic experience around, so I'm probably biased."
76561198149576266,Not Recommended,234140,32657738,Posted: 22 June,all,MIAKilledYou,"Great game, but very repetitive. Did not enjoy grinding for scrap the entire game to upgrade my magnum opus. (SPOILER) Having to beat almost the entire game to get the V8 engine disappointed me. And once you finally have the V8 you spend a crap ton of time grinding for, you guessed it, MORE scrap to upgrade it. Before you can even upgrade the engine, you have to completely reduce the threat in Pink Eye's region, which also takes a crapton of time. If you are okay with doing the same thing over for 20+ hours I recommend this game, but otherwise, don't purchase it unless there's a great sale."
,Recommended,234140,17835584,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Razoroz,"Found a can of fuel.Checked it, realized it's empty.Ignited and threw it.It exploded.10/10 Game of the Year"
,Recommended,234140,30353315,Posted: 6 March,all,Riddick,Junk collecting simulator <3
,Recommended,234140,34867951,Posted: 10 September,all,Kissamies,"A decent game, good for a movie tie-in even. The gameplay is adequate, if pretty consoley. I decided to use my Steam controller for this one. Batman Arkham style fighting model, a decent enough driving. It is good enough not to distract me of the strong point of this game which is the gameworld. It really feels like Mad Max. Story is OK and delivered pretty well. The lines of dialogue are well written and delivered. I like the Chumbucket character. I chuckled when the made the ""Don't call him Shirley!"" joke. I wish there was a bit less of shakycam in cutscenes. It's annoying enough in modern movies, must I have to endure it in games too?I feel there was a bit quantity over quality problem with the content, but this could be because I have a very completitionist attitude for my playthroughs, because I don't think I will ever revisit these games."
,Recommended,234140,17854774,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,liker,реальн норм)))
,Recommended,234140,17945821,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Zigs,"Massive Respect and Big Thumbs Up for the Developer.This game isABSOLUTELY AMAZING!TheCapture Modefeature is the Best!The game is well optimized. The graphic and gameplay are damn pretty.Hope the dev make a DLC from the movies, It would beAWESOME.Totally recommend this game.""What a game, what a lovely game!..""""My Personal GOTY 2015.. 10/10"""
,Recommended,234140,20689488,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,N Quarter,"Neutral RatingReally not sure about this Game... It HAD potential, but I think a lot of it was missed. For me, the Game had more Negative aspects to it. I'd only recommend this during a Sale, and only recommended for someone who wants a Game to mess around in.The Story itself is extremely short with just 15 Missions which take no time at all to complete. Not only is the Story short, but it just bored me and not once did I really even care for it. It just felt like an empty shell. The only thing that made this Game have some length was the fact you have to complete tasks to unlock Story Missions. Complete so and so amount of Wasteland Missions, complete so and so amount of Stronghold Projects.None of the Characters were interesting, and although the Voice acting was decent, the cut scenes were just short, and quick to the point with no context.Surely the Gameplay would make up for it though. Unfortunately the Gameplay is hindered with the horrible Auto Camera [slow Manual Camera], and slow response on the Controls which felt like it had a slight lag after pushing in a direction.The Game has the usual Assassins Creed style combat, punch punch, counter when you see the Marker, but unfortunately, the Game doesn't allow you to turn the Counter Markers off, which just makes the combat so easy and boring after awhile. Infact, NOTHING in the Game was a challenge... Apart from fighting the Camera and Controls.The Game has 9 Boss Fights in total, 3 with Scrotus [the Main boss] and 6 ""Mini"" Boss Fights. However 4 of these Bosses is someone wielding a large Mace, ALL with the same animations, and same method to defeat [wait for him to charge, roll, start punching]. The remaining 2 are duel wielding daggers, again, same animations, same method to defeat [roll, counter when you can]. It is just absolutely lazy development.Come across a door you need an explosion for? No worries, just look 5 meters away and there will be a well placed Fuel can for you... Speaking of Fuel cans, WHY does the Game even have Fuel for the Car? The first and ONLY time I Fueled my car was at the start in the Tutorial, after that you will never really need to. I only completed my Project for auto Refueling in Jeets Stronghold [the first one which I never went to afterwards], and none of the others.Being an Open World Game though, there would be tons of things to do right? Here is what you can do;- Death Runs [Racing]- Scavenger Locations [You will encounter a max of around 3 enemies, and 2 pieces of Loot].- Minefield [Use your Dog to locate a few Mines].- Camps [Destroy either Transfer Pumps, or Oil Tanks to complete].- Scarecrows [Destroy them to lower Threat in the Region. Takes a max of 10 seconds to do].- Stronghold Projects [Complete Projects for Strongholds to give free Ammo ect. You will come across these in Camps and Scavenger Locations].This is around 90% of the Game. For an Open World, it just isn't much variety. The only thing that was half decent to do were the Camps, but this was countered with the simplistic Combat, and horrible Camera.A couple things I enjoyed were Harpooning people from my Car. As fun as this was, after your Harpoon hits, your Camera will follow your Target, even after you correct it. This will usually end with you Driving into a Wall beacuse you can't see where your going.The last 2 Missions were just great. It's the only time through the entire Game, that I felt something for the Story. The dialog, and the Gameplay were fantastic, and it really is a shame that the rest of Game was not at that level.Genre- ActionGame Elements- Open World- Day Night cycle- Weather elements- Combat- Car Modification- Racing- Stronghold UpgradesAverage Playthrough- 15 HoursLiked- Great Engine Sounds- The last 2 Missions- Great Visuals for ScreenshotsDisliked- Offered no challenge- Uninteresting Characters- Short and bland Story- Lack of variety of Side Objectives- Each Stronghold were exactly the same- Re-used Boss Battles- Slow Controls- Horrible Auto Camera [Slow manual Camera]- No option to turn Counter Markers off"
76561198007064799,Recommended,234140,34197676,Posted: 12 August,all,SpaceCowboy,"dont take my word for it, if you like driving, shooting, and looting this is the game for you, hands down I would replay again."
,Recommended,234140,31983527,Posted: 26 May,all,Heatwave,"This will be short and sweet. Never seen the movie but felt moved to buy this game. Haven't finished it yet but wanted to write a review already.Review of gameplay elements and mechanics ahead but no story spoilers.Pros:Distinctive, likeable characters.Great voiceacting in and out of cutscenes.Good graphics, you should be able to run it on high easily.Beautiful map and innovative concept for world design.Big open world with at least three distinctive zones each with a different feel.Satisfying Arkham/Assassins creed counter and strike ground combat system.Limited Character customisation (beards, hair length, clothes, oil/facepaint).Nice looking explosions and ballistics in car chases and battles.Lots of loot (scrap) and lore relics to find and collect.Your car's appearance changes as you upgrade it.Multiple base car bodies to choose from at the start of the game (you can find the rest in the game-world and switch whenever).You can customise your car with different paints and decals.Cons:While ground combat is enjoyable, it is relatively easy.I wish they had focused more on the survival aspect considering food and drink in this game, or at least included a survival/hardcore difficulty option to incentivise you to drink and eat for hydration and hunger and not just to heal health lost through combat.Enemy camps always have the same objectives (kill enemies, blow up fuel tanks) and can get repetitive.Car combat mechanics (wheel rims, grinding, harpoon levelling) are not explained fully at begining so you have to try it out for yourself.The need to prioritise fuel and keep a supply is eliminated once you reach a high enough legend rank that decreases how much fuel your car uses. This, in addition to building a fuel tank at bases, means you essentially have an unlimited supply of gasoline in a post apocalypic wasteland.While the maggot-farm concept in strongholds is interesting, the ability to semi-cannabalistically eat maggots from rotting human corpses seems like controversy bait, especially since the maggots dont even seem rendered properly.The intel about enemy bases you can get from random encounters is usually either irrelevent or redundant, i'd much prefer expansion of the lore instead of some random wastelander telling me bad guys don't like to be set on fire.The story is interesting and definitely enjoyable, but it isn't gripping me so far.It's extremely difficult to die, in fact the only times I have is from fall damage.If your car is fatally damaged it prompts you to exit the vehicle before it explodes, then all you have to do is survive for about 30 seconds on foot until your car is repaired again.Bugs:Commonly when switching from the game to the pause screen or map and then back again, game volume will be halved for no apparent reason. Fix it by opening your map and then closing again. Simple to fix but irritating.Combat on stairs is hilariously bad but an extremely minor complaint.Minefields in game might not always show up as they should in the map on revealed map zones - but exploring randomly or googling their location and driving there physically should resolve the problem and allow you to continue.Overall while the cons list may look a little daunting it is a very fun game and if you enjoy any post-apocalyptic games (especially RAGE) this would be a welcome addition.Hope this helps, and as I said I have not finished this game yet so if I find anything else note-worthy i'll update this review.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,234140,17869469,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Devon J. 5T-91,"Introduction:Being the first game of the series this is an amazing game. Love the fact that it was paid for by Warner Bros. who also made Tomb Raider which gave it the perfect feeling. A lot of the mechanics are similar to Tomb Raider games. This game didn't disappoint once.Pros:LOTS OF DRIVING (pro IMO, could be a con for you)Good graphicsLong storyGood plotGood selection of carsTon of upgrades for cars and MaxSo many side missions and collectiblesHuge mapExtremely optimizedMostly bug freeGreat special effects (smoke, fire, sounds)Cons:Only single playerReally hard bosses with no difficulty settingA few times certain sound effects were muteSometimes the game isn't clear with your objectiveYou can drive any car you find but can't use it as a primary vehicleConclusion:I had a lot of fun playing game especially after reading the book and watching the movie. WBs did a very good job with this game. When I saw the movie this was exactly the game I imagined. There's nothing I thought was missing except the multiplayer aspect. Especially after the story is done there isn't much. It would be cool if they made a The Crew type online mode where you see others. But other than that its a masterpiece.For more reviews check outOriginal Curators Group"
76561198056923683,Recommended,234140,17857190,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Beaverbubbl3z,A story about Max losing another car. 10/10
76561198106169305,Recommended,234140,32868970,Posted: 27 June,all,[PHS$] GHOST,"great game , lots of stuff to do , well worth buying"
,Recommended,234140,23985770,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,N-Nani?!,"Great game with gorgeous graphics and fleshed out open world. However it gets boring after a couple of hours and I can see why people wouldn't even bother with the side missions and exploring the wasteland and just rush the story. Still a great game though, 7.5/10.Recommended, but not at full price"
76561197999287175,Recommended,234140,17828974,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Can't Barrage the Farrage,"Only played the game for a short amount of time but i am already loving it (not that i am biased or anything)PROS:It has been extremely well optimised, its visually stunning and still keeps a constant 60fps.The car combat is fun and i thrilling, there is nothing more satisfying than ripping enemy driver out of their car with the harpoon gun.The hand to hand combat is reminiscent of Shadow of Mordor and the Batman games, i know not everyone likes that style of combat but i think it fits very well into this style of game.I love richness of the upgrade system for the car, aswell as the items and clothing that you can unlock for Max himself.Cons:To be completely honest i haven't found anything that i dislike in the game as of yet. In certain open world games i get tired of the hugeness of the maps but by having the car to travel around in its not like it takes you that long to get you from A to B and engage in some vehicle combat inbetween.Overall i am thoroughly enjoying it so far. In my opinion i feel its a shame that it was released on the same day as MGSV as i feel that a lot of people will play that first and probably try and pick this up later on in the year."
,Recommended,234140,31013361,Posted: 8 April,all,Revisor,"An atmospheric post-apocalyptic Distraction - The GameYou're driving through the destroyed landscape and notice a pillar of smoke behind the hill. Let's check it out! Before you reach it, you are attacked by a car patrol protruding with spikes and flamethrower nozzles. After defeating them, you notice on the minimap that there is a treasure cache nearby. Let's check it out, I need some more scrap! Before the last bend, you see a big ramp beckoning you to try out the newly upgraded boost and jump wherever it leads. After jumping you are notified that you reached a new wasteland level and that you should go and upgrade your skills at the shaman/psychotherapist.Where was I and what did I want to do?This is Mad Max in summary. Just as other games in the genre, you keep getting distracted by myriads of activites everywhere. This is held together by two things: Threat level, a number representing how much activities in the region you already did, and the story.ProsGreat writing in some places, especially in the main quest lineChumbucket, your sidekick, is one of the best written characters in action games I played. Griffa has also very interesting dialogues, but ultimately they lead nowhere in terms of character developmentThere are a lot of fun small environmental puzzles. How do I get there? How do I lower the bridge? Where is the last insignia hidden? Those environmental micropuzzles are what holds the gameplay together.So soMelee combat is the standard fare brought by Arkham Asylum - one button for attack, hold for strong attack to break defenses, other button for defense, if you time it right, you have a perfect parry. Skills open up more possibilitiesVehicular combat is mostly fun, but the physics get a little bit strange the more upgraded your car is. With the strongest V8 engine, thickest armor and most offensive spikes/flamethrowers/ramming equipment installed, the car starts behaving wonkier than at the beginning. Suddenly most jumps damage you which didn't damage you before, stones are suddenly bigger obstacles than with lighter cars... It's kind of hard to describe, but a fully upgraded car wasn't more enjoyable to drive and fight with than a weaker one. Which wasn't what I expected.It's a distractathon game, so there is no one activity holding the game together. There is not one core gameplay loop but three or four. That comes with the genreUneven writing. Max has three different personalities - one in the story missions (distand and detached), one when commenting history relics (where he is much more pensive and melancholic) and another one during the endingConsA propos the ending: It made me really angry. And I don't think it was the writers' intention. At the very end, Max suddenly changes his personality and does something that is completely out of character when hekills Chumbucket. That's not what my Max would do.I helped all wastelanders, didn't harm anyone, gave water to all pilgrims.But most importantly that's not what the writers' Max would do! There is a huge discrepancy between how Max was written throughout the whole game and what he does at the end! There is no warning, no transition between those behaviors.Second, the scene doesn't make sense.Why wouldn't Chumbucket jump off the car?Third, the impact of the scene is immediately rendered useless, because yourespawn back in the landscape with both Chumbucket and your car unharmed.Just like in each distractathon, there are a lot of chores here. I would normally avoid them, but many of them are required in order to unlock certain upgrades. I would never clear minefields on my own, for example.The controls are unresponsive. There are a lot of animations that must play out until the end before the game starts receiving input again. Those animations are short, but there are a lot of them: Disarming an opponent, wall bash, picking up a weapon. The game shows input hints, but doesn't receive input until these animations play out.Many (almost all) actions require you to hold a button instead of pressing it. This makes the whole gameplay a lot less responsive and slower. Looting, kicking down doors, picking up weapons, entering the car (exiting is just one button press, though)...There are also a lot of unskippable small cutscenes. Eating food, disarming minesOf the similar games in the genre, Shadow of Mordor, Arkham City, Assassin's Creed and Mad Max I enjoyed Mad Max the most. It is definitely not without flaws, but as far as 3rd-person distractathons go, its gameplay holds well together. It is mostly well written, the two combat modes are fun and the distractions hold well together for the most part."
,Recommended,234140,29720367,Posted: 5 February,all,supernaut,"I don't know how to play these games anymore. As they grow larger or more populated with loot, locations and activities, I get entirely lost in the monotony and unfortunately I tend to neglect the story, which I value as much as gameplay. After 30-40 hours or so I had to pry myself away from it, the grind of driving from one location to the next was having a very unpleasant effect on my self-worth, so if you're prone to mood swings I don't recommend playing it every day. The grind of looting is best illustrated by the random friendlies you encounter, because so little thought has been put into those encounters that they're often a tonal mess of mismatched writing and animations, making them utterly pointless, scrap or no scrap.I was shocked by the performance I managed to get out Mad Max using my aging laptop, without even meeting the minimum GPU requirement, so the first thing you'll notice is an incredibly well optimized game that keeps the spirit of its art design even when everything is turned off or set to Normal. I didn't have to lower the resolution to get a relatively solid 30fps, sometimes close to 40-50fps. It's even more miraculous when you drive to the very edge of the map and fall off, to fully appreciate the size and beauty of this game world. I haven't done it myself, but I watched a video. At least the people who still think the world is flat can find solace in video games.After taking a break from it I returned with missions in mind, so I completed one after another and got back into enjoying the story and being focused enough to complete it. This game isn't defined by it's story, but it does a good job keeping you relatively invested, along with upgrades that are tied to story missions. They're important if you want to get the most out of your abilities and your vehicle. Apart from Chumbucket though, the characters are forgettable and I don't appreciate it when a part of the story is spoiled with a loading screen.Despite the harsh rules of the world that George Miller created with his films, I didn't feel like Max handing over entire territories to Jeet, Gutgash, Pink Eye and Deep Friah was justified enough to run all these errands for them. Fully upgrading a stronghold provides you with all the necessities, but what's the point of upgrading all of them if you can just fast travel to the first one to restock? Is the player required to upgrade all strongholds in order to access Gastown? I just find it presumptuous when I have a map in front of me from the very start with these territories already divided among the four of them. It's not like you're going to stop seeing bad guys once the threat level in a territory is brought down to zero. The stakes aren't high enough for everyone involved and it's a relatively easy game with simple combat.The combat is fun and you'll get used to it very fast, especially when you've played other games with similar combat. The fun is extended to car combat as well and this is where I have to emphasize the importance of doing missions frequently, otherwise it will become a drag if you don't upgrade your car and weapons. That being said, scrap is everywhere and most of the upgrades can be acquired with scrap, so looting plays a big part in Mad Max, whether you like it or not. The most fun you can have looting is by taking on a camp, which are thankfully very different in design, number of enemies, etc.A part of me felt like I had to postpone a final mission most of the time, looking at the mission indicators that would appear on Deep Friar and right after on Gastown, mostly due to how they hyped up The Jaw and the territories being divided so distinctly. When seeing the indicators I was afraid that this was it, a fight with an army of vehicles and a big boss, which is why I cowered to looting and upgrading as often as I could. The game didn't even have to convince me of it, at first sight I thought The Jaw was the entrance to Gastown, but it was only the gate between the two halves of the map. Don't make the same mistake, you're perfectly safe to enter Gastown the first chance you get, as long as you can survive the trip over there.It's satisfying to explore a game world for the first time and recent years have given us great open world games. Mad Max is no different, but it's more closer to the Far Cry series, cos it has a lot to do with taking down camps or fortresses, if you like. It can be a barrel of fun in shorter bursts, but for me it's bogged down by several minor annoyances and missed opportunities. Despite it being a beautiful wasteland, with all it's limitations, they could've done a better job in making it more believable, starting with the friendly encounters. Nevertheless I recommend it, especially when you're an avid explorer and want to get more out of your aging PC or laptop."
76561198277391968,Recommended,234140,33892359,Posted: 29 July,all,Danny,♥♥♥♥ing Epic game man deenetly get it the story is cool the combat is nice but the onley ting I dont like is the endin :/
76561197971228596,Recommended,234140,28569151,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,seventhsin,"ok...i just got gta 5,battlefield 1,the new tomb raider and about 10 other new games paid all 29.99 or 59.99 for,i just paid 6 bucks for this game and this game is 100 times better then any game i have played in 2016 besides witcher 3,this game is a must play,its nothing but fun and lots and lots to do,im not even into car games like crashing other cars,but this game sure makes it a blast,again its a must buy trust me i have like alot of games."
76561198119696245,Recommended,234140,17830878,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AmMaR,"- This is an Arabic Review, Please Add Arabic To The Review Languages -اول حاجة الناس الي بتسال على بورت اللعبة , اللعبة شغالة زي الفل على 60 فريم وعلى اعلي حاجةده رايي عن اللعبة فى اول كام ساعة لعبتها-مميزات اللعبة1-  جرافيك اللعبة حلو قوي والانفجارات رهيبة وشكلها جميل  ونظام التبديل بين اليل والنهار رائع2-  سواقة العربيات كويسة ولو حتسوق العربية من غير ما تعمل حاجة حتحس بالمتعة3- نظام تطوير العربية وماكس كويس4-نظام قتال زي باتمان وشادو اوف موردور5-  مهمات جانبية كويسة و في حاجات كتير تتعمل-عيوب اللعبة1- القصة متواضعة جدا2- اللعبة مقدرتش توصل لنفس مستوي الفيلم من الاكشن3- مهمات جانبية كتيرة مكررةحكتب العلامة النهائية اما اخلص اللعبة"
,Recommended,234140,18132081,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,AMZ,-Excellent Optimization-Best desert in gaming history-Short storyline.-esay combt
,Recommended,234140,17887616,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,allahuaktrigg22,The game had a dog10/10
76561198202710768,Recommended,234140,28985636,Posted: 3 January,all,ＡＶＲＯ,Great game! very well made
,Recommended,234140,29781704,Posted: 8 February,all,mecoolGAMER,"Mad Max is a very good port (a port nontheless, so controls feel a little bit clumsy sometimes). It contains rather a lot of grinding if you're an achievement hunter, but it's not required when playing through the main story. The plot isn't original but it is very clear it was built on the climate of the original movies, which helps the game a lot. It's depressing, it's heavy and it makes you mad. So very mad. Especially the ending.Totally worth those few euros/pounds, especially if discounted."
,Recommended,234140,24658874,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,gronkmaker,"THIS GAME IS AWAITED IN VALHALLA!!!WITNESS ME, BLOODBAG!!!"
,Recommended,234140,30754815,Posted: 26 March,all,Saltyie,"All the mechanics work great, but this is a prime example of a game that is too big, something the developer Avalanche Studios, creators of the Just Cause franchise, seem to do a lot in their games. While Just Cause has many different methods of travel, Mad Max has only one, drive. The driving is good, it has weight behind it and the car combat hasn't been done anywhere else, but the enviroments are typical Mad Max large open deserts. Thats not to say they're bad enviroments, a lot of effort went into the world design, the entire map is vertical despite being one big desert. You start in the ocean bed and make your way up sand dunes until eventually you're driving past church steeples submerged in the sand. But at the end of the day, they're still open deserts, with the only things populating them being ubisoft icons; 100s of scavenging locations (to upgrade max and his car), dozens of camps and a massive amount of destructable collectables. The game could've benefitted from a smaller game world.The gameplay loop of exploring/fighting, getting scrap and improving max and his car (which has nice aesthetic and stat increases) is really great at short bursts. I haven't even left the 2 large ocean areas yet, since I just pop on for an hour and play until it peaks my interest. Story is alright, obviously not the focus, but I would've liked to see a bit more effort after Fury Road's decent attempt. Again, it's one of those 'Ubisoft' styled games where there're only 10-20 actual story levels in the game intermingled with outposts and repetitive side content. On foot combat is great, although it is essentially Batman Arkham's combat. Get the game if you're going to play it in bursts, otherwise it'll drive you mad.I'd probably give it a 6/10. Above average and worth a glance but the fact that I can't get myself to properly sit down with it and play for an extended amount of time on account of it being too repetitive means it's not an all-around 'good' game. If you want something similar but executed better, try Shadow of Mordor, the Batman Arkham games and Just Cause. As I said earlier however, the car combat while underutilised is definitely unique."
76561197965067948,Recommended,234140,19382597,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Stabby McStabStab,"Combine the following for Mad Max:1 part Grand Theft Auto1 part Fallout2 parts Just Cause1 part Batman: Arkham Asylum1 part Borderlands1 part Elder ScrollsI've got over 20 hours into this game already, have completed around 30% of it,I've completed the game, and have decided to write recommending review because it has been an absolute blast to play.The game starts off a little slow, but the variety of environments, the enjoyable and satisfying combat (vehicular and on foot), and the Fury Road situations and lore make me loathe having to turn the game off for the night.  The game runs like a dream (and my computer is below the recommended specs), the explosions and visuals look incredible, and the sound effects are amazing.  Jumping in the Magnum Opus, firing up the engine, and slamming on the gas is enough to give you an adrenaline rush worthy of a War Boy.They really put a lot of thought into this title.WITNESS ME!  9/10"
,Recommended,234140,24994736,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pizza,It's a fun game if you don't mind repetitiveness.  The gameplay is still really addicitive so it doesn't really get stale throughout.  It's also pretty well optimized and looks great.  If you're looking for something like gta then this really isn't the best experience or if you want something story driven this is very weak.  But overall it's a really fun game and I'd recommend it if you like open world in general.
,Recommended,234140,17985258,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Summary:Mad Max is a collection of a variety of strengths and weaknesses that range all over the spectrum, and it really comes down to what kind of gamer you are. The game's strengths comes in short play sessions of an hour as the car combat is great with the use of the Harpoon, and the strong characterization of Chumbucket as he comments about what's going around you will keep you interested. It's got a great variety of level design, and the PC performance is exactly what you'd want for a PC game in 2015: It runs smooth and can get the best out of the top-end systems. But on the flip side, ground combat doesn't play to its own strengths as the camera becomes a major problem in the counter based fighting, and frankly, the game has a lot of repetitive elements to it and can really feel like the gameplay has been extended to the point of breaking. You get your moneys worth, but in the end, Mad Max is the perfect game to get on a discount: there's nothing that forces your hand to get the game right now.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:https://youtu.be/wEkJnV8_XMoLists:+:The car combat is reasonable, with the harpoon being fun to use on almost everything. In fact, just the Harpoon alone at times makes for some chaotic fun.Chumbucket, the mechanic, shines as the most interesting character by far, with his religious devotion to automobiles and his excitement about all things combustion.Base Level Design keeps things fresh over the long haul. Reuse of elements are done in a way that it never is noticed.The world is beautiful in particular with the sand locations.Character design takes advantage of the license in terms of visuals and voice acting.Power comes in the name of upgrades, and opens up combat and options to a considerable degree.The amount of hours you can get out of the game is high and has a bang for buck.-:Missed story elements that really could have taken the game to another level, overall the narrative is poor and doesn't do well with the license.Ground combat doesn't have enough variety to it, and doesn't understand the strengths of the system in place. The camera is a major problem.Focus on “realism” can hurt the game at times, with it hurting gameplay pacing in terms of naturally taking advantage of the open world.Repetitive nature of tasks really becomes more of a chore. While there's a lot to do, there's a lot of the same thing to do.Ending actually fell a little bit flat for me, despite others liking it. Very minor."
,Recommended,234140,17857009,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,JimboHostetler,RIDING TO VALHALLA!!
,Recommended,234140,17861183,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,JohnGotti,"This Game is a real Juwel. Honestly the voice acting, gameplay, storyline if you want action just go for it. You wont be disappointed i guarantee you that. Gj Warner Studios Seriously."
,Recommended,234140,31073020,Posted: 10 April,all,_67alecto_OZ_,"Short version: Excellent sandbox game that is faithful to the atmosphere of Mad Max Fury Road.  Interstate '76 + GTAV.Playtime: ~60 hours to finish the storyline (but I had done every side mission, every scavenge location, collected all the historical relics, lowered the threat to zero in every area, and had almost every achievement and probably 95% of the legend challenges done.  I was a level ~120 Road Warrior).  I'll likely play a bit more to unlock the last few achievements.I normally avoid movie tie-ins like the plague, but I took a chance based on great reviews and a love for this style of game.  It reminded me a lot of Interstate '76 - desert car wars, upgrading your car with better weapons and armor, scavenging for parts among the defeated enemies, and so on.The basic premise is similar to all of the Mad Max movies.  Max loses his family or car and is forced to help out a bunch of people before he can continue on his journey alone.  After losing your Interceptor in the opening scene, you spend the game scrounging for scrap to build a new car with the help of a mechanic that rides along with you. This allows him to repair and upgrade on the fly, so dying is pretty easy to avoid.  If your car becomes too damaged, you have to exit the vehicle while the mechanic puts out the fires.  Since you usually have enemies in vehicles around you, it's a matter of dodging them, shooting out tires/gas tanks if you have some (scarce) ammo, or getting them to get out of their vehicles to fight hand to hand.The combat system is a page right out of the recent Batman games - punches and kicks paired with parry/counters.  You chain hits together to fill your Fury meter which allows you to hit harder.  As you progress, you can unlock new finishing moves that can be ground attacks, using your shotgun or a shiv to instant-kill, or using the environment to finish them off.In addition to being able to unlock new clothes (armor and melee power), shotgun upgrades, and your ammo belt capacity, you can also unlock upgrades to customize your appearance.  Similar upgrades and can be purchased and earned for your car - better armor, better tires, etc.Starting out, you'll find that food and water is pretty scarce, and they're the only way to replenish health.  For that reason, the early part of the game is a bit tough when find yourself outnumbered.  However, this is an open-world wasteland, so you can leave the storyline idle while you seek out various tasks to do that will allow you to complete objectives and tasks that will earn you both scrap metal (the in-game currency for all upgrades) as well as tokens that you use with a wandering mystic.  This mystic will allow you to upgrade your health bar, your ability to scavenge, your skill with melee and weapons, and more.  As you visit strongholds and complete improvement tasks for the leaders there, the game becomes exponentially easier.  You'll be able to set up food and water sources, create crews that pick up the scrap left behind when you destroy an enemy vehicle (so you don't have to stop), a crew that scouts all the scavenging locations in the area, a crew that gathers scrap while you're offline, and an armory that fills your ammo belt.  All of this plus the scrap you earn from dismantling enemy camps and populating them with allies makes your life a lot easier..  You can add cars to your collection by stealing them from enemies or by winning races in the numerous ""Death Run"" races scattered throughout the map and then driving them to a stronghold.This leads to the one drawback- because the game has so many things you can do, it is very easy to out-level the story.  For example, I was about 3/4ths of the way through the storyline and had to do a race.  The race leader turns me away saying I can't race in the heap I'm driving.  I'm given an objective to come back after I upgrade to make the car faster.  The problem was that I had already unlocked and purchased every upgrade available, so I ended up having to downgrade my car in order to compete. Later when I finally got the V8 Engine in the storyline, I had enough scrap to immediately buy every upgrade for it. Huge fights near the end of the game were much easier with every melee, armor, and ground combat ability unlocked.  They should have scaled the enemies with the player level.Customizing your car is something you'll do a lot - you can upgrade bumpers, armor, spikes (to keep people from jumping on your car), spiked wheels for grinding against other cars, suspension and lift kits, and so on.  Some have trade-offs (better armor makes you slower and have worse handling) and some tires are good on sand, others on asphalt, but the rest just get better with each upgrade.  The main reason they have all the variation is that you can select a ready-made builds called an Arch Angels.  Each requires certain types of each component, so as you progress through the game you'll be able to make more varieties of them.  There are in-game legend achievements to complete that are specific to some of the builds.Lastly, once the game ends you are back in the wasteland and basically have free play to do things you missed.  As I said, I had already cleared the camps, the scavenge locations, etc so I've got just a few achievements to get for racing in the Death Runs."
,Recommended,234140,35348335,Posted: 30 September,all,Don John,My only complaint is that I couldn't find a way to disable the Rockstar Energy Drink DLC.  It removes a fast travel point in exchange for a vehicle you'll never drive which is also really painful product placement.
,Recommended,234140,25775589,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Fox,"After taking my time and completing the entire story of the game along with so many of the side missions, I can safely say that this is not a bad game and it is worth the purchase. However, I don't recommend it at full price.- The AI is very basic and very predictable, all of them are the same (including boss fights). So as soon as you learn the technique, you'll rarely ever get hurt from them throughout the entire game.- In terms of gameplay, you see everything there is to see within a few hours of playtime, aside from main story stuff.- Story isn't long at all if you remove all the filler missions they force you to take.- While the layouts of each camp are more or less different, the mission objectives of each camp are always the same.- You're apparently the only good guy driving around in the wasteland, everyone else is either bad or a straggler with info / side quest or beggar.- Your car is apparently a ticking time bomb whenever it's broken and if you don't get out within 5 seconds, it explodes, but if you do get out, your helper just fixes it back up and you can continue on your way... that is if the enemy that put you in that state don't just constantly run you over and not allow you any chance of dodging them since Max is ridiculously slow at getting back up and moving again once injured.- The NPCs in the game are so very afraid of the Sand Dunes area and always hype up the area to be extremely dangerous, yet it's much safer to hang out there than anywhere else in the entire game. Even the missions in that area are really easy.- Giving beggars some water seems to have zero effect to the game at all... even running them over with the car has no effect either. What's the point of having them in the game?- Apparently you're the only person that can save the world... or do anything at all in the game. Way worse than other games.- There is at least 1 known game breaking bug. There's a door that cannot be opened in one of the camps. You either have to do an extremely difficult stunt with your car in order to have a chance at shooting the oil pumps or you have to resort to cheating. For the record, I did the stunt.- Extreme weather events look awesome! But at the same time, they're stupid and they ruin the immersion of the game. By that I mean, the very second you go indoors, the weather effects go away, but if you stay outside and try to wait it out, it'll stay there forever (unless you drive through it). So if you trying to complete a mission and there's no way to go indoors, then you're probably going to die from it. I've also seen glitches where the weather effects continue happening deep underground.- Overall, I didn't feel like the game was challenging enough. The only time the game was challenging was usually due to the limitation of the game's mechanics or they just buried you in enemies hoping that will add some challenge.- I hated the ending too. It felt so rushed to the point where it just irritated the hell out of me.I don't even care that certain individuals died in the game even though I liked them... it's just how they died and how they rushed it all to happen so quickly.The story was only starting to get good and interesting and then wham! Stuff happens and the end, all within 20 minutes (that mostly includes actual gameplay, story is maybe 3 minutes?). But then, after the credits,you go back to your destroyed car and see ppl that should be dead but aren't... all as though nothing had happened.Talk about breaking immersion.There's probably many more issues I didn't like about the game, but you get the point. And yet I still recommend the game... on a good sale price, which is what I paid for it. The graphics are nice and run smoothly. The overall game isn't frustrating enough to get me to stop playing it. It's almost like playing something like Euro Truck Simulator... there's really no point to playing it, but you do anyways cuz it kills a lot of time and you don't mind spending that time on it. I doubt I'll ever play the game from start to finish all over again though."
,Recommended,234140,20225932,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GasMask,One of the few games based on movies that doesn't suck.The graphics are very cool. The story is nice. At this moment i have nothing to complain about this game.
,Recommended,234140,17840159,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Balaam's ass,"1+ hours in and I can say the following based on progression through zone 1 - that's the disclaimer for peeps who want to know what $60 will buy at release.*Watch the cinematics; they're decently rendered and entertaining, at least the first time through.  Unless you're a twitch-monkey who just wants targets, you also may be interested in the plotline, and (so far) explain the point of each phase of the missions you perform.**The E key is your primary form of interaction; controls are not difficult, and can be remapped easily.1.) Linear progression as opposed to open world/WoW, where you can literally go anywhere you want, if you can live/get there.  This is in regard to advancing the plot.2.) You can explore the zone you're in to your heart's content, provided you have the fuel or want to run (and run and run...)3.) Combat is formulaic, rather than spontaneous, and at early stages you get key-hints to tell you ""block"" or use other skills.  Blocking nub enemies is only practice; you can just beat the snot out of them without defending.4.) Weapon use is not yet part of the game, despite possession of a shiv and a shotgun, except for shooting nub vehicles to 1-shot blow them up.  This is on the quest to get your new car.I'm having fun so far, but tbh, not $60 worth of fun.  I considered refunding the game on the basis of cost alone, but after 4-5 hours of download time, and the realization that I will want to play the game more, I'm gonna stick it out.At this very early view of the game, I give a 7/10 review, and expect that evaluation to go UP as I play more.  Review will be updated later on.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~21 hours in; I've owned this game for ~4 days.Madness.  Great game so far.  So good, in fact, that I've temporarily abandoned the storyline because mugging convoys for scrap is more fun than driving past them (i.e., letting them get away).  There's so many locations in the world, they seem almost endless in this stage of the game, and all of them are either NPC strongholds, lootables, destroyables, or some combination of the three.The game remains linear in terms of plotline, but in order to advance it (and enter new terrirtory) you'll want to have some side missions done/locations explored.  Scrap is how you buy up your gear, both personal and vehicular - thus, you need to loot, and kill stuff to loot.This brings me to the single down point I find in the game so far, unless I'm just not yet to the point where it changes: you can collect cars you defeat (unless they are destroyed) and bring them back to a stronghold for later use... but if you want to salvage parts from them, you have to destroy them on the road.  Funny how a whole car isn't worth much but the collector value, and a destroyed car is worth ~1/10 (if that) of the value of buying an improvement to your own car.The obvioius up side to this hitch is that you have (""GET"") to destroy more stuff on the road.One thing that stopped me up at first was the enemy insignia in the camps; you destroy the Scabrous Scrotus insignia at these locations to 100% clear them.  Some are hard to find, and of those, some are too high to reach.  Thus, you need a shotgun shell (rare items, at first) or some other tool to destroy them when they're out of reach.  Have a shell on-hand unless you want to come back, but always look for the alternative - a thrown gas can, or an exploding spear, conveniently placed at various places throughout the enemy camps.Current evaluation of the game is now 8.5/10.  Good ambiance, great cutscenes (except the one for putting a gas can into your car... that one is getting annoying), good character actors and rederning, easy controls, well planned plot progression, and fun combat and adventuring, both on foot and in vehicle.XD ~~Great job, Avalanche!~~ XD"
,Recommended,234140,28655667,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,~`idiedthisway,One of the best open world games i have played recently.
,Recommended,234140,17862019,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Dovah's Talon,"Its a fresh twist on the post-apocalyptic genre. The driving feels great, its packed with content and Lots of fun!."
76561198093414412,Not Recommended,234140,30505619,Posted: 14 March,all,suvereNNNN,"The game was amazing in the first couple of hours, but then it got repetitive fast. Although you may see positive feedback that says ""it doesn't matter"" you should still think twice before buying Mad Max. I didn't finnish the game because of repetitiveness and cons below. Simply put I got bored clearing all the areas.Pros:+ Combat is really neat and has variety+ Game sounds, especially when you get the V12 (although there can be minor glitches in sound world)+ Car customization+ Excitement at the beginning (speed pursuits, fights generally)Cons:- Repetitive especially when clearing all the zones (and there are lots to clear)- Even though your car is customized to the max the lower enemy cars can keep up with you which is annoying- Minefield clearing is absolutely boring and you can't fight the enemy cars the way like with your main car (because you need to clear them with special car)- Unlockable cars don't have anything special on themIt may seem like cons are minor things in Mad Max, but they are constant when playing the game and were major to me. The gameplay is designed the way that you should first do the main quests and then clear everything. If you do latter first, you can get the best car parts but some quests still require worse car parts which were also annoying. If you dont mind repetitiveness and can cope with the cons I suggest you get the game when it is in discount."
76561198006645999,Recommended,234140,19964756,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ensoph,"Just wow!The desert, the neverending wasteland, great optimization, good graphics, this game is probably at my top of this year."
76561198047367972,Recommended,234140,17839595,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sgt. Pepper,"A delightful blend of mayhem and badassery with an anarchic sense of humor. If you like Mad Max, you'll definitely enjoy this game. 9/10"
76561198007735498,Recommended,234140,28556857,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mad Max,"Felt in love with this game, completed 100% achieves. Would erase my memory and play all over again.If you like realistic post-apocalyptic worlds and lore of the preceding events, i strongly recommend getting this masterpiece."
76561198091210341,Recommended,234140,29008168,Posted: 4 January,all,pinkpinnn,"PRESS CLTRL KEY TO JUMP!!!CONS:-Can get repetetive with similar maps and side missions (like Shadow of Mordor). Can still be fun, but is grindy.-Not sure if developers intended the terrain to NOT rely on jump, as I managed the first 12 hours without jumping just fine, until it got frustrating in some parts, and then I found out the jump key existed in the form of a CLTRL key.-Several ""gaps"" during missions, leading to people (myself) included to think that there was a bug (e.g. Completing the Jack, and Selecting the Dog and Buggy Mission ). A mission journal with detail on next steps would be good.PROS:-Map is large and littered with things to do (although it could get repetetive) .-""Historical Relics"" actually made me curious about the back-story and history of the world.-Love has definitely gone in to bringing the world and it's characters of Mad Max to life. Character and location library available (albeit looking a little stale).-Levelling system available for skills, armour, cars etc. so kept me sufficiently motivated to keep playing.-Special in-game camera settings for those who like to take beautiful snaps.Still a better game than Mafia 2."
,Recommended,234140,21674189,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bl0rch,"I will admittedly say that because this game was inspired by a movie, I was half expecting it to be a flop... I was pleasantly proven wrong.This game provides a nice open-world experience with plenty to do and a fun combat system that makes running around doing things that seem tedious actually quite fun.The story is relatively minimal, and the way the game lays out your ""objectives"" leaves a lot of interpretation up to the player as to how you go about completing your missions. Many missions will have criteria that must be met for you to start (such as previous objectives, certain upgrades, etc.) that will force you to go out and complete tasks in order to earn those upgrades and progress further into the story.The game is based very heavily on driving, specifically, your very own car that you upgrade with you like a man and his dog. The car will become your primary source of combat, means of travel, as well as the ability to reach new areas. One aspect that I thought was pretty intuitive was the introduction of the fuel gauge-- that's right, your car has to run on actual fuel. At first, it seems like the fuel supply is low, restricting your ability to go anywhere and do anything, but there are numerous ways to increase the efficiency as well as find spare fuel all over the place (you can also get special projects in each stronghold that will give you an instant full tank), so I never actually had an issue keeping the tank full.The gameplay and the controls are pretty well implemented, following gameplay style like the Arkham series and Shadow of Mordor (both WB productions), and with the detail of Just Cause 3 (same dev). The only complaint that I'd have about the gameplay, is the jumping... your character can jump, but not more than a foot of the ground. You rarely have to use it, that it just seems like it's there to keep some semblance of realism. It's more of a gripe in that it somewhat restricts your ability to go ""anywhere"".The music is also very well set to the game, it provides an ambience that puts you right in to a savage wasteland with some creepy inhabitants, and never feels like it gets in the way.The menu system is pretty comprehensive but I will give a summary of my pros/cons that will address a few quirks I noticed.tl;drPros:+ Fluid gameplay mechanics+ Interesting combat system (both on foot and in car)+ There's lots of content that can be accessed before completing major missions+ Upgrading your car and customizing the builds are satisfying to your type of play (speed, attack, weaponry, etc.)+ Fuel is plentiful (you just have to be observant)+ Map and fast-travel system is very useful+ Engaging story and fun missions+ You can cheat in death runs (races)Cons:- The main side content is just different takes on the same few concepts (which can get repetitive quickly)- Finding large quantities of scrap is annoying- The game can ""hold your hand"" in places (look for yellow everywhere to indicate where you can go)- The menu interface can be annoying when you find a new part and you have to switch back and forth to effectively compare two parts (hood ornaments mostly)- The jumping mechanic is just fillerOverall, I had a good time with this game. Give it a chance if you like open world, combat focused entertainment."
76561198057787572,Recommended,234140,17841772,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,VERY COOL,"It's a..... It's a good port. :DSeriously though, this a gorgeous game with gorgeous vehicles and gorgeous enviorments and it's not too demanding to boot! r9 390 AMD card here, maxed the game out with my fans at 80% and my gpu temp never going above 65 degrees celcius and averaging around 56.I really don't want to spoil this game for you. If you like Mad Max, get this game and play it. It's great. Very seductive to the eyes."
,Recommended,234140,17848590,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lucky Day,"To be honest i was sceptical at first, another movie licensed title hits the gaming world and i sincerely hoped that mad max would not join the rest of the terrible titles the post movie game adaption pile of death. Humbley and happily Mad Max will avoid being classified as another movie licensed failure but instead of one of the more successful and sound examples of not onyl a good movie licensed game but a good game in general.Mad Max seemed humble and a little slow at first, until i came across the major plot sequence and central focus of the game. Customising and building your very own wasteland beast. Not only do you get to customise a pre-existing frame of a vehicle, but have the option of many different vehicles, and on top of that many vehicle body, engine and wheel modifications, that combined in different arrangements make deadly combinations to tear other vehicles apart. This is without a doubt Mad Max's strongest feature, alongside its gritty and earthy combat system in both hand to hand and vehicular. The hand to hand combat feels viseral and real, hitting someone in the face with a wrench makes a satisfying sound, and a believable reaction. The vehicular combat, can be tough but damn is it satisfying, running a car off a road into a rocky out crop and see it break into pieces and blow into a flaming heap of spoilt chrome.Mad Max is a solid game, with a great level of optimization across the board, and great gameplay. Its only setback in my Lore loving eyes of the mad max world is its realtively weak Storyline and weak central protagonist, in both voice acting and overall appearance. All in all, this game is truly exceptional and i give it a high recommendation."
,Recommended,234140,33941848,Posted: 31 July,all,andiznit,"Hey Steamboats, I really think this is one of the best games based on a movie franchise that have been made. The story is very entertaining and the world is engulfing. I like the driving alot and the upgrades make you want to keep at it. I hope they make another one of these. Also runs really good on my pc."
76561198005784495,Recommended,234140,17859919,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,BeanyUndead,"This game is fantastic.I have said that I will never again buy an EA exclusive title or an UBIsoft Port because of all the dishonest and incompetent things they have done in the past. Well, the door swings both ways. After Shadow of Mordor and now Mad Max, I will make it my business to buy as many Warner Brothers products as I can. Seriously, they show respect to the industry and this game is yet another living testimony to that fact. Avalanche studios (the developer) has outdone themselves and Warner Brothers (the publisher) had the respect of the industry to publish it in this fashion. Excellent work.So why pay money for this title?1)	The design is conducive to the player having a lot of varied and dynamic fun. Driving, exploring, running, fist fighting, knife fighting, car rallying, hot-air balloon riding, sliding, talking, car upgrading, character progression…you name it, this game has got it. The best thing is, it all comes together seamlessly.2)	The detail in the world is amazing and the attention and respect of the lore is equally worthy of praise. You fight someone, there’s a complete description of how that character or enemy fits into the world. You see a base, landmark or resources centre, there’s a complete description of the site’s function and strategic significance. You pick up so-much-as a flash-light, and there is a complete run down of the object. Brilliant detail.3)	The dialogue and voice acting is top-notch. I have enjoyed the characters and cut-scenes in this game more than the film on which the game is based (and I loved Fury Road). The genius incorporation of Mad Max discourse and specific idiomatic terms makes you feel part of the world.4)	The graphics are great. Not perfect but amazing non-the-less. The fire, explosions, and smoke effects are nothing short of brilliant. It runs on my system at 80 frames per second with no lag while running fraps and Xsplit in the background. Amazing optimisation.5)	The driving is extremely cinematic as the combination of graphics, sound design and game-flow produce extremely stimulating encounters.6)	It’s a big game. You really do feel like you are embarking on an epic adventure and you are getting plenty of content for your money.Bravo to the folks at Warner Brothers. Bravo you amazing game designers at Avalanche Studios. The only criticism I can possibly muster involves the voice actor for Max. He does a truly great job but his voice is a little too deep. Seriously, that is as negative as I can get and I append the qualifier that the voice actor still does an amazing job within his scope of ability – not his fault he has a deep voice.Keep it up WB!"
76561198146769089,Recommended,234140,27803394,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Damage,"one of the most underated games, 9/10 would love a squeal!"
,Recommended,234140,17826813,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Volt,"Mad MaxMad Max is an open world third-person action-adventure game that has elements of both a PRG and a Shooter.  I have been watching this game for a long time and of course I pre-ordered it as soon as it was available but I have to admit I was a little worried after Batman: Arkam Knight.  I can honestly say that so far in I am really liking this game.Port StatusMad Max plays great. The controls work well with the exception in the menu where I was forced to use my controller to log into WB.  Now this may only be an issue because I have a controller plugged in, but it was still an issue all the same and I should not have to unplug a controller to play a game with a keyboard and mouse.GraphicsThey have done an awesome job optimizing this game.  I did have some lighting issues with flickering but after downloading the new Nvidia driver 355.82 it was flicker free.  With Vsync off I am getting well over 200 fps with every setting maxed out.  The graphics are Next Gen and look great.StoryI really like the story, but then who doesn't like Mad Max. It is the familiar post appopolyptic story where Max has lost everything and revenge.  The open world game with side quests are great.  The environment is easy to immerse yourself in.  I just wish you had choices and consequences.Furious BugsThe game is bug free for the most part although some people have experienced issues with the map, I have found an entirely different issue.  My bug relates to an earlier quest I completed in the first zone unlocking ammo stations in the last two zones.  Unfortunately my ammo stations are not unlocked and of course there is no way to replay the quest without replaying the game so I am unable to collect an achievement I earned unless I replay the game to do so.  The game has been patched several times but my issue remains.  After 75hrs in this game, I still enjoy running around in game, racing, and destroying cars but I am not too excited at the prospect of finding all of the loot objects again.ConculsionThe game delivers in almost every aspect and I recommend it without any hesitation."
,Recommended,234140,21308595,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Akka,"Ok this time for real.This game spikes up and down in quality very rapidly. You'll be enjoying yourself one minute driving around then the next you'll wish the pain would just go away as you slog through some of the most punishing combat and driving I've seen in a far cry collectathon.Upgrading your car is nice but I wish I could more readily use the others I collected wtihout magically phasing into the magnum opus for every cutscene. You'll engage in some very tedious, repetitive base raiding all for the purpose of unlocking new car parts. There is virtually no variety in enemies or bosses.There are other games that do this genre better and there isn't much unique to see here. While it isn't suitable for my tastes I can recommend it to anyone who enjoys this genre."
,Recommended,234140,17829425,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK,"7.6Hrs in on the first day of release, couldn't put it down. Batteries died in my controller and that stopped me. While I hunt for batteries take into account that im only 16% done the game. So the game seems like it's going to be a long furious ride!"
,Recommended,234140,21223431,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,"Mad Max is a game set in a world where careless waste, political terrorism, and general public unhappiness was permitted to boil over into full out rage, leaving the world a scarred, barren wasteland.The world of Mad Max, is completely different, from the world you and I know. The world you delve into in this game, is ruled by violence, governed by strife, fueled by crude oil, gasoline, and rig job cars built for war, and the only living one does here, is a filthy, misserable, dry-mouthed and perpually starving one, but in this world, simply being alive is a luxury few can claim to own. In this world, a car is required to be anyone or anything, including alive, and nothing but death, and dry bones await those with no car to carry them over the seemingly endless dunes of sand, which have long since covered the unfortunate would-be's who tried to survive before them. Money is worthless here, little more than tinder. The only thing people care about here, the only thing one could safely call 'money'. Is scrap metal. Piles of it, things used to create more cars, and therefore, more survival.The game is set in an obscure area in future America, seemingly in an old refinery town long since lost to the sands of sorrow. The only thing still standing, and furiously customized to grow to a sorry, pathetic excuse for a community, is Gastown, a large refinery that still stands and pumps gasoline, natural gas, and oil from the ground below at reckless speeds to fuel the governing group of lunatics, psychopaths, and bestial, carnage worshipping madmen: The War Boys of Scrotus. Much of the game happens in the southern outskirts of this town, a small 'oasis' that, upon arrival in it, seems more like a cruel joke, this area is a small space in the middle of what seems to be an endless expense of send dunes, extending for as long and as far and as unforgivingly constant as the eye can see no matter how high into the sky you go(with airballoon included). Wastelanders and Madmen alike refer to this ocean of endless death and barren dryness that surrounds their homeland as ""The Big Nothing"", and is routinely referred to as the place desperate people go, not to seek a better life, no matter what they themselves think, but to die. Some rumors say that the oceans which used to fill the entire area, which receeded many many many years ago, still recide far far beyond the Big Nothing, and if one survives the trek across it, they'll be rewarded with a sight of an endless ocean, stretching as far, if not further, than the big nothing, a never ending blanket of pure blue. Many have tried to seek this, and have never been heard from again, which only spurs the rumors on.Gameplay:First of all, yes, this game is an open world action RPG game with a garnish of crash car derby style gameplay.You play between driving and on-foot exploring most of the time. Long-range weaponry like handguns or rifles are a thing of the past, and extremely rare. Few rifles exist, and even few small arms. The only shotgun seemingly in existence for hundreds or thousands of miles around is Max's own.Driving is by far the most entertaining, but also the most difficult, requiring some driving skill depending on what surface you drive on, what tire type your car has on, and how much armor you wear(Cause armor is heavy and might make you stuck in the sand!). Car combat is a fine-tuned dance between excellence, and complete failure, it is almost impossible to be 'sort of successful' or 'sort of failure'.On foot is more straight forward. Mad Max is not just the name of the game, but also the protagonist whom you play. He is indeed mad, and is prone to bouts of uncontrolable rage towards those who attack him, sending him into a state the war-like factions call 'Kamicrazy'. He is, despite his lunacy, extremely skilled at hand to hand combat, and is capable of downing dozens of manic enemies with little effort(Assuming you're good at the game).The game has lots of content, many side missions, and countless things to do and see in the world. From lowering the presense of the incredibly powerful and horrificly aggressive faction called 'The Warboys of Scrotus', to progressing the main story of helping Max rebuild his lost 'Black on Black' car, which he loses in the prelude to the game's beginning. A new car, which he begins to build with the help of his newly found friend and ally, Chumbucket, the hunchbacked 'black finger' super mechanic, who knows little more than twisted, gas-combustion based religion, and making engines go vroom and wheels to spin. This car is named by Chumbucket, and is named 'The Magnum Opus'. Foretold by Chum to become 'faster, stronger, and better in every way, than the black on black, filled with holy purpose.'Graphics:Note that these graphics are based on a powerful 4k gaming rig with a GTX 980ti graphics cardThe graphics are appropriate for the game, requiring not much in the way of fauna or foliage since no plants seemingly exist in the world, anywhere. There is just dust, rock, and crude oil oceans made up of saturated sand. The graphics can be good, without being crazy, and still look amazingly detailed and more than adequate for giving a very realistic, very high caliber experience. Based on what I can tell, it appears that a lower grade rig could play this game at lower settings than highest/max, but it's always a good idea to google 'can I run it' and see what that says about your chances.Sound:It supports 7.1 surround sound, which is pretty flipping wonderful. I wish more games did. It gives an extremely realistic settings that makes you feel like you're standing in the middle of it. Of course you'd need 7.1 capable headphones, which mine are. Other than that, there's no desyncing between the voices and the animation of the mouthes, and the sound quality is very high, from both voice actors' skill, to the sounds taken for engines, and metal grinding against metal.Final word:I'm sure all of you want me to answer this question: ""Do you recommend it or not!?"" And yes, I absolutely do. I have little to nothing bad to say about this game. Extremely well executed, extremely well put together, an overall victory of considerable magnitude for the developpers responsible for this fine-polished diamond of a video game. If you like steampunky, violent, bitter and gorey messy games that takes unbearable living conditions, and makes them the norm for human survival and living style? Then this game will surely scratch that itch for guzzoline guzzling, oil burning, oil slicked finger licking car games that many of us have.I, for one, have been absolutely addicted to this game for the past 4 days, and I see no end to the game yet."
76561198073309911,Not Recommended,234140,21442113,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,IamBirdman,"Let me just say this game is really not that bad. In fact , its the best movie-tie-in game  I've ever played which you really do feel like Max on a post-apocalyptic wasteland . My opinion about this game is like a tug of war and it really does have its highs and lows .HighsBeautiful setting - Although it really is a wasteland , it doesn't feel that repettive . The game developers try there best to make the experience of driving around the wasteland actually more entertaining with each region have a unique character to it . Alogn with change of weather and nighttime.Gritty Combat - Akrham-y combat mechanic without the cool gadgets and kungfu moves  . When your playing Max , the only combat experience is your two fists and boy it really does feel good suckerpunch a godamn war boy in face .World - If you like the crazyness of the franchise, then this game gives that same lust of insanity and madness that we all crave with specific tribes with there own culture and beliefs . Typical Mad Max trope to survive by scavenging scraps , food and water is also the main theme for this game.Car mechanics and Combat - The soul of this whole franchise and this game is the car combat . Its basically Pimp-My-Ride with your sidekick Chumbucket as xzibbit . Car Combat is as entertaining as it gets especially when you high tail a convoy all by yourself , rampaging through dozens of cars jsut to get that head ornament as the cherry on top of your sweet Magnum Opus .Story - This is probably in the middle but like any Mad MAx movie . It is kept pretty simple with a clear objectiveLowsThe Grind - This is the bad apart about customizing your car , to upgrade the best parts for it you have to start doing small missions by destorying camps and clearing the region which is a chore especially if majority are almost the same . This is what BREAKS ME for this game , its tiring &repetitive and I had to take a long rest from playing this game before going at it again .THE DOG IS USELESS - At first when I saw the dog at the first part of the game you'll be like "" hell yeah , Dog partner in wasteland just like Road Warrior "" NOOOOOOPPPEEEE . The only thing that dog does in this game is to sniff out mines and there is no reward other then clearing the region out of doing this . It is menial and boring as heck .Mini-Boss are the SAME- THroughout parts of each region theres a mini-boss camps for you to beat to get that sweet paintjob on your crib but my god is it boring . Each Mini-boss has the same moves , body and mask and it is repetitive and lazy which makes the game almost a cakewalk .VerdictOverall , its really not a bad game but for those who enjoy a collectathon with a same-y sandbox gameplay with added car combat and collecting while experiencing post-apocalyptic franchise then you would love this game but for me it felt like chore ."
,Recommended,234140,17845452,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,keeri,"A little repeatable and it takes plenty of time and effort to get some upgrades, lack of which makes the gameplay limited and less fun. Aside from that, it's pretty nice."
76561198027370745,Recommended,234140,25585298,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Josta Holetz,"Solid 8/10PROS:-Very satisfying car combat-Great PC port-Beatiful rendition of the movies environment-Really awesome customization, both for the car and Max-Variety in activities and mission-Great degree in exploration-Good hand to hand combat, not the best but triyng to complete a fight without missing anything can be very accomplishing.CONS:-Some repetitive activities-Top dogs are all the same, was expecting them to be different. Even though the arenas they are in are all very different-Might seem strange but after all this time some cheap DLC would be cool."
76561198060244718,Recommended,234140,23850664,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tango,"I've been wondering wasteland for a few dozen hours, beating/slicing/crushing/shooting anything that moves, exploding anything that burns. I felt I was invincible! Nothing could stop me! I've never died In the fights and always embraced the storm when it came down on me! But not this time. With sturdy Opus and maximum Max's equipment and stats I got into a nasty storm in Dead Barrens. I've tracked the scrap box and pulled it to a safe shade of a cliff rubbing my hands from excitement of looting my preciuos treasure! I smashed the box and tried to grab the first loot piece when the lightning hit right under my feet igniting me like a christmas tree. After recovering I attempted to grab it one more time and got b.u.t.t.hit by a passing Buzzard enemy. But I didn't gave up. Half dead I rushed to my beloved Magnum Opus and got hammedred by a huge piece of scrap. ""I AIN'T DEAD YET"", - I shouted and rushed to my car again. I'm in! I'M IN!!! I blew enemy's car defences and ripped their wheels off. All 3 drivers rushed at me and in a matter of a few moments ended up on their shoulder blades. I dried all my water recovering from most of the damage when suddenly a sparkling blue light exploded next to me sendinging me ragadoll for a few meters. Good god I was lucky to heal up before it happened. I jumped into my severly damaged Deathmobile and rushed for the cover again. To my surprise I had another ferociuos Buzzard gang speeding my direction. The encounter  emerged into a ""last man standing"" carmaggedon. Two down, one to go. Don't fail me now Opus, we gotta' get through this in one piece! But it was too late. My four wheel Fury blazing in fires left me standing alone against enormous storm and a skink on his Spiky Hellmobile. Evading oncomming attacks form the airborne scrap and psycho on the quick car I finally managed to hit his gas tank sending him to the BBQ in hell. Wounded and half-scorched I think only about to get to safety. My car is almost ready to run and only few meters separate me from salvation and death. I almost made it! Just a little bit more!.. But the earth disagreed. Right in front of me another sparkling death strucked and there were no way to run or hide. The death has taken me to her domain.Sitting in front of my screen after a few moment of silence I squized out: ""Really mate?"".10/10! Would storm again!"
,Recommended,234140,26403838,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hyb_rid,"I was sceptical for a long time before i bought Mad Max, but ye it really is fun ... as always later in the game it slides to grind if you want all unlocks but hey nobody is pushing you into it and you can continue the story. Really well optimized, stable (I remember only like 2 crashes) and certainly visually appealing game that pinpoints the wasteland and its feeling."
,Recommended,234140,26858501,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Last_Panda | Make Artworks,The ending suprised me...damn...
,Recommended,234140,17859140,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[BoTM] Anorax,Gorgeous open world gameplay with superb graphics and sound. The story is simple but who cares when the gameplay is this much fun. This title is definitely a sleeper hit and some of the early trade reviews do not do this title justice.
,Recommended,234140,17859232,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Cerasza,"(Warning: much words, such tl;dr)To start I will say this: I like this game so far, there's plenty that's good about it.That said, I'm sure everyone and their mother will be posting reviews about why it's good while glossing over the negative bits (which might not be negatives for everyone, I suppose). So I'm opting to talk about what I don't like here instead.This is, of course, personal opinion, just because I don't like something doesn't make it bad.-----------------------------The on-foot combat mechanics... I believe someone said they are ""reminiscent of the Batman: Arkham series"". If by 'reminiscent' you mean 'practically torn straight out', then I'm inclined to agree. The mechanics aren't bad or anything, it's just kind of disappointing that they more or less copy/pasted the brawling instead of trying to make something a little more unique.-----------------------------Certainly a more personal gripe, but I find the open-world collectible-hunting to be very tiresome. People compare it to Just Cause 2, and I see what they mean. Problem is, I gave up on JC2's collectibles less than 15% of the way through finding them all because I got bored of basically looking for the same few things over and over and over again in a colossal playable area where it was kind of difficult to distinguish one section of the world from any other save a few landmarks here and there. I'm not even quite finished with finding all the things in the first main area of Mad Max, and it's wearing thin.-----------------------------The bosses. Good god do I hate the bosses so far.See, I always imagined that if a Mad Max game was going to have bosses, they would be awesome. Like, each boss would actually have tangible importance, each would have a unique look, voice, personality, specialization. Most importantly though, they would have an awesome mobile death fortress of some kind, and the showdown with them would include a huge running battle where you have to use all the tools at your disposal to pick apart their defenses one piece at a time while dodging smaller support and assault vehicles before finally delivering the killing blow.The vehicle for each boss would be unique and require different strategies, and the baddies themselves would have enough backstory that you'd know why they need to die outside of the usual ""me good, they bad, they need go boom"" deal. Finally, when you killed them, it would matter. Enemies that once served under that boss would be more likely to either run from you in terror or go kamikaze in hopes of a glorious death against a worthy foe. NPCs would tell (probably exaggerated) stories around campfires of how you took down some of the scariest dudes in the wastes like it was nothing.Maybe even have a sort of Crackdown-esque kinda deal where each boss provided some important service that strengthened the final villain you'd have to face, and each one you took down would make the final challenge just that much easier.So, what are the two bosses I've faced so far? Well...The first boss was a huge dude with a gimp mask and an oversized mace that attacked by charging at me and swinging said mace.The second boss was a huge dude with a gimp mask and an oversized mace that attacked by charging at me and swinging said mace... and he had a bit of paint splattered on him and there were some random goons and jets of fire.I honestly could not tell you what the name of either boss was or what they had to do with anything. For all I know, they had nothing to do with Scrotus and were just upset because I walked into their favorite BDSM club and started murdering everyone. Considering I seem to be at least 20% through the game, and the only bosses so far seem pointless and practically identical, I get the feeling I'm going to be fighting Mr. Gimp's several other identical twins in more-or-less matching uniforms before the end of the game.Perhaps I'll be pleasantly surprised by a unique and interesting boss at some point, but even so... it's a really terrible first impression, and it makes me wonder whether fighting the bosses is really going to be worth it.I'm not looking forward to fighting Mr. Gimp VI with his fedora, and his gimmick weakness that sounds like the devs just wrote up slips of paper listing every way an enemy can die, put them in a hat, picked one at random and said ""Okay, so you have to kill this boss by performing shiv executions on him over and over again. Otherwise you'll have spend 3 hours whittling his health down with those shriveled mouse testicles you call knuckles"".-----------------------------On the topic of things that are terrible, what I thought was a glitch during a boss fight, I now believe be be the result of a very poor design choice (though I might be wrong). Whatever it is, I hope it gets patched out.See, the first time I fought the first boss, I died after running out of shotgun shells and dodging at the wrong moment one too many times. I respawned right outside the boss arena, and was ready to go in and give it another shot... when I realized I had no shotgun shells, despite having had a full load of four when hitting the checkpoint before the boss. The boss, of course, had full health (I expected that would be the case). I thought this was just an awful glitch. Later, I was driving around and boosted at the wrong second in the wrong place, and died as a result. Before the screen confirming that I had, in fact, not survived falling several dozen meters popped up, I noticed that the game autosaved as my corpse burned in the wreckage.Now, I know nothing about the fine details of programming a game, or how save systems work. But I am thinking that what happened during that boss fight earlier is that I used up all of my ammo and died, and the game decided to autosave the state of my resources at the time of my death, then punt me back to the last checkpoint with the same amount of resources I had upon dying. Which would be expected if this was made by FromSoftware, but it's not. Having your head splattered with a mace only to resurrect a short distance away might fit the Dark Souls lore, but it doesn't really mesh with the Mad Max universe, I think. If you die, you're dead. Ergo, when you load the last checkpoint/autosave, it ought to be as if everything after that point in time never happened.(tl;dr plz fix autosaving on death so I can find something else to whine about)-----------------------------To wrap things up, I'm going to change gears and relay the most awesome moment I've experienced with the game so far:Driving to a minefield with the turdbuggy, dog in tow and only two shotgun shells on me.A wild Scrotemobile appears!&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just what I need right now.""Get in front of him, try to line up a shot through the windsheild, but the shotgun decides it wants to try targetting his rear left tire for some reason.Realizing that I'm going offroad, I look forward to avoid driving off a cliff or smashing into something.Barely swerve left to avoid ramming into a pillar.Weird physics stuff happens, resulting in the buggy spinning around a couple dozen times at mach 10 before landing in a perfect stop on all four wheels facing the exact opposite direction I had been driving.I instantly start aiming with the shotgun in hopes of killing the enemy driver, causing the game to go into bullet time.Apparantly, the baddie hit a bump and went flying through the air.The exact instant the game slowed down for aiming purposes, the Little Scrotemobile That Could torpedo'd the pillar with all the force of a great typhoon, resulting in what I can only refer to as 'what would happen if Michael Bay was directing a car chase scene for a Mission Impossible film after having gone three months without beating it to explosions'.There was much rejoicing.Ahh, if only the entire game could bring me that level of amusement..."
,Recommended,234140,17885705,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,jerrodbalzer,"I absolutely love this game. It's like Far Cry 3 in that you have to take camps so allies can occupy them, and it's like Rage with the way enemies come at you on the road. There are also strongholds that serve as home bases, and there are various ways of building them up so they serve Max better. I've seen some reviews claiming it's too survival heavy because ammo, water, etc, is scarce, but if you build up the strongholds, you really don't have to worry about all that and just have fun wreaking havoc.Scrap metal is a necessity if you're to upgrade your car and even yourself so you can handle the increasing difficulty of the game.I feel this game nails what it set out to do, which was put the player in a Mad Max world, and I especially love the car battles! I keep wanting to gather more scrap so I can turn my car into more of a beast, and this need is also the driving force to do favors for others, which moves the story along and keeps the action pumped.The characters are fun and well-acted, and the Batman-type combat is fluid. Buy this game and be witnessed!"
,Recommended,234140,20208068,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"If I had to imagine what a Mad Max game would be like, it would be exactly like this game.Graphics are pretty decent, the gameplay is solid. Not too strong of a story but it's Mad Max. Lots of violence and things blowing up. Badass cars and a well crafted post-apocalyptic wasteland.Couple of complaints I have is that the game gets repetetive, going from territory to territory scavenging scraps and collectibles, clearing out camps of baddies yet I couldn't stop playing. I also ran into bugs once in a while like clipping through objects or character body parts dissapearing and mines in the minefield not showing up properly. Coincidentally this game was made by Avalanche, same developer that made Just Cause 3 and somehow this game didn't turn out to be a buggy mess like that one but I digress.The things I liked were the cars, specifically the Magnum Opus, the pinnacle of badassery. The wasteland itself could be quite beautiful and pretty to look at too during certain hours of the in-game day. The flow of combat is pretty simple and looks great when chaining combos and counters together. You get a sidekick named Chumbucket who's just the best lil hunchback sidekick ever.I had a lot of fun with it and would definately recommend it to strangers and my friends if they like driving and action games."
,Recommended,234140,35404385,Posted: 1 October,all,Large Cheese Soda with extra DIP,"I don't write many reviews but seeing that this game is on sale i thought i would help with giving some people thinking of buying this game some piece of mind.There have been very few games over the years that have grabbed me and pulled me in wanting to do every little aspect of its game. I can safetly say that Mad Max is one of those games that truely grabs you and pulls you into its world making you complete every small - big mission there is.. it makes you want to do it, it doesn't force you to do.The driving in the game is amazing, the car fighting is pure enjoyment, hand to hand combat is pretty basic but you aren't play this game for it.give this game a try, you wont regret it one bit."
,Recommended,234140,35451264,Posted: 3 October,all,⛧God Of Sadness⛧,"It's really a fun game and fighting feels great, it feels like u actually punch someone to death. The rare ammo gives u the feeling of an apocalypse and i like the story so far."
76561198031324041,Recommended,234140,20567563,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mumm-Ra,"A shockingly good game that i avoided till last winter sale because i feared it was a movie tie in.The game is more closely linked to the old Mel Gibson movies, its a long, cold, hard look at our society and how we function as human beings...or not.Its an emotional rollercoaster that leaves you a tad sad but relieved by the credits.You will play through this game thinking your rebuilding a man's sanity, that there is the possibility for some happiness in a dying world but then reality sets in.Mixed feelings of loss and rage, a feeling of emptiness thereafter, very fitting for this setting.There are very few games, that leave me sitting after completion staring at my library list...wondering what i will play next while still trying to process what exactly just happened. The ending is very strong, good or bad depends on you."
76561197972940535,Recommended,234140,17842899,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Blackthorne,Started first game at 6:00pm release dayFinished session at 2:00am and the sun was coming up.Obviously I can't stand this game...
76561198052598003,Recommended,234140,20276050,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dozza,"While I haven't finished this game yet, I couldn't help myself to write some thoughts down about this game, first of all, this game is optimised so well that is more stress on your pc to idle in the main menu than when the game is loaded, so that is cool.Also with my experiences with other post apocalyptic games, I have noticed three main types; there is the American wasteland, aka Fallout, where mutated beasts and creatures roam, and humans don power armour to survive, there is the Russian Metro, with even more mutuated beasts and even next level human evolution is taking place, then there is Australia, the Land Down Under. In Australia's wasteland, mutated beasts are not the focus. Cars, Oil and Guzzoline are the focus. Everyone becomes a souped up, heavy metal enthusiast rev-head derro. The need to travel extremely fast in a poorly constucted metal death machine that belches black oily smoke and sets fire the dusty ground beneath it's spiked wheels is everyone's dream.So far it is good, and continuously gets better. Do pick it up and become a rev-head who eats dogfood and drinks water collected in a plastic bag!Edit - This game is shiny and chrome, well deserved of a place into the convoy taking souls to the gates of Valhalla [Hold E to Enter Valhalla]"
76561198134924375,Recommended,234140,17839632,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Swiisher,"So far so good 2hrs in and im liking it alot, Definatly recommend. New and Fresh content seems to have a ton of gameplay ,  Didnt initially plan to buy this game but im glad thaty i decided too :D"
76561198025132727,Recommended,234140,20868731,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Korriban,"Mad Max is an action, open-world game that sends you inside one of the best movie of 2015. Usually, I tend to avoid games based on movies, because more than often they are rushed titles whose only purpose is to sell using the name of the movie. So, what happened that made me change my mind about buying such a potentially bad game? Mainly, Steam reviews. With a solid 90% positive reviews I thought to give the game a chance, besides I'm also a big fan of Mad Max movies, a post apocalyptic genre lover and the game was 66% discounted during Christmas. I bought it and it was a real, amazing surprise.TECHNICAL ASPECTS***GAMEPLAY 8/10Mad Max gameplay is amazing, but unfortunately it is flawed by some aspects that may bore the gamers. As I said, the game is open-world, Max can travel by foot (not a very good nor smart idea), by car (best idea) or by fast travel (anti-boredom idea). Why is fast travel anti boredom? Simply because the world is HUGE, it's like Skyrim but in a desert with almost no life, so even with a car, but nothing to do it gets boring. The environment is really well made, don't get me wrong, I tried to avoid using fast travel (I'm not a big fan of it), but if you want to 100% complete the game, traveling, even with your fastest car, becomes a nuisance.Now, let's talk about fighting. Take the Batman Arkham franchise, strip the Bat of it's costume, grow Wayne a big bushy beard, give him some ragged clothes, a double barrel shotgun and throw him in a desert, done ? Good, you now have Max, a man that fights (kinda) like the Gotham vigilante. What is great about this in Mad Max is that you can perform some finisher moves depending on the environment. Is your enemy with his back against a wall ? Grab his head and smash it on said wall. Is your enemy the sniper in that tall tower that just blow up one of your car tires? Find a way to sneak up on him and push him over the ledge of his tower, no more sniping for you ... Baiatch ! Do you like the sound of your shotgun? Grab an enemy and gut shot him... again, and again, and again, and ... damn I ran out of ammo.Once your enemies are all dead you can go back to your car and chill out... wait no ... a war party approaching !!! Fighting in Mad Max doesn't end when you enter your car, it really begins there. If you have seen the 2015 movie you know what I'm talking about, if not go buy the DVD and then buy the game (I'm not joking). Car fights are almost exactly like the ones you see in the movie: ramming, grinding, burning, harpooning, blowing up tires, fuel tanks or drivers. The only problem about cars is that the game doesn't like to see cars upside down, so whenever you flip your car and start sliding on your hood, some mystical force flips your car back on its wheels.All of this you'll be able to do by buying the right upgrade for Max or the car, there are a lot of them. For Max there are the classic upgrades : better armour, more HPs, special combos, etc. For the car there are car bodies, tires, ramming grills, engines, hood ornaments, harpoons, spikes (to impale enemies that try to jump on your car) pipes that shoot flames and much more. Each upgrade will cost you scrap (the currency of the game), you get scrap by completing missions, looting enemies or locations and by destroying enemy vehicles. It is hard to have enough at the beginning, but doing side missions helps you a lot and eventually you end up having more than you need.Last thing I'll explain about gameplay is what made the Steam reviews drop from 97% positive to 90% : the lack of diversity for what concerns side missions. In Mad Max you have the possibility of roam free around the map doing things like destroying enemy convoys or liberating outposts. Although these things are fun and give you the opportunity of doing something other than the main quest, they are basically all the same, they just get a bit harder the more you go on. These enemy outposts for example, are different only in their appearance, one is inside a chasm, while another was built on an abandoned oil rig. The problem is that you always have to do the same thing, fight your way among enemies and blow things up or kill the boss. Here, the bosses, or I should say ""big guys who look all the same except for the colour of their clothes"", this is the worst thing of the game, these guys are supposed to be generals, not cannon fodder, so I expect them to be unique, to fight in different ways, to die in different ways, well... no, they are all the same, they fight all in the same way, and you kill them in the same way.***STORY and LORE 9/10It's not the main thing of the game obviously, but I guess it's noticeable by the fact that I wrote a poem about the gameplay and almost nothing about the story. However, it is good, not excellent but good enough, it follows up the event of the movie but doesn't cross them, so the game and the movie remain separated but in the same context. It also seems that George Miller, the director and inventor of Mad Max, supervised some aspects of the game, the lore in particular, I've read that he likes the idea of being allowed to explain things (in a game for example) that you cannot explain in a movie (for obvious reason of time). So, when going around doing quests you come across some ""relics"" that give you hints on what happened to the world. When you start the game you may think you're in a desert in Australia, but it's not just a desert it'sthe bottom of the ocean, now dry due to some mysterious event, (probably global warming).If you want a short summary of the story keep reading (I won't spoil anything important)The game starts with Max driving his beloved Interceptor, you get attacked by Scrotus (one of Immortan Joe sons) you manage to kill Scrotus but your car gets stolen and scrapped. Then, you encounter a hunchback named Chumbucket, a blackfinger (title given to those who are skilled mechanics), who wants to help you because he says to have seen you in a vision and thinks you're the ""Saint"" (an envoy of the goddess called Angel Combustion). He builds a new car, the Magnum Opus and comes with you to help you get a V8 engine that is supposed to allow you to continue your journey through the desert.During the game you come across other characters, some crazier than others, who help you if, of course, you help them first and you do that until you reach Gastown. What happens then, I let you discover by yourself.***GRAPHICS 10/10Amazing, nothing less. Even though it's not perfect I give the game a 10 because it runs at a steady 60fps on (Mad)Max settings 99% of the time, I dropped under 50 only twice, but there was really a lot going on on screen. The game is so well optimized that makes other AAA games look bad. Everything about the environment is unique, each region has its unique features and look. You don't have the impression of being in the same place, even though you're in a desert with only rocks, sand and some scattered ruins, but what really shines here are the storms.Storms are random events that can occur when you are out in the open, your companion Chumbucket will scream ""Storm approaching !"" and will point in that direction, you move the camera and you see it : a front of black clouds of dust moving towards you at incredible speed. You may try to outrun it and find somewhere to hide, but you'll miss all the fun, so pedal to the metal and run inside the storm. Everything turns black for a second, the wind howling covers even the sound of the engine, lightning starts falling from the sky and you have to steer to avoid being hit... it is so damn fun, if you manage to find some crazy enemy inside a storm is even better.***SOUND 9/10I'm running out of space to write so I'll just say that sound is great: engines, explosions, bone breaking or dislocating, car grinding to each other. Best part of it is voice acting.OVERALL SCORE 9/10"
76561198001784839,Recommended,234140,17837576,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Salty Jack,"Wow.I am cautious on movie-games, because I know they tend to suck.I did a little preview research, but even then I was hestitant.I decided to buy this on an impulse at full price (I normally wait for the Steam sales).I am three hours in and I've had a big silly grin on my face much of that time.Buy it."
,Not Recommended,234140,30161610,Posted: 25 February,all,yungwood,"Look, overall this game just gets boring too quickly, its a very grind heavy game with very little reward, however if you pop an adderall and can really sit the hours of dreary grind, the games mechanics aren't that bad. This game was too grind heavy for me personally which is why I cannot recommend it to others, but some may have no problem with an overly grindy system."
,Recommended,234140,30842829,Posted: 30 March,all,Dekonega,"Supports Vulkan API on Linux now. It's in beta but my framerate went from approx. 45 to 80 with nearly all graphic settings enabled. Regardless of what you think of this game go buy it and play it on Linux (I'm running the game in Fedora Workstation). See this post for instructions on how to get into the Vulkan beta:http://www.feralinteractive.com/en/news/753/I've only played one hour and I cannot tell much about the game itself. It's your regular open world game with a pretty solid car combat. The goal seems to be building your car and tuning it. The game has that Batman: Arkham Asylum combat when travelling on foot. It gets most Mad Max things right from the get go and it is a fun game to play if you get into it.Visually impressive landscapes. The game has decent soundscape but nothing special. Music is fine, I guess. The game controls are fine. It has proper mouse & keyboard support with proper key pop-ups for them on screen. Also supports controllers. Steam Controller works fine.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=901113514http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=901620430"
,Recommended,234140,17849657,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,Mad Max runs better than batman.and his car is better too!
,Recommended,234140,17839552,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sogz,"Great game what ive played so far.Loving the wasteland, car fights and exploration.Well chuffed i got this game :)"
,Recommended,234140,17835378,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Rome,"Pros- A massive open world- Lots of fun- Lots to do- Good framerates- Well optimized- Customization- Amazing sound design- Great graphics- Vehicle combat is funCons- The odd bug, nothing game breaking- Hand to hand combat is limited to a few buttons- I am addictedI give this game about a 9/10 so far...."
76561197980379892,Not Recommended,234140,25827325,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kzah,"You got amazing franchise, and created huge, beautiful, smooth map.What would you do next?1) Create stunning story? Pfff, bad guys destroyed my car, I need another one with V8 engine.2) Ok, maybe interesting quests? Pfff, I said no, you are the errand boy, go there, take this, maybe beat some♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this guys.15 or so would be more than enough for anyone! All others are just collectibles in sake of collectibles, or achievements.3) Ok, ok, different factions and enemies? Yeah, I will just copypaste them and reskin, that would be ok, nobody will notice.4) Oh, about reskins, how do you like fighting the same boss 8 times? No? Why, I think this is awesome, and all of them have different colors!5) What about NPCs? Well, they are actually cool, they have personalities, in fact they have much more personality than Max himself. BUT (this game is a huge BUT), NPCs have so little on screen time,that you will never have time to feel any empathy to them. (Chumbucket does not count, he is the BEST that this game have)Third plane NPCs are just decoration, if we remove them, the game will loose nothing.6) And the last is game mechanics, ohhhhh, it is GOOOD, BUT (did I tell you about BUTs in this game?) it is implemented so poorly. The game is VERY EASY. Car and Max progression, made the way, that after 1/3 of the gamenothing have a chance to stop you. This made the game DULL. Huge map and nothing sensible to do with it.Unfortunately this game is just a husk of something that could be so awesome..."
76561198018460505,Recommended,234140,17838922,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"An absolutely unbelievable game, exactly what is to be expected from a ""Mad Max"" experience. My only real qualms with the game are that while it is ""Open World"" one has to complete a set of tasks to move to the next part of the world itself. That being said these tasks are generally quite fun and generate scrap ""Mad Max Cash"" either way, so no biggie. Certainly there will be alot of people comparing this game to others, it has various games it draws from for sure. Specifically Batman Arkham City, GTA V, Shadows of Mordor and even Red Faction Guerilla. If you like any of these games, this is sort of the baby.  And don't forget, WHAT A LOVELY DAY!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA2WsJRmWSA"
,Recommended,234140,17889046,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Menphues,"So my constructive review on Mad Max Game!As many of you know about my reviews, I go into more detail than needed but it works out in the end.So lets start with the basics:Graphics: This game is extremely well made on the optimize section. Maxed out graphics is super smooth on my crossfire 7950s and the game does look really nice. I played maxed out at 2560x1440p and the game was smooth as butter, even streaming game it ran smooth without a single problem. The most optimized game to date, better that GTAThe graphics in total are decent, really they are nice to look at and has some really cool effects with the glass effect on the cars, dents and scratches. Really well done!Audio: There is not much to really comment on this, you have car sounds bombing around, but the car sounds do sound pretty nice, with the grumble from the different engines. The main character looks and sounds like the guy from ""The Last Of Us"" Literally and the music I find annoying, so I turned it off, the overal bumps, sand poof and what not is nothing special.Controls: This is what I do not like at all! The car handles horrible, really... If you ever played APB: Reloaded then you know what I am on about here because it handles about the same! When driving and turning, it's like you are trying to ride an ice cube, down a wet iced path and hit a pin at the end. It's really horrible to drive I think, and takes some time getting used too. The way the character moves aswell is also annoying. You have to be RIGHT infront of the ladder to actually climb it, no matter if you are looking at it and beside it, up against it.. You MUST be directly played infront and sometimes you can just tap the key and the character will dart off an edge or something. The way he moves it annoying!Gameplay: So this is an open world game, kinda sandbox if you will but limited. You have a car, a man and a chum to go on your quest. Lots of missions in the game really are stupid, go here, talk to this man, go back and talk to chum, now chum wants an item, go and get it and come back, but sometimes the items are less than a few feet away, but he STILL wants you to get it, then you get it and it's done, like ""THE HELL!!!""Also jumping, the character barely jumps over a book and you often find yourself running around things because he cannot get up the size of a paper back book.... I was able to jump around things and yet he could not step over something and it forced me on one path ONLY. The game is kinda linear in that aspect.Shooting.... When you press right click, your character will stop dead in his tracks and you CANNOT, I repeat you CANNOT move at all... You cannot move and shoot, you must stay still.. What the hell is with that I do not know!You spend most of the time doing the same missions back and for, talking just to build the car. This game is all about the car parts it seems. Not much about anything else from what I can tell.  So far the missions I have seen has been the same as every other one... Bored me!The combat is simple button smash, right click and back to smashing.... Literally batman fight system and it's okay for the first fight, maybe the second but then it's boring!There are no grabbing attacks, holding to counter to attack someone else, using proper fighting... It's simple button smash fighting.Taking a strong hold... (Take it sniper, take out flame thrower barrel) enter and beat more people up... Every single base is the same to take out. Nothing new in any!You can only carry ONE jerry can (Fuel can) in the car at one time, no matter if you find more, they are wasted. You can only carry one supply of water on you at a time, you cannot even store any in the vehicle!Which is a very stupid thing to do when the game is meant to be a post apocalyptic world.(These are things that annoyed me and made me bored)There is also a lot of this fuel around, even though your car barely uses that many... You can find near enough every point a Jerry can to fill up the car, but barely using that much fuel you do not need it, you cannot store it so you just waste it. Pointless!There is also no coop or no multiplayer.. LITERALLY!!! So people may say, ""Yeah but it's a wasteland and you are the last man alive"" and too which I reply ""So who are the other people you meet and greet in the game?"" There ARE normal people in the game that are not physco and this game would benefit so much more having a team behind you, making a stronghold together, increasing the odds of forming your own alliance, but no!Would I recommend this game? Yes, but only just and I really mean only just... 51% so 49% no, because it does offer some good gameplay for a few hours but then it becomes the same thing around, scavange, talk, fix, scavenge, talk, fix and that too me is the reason plus above no coop I stopped playing the game. So it only, and I mean ONLY just gets a recommend from me!"
76561197967768801,Not Recommended,234140,29945238,Posted: 15 February,all,Slusk,"This is the worst kind of open game.It has little challenge, and you will not be stuck anywhere because its too hard.It has alot of upgrades. But you dont care.It has alot of collectable photos of the past. But you do not care.It has alot of sidemissions for different factions. But you do not care.So why do you not care?Because there is no soul in the game. You just drive around and do the same thing over and over."
76561198075712662,Recommended,234140,24912577,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,LeftangelCN,"After over 50 hours' gaming time, I've still left nearly half of the entire map unexplored. Repetitive as the gameplay is, it's fun and cool. And I don't care to repeat doing something interesting, just as the things we all like to do in bed.And by that I mean sleep. Don't get me wrong :)This game is also a fan game if you like the movie edition of Mad Max (the 4th sequel). The characters' style design plus the story's background are pretty much the same as those in the movie. I like the movie, so I enjoy this game, too.I especially think this game is worthwhile because I bought it on the passing summer sale. I recommend you do it too someday,  because it'll make you feel even better when you are enjoying such a gorgeous game at the super nice price.Also, the game's optimization is as awesome as being able to run smoothly at 30~40 FPS with graphic quality switched to HIGH on my Nvidia 650TI GTX card, I5 processor, more than expected and totally acceptable for me.So if you have become bored in the luxury in the city or the scenery in the wild, I truly recommend you try this game for a bit change. What you will get is a big post apocalyptic desert world which you've never experienced before. If you happen to have watched the Japanese anime ""Hokuto No Ken (Fist of the North Star)"", you'll find they share a very similar historical background. Actually I've been always humming the theme song of the anime during my gameplay: YouはShock~Come on, men~ Start your engines!"
,Not Recommended,234140,29397926,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr Elusive,"Looks nice and runs very smoothly on my 7 year old PC, butthe actual game itselfis boring. You will spend most of it doing a checklist of collectables and busywork - all just padding the game out to make it longer than it actually is. Trust me, once you've played the first 2 hours you have seen everything in the game."
,Recommended,234140,17913240,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Some Jerk,Effectively simulates what it's truly like to be Max Rockatansky.
,Recommended,234140,17847794,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,raptorash,"Honestly, It's a great, great game.Not many games hold my attention for long these days, but they found away to make the grinding levels to get buff after buff and driving around the map for nonstop collecting of scrap, not tedious or boring, but more like, I feel like I'm working towards something that's going to increase my fun, and that's something to be proud of.PROS;-Blow up peoples cars-Blow up peoples bases-Blow up peopleCONS;-I've become a pyromaniac"
,Recommended,234140,17849277,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,∞Andaheim♥,9/10+Good Graphic+Low Spec required+Have many things to do-Laggy move and Car control
,Recommended,234140,17847299,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bendimo ツ,"Insanely fun, great story line and great open world. GET IT NOW YOU ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,234140,17849119,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,+great port+greate graphics+greate gameplay+must buy if you like mad max franchise-there are some bugs here and there9\10
76561197987942435,Recommended,234140,25610297,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hman105,"A documentary-based game showcasing the day to day lives of people in modern day Australia, Mad Max is an adventure of a lifetime.In Mad Max, we follow Max Rockatansky, a man travelling to the far corner of Western Australia to get some vegemite for his family. Unfortunately for him, some cheeky blokes steal his car and take it to their leader, who takes it apart because of the overtly low wages for outback miners like himself.Overtaken with mild annoyance, Max teams up with a cripple and decides to ♥♥♥♥ up all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and build a new car using some metal bits he finds in their settlements. He also helps out a hurt doggy which is cute.Oh yeah, he also eats maggots out of a rotting dead guy's body. What the ♥♥♥♥ Australia.Anyway, overall I give Mad Max a 8/10. I took away two points because it showed me exactly what kind of hell exists on this earth and scarred me for life."
,Recommended,234140,25584518,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dadecum,"Really cant go wrong for $10, well worth it, not much more to say, if you like the look of it buy it, its ♥♥♥♥in $10 why not?"
,Recommended,234140,30808200,Posted: 28 March,all,DestructionHerbie,"TL;DR Version:  Well, I enjoyed it more than Fallout 4.It's Batman Arkham meets Carmageddon and GTA w/ the Mad Max license.  If that doesn't entice you, I don't know what will.Don't rush through the story missions and do try to unlock fast travel spots ASAP.Always carry a spare gas can.------------------Maybe it was just me, but the game did not feel as repetitive as some others have complained about.  Yes, the landscape looks similar all over, but it's to be expected when you're in the middle of the desert.    Yes, tasks do repeat, but how many games these days don't follow some kind of grind cycle?  I never really felt bored through it, though.  Part of this may be a result of me spending a lot of time clearing scrap sites and knocking out territories as much as I could and really only advanced the story when I needed to do so.  The base story itself doesn't really have a sense of urgency (at least to me) until I start the quests specific to getting the Big Chief (a V8 engine), so in a way I felt more encouraged to take my time.  It probably would have felt like more of a grind if I just blitzed through the story missions ASAP and didn't do the side quest options.  So if there is one recommendation for playing a new game, it's take your time and explore.I would also recommend unlocking fast-travel spots as soon as you can.  The Hot Air Baloons (which allow you to scout the area) as as fast-travel spots, but so do the Death Run spots.  Just drive right into the Death Run spot (not just passed it when gives you the bio for the place) and you have and automatic fast travel zone.  It does makes traversing the desert a lot quicker.  One thing I will note is by using fast-travel, you always spawn with your Magnum Opus.  So if you actually do play around with the specialty cars (not counting your Archangel mods for the Opus), it will reset and you will need to go back to a stronghold to re-obtain your car.The combat is mostly akin to the Arkham games, but now you have a shotgun, shivs, and can actually use the melee weapons.  Controls feel very responsive.  I don't feel “quite” as responsive as Batman in Arkham City, but I am playing as burnout ex-cop/soldier with bad knees and a death wish, so it isn't jarring for me.  It might just be me.  Even with that, the vast majority of times I died it was due to stupidity and not bad or unresponsive controls.  The camera can, at times, go a bit stupid.  That said, it's not enough to detract me from the experience.I have now beaten the game, but not 100%.  The ending was bittersweet, which is fitting for the Mad Max universe.  At some point I may go back and just scrounge around for scrap and history relics and collect the one car I am missing, but for the most part I am done and ready to tackle another game.  I will say I actually want to go back spelunking in the game at a later point, which I can't say about some other games I have beaten.My largest gripe about the game is actually nothing to do with the overall scenery, story, mechanics, or anything else of that nature.  It's actually the pointless product placement rammed in it via the (admittedly minor) DLC which comes with purchase.  Two of the hood ornaments and one of the cars unlocked in the game are just ads for Rockstar Energy Drinks.  Kind of wrecks the immersion just a bit.  The hood ornaments are at least useful in early game (before you unlock the others), but the unlocked car is a pig's♥♥♥♥♥♥All that aside, I still enjoyed my time in the game.  As of this writing, the game is currently retailing for $19.99 and I would consider it money well spent.  Lord knows I've bought other more expensive games which were greater letdowns."
76561198022080369,Recommended,234140,31333908,Posted: 23 April,all,Daemonkin,"That was a damned fine game. No spoilers, but the story was fitting for the character and the end was suitably Max-ish, though not as challenging as I might have liked.The transition from console to PC is never an easy one, but this one was done quite well save for the vehicle steering mechanics, which you might have thought should have demanded more attention since so much time is spent driving.A few little language errors and a few too many non-Australian accents, but all in all a fine effort.7/10"
,Recommended,234140,29135462,Posted: 8 January,all,Mochaccino3,"Entertaining game and nice addition for the fans.Repetitive? Maybe, but I didn't feel like it was. I absolutely love the brutally violent and proffesional fighting system and the road encounters aren't horrible so I really wanted to play what the game offers. Including completing the camps to the 100% since what you collect is actually useful and things like the history relics are also cool because of Max's commentary. The story... well, it's pretty Mad Max honestly, it may not feel personal, but it makes sense and is not bad at all.Mad Max's amazing concept and a deeper look at how things are in the Great White.Amazing graphics and cool scenery. Smooth performance.Cool characters with personality. Characteristic Mad Max dialogue.Huge gameplay time.When it comes to cons I can't really mention any that you'll agree with."
,Recommended,234140,27848743,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,8ternity,"Just WOW! ""Why i haven't tried this before?"""
,Recommended,234140,17841524,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CXIV,"Where is my chrome spraypaint?You don't often see a AAA game that actually runs good AND looks good at the same time. Additionally, you don't often see movie licensed games that really any good. This game is a shining exception. The gameplay is solid and the characters and scenery is interesting. Overall good game."
76561198004658447,Recommended,234140,18182362,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Keys,"The game is fantastic. The environments, the post-apocalyptic settings are amazing. The gameplay is solid and keeps you on your toes cause it can go very bad quickly if you're not fast enough.  I never had such a blast to just ride my car in a sandbox game. The amount of destruction I left behind me makes me smile all the time. The story could be better, that's true, but for me, the atmosphere makes up for it and I DO want to stay in the game for hours.I'm really not a completionist in games, far from it, but Mad Max makes me want to do everything and it's a sign of an exceptionnal game. I had less fun to complete GTA 5 and I thought it was really good. The game is not more repetitive than other sandbox games but it sure is a lot more interesting to do the side stuff, than let's say, Assassin's Creed XYZ. The car is amazing to use for destruction.And for those interested in the hardware side of MM. I'm running it flawlessly on a i5 4670k and a Radeon 7970 ROG Matrix Platinum. It looks so good and runs so smoothly that it makes me ""mad"" at other's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC ports even more. This game is an example of a PC port well done.9/10A story a little bit more ambitious would have make this game deserve a 10/10 easily for me."
,Recommended,234140,18150544,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Skeeve,"After Playing around 70 hours of the game, gaining all achievements, watching all the films over an over... i have come to the conclusion that this game does not include Mel Gibson :( but even without the braveheart flare this game has blown me away at every corner, The gameplay is simple and fun, the landscape is so beautiful and fun to explore.... The Enemies are all nutters an the cars bring my pure love of American muscle to life. If i can sling a dirty massive V8 in a cheeky fastback, bomb it over a cliff (which sould kill me) blow up some unsuspecting enemies with a cheeky bumm ramm and all at the same time fail to drive in a straight line then this game won my heart <3Id give this game a solid 8.5/10The goodies:Great fun for a Single Player gameEasy to enjoy, easy to lose track of timeGreat to taunt your friends with while sharing screens in skypeOnly problems i had:Tabbing out i died alotspent too much time farming spawns for achievementsno damn Mel GibsonI live, I die. I LIVE AGAIN!"
76561198068691620,Recommended,234140,18201198,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,xWallex,"I rarely write reviews but i salute whoever made this game, this game is Strongly RecommendedPros:- This is one of the best games i have ever played so far. It just belongs there along with epic games of the same open world genre that i played and enjoyed (like the recent installments of GTA, Fallout, Just Cause, Assassins Creed .. etc)- Post-apocalyptic (Mad Max universe, watch the latest 4th movie of it before playing to know what this world is all about)- Open world (like GTA 5 but a much bigger map), but you can't really wander off anywhere easily, you'll need enough water and gas or you're gonna die in the wasteland.- Mix of combat methods which are epic, i love how you can fire a harpoon at a sniper tower then pull it with your car to bring it down. Car combat somewhat reminds me of Twisted Metal.- Amazing graphicsCons:- Following the Mad Max movies world, the steering wheel is on the right side of the cars (australians) which is something most of the world isn't used to, this has no effect on the playing quality but dammit i keep going to the left side of the car thinking i'll reach the steering wheel faster xD, however i do underrstand and appreciate the game makers sticking to the legacy the mad max movies created.Overall:- if you enjoy open world games in post-apocalyptic settings, car customizations, cars chases & combat, survival then this game is good for you."
76561197983010862,Recommended,234140,30499390,Posted: 13 March,all,gatzby37,"Super fun. loved it. Great story, great action."
,Recommended,234140,17837509,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,PC1073,There is nothing wrong with this game.Anyone who says otherwise is insane.
,Recommended,234140,25537492,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Angry. Old. Man.,"This is one of the most memorable games I have played. It puts you into the actual shoes of Mad Max in ways no movie can (but I wish I could see in the future).I have never felt so 'in the shoes' of a character as I did playing this game.My memories of the game are endless. Intense and lingering. I played through several times. Each time, learning more about Max and his World.This game is one of the reasons I upgraded my PC to a 64 Bit platform, and I am more than glad that I did.I've never been through more depressing runs of brutal warfare and survival in all my 30 years of gaming. I would gladly play through a fourth time.In the End... No Spoilers... ... ... ... ... ... ...It is what it is.That's the only way Max could have it in this life. Constantly trying to survive.I truly felt like a 'Saint' of the wasteland in every playthrough. Hearing the people I contribute to thanking me and telling stories of my accomplishments throughout the visiting of each Base was encouraging and rewarding as any game could deliver.I also love that this game ties into the Fury Road movie, which is in my top ten. I can't explain how they intertwine b/c spoilers, but it was very well done, in my opinion.A must play for fans of Batman games or fans of the Mad Max Universe. Lots of gory backgrounds, Brutal Combat, Mature Cutscenes. Drug use. Some minor sex references.I have over a hundred hours in this game, all well worth it. The Storms are awesome. Sieges are awesome. BEING. MAD. MAX. IS. AWESOME...Everything left me wanting more. I wish to see a sequel in the future, whether on the Big Screen or on my Gaming Rig. Hopefully both.4.9/5"
,Recommended,234140,17855026,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,LNoronha,"Mad Max is a perfectly enjoyable game, but don't get it expecting the reinvention of the wheel for gameplay or a deep story. The gameplay is, basically, Assassin's Creed / Batman Arkham Asylum: parry, hit hit hit, evade; go to a very high place (balloons in Mad Max) to reveal maps and unlock fast travel; collectibles everywhere and so on. As you play the story missions or unlock... unlockables you get to upgrade and customize your car, your gear and your skills.The game is, to me, a lot like the new movie: something that you lean back and enjoy for the action, the ""Mad Maxy"" vehicles, the road fights and the craziness of the post-apocalyptic world. There's something special about impaling a guy with a harpoon fired from the back of your car, pulling him through his windshield and then dragging him across the desert. The game is as violent as the movie, perhaps even more. It's all about VROOM VROOM VROOM! BARK! BARK! CRASH! BOOM! POW! PEW! PEW! VROOM VROOM VROOM! Does it get repetitive? Absolutely, but if you're enjoying it, who cares? Bugs, I haven't encountered any after 9 hours of gameplay. The game's physics are a bit crazy, little things will sometimes send your car flying. The environment, character and vehicle graphics are all pretty good."
76561198071775577,Recommended,234140,17859435,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Scorpion,If you liked the freedom of Assassin's Creed and just the sheer fun of Shadow's Of Mordor and if you like Mad Max then why are you not buying this game....jeez
76561198067920332,Recommended,234140,18031116,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Eraserhead,"drove around in the desert to find some guy looting a corpse by his car. Pulled the tire off his car, and stranded him in the Desert.Game allows me to have an excuse to blast Metallica while speeding through the desert.Game fulfills my fantasy of beating up albinos in the desert.Did I mention a ♥♥♥♥ ton of sand?10/10"
,Recommended,234140,19882267,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DiiVox,"My Game of the Year for 2015 Mad Max is a thrilling joyride through beautiful terrain with brutal combat, amazing car chases / races, and an authentic look inside the mind of madness. I bought the game at full price, 60 bucks, and got every penny's worth.Done by the Just Cause guys, the world is almost overly massive. I didn't get too deeply into Just Cause because I felt like there was just too much crap I had to do. It can get a little repetetive crawling around abandoned bases trying to find that last piece of scrap metal to fully complete an area, but it manages to do the GTA thing where its fun just to drive around. The Combat is lifted from the Batman / LOTR games, but this game definitely does the style the best of those 3 titles.It achieves the rarely achievable ""It's awesome to kill somebody every single time you do it"". Brutal crunching sounds and primal screams, awesome animations and satisfying finishers. I found myself getting out of the car and baiting dudes just so I could punch their faces with Max's spiked gauntlets.The Car, the Magnum Opus, is the real star of the game, and yes, you do level up Max, but the car is the real main character. So many times I was supposed to play for ""just a little bit"" and then I kept going because I wanted to get the next engine upgrade. Cleverly tied to clearing the map, the car upgrading system - and the fact that, there isnt a ""BEST"" configuration, just a configuration that best suits your style of play - is the main hook that will keep you coming back.At this point im taking a slow burn on finishing it completely because I love it that much. The game is like a 6 pack of high quality imported beer - as tempted as I am to chug the rest of it, I'll keep it for when I really need to have some fun.You know what part I was always terrible at in writing class? the conclusion"
,Recommended,234140,20392040,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mephis182,just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Recommended,234140,18183293,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,L E A Đ E R ™,"- After finishing this game , I would like to recommend it for every player that needs a fighting + Madness + Driving + Horror + Weapons + Story games . I'm confused where to start , but I believe it's one of the BEST games I've ever played ."
,Recommended,234140,35352068,Posted: 30 September,all,ActuallyFBI,Super Fun GamePros:Really well optimizedVery little bugsSuper fun combatSuper fun drivingController and Keyboard controls are great Controller is better in my opinionFun questReally cool atmosphereCons:Have yet to run into one
,Recommended,234140,18257546,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Doolittle.,"""M1, M1, M1, M1, M2, M1, E"" - Max's response to anythingI had tons of fun with this game, and played it to the 100% mark.As an affictionate of the backstory/movies I wasn't let down.If you donotwant to play it to full completion, the oh so bland grinding can be avoided.+The car combat feels great, even if some options for dealing damage as just not as viable as others.+The game runs beautifully, and is well optimized.+The World looks beautiful and is quite interesting.+Great overall atmosphere.+Nice character design-Ground combat feels dull and is just interesting if there is a lot of enemies. Upgrading Max's moves really freshens it up.-Car upgrades are often redundant or offer a too small improvement over each other.-No option to reset camps or even the entire world, making playing on with your buffed out Max impossible.-The plot is ""Meh."" with a lot of ""Oh come on!"",and the ending is garbage.V6/V8 notMediocre, but could use some improvements. Can recommend tho."
,Recommended,234140,30479493,Posted: 12 March,all,Zaayl,"Mad Max is at its core, a movie tie-in game, while that isn't to say ""its a abomination"" it does mean it borrows heavily from other games, as is the standard for them.Pros:-Gorgeous Level design and variety (The amount of visually distinct areas when all they had to work with was ""australian outback"" is downright impressive!)-Very cinematic combat and gameplay.-Incredibly in-depth ""capture mode"" for taking screenshots with a free-camera. (Combined with the first two, I like to describe this game as ""screenshot pornography"")-Lots of nods to the Mad Max films.-Good writing.-Every upgrade confers a visual upgrade (♥♥♥♥ing love games where upgrades arent just invisible stats. More ammo? Bigger pouches on max. Better upgrade speed? More tools on Chumbucket.)Cons:-Can be repetetive as hell.-Avalanche wants completionists to suffer for their sins-Copy-paste boss models.-That one ♥♥♥♥ing mission with the ""Big Chief""I do not reccomend getting this game if you plan for it to be the only game you are playing, its best played with breaks in between bouts, it makes for a great time killer between other games. I also recommend you come in with having seen all four Mad Max films, as its just not a ""original"" enough game to stand on its own without that. (In stark contrast to the films, now that I think about it.)Overral its a good game, filled with plenty of fan-service, and is a movie tie-in that isnt a utter disaster."
76561197969812675,Recommended,234140,25581795,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NISBRO,This game was great fun really enjoyed playing. Only encountered one error and that was the engine nois disappeard after going to the map then back to game. Sound would come back however as soon as you hit NOS.Lots to do but started getting the same after a while. I completed the first few zones but just skipped to the Main story missions to finish the game because the side missions got so repetitive.A bargain game on sale really. Graphics are quite nice and game play is ok.
,Recommended,234140,35289347,Posted: 29 September,all,MangoLover,"Absolutely love it, it has one of the best car combats I've ever seen. Great map with details, and a ton of customization available for both Max and car. Good story that is based on the original trilogy. Absolutely recommended"
76561197973966297,Recommended,234140,35389908,Posted: 1 October,all,Jah00R,"This is a hidden gem (a small one, but still a gem).Pros:- many things done just right (fighting, driving)- very good graphics (havent seen this good use of particles yet)- great environments- Mad Max climate- good level design diversityCons:- too many things to do and collect - 60% less junk and parts collection would have been enought- story driving - whilst the story itself isn't bad, the way its served is. For half the game you don't know what drives your main character. Cutscenes are vague, too short and not well directed"
,Recommended,234140,20555251,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Cocoabine,"7/10 - Where to begin.. Mad Max is an enjoyable game to play without thinking. Turn off your brain and shoot things, punch people, blow things up. Travel from one objective to another. I'll destroy this convoy, I'll blow up this scarecrow, I'll go to this location and pickup the collectibles. Do this repeatedly, this is Mad Max.The story is decent, but short and few inbetween it's roughly 30 hours of playtime (50 for avid completionists).The combat is similar to the Batman Arkham series so it's enjoyable enough.Driving: The car mechanics are poor and clunky; it's overall quite bad. The main enjoyment comes from upgrading both the car and Max, adding stronger attack/defence, weapon capabilities etc.The environments are bland and filled with nothing most of the time. Sometimes it's pretty to stop at certain locations and admire the sun setting or some mountains in the distance, but the majority of the time there's nothing, just sand and more sand.Overall the game is fun, yet contains heaps of tedious collectibles and does nothing new to push the open world genre forward. I'd say look into it, if you've exhausted better open world games before it."
,Not Recommended,234140,21220277,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nono5551212,"This had potential, but for me failed to live up to my expectations. Basically you are driving around performing the same 3 or 4 tasks, over and over with no incentive to do so.Here is a sandbox, let's put dots everywehere on the map, and when a user gets there, lets annoy them with cramped and unimaginative level design.The total lack of story and bad driving really ruined this game for me.Pros- Runs smooth- Nice graphics and character design- Easy to understand upgrade system- Water, Gas, & Food system was nice- Finding land mines with your dogCons- Cramped level design- Very Poor driving mechanics- Fighting was a bit boring and limited- No story at all(Build a V8 engine... That's the whole story)If you want a great sandbox game to play. Play 'Witcher 3 - Wild Hunt' it's awesome."
,Recommended,234140,25579648,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,[TSC] SneakyTigerZ,Worth the 10$ it costs now for sure.
76561198026375593,Recommended,234140,25451939,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,hotel_apocalypso,"I struggle to see why so many reviewers gave this game mediocre scores when it released last year, it's a good game."
,Recommended,234140,20026329,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Saikle,Awesome to the Max!
,Recommended,234140,18485716,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,The Holy Ghost,"Excellent graphics, Very optimized, Really big open-world, Best explosion and vehicle carnage, Great special effects and so many amazing locations to discover ! Post-apocalyptic game 8/10 ********A wasteland game that is heavily influenced by the movie of the year (2015), Mad Max: Fury Road. Though the main story doesnt exceed even the least of my expectations before the game's release but it delivers a vast open world with so many unique places to discover and pillage. Which happens to be the best part of the game.The main attraction of this game is the vehicular combat and the car customizing functionality. Learn to drive like a mad man to best your opponents in the desert wasteland and you will be visually rewarded with beautiful explosions and chaos. The combat style flows closely with the Batman: Arkham games ( made by the same developers ) but IMO: they made it much better and more violent like it should be. Experiment with all kinds of weapons you can find during a battle because they will never fail to amuse you. ( My favorite was the Thunderstick ). Setting aside the main quests, this game heavily relies on exploration and side quests. It may seem that the developers spent more time in designing the entire world than focusing on its story that reminds me of some other post-apocalyptic themed games I played before ( Fallout ).Bottom line is, this was an amazing hotseat video game that I could just turn my mind off to and relax."
76561197962168936,Recommended,234140,19953086,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,00th_Thundersnow,"Think Shadows of Mordor with kickass vehicle handling and an engrossing story that keeps you scrounging until the wee hours of the morning.It's a fantastic open-world sandbox game with a lot of graphical tweeks that let you play it if your computer is a little older.  I'm running it smooth without Anti-Aliasing, and a bunch of other stuff off and it looks fantastic."
,Recommended,234140,17865889,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,OldWorld,"I haven't played much so far, but I am VERY pleasantly surprised with the level of quality this game has. Made by the same people who created the Just Cause series, Avalance have pulled out all the stops. I was reluctant at first because whilst Just Cause 2 in particular had very entertaining gameplay, the story and replay-value was lacking. I'm happy to say this isn't the case for Mad Max. The graphics are phenomenal and the map is beautiful and vast. There is vehicle and character customization, as well as levelling. There is a story with numerous interesting characters, a huge number of side quests, a brutal combat system, and many different environments to explore. I am usually sceptical of games based on movies (even by name, if nothing else), but this stands alone as a wonderfully crafted game with a unique atmosphere, and you will often stumble upon places that give you a sense of how the world was like before the apocalypse. The game delves into details I wouldn't ever have imagined it would. You have a journal that contains details on every aspect of the world. The countless different enemies you encounter in the wasteland, the different characters, weapons, items, relics, and so forth.The one issue I have found so far, is that the game isn't particularly challenging. I haven't died once yet (apart from the one time I accidentally rolled off a cliff, but that's a story for another occasion), which I find disappointing. Whilst enemies oft swarm you in large numbers, Max is considerably stronger (even before levelling up), which means I feel overpowered even before I've begun. A difficulty level choice would be a welcome, welcome addition.So far, I'd give it an 8/10. Surprisingly atmospheric, in-depth, and enjoyable. I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,234140,22156333,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tek,"At the time of writing, I have 41 Hours put into this, and still got about a third of the game left to complete. Loving every minute of it.My belated game of the year for 2015. Gameplay's simple but extremely satisfying, combined with amazing post-apocalyptic atmosphere. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!One of the only games I've ever played that makes me want to 100% it. Despite the fact that this game has the ""Ubisoftian"" style of open world design, it's not like Assassin's Creed or Batman, where the world is filled with absolutely mind-numbingly boring activities. You drive around and visit decrepit locations, loot and collect scraps while sightseeing, beat up people with a satisfying Batman-like combat, maintain and upgrade your vehicle, run errands for Warlords and learn more and more about both Max and how the world turned into a wasteland. Everything is fluid, you go from one simple and satisfying activity to another. Not like AC or Batman where half the activities are clunky, time consuming and boring. Need scrap to upgrade car, drive around, find a camp, beat people up, reduce enemy presence in the region, take their scrap, upgrade car, need more scrap to upgrade further, rinse, repeat. Perfect and simple.One single unsatisfying thing exists in the game, which is disarming minefields. Gigantic speed-bump. Very annoying. But not at all mandatory, it just triggers my OCD if I leave them undone.Nobody hates the Ubisoftian design more than me. Seriously, I didn't even like Assassin's Creed 4. But Mad Max shown me that it can be done well.And I have to re-state how amazingly well done the atmosphere is. I will keep the studio behind this game on my radar, because it takes true talent to take the idea of a ""desert"" and flesh it out into such a complete, detailed world. It's actually way better than the movie (Fury Road) in that aspect. Fury Road was just a desert. In this game, you go through dried out seabeds, an uncovered volcano, abandoned highways, decrepit buildings, an airport buried in sand... It's beautiful.There's a host of cons, which would absolutely destroy a lesser game, but the fact that I don't care about them here is a testament to how good this game's core gameplay is.Pros:-A simplistic, Ubisoftian game design actually being executed well for once.-Near-perfect PC port. The only thing I can nitpick is that Anti-Aliasing is just a simple ""Yes"" or ""No"", despite there being many other highly customizable graphical settings.-Long, if you want to do everything.-Photo Mode allows you to pause the game and take pictures while noclipping. There's also a selection of post-processing you can apply before taking the picture.-Highly detailed atmosphere and game world.-Good voice acting.-Very satisfying action. Vehicular combat is powerful and explosive. Melee combat feel powerful and requires you to pay just enough attention to make it interesting. It plays just like Batman, but the amount of handholding is taken down by a strong notch, making you have to pay attention to your positioning and timing. The sound design also makes your hits feel much more satisfying than in the Batman games.-Style. Not sure what else to call it. There's a bunch of little things that make me feel good. Like the way Max behaves while interacting with the environment, being able to use the Harpoon for more things than you'd expect, the chest-mounted flashlight actually having it's uses, etc. etc.Cons:-The cars cannot be flipped. I can think of several good reasons why they made this decision, that go beyond the simple idea of ""handholding"", but overall it really takes away from the game. There's no risk to making bad jumps or driving through uneven terrain. In the end they should have found a way to make it work. It looks goofy, too.-There's no enemy variety, which holds a really big threat to the game's replay value, but not a fatal issue. Not to me, anyways. Even the bosses are all the same.-The game is overall on the easy side, so long as you pay attention.-The gotdamned minefields are so stupid, I swear to god. Play the game to see what I mean. It can't be put into words. A huge break in the action.-Max has a shotgun and there's enemy Snipers littered all over the world, yet gunplay is not actually a part of the game. Nobody else carries any fire arms. It would have been hard to implement firefights into the game, but I hope they consider it, if there's a sequel.-The soundscaping could have used some more work. The NPC that rides along with you constantly calls out events that aren't actually happening. ""THERE IT IS! THE MIGHTY DUSTER!"" he tells us, warning us of a mini-tornado that is nowhere to be seen. ""YONDER! A WAR PARTY!"" but not a single enemy unit anywhere.-The races are really dumb. Might have been an unfinished aspect of the gameplay that they didn't have time to flesh out. Or maybe it's an unwritten law of the Ubisoftian game design that your open world game needs some side-activities that nobody in their right mind would ever consider entertaining. Still, they're somewhat engaging at least and fast paced enough to not be a huge negative. Not to mention optional."
,Recommended,234140,18181600,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Traeger,"Mad Max is a great game if you love open world action games.The story was okay. Max himself is supposed to be this broken man who has given up on trust and others, which ties into his character. I found out that this made him more of a mundane character over an interesting one. He only begins to show interesting desire at the end of the game. The story kept me mildly interested most of the time.The gameplay is very fun. I was hesitant to get this game after hearing that it is repetitive, but I found that I experienced none of that. The combat is extremely satisfying in the Arkham style that so many games are copying these days, and the open world aspects are done well. The customizing of the Magnum Opus is fantastic, and I was always excited to get it upgraded further. The bosses were very dissapointing, with really only a few types of bosses reskinned over and over.This game is definitely worth the buy, but I found the main story was a bit shorter than I would have liked. If you don't only do story missions and actually take the time to complete the open world aspects, it works."
,Recommended,234140,17852550,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Outlaw_bradley,Graphics are amazingGameplay is amazingStory so far is amazingNeed i say more
76561197992701654,Recommended,234140,21618462,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KaironTheConqueror,"I never thought in my wildest dreams of 20+ in years gaming that we would reach the point where this exists. This is the absolutely most gorgeous game I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Not just wonderfully rendered and optimized, but the level of detail is staggering. I sincerely hope the content directors of this game were paid a hefty sum, because they certainly deserve all credit due. From random debris drifting along the dunes, to the licks of burning fuel dripping out of the exhaust, and sandstorms from the depths of Hades. Sand, grime, blood, oil, unholy amounts of rust befitting the utter collapse of civilization.Gameplay itself is quite straightforward and rewarding, yet punishing enough for an enjoyable challenge. Max's personal equipment and fighting skills are easy to level up. The somewhat grind comes in finding parts for your various vehicle outfittings. Though tearing through structures, war boys, and cars with the ""Magnum Opus"" will sate your urge for downtown road rage to be sure!You'll notice Max has an odd gait and brace on his leg. Combine that with the armor and equipment he has straped to him at all time, and the naysayers who complain about the platforming are just silly. Even if not permanent I really appreciate the effort taken to show persistent wounds and bruises as well.The storyline is great. Combine dehydration, malnutrition, lack of medicine, constant fear of being raided, with some good old exposure to the elements, and you can understand why most of the people you interact with don't have all their cylinders firing... if you catch my drift there.This is a faithful companion to the new Fury Road. The reboot seems to have a vastly more aloof and gritty personality for Max. As well as perhaps giving a nod to the realities of everything going to absolute hell: PTSD, survival of the fittest, empaty not having much signifigance because it's a luxury. This felt less like a game and more as an experience. You have to keep in mind George Miller created this story as a way of sharing what he lived through when treating victims of vehicular carnage while he was an emergency room doctor.A few points of minor complaint I had:-The dog and associated uses for it were nearly useless. Not sure if an afterthought or someone's ""pet"" project that never got the attention it deserved. Could have really made things interesting like a helpful attack dog, and/or sniffing out supplies. Not even once did mines ever pose a problem for me.-No deadly desert critters, or tasty lizards to roast? Missing out on the best parts of Australian outback there mates.-No ability to make my own war-boy possee complete with flamethrowing guitars of the metal gods? What gives Avalanche... what gives?9.8/10People think dog food is the lowest point of survival? I would have loved to see Max suffer through a can of Vegimite instead. LOL"
,Recommended,234140,25516643,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Barrett,"Here's my short form for a Steam product review:Bought the game when it was brand new for way more than the sale price now. I truly believe that this game is one of the greatest games to ever come based off of a movie, it comes really close to Batman but I feel this takes the prize.What I really love is that the game runs so smooth and the controls are near perfect for me, I had a blast playing through all the missions and I still go back on occasion to take the Magnum Opus out for a ride.Sales for this game have been amazing, the port runs really well with no issues at all, occasional glitches here and there. Other than that, great story, A LOT of replay value, and the movie was damn good too!Pick this game up for a low price and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,234140,17839158,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,PuNisHeR,I'm just here for the gasoline...
,Recommended,234140,17829508,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nameless,"I looked at the min specs last night and was pretty sad, I have a 660ti and thought ""well I guess my card is officially opsolete"". BUT I was really looking forward to this game and didn't really want to buy it on a console so I figured ""if it looks like garbage I'll just return it.""So I installed it and ran it for the first time, saw the opening cinimatic and it looked amazing. I figured ""must just be the cinimatics being prerendered or something."" So it ended and the game started and it looked amazing, I checked my settings and everything was preset at Ultra!!! I am blown away with the optimization of this port. I am consistantly at 60FPS and running at 1440P with Ultra settings on a card this old is just awesome!I only have a little bit of time in the game so I don't want to say much else about it yet other than so far the game is very fun and that the hand to hand sounds absolutely brutal (as it should). In fact, the sound in general is very nice so far.I will update this review after I am further along and can speak more on the gameplay aspects."
,Recommended,234140,18748257,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"7/10I enjoyed this game!Pros+ Excellent vehicle based combat. Especially convoy missions where you have to chase down and destroy a vehicle that's protected by other vehicles.+ Well-optimized. I'm playing on a laptop (i7, GT750M, 8GB RAM) and FPS is 45-60.+ Arkham-style hand-to-hand combat. If you've played the Arkham Batman games, you'll feel right at home.+ Interesting locations in the big world.Cons- Average story, but the main story mission builds to an exciting ending.- No real stealth gameplay. You will take out most enemies using combat, or by sniping from far.- Almost all the bosses you encounter are reskinned versions of the same model, and use the same moves.P.S.I played this game during Patch 3/4 and encountered no bugs yet. Some people have mentioned their map disappears, but it should be fixed after Patch 4. Whatever you do, don't modify game0.tab to try to fix the missing map, because apparently it causes some camps in the game to reset and get into a corrupted state."
,Recommended,234140,17867997,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Pipisones,A Hideo Kojima ga... wait a minute!
76561198314855935,Recommended,234140,30936645,Posted: 3 April,all,Sunset,"This is the first game I have finished on steam. It's really good at software optimization, weather system, special effects. But I don't think it is successful in story, it make the story very farfetched sometimes."
,Recommended,234140,18750261,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,FESSEF,"Definitely one of those rare movie games, pulls off the fun of driving around and combat. Customization of the Magnum Opus is great, but in the end you seem to end with the same car as most other's, guess that's why they have the Archangels though.Myself being a scrublord only had some trouble with some races, but still was eventually able to get the Legendary times for them, and every once in awhile during combat pulling off a counter didn't seem to register(which could of just been on my end[too many things running]).Overall, it's just a fun game that you can sink some hours into. Definitely worth a purchase if you enjoy action games, and even on lower settings it's still a beautiful game(but of course higher setting does make is shine)."
76561197990543347,Recommended,234140,19895421,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,warcatt00,"The one things some players I seen on you tube is they go in thinking this is fury road, but what was done is basicly they took aspects of the movies and did a outstanding story line of there own version for the lone wolf Max. The location is the bottom of a dried up ocean, it wasn't so much the ships giving me the clue but the coral and dried up sea weed as well. You have your rivle bandit gangs. You have your mission story lines, one of the things I did was wounder off on my own in the game, And yes, you can do that.Being a Stalker in the Zone from the stalker series, I am use to exploring and looking for salvege anyway. So this game comes home to that for me. The most outstanding thing in the game is the ability to asign key bindings. I use a speacle combat key layout compatable for many of my games that work in STALKER series, COD series, Elder scroll series, and the fall out series.And it is so refreshing to see I can also use that here. And the binding are split between the car and ground(foot) controls which is a sweet deal to prevent control conflicts. Driving can be a bit tricky, but I have discovered you do not have to fly at high speed all the time, speed can work against you. For example one of the cars chasing me from the grave yard was on me, but I turn right and left and it cause him to shake loose giving me enough room to lock up the brakes, he passed me, and I blew up him up by shooting his tank. They realy put serious thought to actuly plauseability car control. The positive I have been coming across so far in this game, I have no choice but to recomend it!EDITED 4/18/2016I had finished the game, I didn't care much for the death races, they really were not my thing. So really the only way I will do it, I have to be forced into it. SO... I was. The Stank Gum race I hated the most. You really have to configure that car. All the speed is not that answare, nor is all the armor. I used the wild hunt through the whole game, and I had it almost stripped down to a compleat stock car. You may get a bif time gap before boom, but that was all redundant. The key was how fast you can take out stank gum in the race. I had to finsh him off inside of a lap. So going into the second lap after passing the start line I defeated him. Then its like the game gets crazy.In the end the game is open for free roaming. Once I got my rewards of free roaming, I actully for got the fustaration of all that from stank gum to scrotuis. And was happy. I Kind of wish now I didn't do all them side missions I could have dodged, or find all them scrap locations. Its been very quiet. I have car jacked a few vehicles to add to my colection. Still do not bother with the death races. But you know what, I am good with that. Maybe I just pay it again and do some things different.My recommendation still STANDS..."
76561197980947439,Recommended,234140,17835548,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DaBigPanzer,"Totally love the game. Plays great, looks great etc...but my only issue is this: I PREORDERED THE F###### GAME SO WHERES MY RIPPER!?!?!?!"
,Recommended,234140,34200984,Posted: 12 August,all,Battle Buddhist,Ten times better than Fury Road.
,Not Recommended,234140,30310511,Posted: 4 March,all,AutumnJelly,Super repetitive. By the time I 100% two regions nothing much happens. Game story can be completed by 20 hours probably or something but the collecting takes stupidly long
,Recommended,234140,18604314,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mefisto,"Considering this game coming from a movie franchise, I was not expecting it to be something special. Luckly, I was wrong.Story/Campaign: Does a great job of exploring Max character as well as introducing other protagonists & antagonists in the game very well. Storywise, I would say very good(quite emotional, something very rare nowadays), especially in the end :)Sidequests/Details in the game: I was quite surprised how much attention was dedicated to designing different locations in the game, developers definetly put a lot of effort. Appart from main campaign you will have plenty of other missions to keep you interested in Mad Max playthrough. Completing campaign in addition to quite a few sidequests took me around 19 hours.Customization: Both Max & Magnum Opus(his car) can be designed as you wish. However, don't expect Need for Speed level of customization, the game offers you just enough to be very different from the rest of the wasteland.Optimization/Perfomance/Glitches: Luckly, have not faced any problems with that yet, even though I have pretty powerful PC plus I saw Biggi & Banzai ""breaking"" this game.From all that - Definetly recomend it, completely worth $30.EDIT: Mission for Jeet to blow up tunnel has glitched out for me, now the car which is needed for explosion does not appear, thus can't complete the task. Would be usefull to add replayability to the game."
76561198044385319,Recommended,234140,17825662,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Scruffy Jonjoe Wilkinson,"I think Warner Brothers learned there lesson after Arkham Knight, because this is one of the smoothest games I have ran on my computer.  It's also an amazing setting filled with crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's everything I wanted from a Mad Max game and more"
,Recommended,234140,20649768,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ƬΉΣMӨЦƧΣ ....,One of the best optimized games i ever played
,Recommended,234140,17866982,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,☭ Samoth ☭,Quenches my thirst for the wasteland as I wait for Fallout 4
76561198018680373,Recommended,234140,17912927,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Red Beast,"Play as the only Austrailian man in Australia, riding around in either a fully customized death machine or 29 other generic spikey VW Beetle lookalikes with the magical hunchbacked mechanic who worships transmissions while you beat down armies of psycho mutant/generic post-apocalyptic death cultists with your bare hands despite being a cripple.EDIT: Also, the main villians name is Scabby Crotch"
,Not Recommended,234140,34426025,Posted: 22 August,all,Siu-King**,"Don't be fooled by that OVERWHELMING POSITIVE.It's a beautiful game yes, great optimization, but it's generic & repetitive as hell.Combat - spam click your LMB, see a red sign? RMB. If you played Sleeping Dogs you get it.Story - well, not much there. as i said, VERY GENERIC, Max wants to get somewhere for something, and every step of the way some random setbacks happen and have to make a ""detour"" and ask for help (aka. fetch quests)Cars - Smash your car into bad guys' cars, shoot it with a harpoon occasionally, it would be satisfying if it is NOT SO EASY...the AI barely can fight back and you're just grinding basically.Loot - ""Scrap"". seriously? they didn't even bother to add a few more variety of loot...."
,Not Recommended,234140,28527604,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rektless,The majority of the content is repetitive and the game is lacking in actual missions. Picking up pieces of scrap metal all the damn time becomes incredibly tedious and the whole game is a grind.5/10
76561198124110220,Not Recommended,234140,32035881,Posted: 28 May,all,A lifetime of mistakes,"So much filler, so much empty gameplay.I can only spend so many hours clearing out bases of bad guys and driving across the map to get to a mission location before I just refuse to continue.I would be okay with this game if either the combat or the driving were very good, but they are both just passable.It is a visually beautiful game, and I am dissapointed I won't see the end of it, but I refuse to sink anymore time into this."
,Not Recommended,234140,25843117,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,"I liked this game to begin with, unique idea, highly customisable vehicles etc. I did love it, and i wish i still do. However theres a few things that reallly dissapoint this game-Its a generic grinder game to get the best gear-repetitive missions-NO CHALLENGE ONCE YOU HAVE THE BEST GEARThe last point is the main one. With no difficulty adjuster id seriously have no joy playing this game againLuckily i only picked it up for less than £5. NOT WORTH £25!!!"
76561198276667264,Not Recommended,234140,28457726,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[GER]Sixtus_Freebyte,"Well - the game is fun to a certain point. Crusing through the area, beat the sh*t out of enemies, advance your character and build a car which reflects your style of driving.But at the near end end of the story, all of your hours of collecting and building and experience were wasted time: you have to drive the ""race of the race"" with a crippled down version of your favourite car.Gave up after the 30thsomething retry (tried keyboard and controller), next game please!"
,Not Recommended,234140,29515512,Posted: 26 January,all,Sharpie,"Nothing special. I found it hard to finish.Played well - minimal bugs. However, it was boring and became very stale. I stopped doing all the side stuff and lowering threat just so I could finish this game and get it over with."
76561198029249931,Recommended,234140,18060259,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,rota,"It's the best time-waster on the market, you won't be smarter or emotionally touched by the end, but the atmosphere and the moment-to-moment gameplay makes up for everything. It's frantic FUN,"
,Recommended,234140,20869166,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Droptimus Prime,Started out kind of lame and cheesy but the story got more and more interesting as the game went on... had lots of fun toward the end. Definitely recommend anyone to pick this up.
76561198131201833,Recommended,234140,20363086,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Evil,"Mad Max is a greatly optimized, open world game packed with perfect wasteland atmosphere, badass car combat, Arkham-style melee combat, great car-character customization, and tons of places to explore.Did I mention that it has a ""capture screenshot"" mode? While you are beating the crap outta your enemy, you can pause for a bit and take a picture of their heads flying around.The only letdown : short story, frustrating jump mechanic where you can't jump to most of higher places even though it is not that high, not much of a soundtrack causing you to get bored easily because you are doing mostly same thing over and over again.8/10. Better than Arkham Knight."
76561197970425819,Recommended,234140,28794235,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crazy_Mayes,"Mad Max is by far one of the best games I have played in a while. It has stunning graphics, intense car and melee combat scenarios, limitless customization options, and an unforgiving wasteland environment.This game is a lot of fun, and anyone who is a fan of Mad Max and the world inspired by the movies should enjoy this game. It's not groundbreaking or revolutionary in any way, but if you like being immersed in the Mad Max wasteland world, then this is the game for you.At £5.43 in the Steam sale this is serious BARGAIN! Don't miss out.░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░████████████████"
,Recommended,234140,23888212,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Silverdraggin,"I don't have witty advice or deep reviews.  All I can say is it's 1 of 3 games I saw the credits on in 9 years.  So I suppose that says something doesn't it?I played the game casually and overall the feel when in car combat or driving across the world felt nice and gritty.  Sound and graphics are fantastic.  The boss fights (at least on the easiest setting) were always the same, so I didn't come here for the boss combat.  I came here to live in the world of Mad Max and awesome cars and I got exactly what I asked for."
,Recommended,234140,20497390,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Shoshon,"Sadly overlooked due to stupid release timing against MGS:V. Fairly large open-world game with fun side content and an interesting progression system via your car, stronghold upgrades, and your character of course.+A lot of different upgrades.+Good amount of content.+Combat is fun (subjective, but it feels meaty to me).+Very well optimized+Beard upgrades-Game seems very easy, even without combat upgrades I rarely had a problem.-Can be grindy in parts trying to get ""scrap"" for upgrades.-Don't see much reason to use other cars.-Only 3 lengths of beards"
,Recommended,234140,17840747,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Young Metro,"I didn't even know this was a game unit this morning when I saw a friend playing it. Anyways I'm glad I bought it.Graphics, gameplay, story. Everything is awesome. This is honestly the first game I've enjoyed in quite some time and I can't wait to keep playing it. If I could I would rate 10/10, but I'll just go ahead and give it a thumbs up!Definatly play this game right now!"
76561198064895192,Recommended,234140,28476436,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,412991 (numbers),"I really like this game. The graphics are stunning,the story is awesome,the customization is just perfect,this game really makes you feel like you're Max. Tho the story is rather short,it still gives you a lot to work,all the side missions are more then enough to keep you busy. Worth the money,worth the hours played. 9/10"
,Recommended,234140,25695039,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dutchie,"I bought this game for 10 bucks in the steamshop. I have seen some twitch streams about the game, but I never paid too much attention to it.I expected the game to be very linear, storymode kinda game. It is not. It is an open word and it pretty much blew my mind by how much there's to do.You can follow the missions (and there are many) and do that linear straight-ahead mode, or you can just take a break from them and do things to please your allies (like clearing out minefields, the dog is an awesome addition), and also just build your car(s) and characters more.So far I have 26 hours in it and I am far from done. I still have to finish the main missions, still have some sidemissions to do and still have to clear out some bases and so on.Pro's:Open worldPlethora of missionsAwesome graphicsDiversityCon's:Some missions can be broken (had to google for a fix for 1)Overall its a great game, well made and brings a lot of variation."
76561198052325510,Recommended,234140,25514110,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ragjan,"The story of a broken man...Mad Max is a third person singleplayer action game which takes place in a post-apocalyptic version of Australia - After humanity burnt through it's resources, such as water and oil, chaos enveloped the world and let to the downfall of society, passing the power to warlords who were able to force as many of the remaining resources under their control as possible.It's needless to say that this is a cruel and merciless society - And the game manages to convey the feeling of this pretty darn good! If this setting genereally intruiges you, you should check out the Mad Max movies which inspired this game - they are purchaseable on the steam page as well!Now to the game itself: Mad Max is a game which lays a strong focus on racing and car driving, as well as brutal melee combat. Personally I don't like racing games, but somehow this game managed to make the expection... Wether due to many costumization options or due to the general set up - I found the racing/driving to be very enjoyable. The quests were fun and varied enough for up to 30 hours but got repetetive after this point, mostly due to the large focus on the quicktimevent based combat for which I had to use the same pattern over and over again - this was fun for the first few hours and felt really forceful and good, but bored me after a while due to it's simplicity.The main quest is unique and interesting enough to keep you playing and there are plenty of rememberable characters aside of the main character Max - who is a broken man with almost nothing to live for. All characters are strongly influenced by this harsh and unforgiving universe, which made them more remarkable if you'd ask me.The graphics of the game were of a good quality and the game preformed really well on my computer, with no crashes and no framedrop throughout my entire playtime... The voiceacting was supherb and the soundtrack underlined the most stressful and important parts of the game well enough!All in all I would recommend Mad Max to anyone whos taken an interest in racing, hand to hand combat and post apocalyptic games... If you don't like cars or (partly repetetive missions/combat) but the whole setting intruiged you, you should check it out - If you don't enjoy it after playing for an hour you should probably get a refund..."
,Recommended,234140,18955549,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Prismer,"As far as open world games go, this one is amazing. Standard, but the formula is solid and fun, so it works. Critics say it's a open world game filled with pointless stuff to do (collectibles and such), and be warned - it absolutelly is. However, it's really fun regardless! If you enjoy stuff like Far Cry, or Assassin's creed type open world games, then I'm sure you're going to enjoy this."
,Recommended,234140,17919299,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SerialChiller,"My initial impression was really good. It was everything i expected it to be and so much more, but as i continued playing, i started feeling a bit disappointed, there were no bikes, no big rigs, no epic huge car chases, and while the car stuff is really fun on its own, it just doesn't really capture that epic mad max car chase spirit.Furthermore, the whole game feels like it was made out of a demo of a much bigger game. This is either some really small team that was working on it or they had a very limited budget or only worked on this game part time. Like for example, every single boss fight you fight the same exact boss, the same moves and tactics and even the same 3D model (although later on it gets 2 other 3D models to mix things up a bit but its still the same moves and everything), later on they introduce another boss that is different, but it also gets reused multiple times with a different 3D model, i think it gets used 3 times in total, the rest of the boss encounters are the same guy you had to fight from your very first boss encounter.So all in all you got like, 5 enemy types that are reskinned for every faction, 1 playable vehicle type, 2 boss types, 5 or 6 types of activities littered all over the map. While those things are awesome the first few times you do them, after some time it becomes repetitive, joyless grind, especially sh*it like finding/disarming minefields, and you have to do them all in order to unlock the car part you need.While at its core the gameplay is solid and mostly fun, there's a lot of things that are a not completely thought through by developer.For example, the game has a jump feature, but nothing to jump on or over, there is no platforming and the jump isn't high enough for it to be of any use. Often times you end up not being able to jump over objects that are at your knee height, and there's no climbing feature that could be combined with the jump to get on top of high objects, you can only climb things marked for climbing.There's also a knife, that you can only use once.... yeah like you stab someone and the knife disappears, having you scavenge for a new knife every time you kill a guy. There are upgrades that extend your ammo belt capacity and that also lets you have more knifes, so you end up walking around with a collection of knifes, why not just have one knife that never disappears after a kill instead of carrying 9437583 knifes with you, this is the most bizarre game design choice i have seen in a while.No matter how much you max out your car, its still week and slow as sh*it. You can have your engine maxed out but you will still have a hard time catching up to enemy cars and you will never be able to outrun them. You can add all the armor and spikes and turn your car into a barely moving tank, but they will still be able to knock your car's health by more than half in just one side ram, it feels like everything you do to make your car formidable is futile, you might just steal one of their cars and drive that instead.By default, the game has this really nice survival element to it, you have to scavenge for food, water, gasoline and ammo to survive in the wasteland, but than you get to upgrade your stronghold and this is where all this neat survival stuff gets thrown out the window. Once you get to one of your strongholds, it automatically refills your health, water, car, ammo belt. you no longer have to scavenge for anything when you are running low and finding stuff like water or gas cans no longer has that joy to it because you already have an unlimited amount of it, this is essentially like using a cheat code.Speaking of stronghold upgrades, there's this one upgrade called stockpile, it costs a lot and it literally does nothing, you waste all your money that could have been used to pimp out your ride, on a thing that has no function in the game.And if we are speaking of wasting money, you cant just buy whatever upgrades you want for max and his car even if you already did the missions to unlock them, gotta waste money on all the crap ones before them first to be able to buy the ones you need.You gotta grind a lot to get it, random scrap(money is called scrap in this game) that enemies drop or you find in looting locations only give you like +2 +5 scrap, and you need 4100 of it to get that fancy V8 carburetor for your car. You waste countless hours and hours chasing after cars and looting random villages, that you could have used to actually play and enjoy the game. It's like one of those sh*itty ""free"" to play mobile games where you have to pay micro transactions to get game coins to be able to progress faster, only this game has no micro transactions and you are stuck with the free to play part of it.Than there's also this thing where for whatever reason, to perform an action you have to hold down E (or whatever button you assign) instead of just pressing it once. I would understand it for actions that take time like breaking doors open, but why the f*ck did they think its a good idea to make you hold E for every single action such as picking up an a weapon in the middle of combat, its so frustrating. and than there's the ridiculously tiny distances you have to be from a thing to perform an action, you can be standing right on top of a weapon but nope you cant pick it up till you move one pixel closer, its also very frustrating in combat.The combat is good and very fun for the most part, i never got bored of it but even that has its problems.The camera will often times position itself in ways that leave you blind to whats going on around you, getting lots of cheep shots from the enemies offscreen, attacks that you never see coming.The game has sort of an element of sneaking up on the enemies, but it doesn't really work because they always somehow get alerted before you are close enough to silently execute them, its like as if they have some 360 vision or something, i only managed to sneak attack once in my entire playthrough. And also things like you turning on your flashlight in the middle of a dark room when you are standing behind enemies, does not alert them, just goes to show how much thought they put in this too.The car combat is pretty fun too, although the game has a problem with input delay that prevents me from fully enjoying the car part, and that is a real shame because mad max is all about the car chases and stuff.The game has racing in it but it too had little to no thought given to it, the enemy drivers will fail to keep up with you and you will always end up driving alone with no one to rival you, but somehow you will still barely have time to make it to the finish line.There are some serious technical problems with the game as well, such as a strange and very noticeable input delay on everything, while its not really a big deal and wont hinder your gameplay experience on foot, driving is another story and this is where it feels the most. It ruins the driving experience and makes some of the missions and cars borderline unplayable and undrivable.Bugged missions, events that fail to trigger making you stuck and sometimes even having redo the whole thing.The story was terrible for the most part, the writing was bad and if you don't do the optional missions, the characters will still act like you did, leaving you clueless on what is going on. The story itself is really short and it artificially lengthens the game by forcing you to do all these repetitive ""go here, do that"" things, until it lets you progress further with the story.So all in all, at first i was mind blown but than the game slowly turned into a joyless repetitive grind. The game is fun and its solid enough in general even with all the bugs and weird game design choices, but if you wanna get the most enjoyment out of this game, only do the main story missions and only do all the side quests if the main story missions forces you to do them."
,Recommended,234140,28786351,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Clor,Honestly one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing.
,Recommended,234140,17838666,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nikita,"First impression:Really good actually. Didn't expect to enjoy the game as much as I do so far. The atmosphere is great. The visuals, audio/music and voice acting are great.  They've captured the world of Mad Max perfectly. Good driving mixed with Arkham Asylum combat and some survival game aspects. Fun.On a technical side, this game is the best PC port this year. A gazillion graphical settings and in has rock solid frame times no stuttering and great performance at 4k. It's a shame this game came out on the same day of MGS V. It deserves much more attention that it will get.Will update once I am several hours into the game.EDITED: After 30 h of gameplay I can safely say that I am still really enjoying the game. Upgrading the cars is fun. The gameplay mechanics, while simple, do their job. The atmosphere is pure Mad Max. I can see myself spending a lot of time with this game."
76561198148340810,Recommended,234140,19243230,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Winston Churchill,One of the Best Games I have played in 2015!! Rates #1 from how much fun I have on it and how string and epic the story is. 10/10!!
,Recommended,234140,18079095,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Rebel,"Very fun game, runs smooth, and plenty of stuff to do in the game."
,Recommended,234140,18073138,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Tumbleweed.exe,Water heals wounds.
,Recommended,234140,17951759,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vanzen,"I usually don't go for games based on movies, but this is an outstanding well executed fun game i haven't been able to put down. Feels like the movie, expands on the Mad Max world, the art, models, feel, everything IMHO is great and engaging. Very recommended!"
76561198006663199,Recommended,234140,18008560,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,L0RD VADER,"My name......is Max...well not really..it's Vader.. but this game really does make you feel like you are... this is GTA after the apocalypse as far as game play is concerned.. And just when you get bored of having to drive for miles,, jump in a balloon in each region so you can fast travel there next time.... and just when you get bored of having to jump outta your pimped ride of death to go pick up the scrap from the ppl you death farted on,,, yes,, you can collect parts so others do it for you... and yes ,,just when you thought you would have to stay logged on to collect the scrap,,,NO... you can collect all the lovely 'game play money' whilst not logged on...and just when you thought you were being driven mad by the combat 'bullet time' ,,, you realise it actually helps,,so you dont miss all the bone crunching mayhem,,, and that you are actually mad,, your name IS Max Rockatansky,,and you will never get bored of your fury rage fighting style and every new move you gain (if you chose) when you lvl up,,complemented with all sorts of power slams,, punches to the throat and cutting off of ears...and if you did'nt like the almost endless car chases of mayhem in the movies,, then why the **** did you watch all 4 of them?!!!! because this is what is going on here in the game if you want it to happen,, with an insane amount of vehicles to use,, modify like you would in a dog food eating world of survival... it really feels like you are surviving in it...just ask my ex-girlfriend... after modifying her Fiat Punto to help her on her death race to work everyday,, she now says she is sick and tired of being pulled over by the cops for having a lvl 5 harpoon attached to the back of her car,, spikes sticking out of her wheels and some deformed maniac who calls himself Chum Bucket screaming insane encouragement of destruction at her from the back seat (basically your kids during the 'school run')the story line is as realistic and brutal as your new world may be if the world goes to ****.. in this world you can have your dog food and eat it... you can super charge your ride to have 700+ fire breathing horsemen of doom,,, you can use your family dog to help dissarm a mine field... because YOU ARE ..Max....or atleast i am... you are just some mental weirdo pretending to be Max..oh and the graphics are awesome too.."
,Recommended,234140,17958680,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ra'Senché,"to Me this is almost exacly what i expected from a Mad Max game.fun car combat for the length of the game with the grapling hook and ramming an stuff and later on the Thunderpoon, only reall downside to this is that theres a large change your just gonne dance around the enemy cars insted of wrecking them XD.the on foot combat is pretty basic arkham style but a lil bit heavyer, which for someone who isnt really into those kind of fighting games is pretty good and easy to get a hold of.the story is a Mad Max story, not much of it but hey Max doesnt talk much and hes not a sillent character.at the start of the game your more likely to try an avoid contact because your car is just weak. which i find fine.love the Engineer.only thing i really don't like is that once you open up the top halve it feels like the story is trying to rush to the finishline which made me feel like i have to just grind for parts.Which could just be solved if they increased the scrap amount you get by even just 1 or 2.even after finishing the game i needed about 10k more scrap to get the last view achievements (with the exception of one) and that just didnt add up to me as i collected everything and the only thing to do was wait in or out of the game for strongholds to earn me scrap or grind out a view hunderd heavly armord cars an hope for storms.also while i played theres a bug that can turn your storm into a never ending one (till you die) or storms start in the middle of a time race which makes the race imposible to do properly.Performance wise it rocked.to sum up.i apsolutely loved my time with the game till my 50th hour it ruled.but it can feel like a grind sometimes as the story is pretty thin. which could be fixed it the amount of scrap per piece gets slightly increased.its a great 40-60h game if you this is the kind of thing you enjoy and want to try an collect everything.if you just want it for the story its alot shorter and i think alot less wurth it.PS: Achievement hunters be ware, keep an eye on the Legend tab and its challenges throughout the game some are almost imposible to do at the end, or just a really time taking grind be cause i lowerd the spawn rate to much. -theres an achievement tie'd to the non repeating once."
,Recommended,234140,17844064,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Booral King,영화기반 이 게임이 구리다고?이번엔 완전 다르게나왔다! 롸끈한 엔진의 소리 폭발! 폭력! 마력! 8기통!  진짜로 발할라로 갈수있다!! 우아아아아아!!!
,Recommended,234140,17911517,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,376-622-93511-64-Theta,"Sooo good game, but she burn my GPU Memory :(10 burn videocards / 10"
,Recommended,234140,17868074,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Epic_Cookie,You can grow a huge beard and punch the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of white kids10/10 would australian lumberjack batman again
76561198070913675,Recommended,234140,18278661,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sup4ik,"+* Racing on wasteland* The bloody and violent fights* Built-in browser postapokalipsis* Charming minor characters and a strong finale* Stunning storm-* Repetitive tasks and other classic problems of open world games* Too easy fight - except for some* Survival in harsh conditions - fictionConclusion :The MAD MAX can eat larvae, blow up convoys for hours to drain gasoline from the canister. What is - then it makes the roof that - that ubiysvenno boring. Decide what.+* Гонки по пустоши* Кровавые и жестокие драки* Встроенный постапокалипсис навигатор* Обаятельные второстепенные персонажи и сильный финал* Потрясающие бури-* Повторяющие задания и другие классические проблемы игры с открытом миром* Слишком легкие драки - за исключением некоторых* выживание в тяжелых условиях - фикцияВывод :В МАД МАКС можно есть личинок, взрывать конвои и часами сливать бензин из канистр. Что - то из этого выносит крышу, что - то убийсвенно скучно. Сами решайте, что именно.Оценка   7,5"
,Recommended,234140,19702167,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Vondur,"What a ride it was! The best game of 2015 for me. Smooth gameplay, total abscence of bugs and other usual annoyances. Huge world to explore. Story that makes you want to complete it. Fine combat as melee as gunned. Desert done totally awesome including time of the day change and all other little details of environment. Car becomes your lover over time. Especially after so much upgrades. The game engine is totally awesome, all materials, models and all make it seamless world in which i wanted to get lost. The atmosphere of the game made me want to return to this world again and again.Recommended for true desert walkers! :)p.s. 50 hours of gameplay, and i didn't explore everything yet. story is finished though."
,Recommended,234140,20573448,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SimpaN,10/10 would visit Australia again.
,Recommended,234140,20937644,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Wicked Mouse,"My name's Max...Fans of the old and new movies alike will instantly recognise the setting and (art)style, largely copied from the third movie (Fury Road). You play the protagonist Mad Rockatansky, or ""Mad Max"", in a post-apocalyptic wasteland at some former coast of Australia, looking for his homeland which he mysteriously calls ""the Plains of Silence"". Already at the start of the game, in the intro, he gets robbed of his V8 car ""Interceptor"" and posessions and over the coarse of the game he tries to get back his car (or build a new one as he soon discovers), avenge the man responsible (Scabrous Scrotus) to then continue his journey. On his way he encounters the many War Boys of Scabrous Scrotus, and a fellow war lord Stank Gum with his War Boys, and also some allies whos help he can use all too well.A beautiful desertThe graphics in this game are pretty well done and optimised. Although of course this game is not full of lush bushes, animals and other stuff that can burden your graphics card a lot, it still feels like a beautiful vast outstretching desert full of artifacts of a past history that runs really well and smooth. Scattered around the landscape you find, next to rock formations and tire tracks, the remnants of a lost world: rusty shipwrecks, former oil drill platforms, crumbled bridges, ruins of factory buildings, docksides, harbour cranes, so on and so forth, reminding of a life long gone where there was still plenty of water and food to go around. Collectibles scattered throughout the world will hint you to it and what might have happened.It's a fun driveSo how does it play? After meeting your first few characters you find yourself quickly driving around a LOT in your newly acquired ride looking for scrap, the main currency in the game. Scrap is used to upgrade your car, lovingly called the 'Magnum Opus' by Chumbucket whom you meet at the start of the game and likes to express everything in a religious but car related fashion, and scrap is used to unlock some abilities and gear on Max. By completing activities like achievements, do x times this or x times that, or races you will earn Griffa tokens. These can be spent when you visit Griffa to upgrade some perks. These perks will add extra scrap ontop of what you pick up, or makes you consume less fuel, et cetera.Of combat in this game are two kinds: on foot and in the car. That's right, car combat! Early in the game Chumbucket will fabricate a harpoon for you on the car that enables you to rip off doors, tires, bumpers or snatch the driver right from his seat! Despite the limited tools you get for the car to use, car combat in this game is the most fun. Chasing down Scrotus' convoys going high speed, picking off cars left and right watching them tumble and turn into big balls of fire (Michael Bay would approve!) feels exhilarating!On foot the combat is much the same like the Batman games, for those familiar with it. Max can pick up a few weapons but they always have a (very) limited lifespan. This can be elongated by the perks at Griffa, but you'll generally be fighting with your fists. Even the little shivs Max carries can only be used once for a finisher and not always be looted back from the corpses. Max also carries a shotgun, but the ammo is rather limited, even with all upgrades unlocked. All-in-all the combat in the beginning feels powerful, it feels as if more could have been done to make it more interesting and less repetitive in the long run. Every boss fight of the Top Dogs in the world is almost completely the same and requires no imagination. Once you figured out one, you know how to beat them all. Such a pity!Story wise this game is as dry as the world it plays in and as shallow as the water collectors. There is very little character development, of either Max or anyone he encounters. Then again, Max is a rather selfish man with little empathy for others. At least that's what he wants to make himself believe. Griffa, the fella Max visits to upgrade his perks every now and then, sometimes puts question marks at his deeds to make him rethink, but that's about all the hints Max (and the player) gets.TL;DRThe game is a good looker, runs very well, and fun to play if you like to drive an aweful lot through miles and miles of desert land in a world fueled by the atmosphere from Mad Max: Fury Road. Car combat is most fun, combat on foot is a little too familiar and not much depth. Story is very short and paper thin I'd say, compared to games like Witcher 3. If you like the car bit, it can be worth your money. If you seek something full of story and rich hand-to-hand combat, you will be disappointed."
76561198061519726,Recommended,234140,25548571,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ᛋᛋ Basilikon,Yeah not bad 10/10 would Vtec again!
76561198214592032,Recommended,234140,24400022,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,phillipshead,"Picked this up when it was on sale, and probably wouldn't otherwise. It's an enjoyable romp, but it's not without its flaws.PROS:* Non-vehicle combat is pretty fun, even frustrating at times, for the right reasons.* Vehicle combat is similarly fun and occasionally frustrating. You'll find quick though that both of the above get kind of repetitive, and the difficulty spikes up and down for a lot of areas/missions/whatever.* There's usually something to do. You can spend time on side quests and exploration for quite a while before needing to progress, plus there's random(ish) events.* Strongly reminiscent of the Batman games, both in the way it's presented and how the ground combat is... well, basically identical to Batman, let's not kid ourselves there. But that's a good thing!* Everything's well animated. Everything feels crisp. Overall it's just a pretty game that's well-optimized and has plenty of customization. You will find yourself thinking ""that was pretty cool"" a lot.*Admittedly, the level design in the enemy forts is pretty solid. You might spend a while in one looking for everything after you've cleared it out. But that also brings up the first con...CONS:* Repetitive... stuff. You might find yourself bored at times just because, yeah, while there's a lot to do, this isn't exactly a scenic environment we're talking about here. In otherwords, the novelty wears off.* Characters aren't all that interesting. However, they have plenty of spoken dialogue, and the acting itself isn't bad, they're just all kinda one-sided.* The mine field side quests are annoying, especially because you *have* to bring your pupper, and you *have* to bring a certain vehicle to bring him. The range at which he detects mines just feels off, and it just seems more like a chore than a minigame.* The level-ups on Max himself... well, they feel like they don't really do much. They're so minor you kinda don't notice them.NEUTRAL:* The whole survival element is cool, but never very threatening. Food is just your health, water is pretty easy to come by, and fuel you can keep spare tanks of in your trunk (and they're plentiful).All in all, pretty fun game, might revisit since I never finished it."
76561198079393790,Recommended,234140,25552079,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tarquin,Ate maggots out of a rotting corpse and replenished my health10/10
76561198023017180,Recommended,234140,27711847,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ollyO,"good game overall, nice graphics,huge plot and storyline, worth the golden nuggets parted for many hours play, ive had it for a while now and ive battered it and still got nowhere the end it seems, so if you want a game to get deep into with plenty of action ...max is ya man.ive nominated it just for size and gameplay as well as the graphics."
,Recommended,234140,28338865,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jambaban,i need mel gibson version
,Recommended,234140,28452429,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Scholomance,"Beautifully-crafted world with rich background and immersive environment.All locations, including camps, environments and scavenging spots are unique with distinct features and often filled Historical Artifacts which provide some immersive backstories.Characters have the iconic Mad Max-isque vibe and have strong, interesting personalities, often providing much immersion and insight into the Mad Max world. The Angel of Combustion be praised!Ground combat is smooth and engaging, carefully timed counters and well-executed combos are very rewarding (much more so than Batman, for those who have played WB's Arkham series).Some downsides to note:1. Gameplay gets very repetitive in the end, especially if you focus on clearing sidequests and scrap locations.i) Other than hunting for scraps and hitting camp objectives, there are not much to do during exploration. While immersive, there are nothing interesting to interact with (always the same old water filter, scrap, Dinky-D's lying around etc) and requires the players' own imagination to fill in the gaps in the rich world left by the developers.ii) Car combat is kind of disappointing - enemy tactics are as follows: bang you till you die one way or another + some cars can drop mines + some cars can lit themselves up and attempt to blow you up. That's it. 90% of enemy cars (who can't drop mines or lit themselves up) will only use the same tactic over and over.iii) All camp bosses are just re-skinned versions of the same enemy - a heavy weapon-wielding brute the size of a half-giant, with identical HP, fighting style and weaknesses. One of the total let-downs of the game.2. The developers don't want you to feel that this is a racing game and they are doing a good job at it. Seriously - you are driving half of the time and they don't even throw in a speedometer for your cars. The only way any driving/racing or car combat sequence can be interesting is when it happens during one of the freak thunderstorms during the game.3. Some annoying issues such as not being able to keep your current car when Fast Travelling (always reverts to the Magnum Opus - this makes mine clearing missions with the weak buggy absolutely tedious); game not telling you which cars have what ability (spent a long time to figure out which buggy can spot mines);4. Some serious FPS drops when walking around in camps and strongholds, even at low graphic settings with good PC.Tips to enjoy:1. Finish the main quests first to unlock all upgrades for your magnum opus.2. Don't try to clear all sidequests (incl. scrap locations, scarecrows, minefields etc) at one go, it will make the gameplay extremely tedious and kills the fun.3. The real fun happens when driving through thunderstorms - try actively hunting for them!4. This is not a RPG nor racing game, so don't expect them to be such.Currently on Steam for a low low price, recommended purchase."
76561198040827746,Recommended,234140,25520871,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,joejara,An over optimized underated gem. Breath of fresh air to see a game run so easily and smoothly and look as good as it does.
,Recommended,234140,18379134,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kermit,"Wow! what an amazing game. It really feels like a mix between Fallout with it's post apocalypse survival and like any good driving game out there with it's good driving mechanics and upgrades that you can actually feel a difference with. I gotta say 8/8 from me! Lot's of people talk about there being loads of bugs, but all I've found are maggots. (it's a joke) The only bug I have found though is that I can't get into chumbucket's hideout in gastown. I wanna make his repair skill faster but it won't let me put my harpoon on the weak door outside!"
,Recommended,234140,17983958,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dr. Isaac Grey,could use an option to replay the game with everything you've unlocked and does get somewhat repetative if you're not a hard core post apocalypse fan. lot's of grinding involved and very limited replayability.
,Recommended,234140,17890604,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The skeleton in your closet,"Solid 8 or 9 out of 10, the melee combat is what brings it down from a 10 because it's yet another 2-button batman/shadow of mordor style thing.That said, the rest of the game is absolutely great. Fast cars, big explosions, vast world. Everything a Mad Max game should have.Also it runs smooth as silk on every pc I've tried it on, best optimization ever."
,Recommended,234140,20336632,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Chilling_Chua,"tl;dr:surprisingly fun and atmospheric game which does a lot of thing right because it doesn’t reinvent the wheel but gets repetitive in the mission and side-activity designfulll reviewhereas it's too long ... againpro:you get thirsty just by driving in the wastelandNPCs are awesome and right up the Mad Max standard of nutjobsgood voice acting in the english version (can’t tell for others)proven/familiar combat system (Assassin’s Creed/Batman) but with some improvementsthe car is the main character of the gameno instant game over when your car is wrecked while drivingfuel consumption system for carsquite a few different enemy car types in combathood ornaments (i.e. a gutted teddy bear gives defence bonus)most camps have a second entry point to avoid ramming down the front doorvery limited ammo capacity, so no cover based gunfightssome choices in the story were not as expected … feared even ;)neutral:fuel consumption system is not needed after a bitvery few copy & paste models for side queststhe main story is just the normal Hollywood effort, don’t expect too much overallviewing point system to get area map (at least they match the setting)controls need to get used to (wasted quite a few canteens as “refill” and “ignite” are position based on the same controller button)cons:Max is quite boring compared to the NPCscamera issues, especially during fights (car & hand to hand)need a specialized car with a dog for one specific task onlythe same races have to be completed with different cars to get all rewardsrepetitive mission design (drive there, kill this, collect this)Chumbuckets lines get repetitive after some timeStronghold rebuilding .. you guessed it: repetitivewater is just another healing resource, no consumption over time even in the desert"
,Recommended,234140,17840796,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,.Ż. Dathus [BR],"Very good, if you saw the movie fury road, and played fallout so will love this game.Is like a Fallout with cars and 1 or 2 bullets.There is some bugs (Of course day 1), Like the harpoon that can't be fired to a car.The only problem is that it is a bit short, Complete story in 30 hours (I have max with all upgrades maxed out)9.8/10"
,Recommended,234140,17840896,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CalebsaurusRAWR,Great Game. 10/10 GOTY
76561198200468137,Recommended,234140,17840262,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mattyp999,The map is not 'finite'? you die pretty much straight away? why lie about it? or fix it. dissapoiting
76561198015805318,Recommended,234140,17888941,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Karvoc,"Played it through, only things left are to get some cars I am missing from my collection and finish up some “death races” with full reward. This game is worth the coin as it gave me 50+ hours of game play easy. One thing is to make sure you nick as many cars as you can early on as they start to become harder to find as you clear a zone of its many nasty’s."
76561198138213644,Recommended,234140,17886454,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,vimfuego2000,"I was a little bit concerned that my machine might be under-specced for a game of this magnitude, being that I only have a GTX660, but I switched the GPU Tweak into its game-mode and the only performance issue I have noticed thus far is an ever-so-slight-so-as-to-almost-be-unnoticable jitter in some of the cut-scenes. When I checked the in-game settings, I was happy to see that the default High setting was in use, but - even more astoundingly - it was also running at 2560 x 1600!I've noticed a couple of bugs in the sound; Sometimes you get back into your car and race away, but the car noises are muted. They're there, but only at 10% volume. They come back eventually; Comments on missions play randomly even after the mission is complete; but overall, the sound is pretty great. The music moves with the action, without dominating. The car sounds are nicely done, with lots of variance for the different machinery. The voice acting for the main characters is well done, with ability seeming to coincide with the level of the characters' importance.The playability is slightly marred by two things: The camera, and the vehicle controls. The camera is controlled with the right thumb stick, but you also need to use your thumb for fighting moves. I've had a couple of bad experiences where I've been backed into a wall and the viewpoint hasn't allowed me to see what is going on. It's cost me a few crucial hits at times. The car controls share a bit of the camera grief too at times, although only at low speeds, but my main frustration is with the steering. It takes forever to re-center, let alone swinging to opposite lock to catch a slide. If you let go of a steering wheel irl, it will (read: should) automatically rotate to the direction of the car's travel, and quickly - it may, in fact, over-rotate, which is where over-correction and spins happen, but that is for another type of game engine. Max seems to work the steering at the same geologic time-scale whether moving at 10 or 210kph. Maybe that's something to do with the car's 'handling' stat, I don't know yet. I'm still rolling around in The Jack, so maybe time will tell.The rest of the game mechanics work very well, especially the fighting - both on foot and vehicular. I'm really enjoying wading into groups of warboys with the parrying and combo system used in the fist-fights, whilst regularly unlocking new moves and finishing combos as I progress. The vehicular mayhem presents just as many ways to convert cars to scrap, whether you go with the classic ram-them-until-they-become-a-screaming-fiery-mess approach, or a surgical mindset where the use of tools such as the shotgun and harpoon can quickly remove a threat, but leave the car intact if required. Or both. There are a lot of different enemies, and each needs a different approach, so your tactics will need to evolve constantly. It doesn't get boring or repetitive very quickly at all.And the storms - wait until you see the storms. The environment varies just as much as the enemies, and can be just as deadly. Even when you're in a semi-safe area, you still need to watch out for everything from twisters and tornadoes, to full-blown force-5 hurricanes - and even they come in all sorts of different forms too.I was a little bit disappointed that cars weren't more lootable - I mean, you've done away with the warboys and now you have their car at your disposal, but your only option is to drive it back to the stronghold to add it to your collection if you haven't already done so. It really needs the option to scrap the car, either on the spot for some quick scrap, or back at home for increased returns. You can't even syphon the guzzolene... fortunately, or oddly, there is quite a lot of it about, so not a big deal.There is a lot to get through in this game, and even with the small frustrations, I think I'll be playing it for a good while yet."
,Recommended,234140,17964445,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,FatSackofCR4P,"Ratings and scores make no sense to me in accurately describing both the value and experience a game has to offer, so I will just say that this game is worth the buy, and here's why:+ Atmosphere: It looks, sounds, and feels like Mad Max should. It fits within the universe and doesn't ruin the character.+ Graphics: Impressive weather effects (especially the sand storms, which are epic), detailed and high quality textures and models (for an open world), the physics are the most impressive (how cars explode and how debris gets knocked around or breaks into pieces). No visual disturbances to speak of, a very good looking game.+ Sound: The engines, the punches, the shotgun and sniper, explosions, storms and hurricane-like winds are all fantastic.+ Gameplay: Batman combat system (melee) meets twisted metal and burnout (vehicles) meets a standard open world Ubisoft game (collect loot and hidden items at locations around the map). It's nice to have a game where collecting loot actually matters, in the sense that you can upgrade Max's vehicles and abilities, and history artifacts give the universe some depth.- There isn't that much gameplay variety here; collecting loot, ransacking and liberating strongholds and bases, races, driving around, BUT at least the driving and vehicular combat is fun as hell, otherwise I wouldn't recommend this game.- This has been said on every review, and it's true, the story and characters are lacking. You won't find memorable or compelling characters here, even Max kind of falls short, but the experience of driving through the wasteland and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up like in the movies is like none other. Still a fun game to play even if you aren't totally invested in it's plot.I usually wait for sales for games and I hardly ever preorder or buy day one release, but this game was worth every penny. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,234140,17979118,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,RetroWaveDave,"This game is an absolute blast! 50 hours in & I'm still having just as much fun as when I started. The car combat is the star of the show here but, the on foot combat is well balanced as well. I can't wait to see what DLC they release. I hope they add more car bodies & liveries. A solid entry to add to the Mad Max universe!"
,Recommended,234140,22641821,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ursus,"Mad Max is a definite must buy for fans of open world games, Mad Max, Cars, Fist of the North Star, or anyone just looking to have a pretty good time at the expense of millions of servants of a guy named after male genitalia.After just completing this game's story a few minutes ago, there is still tons of stuff to do in the post game. I'd say this is a great purchase at full price! (or a DEFINITE purchase if it is on sale!)"
76561198046679215,Recommended,234140,25547044,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Gustoftime,"This is one of the most robust, fun and memorable games of the last year for me. Great atmosphere (I liked it much more than Fallout 4), good optimization, lots of different things to do."
,Recommended,234140,17935616,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[PUG-ER]Shagohad,Hit lizards with your car and eat them.Help 80's BDSM enthusiasts pimp their cribs.Car whaling.WITNESS ME!10/10 would punch a mostly naked painted man in the face again
,Recommended,234140,17849855,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ProfessorNeckbeard,I didn't expect much from this game but the previews had me hopeful. It exceeded my expectations and fullfilled my hopes. It's Arkham City in the Wasteland. It's Shadow of Mordor with lunatic car cults. It's Fallout with cars. It's what Rage should've been. It's as good as the movie. Add this to my short list for Game of the Year for 2015 along with Arkham Origins and The Witcher 3.
76561198028721484,Recommended,234140,18039654,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kiwi,"One of the biggest suprises of the year. I expected terrible things as I thought this would be a cash-in to catch the movie's hype train. What I got was a proper sandbox game, a sandbox game that Ubisoft wishes they could make. Tons of side activities but with a reason to do them. You need scrap to upgrade both yourself and your car. The upgrades, for the most part, feel organic. Instead of a +2 to damage or a +3 to tire durability you have things like a harpoon, which needs to be upgraded to be able to, for example, tear the wheels off enemy cars. If you like Mad Max, or just the post apocalypse? This is a great game to tide you over until Fallout 4.(To the negative reviews from Jim Sterling and IGn.. what did you guys expect a mad max game to be? A point and click adventure?)"
,Recommended,234140,29089700,Posted: 7 January,all,Arisen Soul,Underrated Game Simulator 2017
76561197971887144,Recommended,234140,30241599,Posted: 28 February,all,hi im bob,"Part GTA (driving), part Batman (fighting), part Tomb Raider. So many things to love.Only con is the story. Could've been told better. Except for the incredible ending. Just wow."
,Recommended,234140,18129307,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,blackadder,"After seeing Mad Max: Fury Road, I was left with a deep craving to know more about the Wasteland. I wanted to explore the  different cultures, see what has become of our world. I feel that was the movie's main attraction. Not the characters, but more the world that allowed those characters to exist. It has been said that Max is not necessarily a protagonist, but more of a passive character with things happening TO him.I feel the game draws from the movies in that respect. The undeniable star of the game is the Wasteland as a whole. The melee and car fighting are meh, the missions are meh and not extremely varied, but the reason I found myself coming back to the game over and over was the feeling I got as I rode into the world, seeking my next adventure. Reviewers have said that the game feels less than the sum of its parts, but I disagree. Take each individual component of the game, it's mediocre, maybe alright. Put them all together, and you get something special. Not GOTY material, I agree, but something that has managed to satisfy the craving Fury Road has implanted in me.Another big thing I feel this game is not getting a lot of credit for is the technical aspect. I have a mediocre gaming PC. The best thing in it is an ATI Radeon R9 270x, which is okay, certainly not up there with 290x's and GTX 970-980's. The game runs like a dream. I didn't have to tweak a single thing in the graphics menu. Smooth FPS, incredible view distance. The way they stream content between the far-view of the whole wasteland and the regular view is spectacular. Hands down one of the best technical performances in a year marked by a series of catastrophic technical failures (Assassin's Creed, Arkham Knight to name a few).All in all, I feel this game could have been more. I'm not sure how it could achieve more than it has, but from time to time there's that sinking feeling that in a parallel universe there's a better rendition of this game. But I also feel that a lot of this game's faults arise from the open world zeitgeist. Take the Assassin's Creeds, take the Far Crys. You have a map full of stuff to do, now go do it. That's the modern open world game, and I feel that Mad Max was built around that principle, in order to satisfy the current open world public. Maybe that's where they could have put more effort to make this game great. Maybe they were too wary to go all-out and create a crazy experience in fear of it being outcast from the open world elite. That would have been something special. Embracing the very essence of the Wasteland in order to recreate it."
,Recommended,234140,31818538,Posted: 18 May,all,Wonderful Wonderful,Weirdly a game I didn't hear much about at all before buying.Way better than I expected it to be though it did get pretty repetive but also gave an insane desire to finish all the side objectives so that definitely contributed to it. It's not a game with a great story in fact it was very predictable but there's enough camps to raid so that doesn't even matter. Not to mention the setting is weirdly pretty for a drab desert wasteland.Solid 8/10 I'd pay the 20 bucks for itThis is a bad review don't think to hard it's an open world game with cars and australia you'll probably like it just don't play it for 64 hours.
,Recommended,234140,17844940,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Nucloid,"As of the release version, the game is running astoundingly well. I can't remember the last time i've played such a smooth running PC game. I'm getting a constant 60fps. Very rarely has it dropped below. I have the game quality all set to ultra.Fx8320 OC'd 4.23ghz8gb ramGTX 980 4GB | 355.82_________________________________My gripes so far are nothing major. The menu controls are a bit wonky (requires you to use KB keys). Its' obvious the menu favors console controllers. Vehicle steering is very stiff and will require lots of getting used to. I'm not going to condemn the vehicle controls yet. Ever game has its' quirks and you need to give it time.Another problem for me is the saving system. The game is 100% autosave. I personally don't trust it. I have a feeling that it may save at the wrong time and break the game or it won't save enough. I would prefer a custom saving system (F5 - save | F7 - Load | Normal Menu Saving).EDIT: Updated 9/2/15I honestly can't believe how good the game is. I'm seriously addicted to playing. I've about 7 out of the 10.6 hours trying to capture areas so that I can get scrap. Capturing areas is mildly repetitive. So far, every area i've captured has been all different. I haven't multiple of the same areas. The melee combat is really fun and difficult. Gunplay is clunky but I believe its' to force the player to use melee more often. Ammo is incredibly scarce. It took awhile but I got used to the vehicle controls.EDIT 2: Updated 9/9/15I officially finished the game this morning around 11am. It took around 68 hours to do everything. To get all achievements it'll take closer to 80 hours. The challenges are a big pain if you don't do things correctly. When you ""finish"" the game, the map is nearly empty. Barely any enemy cars roam around, storms don't occur often like they used to, and getting scrap takes forever. Ill be taking a couple days break from Mad Max and come back with a fresh mind to finish the challenges.Mad Max is easily one of the best games i've ever played. Not many games can grasp my interest this tightly and not let go. I loved the gameplay & the atmosphere. The story was generic and forgetable. Ill be replaying the game once again after I finish the challenges."
,Recommended,234140,19911978,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Khaos,"I feel bad for getting this game for $20 on a sale, because it feels like I stole a masterpiece of art from a museum after it was just put up for display."
,Recommended,234140,17918810,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Rypool,it would be spitefull 2 put jellyfish in a trifle
76561198130780305,Recommended,234140,30696653,Posted: 23 March,all,Mr. House,"In the short time I have owned this game I have learned three things.1. Chumbucket is the best traveling compainion I have seen.2. Raming things with your car after some bumper (ramming prow) upgrades is absolutely fun to do.3. I very rarely use fast travel for some unknown reason.You will see that people mention a lot of grinding, well they are not lying.Best thing to do is enjoy the absolute slaughter fest that you cause in melee combat and act like a serial killer shark when you drive. Trust me, it will make the grinding much more enjoyable.You will spend quite a bit of the game going from warcamp to convoy, destorying everything that you don't like the look of. You decide wether or not that pitiful warboy in his little buggy gets to live or not, but most of the time it will be not.***WARNING SOME SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT***Now your two biggest limiting factors is going to be threat level and scrap. As such i suggest that at your first oppertunity you get a cleanup crew at each stronghold as that will allow you to do hit and runs on random scouts without stopping for the scrap they drop. This will also be useful when you take down convoys as they have quite a few vehicles in them (Which respawn if you don't kill the fuel truck).As for region threat level, try and enjoy the fun that is killing all the warboys in each camp. I suggest using whatever equipment you have to weaken the defenses at each one before going in (AKA kill that damn war crier before hand). If you find a warcamp a bit too hard go out, do random crap for griffa tokens, get better equipment from leveling, see Griffa for upgrades, and go murder some armies inside that camp.Last of all, THE CAR! That is your everything in the game, it will end up with harpoons, a sniper riffle, EXPLOSIVE harpoons, as well as better rams, armor, engines, wheels, anti-boarding spikes, wheel spikes, nitros, and some other interesting things to make it your own. Seriously, the armor and ram will affect the weight of the car meaning you will need a better engine and suspenstion for it to work, and you can work all that to your benifit. A long time back when this game came out someone I knew let me mess around and I constructed a car with no armor, best engine and suspenstion, and a MASSIVE RAM! Needless to say it could ram the scrap off a war-rig if they existed in-game.So before you get this game remember that you will be grinding and improving your stuff before you can progress. This game is LONG and you will have a lot of time in this game before you finish it. Even then you can spend more time getting the last few parts for your car and getting 100%. As such game at the risk of your already limited social life and say goodbye to your cousins and other family members that do not live within a mile of you if you do get this game."
76561198165896107,Recommended,234140,30694859,Posted: 23 March,all,TANKYWANK,If you're a fan of the Mad Max film series you'll be glad to know that this is one of the best uses of a license for a game ever. Highly recommend you get it next time it's on sale.
,Recommended,234140,29953585,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr Drub,"This game is extremely underrated. If driving cars in a big ol open world filled with stuff, and killing people sounds like a fun time to you like it does to me, buy this game."
,Recommended,234140,29746379,Posted: 6 February,all,E ϟ T L A N D,"Fantastic game!You could probably get up to 100 hours of fun out of this game if you are a completionist and don't mind doing the side objectives. The story, the map and the graphics are great. The gameplay is is pretty good too but can be a bit annoying at times. I'd give this game a 8-9/10 overall, it's very underrated."
,Recommended,234140,29287636,Posted: 15 January,all,PrettyP1nk,"I wrote an amazing reveiw for this that took me forever, and then I acidently deleted it. Long story short here you go.Storyline: Okay. Not that amazing, not the worst. MAJOR end game spoilers ahead!In the end, Mad kills the bad guy. BUT what erks me is how he gave up on Hope and Glory. In the end, after they died, he ditched the globe he was given as a gift from Glory, and stuck the picture of his wife and child on the dashboard. I think it would have been much, much better if he hung onto the globe, or if Hope and Glory lived.Max as a person: He has fury built up inside him that fuels him every time he fights. That fury mode is no joke.Visuals: Amazing. I never knew a desert could look so beautiful.Game feel: Very well done. you feel alone at times, which is just what you would feel if it was just you verses an entire desert army of crazys.Performance: Great, but run this on a gaming pc. I can't tell you how mych more fun it is to play this game when you're on high settings insted of very low with shadows removed. (Yes, I used to be a low spec gamer too, rip surface pro 3.)Sound. Also great, good voice acting, but Max runs kinda funny. Like he has to use a porta potty. I would take him too, but there doesn't seem to be many left in the wasteland.Overall. 9/10. Buy it, if you have the money."
,Recommended,234140,17930951,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nfsjunkie91,"I first played this on my friend's PS4, and I decided I had to buy it.My computer doesn't even meet minimum specifications for this game (AMD Phenom II X4 3.2 GHz, GeForce 560Ti), but it still ran at 60 FPS on default (high) settings until particle physics jumped into the game. I basically turned down particle physics and the game's running a solid 60 FPS again. Someone mentioned this is the same studio that made Just Cause, and JC2 ran at 60 FPS on a GT 430, so they must be doing something right.I really enjoy the vehicle customization aspect of the game, especially as it's basically an RPG progression. The combat feels pretty good, although sometimes you can't cancel your own moves to counter like in the Batman: Arkham series. Additionally, enemies will come at you much more quickly and you have to line up counters much faster than in Batman or Middle Earth series. It's much more challenging and I'm okay with this - it doesn't feel cheap like Sleeping Dogs feels from time to time.As far as things I don't care about, sometimes the pace of the fortresses/camps feels a little stilted - there'll be a lot of action, and then there'll be a lot of running around trying to find relics/scrap/symbols for 100% completion. I suppose if you're not a completionist this doesn't bother you.I really, really like the vehicular combat and I hope it gets more frenzied as I get into the later game. My car right now is decently equipped and it's still tough as hell - not to mention that the enemies do things I wouldn't really expect them to do which is cool.All in all, I highly recommend this game - if you love the Mad Max brand, buy this right now. If you like vehicular combat and levelling up your vehicle, buy it RIGHT NOW.EDIT AFTER MORE PLAY TIME:Gotten farther in the game, made it to Gas Town. Getting slightly annoyed at the V8 carrot being dangled in front of my face then yanked away repeatedly, but we'll get there... I can deal with the twin turbo V6 for now.Combat still holds up, though there are little ""dog-like"" enemies which have a nasty habit of attacking at a time when you cannot counter because you're already countering someone else.Action in the camps feels better after playing a bit more, and running around and figuring out where stuff's hidden gets a little easier as the game goes on. I also like the cast of this game a fair bit, except the drug addict you encounter later on - but I just met that character, so we'll see.A little disappointed in the way car combat goes occasionally, as recently I'm more or less ripping off rims. I do have a fair chunk of shotgun ammo but 9/10 times it's going into the tire. I'd like to see more bashing of the enemy cars."
76561198017747394,Recommended,234140,17957114,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ee.knight.ve,"And seeing the host of Scrotus, the Angel Max went against them in the Interceptor: and when it was taken, his mechanic Chumbucket went unto him:And he gave into his hands the Magnum Opus, and taught him, saying:Blessed is the horsepower of a blown V8: for it is the Key to the Kingdom of the Wasteland.Blessed are they that chop and channel the exhaust: for they shall receive a horsepower boost.Blessed are the dew collectors: for they filleth the canteen that restoreth the health bar.Blessed are they which do guide through minefields and repair in the course of cleansing the Great White: for the shall receive scrap and sustenance.Blessed are the melee weapons and finishing moves: for they righteously kick butt.Blessed are the upgraded front bumpers: for they shall see frame-crunching, t-boning destruction.Blessed are the chain kills: for they shall be called the Extenders of Fury.Blessed are the enemy convoys which may be crippled and humbled for righteousness' sake: for in them is a warehouse of goodies.Blessed is the Angel Max, when Warboys shall revile him, and attack him, and shall say all manner of evil against him as they charge, for he'll wet the salty dust with their blood.Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for smooth and detailed is this PC version: for so botched they the optimizers which came before it."
76561198031767706,Recommended,234140,17930199,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,huette,"It's just really, really good.Performance is stellar, control scheme is just fine für mouse and keyboard, graphics are beautiful.I understand, that many critics are tired of open world games and so am i to some extend, but Mad Max is just heaps of fun and in my opinion it trumps even the beloved shadow of mordor for some reasons, like the characters you are encountering.Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,234140,17930890,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Rednpoot,"It runs amazingly smooth, with rich characters, and rich atmosphere. Car battles are raw and satisfiying. weapons are powerful and ammo isn't plentiful ; as it should be. Combat is brutal but responsive for the player. A good variety of weapons and tools. I am not fond of the minefield mini game with the dog, but those don't take up too much time at all. The random encounters in the wastes make for hours of diversions as you go from one scrap heap to another.THE STORMS ARE GLORIOUS! one of my favorite momment is being caught up in the huge storms. they are violent and the roar is intense. with random enemies being caught up in the storm along with you... it makes for some of the best (and most difficult) combat moments in the game. The rewards are totally worth it.With many hidden cars to find, death races, savenging, treasure hunting, building up strongholds for allies, saving weak wastelanders, brutal boss fights, endless car battles, explosions galore... Mad Max is everything a post apocalyptic game should be. 10/10 totally worth the price of admission."
76561197973699135,Recommended,234140,23943229,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TOG | Fulgrim,"Had this game for less than 4 days.Completed main storyline quests and depopulated entire swathes of supposedly barren wastelandsWrecked several manufacturing plants worth of custom automotive conveyancesUpgraded a bare skeleton of a car into a vicious nitro-boosted metal demonTurned allies strongholds from ramshackle ruins of hopeless, sickly beggars into mighty fortesses of veteran survivorsAte a small mountain of dog food and maggots.Heard voices.9/10 Would cause nitro-boosted genocide again."
76561198063353226,Recommended,234140,17904281,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JCreation,"This is Tomb Raider meets Far Cry meets Carmaggedon.If you enjoyed any of the most recent versions of those games you will enjoy this.If you enjoyed all of those games and you enjoyed the recent movie - Fury Road, then you will be in ecstacy."
,Recommended,234140,17835347,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,pitchfork,the loading times are shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,234140,20022278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kriskennedy36,Batman in a post-apocalyptic setting. Some of it is repetative but really enjoyable if you liked the last movie.
76561198052188643,Recommended,234140,34004708,Posted: 3 August,all,Ðesert™,8/10 - A great game that feels like a combination of Sleeping Dogs and The Last of US.x Pros x- Great Performance- Beautiful Graphics- Amazing Atmosphere feels like a Mad Max movie- Brutal melee focused combat- Fun Vehicle combat- Amazing characters- Native PS4 controller support with PS botton promptsx Cons x- No difficulty options (I wish I could make the game harder)- Not enough car personalization (Not enough decals and colors to choose from)- The Final boss was pretty easy and all the side bosses were pretty much the same
76561198082920837,Recommended,234140,30599201,Posted: 18 March,all,Sha,"If Fallout, Need For Speed, Batman: Arkham Asylum and Twisted Metal became a Mormon family this would be their baby"
76561198095496463,Recommended,234140,25534464,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Eta320,"I usually dont play single player games often, and when I do I beat the story then never touch it again. Only two games have ever made me come back to it for the single player: GTA V, and Mad Max. I still customize my car all the time even after I unlocked all the upgrades and cosmetics and I still enjoy destroying enemy cars in lower level areas. Overall a fantsic experiance, I haven't seen any of the movies and I still understand the backstory and detail in this universe. 10/10 Would Cumbucket again."
76561198211433899,Recommended,234140,34042042,Posted: 5 August,all,JackV1010,"Was a bit skeptical because of it being a game based on a movie but it turned out to be a great game. Runs well, good graphics, story is interesting, and there is ton of things to. Lots of stuff to do even after you beat the story. Stroy is a bit easy in my opinion though. it felt pretty quick because of that, so I wouldn't reccomend trying to rush through it. I got pretty far into it and then took a break and did a bunch of side things before continuing on. Lastly, it was definitley worth the price."
,Recommended,234140,17852483,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Optik R. (Turnboi #1),"Entered some random bandit-camp, killed the bandits, destroyed the oil pumps... forgot to kill the war-cry-bandit and laughed at sentences like ""hey dude, I'm just the drummer boy, don't kill me"" or ""you know... uhm... those things I said.... during the fight... they weren't meant to be that rude"" .....Besides that, awesome game, good visuals, runs smoothly and has nice characters and a lot of stuff to offer while driving around in your car.GG Mad Max!"
76561197970817516,Recommended,234140,18109793,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Fodder,"Mad Max is a collection of great ideas poorly tied together and capably (but not perfectly) executed.  It's shallow gameplay is outstnding fun when taken in small doses.  Just don't plan on powering your way through this game in a few sittings; if you do, the lack of polish, disjointed story, and repetition (oh lord, the repetition!)  will kill your buzz all too soon.Mad Max has been compared and found wanting to Assassin's Creed and Batman: Arhkam games (and rightly so while on foot), but the best part of Mad Max takes place behind the wheel.  The car chases (enemies chasing you and vice versa) and convoy battles will stick with you and drive you to play even more  ...at least while they last.  Unfortunately, there are only a limited number of convoy missions (and no free-roam convoys), which is a shame since this seems to be every player's favorite activity.  There are still randomly spawning enemy vehicles roaming the wastes, but they seem fewer and fewer as the game progresses, and enemies flat out run away once your vehicle becomes moderately equipped.If you're looking for a good gap filler - a game to play when the latest MMO has become stale, but before another massive time-sync game - this is a great place to start.  Just don't be in a rush to finish."
,Recommended,234140,25732476,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Acrenzo,good game
,Recommended,234140,25585242,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Captain Calamity,"i was going into a minefield to difuse the mines, and the dog (who helps you find the mines) lead me to one, i parked the car near it, and everything was going well. but i unfortunately was going one mile an hour, meaning instead of calmly getting out and difusing the bomb, i jumped out and did a barrel roll over a land mine and died. GG."
,Recommended,234140,23821903,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BurdenOfJoenes,"First off, this was not a lame made for movie game. It was actually in development years before so you don't have to worry about that. The game is very immersive, visceral, and brutal. There are a good amount of supplies available so it does a good job of making you feel like your in a wasteland without being annoying. The hand to hand combat to me feels like a mash up of Batman and Shadows of Mordor and the car combat is amazing. The progression system feels meaningful, the graphics are superb, the weather system is like another enemy (especially the storms), the voice acting was done well, and the story is engaging.Cons:1. The boss fights can become a bit repetitive due to a lack of diversity of NPC2. Some of the side missions can become a bit repetative but no worse than taking outposts in FarCry 3 & 4 and there is more variety than those games3. Replay value didn't quite hit the mark for me, but you can continue to play after the main campaign and it took me about 80 hours to 100% so you'll get plenty out of it4. The main campaign is a bit short but the difficulty level is designed to encourage you to play a lot of the side mission in between to properly level up. So if you don't try to plow through the campaign you won't really notice this issue.Overall, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198060794507,Recommended,234140,24364333,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Heatofbattle,"It's a high quality polished exploration sandbox with a easy but satisfying combat system. Really captures the tone of the wasteland, and you'll never run out of things to do. Some may find it tedious, but the creators did a great job of making everything feel satisfying."
,Recommended,234140,17857353,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kermit The  Frog,"This is a masterpiece single player is awesome!! would also be awesome if they ever plan on giving a multiplayer option but the singleplayer is entertaining!10/10  a must buy!female npc are extremely rare but not one bit a game changer, but I would reckon there be female bandits aswell"
,Recommended,234140,30257522,Posted: 1 March,all,Annie T. Mood,"A standalone game about the Road Warrior that's neither a prequel or a sequel to any of the movies. There are references to them but that's it.Both controller & KB+M are doable. You've got some more control with KB+M during ground combat & when aiming with crosshairs but more control when driving vehicles with a controller. You can switch it up mid-game and the interface even changes accordingly & instantly.It's a very well-optimized game with very excellent lighting outdoors & indoors with a ""Capture Mode"" feature for fancier screenshot-taking to show off how pretty the game is.The game tends to break down in some parts however, such as specific audio not playing until the game's restarted or certain pause menu interfaces not loading unless you reload it. There are no real fixes as far as I know despite the game being some-years old.The story's simple, Max is trying to go somewhere but bandits rob him of practically everything. He meets some hunchback who joins him & lends him a weak car to improve upon. So he adventures about and does favors for people in order to get a tough enough car to get to wherever it was he was trying to go.The adventuring and favors boil down to one big scavenger hunt, which can mean repetitiveness for many. The entire bottom half of the map is explorable from the get-go but you need to advance the plot to reach the other half.""Wasteland Missions"" are the side missions of the game and it's pretty easy to forget that there's one currently active. The same can go for the main mission since there's never really a sense of urgency for either.The game likes to advertise itself as it being about survival but it's not. There's no survival mechanic of any kind. Resources are highly abundant and food & water just heal you. Reloading the save file in any way heals you completely anyway so you can exploit that easily if you see the ""saving"" icon appear as the game's only save feature is autosaving at certain points.The currency used for the game is scrap which you use to purchase almost every upgrade that becomes available. You can purchase upgrades and switch up gear & such at practically any time in the pause menu, even in the middle of fights for some reason.There are also passive upgrades like increasing your max health & finding more ammo when looting but these are permanent. It doesn't take much effort to get these as all you have to do is play normally to earn upgrade tokens which you save up sort of to take to an NPC who randomly spawns at specific locations and stays there until you talk to him. And then the process repeats until you're fully maxed out.Aiming with anything that involves a crosshair is finnicky with a controller. Targets are softlocked and even the softlocking can get finnicky as well. If some targets are awkwardly positioned there's a good chance you'll shoot what you didn't intend to by mistake.On a mouse though you've got more freedom with the aiming but where the shot actually goes is determined as if you still softlocked to a target. The same problem can occur with the awkward positioning deal.The combat on foot is commonly compared to the Arkham games' combat; attack a target depending on where you pointed at, counter this & that, dodge roll out of what you can't counter. It's actually pretty different but much of the formula's there and it works. It does require a bit of attention here though as there's a little more timing involved and you have to manually do the counter-attack when you counter. You also don't even have to do an attack; you can do a roll right in the middle of most animations and there are times when it calls for that.With upgraded gear though you're practically decreasing the difficulty of the combat as you can take less damage & deal more of it. Upgrading is optional and you can remove specific upgrades at any time customizing Max in a sense; the same goes for vehicles.The first and only customizable vehicle you get is the Magnum Opus. You don't necessarily ""upgrade"" the vehicle at times as some customizations to the vehicle may detrement its other aspects. For example having more armor obviously increases defense but detrements the car's top speed. There's not a hefty load of customization options available for both the stats & aesthetics.There's a fuel system that may as well be non-existant since driving relatively barely uses any fuel, thus making the fuel system almost pointless.Vehicular combat can get pretty exciting. Combat methods include shooting unprotected fuel tanks directly, harpooning tires & drivers off, perform PIT maneuvers if you're good enough, etc. Some enemies can even board your vehicle mid-drive to damage you slowly unless you shoot them off, shake them off, or get out of the car yourself. The combat gets annoying when you're driving fast and need to simultaneously pay attention to enemy vehicles and what's ahead of you. Without the constantly moving combat though it wouldn't be very Mad Max as a result.The hunchback that you meet at the beginning is your go-to guy for repairing the Magnum Opus as well as bringing the car itself to you if you call him & the car to you via shouting or flare gun if you're far enough. He doesn't fix other vehicles and always & only comes with you if you take the Magnum Opus out.The physics when driving fast can get wonky. They decided all vehicles that are drivable & not destroyed be impossible to be upside down, even midair. I think as a result that makes vehicles go unusually out of control when driving on uneven terrain at high speeds. On a flat road they handle as well as you're able to control them.Unlike other vehicles, the Magnum Opus is apparently immortal so long as you leave it when its health bar is empty and before the timer counts down to zero. Nothing like tires or car doors can break apart either.Personally I find the non-combat driving satisfying and sometimes relaxing. The vehicle engines sound genuine and despite the nothingness the desert has, it's incredibly scenic and the lighting is top notch. There are fast travel places you can unlock that are pretty well dispersed but I sometimes instead prefer to drive to said destination just because it feels nicer to.For the entire game you're going from marked location to location looting the same stuff and dismantling enemy camps under the same kind of objectives. The maps and locations can often be very well-designed and other times they're as simplistic as a wrecked car on the side of the road with one piece of loot. In a sense the entire game's just one big scavenger hunt.They're well-designed in the sense that they can loop back to the entrance almost seemlessly, have cleverly hidden loot, and often have more than one way to enter said locations.The subtler, well-hidden entrances are nice. While they're generally meant for a ""stealth"" approach, the only real ""stealth"" mechanic in here are those rare instances where you can walk up to an idling enemy and do a quick-kill from behind. Everyone gets alerted anyway as soon as a kill's made.By the end of the main story you can keep exploring the desert. Notable characters who died are brought back for completing missed side missions. You can't replay any of the main missions however. You also get theInterceptor available for driving as well as Max's old jacket & shotgunavailable for cheap.I think the game's really more for the bigger Mad Max fans and/or those into exploring a pretty desert while scavenger hunting. The story itself is incredibly short and the objectives eventually give a sense of sameness to them. For a franchise that's notable for taking place in Australia there are way too many non-Australians in the game.I do enjoy this for the exploration, driving, and some of the little details implemented but it's also full of repetitiveness.The game's price goes down drastically on many sales so it'd be best to get the game during that."
76561198027373758,Recommended,234140,26178654,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,g0nad,"This game let's you play within the Mad Max universe, enough said really... who doesn't want to drive around and blow Sh*t up!?Vehicular combat reminds me of the old Interstate 76 days... Brilliant.It can get a little grindy if you want to max out the character and car, but it's a good grindy."
76561198015200770,Recommended,234140,27237310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Andrewbeatz,"Once you play it you keep going, lots of fun and huge map to explore. 8/10"
76561197991226131,Recommended,234140,18179984,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Squall,"I tried so hard to like this game. I keep seeing all the reviews that rant and rave but I just can't say that this game is worth it. Its basically a copy and paste of shadows of mordor which I really liked so I assumed I would like this, but its god aweful. The beginning of the game makes you think you have all these options to pick but you start off only unlocking things because you need them in the story so it doesnt really feel like you are in control of getting upgrades and modifying your car for a bit. This happens later though and makes the game more fun. However, EVERYTHING you do feels super grindy. Go here fight the same guys, pick stuff up, go here and talk to this person, rinse and repeat. Again, shadows of mordor was basically the same thing but for some reason I liked it much better compared to this game. Also, everything you do feels super drawn out and takes forever to do. Maybe its supposed to be that way but every thing from loading screens, to even the movement of max in how if you accidentally aimed wrong while walking toward something like a ladder and or pressed the action button too soon, you had to re-adjust and try again. Fighting in the car gets old quick as sometimes you can feel helpless in your attempts to outrun or fight off even 2 or 3 cars. Next is the upgrades; if youre like me, you try and collect things and get upgrades before doing all of the main quests. What bugs me is that you dont even get the big v8 engine until  theres only like 2 main quests left, which leaves me sad because once I get the engine, I have nothing left to do.Lastly, and for whatever reason I think Im one of the few people this has happened to; this game is buggy as ♥♥♥♥. My sound cuts out A LOT for different things. Whether its the engine or dialogue, or even general sound effects. And when this happens, my game stops loading the landscape so im left with weird piles of sand and ground that I can drive into and through. And sometimes the ground gives out and my car falls through the map. In addition, whenever this happens, I can't even fix it by going to the main menu or fast traveling because the game freezes when I try either of those options. So then I basically have to restart the game and watch the intro videos which arent that long but start to take forever once I have restarted the game like 4 times in 45 minutes of play.So like I said, I really tried to like this game. I REALLY did; but sadly, I ♥♥♥♥in hate it. However, I don't neccesarily think the game doesnt deserve praise. People should still play it as it is pretty fun."
76561197990830841,Recommended,234140,17923517,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,stricken404,"Wow, it's so rare these days in the age of crappy ports by mobile companies, Ubisoft, and console ports.Gimped and hampered performance by invisible effects in Nvidia Gameworks that can be done by an engine anyway...This game.... wow... It's very rare where I feel the need to review a game, but this is one of the best looking PC games since Crysis 3 and one of the best optimized PC games I've ever seen.With my R9 290x I see 64 fps constantly, with it completely maxed out at 1080p.This is also probably one of the best movie licensed games to be made recently.Get this game and Metal Gear Solid V... I'm sick of this ""one is better than the other, Mad Max sucks! Yeah well MGSV is locked at 60!"" Nobody cares, be happy to finally have some good PC games that aren't broken or poorly optimized."
76561198271174448,Recommended,234140,26395528,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,swwwm_css,"Wonderful scenery for first 10 hours. This is really a reason for the capture mode. The storm, the fire, the dunes, the ruins make a deep impression.Batman Arkham style melee fight system, smooth and aggressive.The dog fight between cars is really mad. crash, harpoon, bombs even shotgun make tons of explotions. However, the weird camera control bust the feeling for some extent. When i harpoon a car behind me, the camera just turns to the poor car. Then i lost my sight to road ahead and crash into rocks or walls. It shoud be more smooth.The biggest problem keeps this game from perfection is the experience after the first 10 hrs. There are 4 similar strongholds in this game, and  9 similar projects to build for each stronghold, some parts for each projects. To be honest, It's a little bit lengthy and tedious, a typical problem for a Far Cry like games.All in all, it's a good game with some scratches."
,Recommended,234140,34406614,Posted: 21 August,all,Iskukip,Basically Australian Mario Cart.
76561198051089394,Recommended,234140,17853585,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Diabetic Giraffe,"Let me start by saying this game is very immersive and addicting. The characters are wonderfully designed and the voice actors do a perfect job bringing them to life. It's well optimized, running at 1080p 60+fps at all times with completely maxed settings on my gtx 970Ti. The driving feels great once you spend a minutes getting into it, The sounds are amazing and the open world is very cool. At one point i was attacking a convoy at night, only to be forced to exit my car because it was damaged, and while I was being circled by cars that were taking turns trying to run me over, my little Chumbucket buddy is working frantically to get my car running again. Fist fighting is also very well done and i would say is a step above the Arkham games. Crafting the cars is cool to. And the graphics. And the story. And the game. Get it."
76561198058066986,Recommended,234140,29705406,Posted: 4 February,all,Echo,One of the best games based on a movie.
76561198005735469,Recommended,234140,20368386,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jade,"Great game. just wish it had more content, and more horrible things happening. Why was it so easy to enter every city. Better + more story"
76561197964521217,Recommended,234140,20401998,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,knabb,This is a lovely game. Don't ignore it just because it didn't get a great metacritic. Very much would fun again.
,Recommended,234140,20441481,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,XT-F12,"Real life atmospheric feeling with amazing graphic details. Super fun to kick♥♥♥♥♥like a UFC fighter and drive like a lunatic. However, the main game is short, unless you're an achievement hunter, and story is disappointing, yep... really disappointing but anything can happen in the world of Mad Max.Recommended! Have fun!"
,Recommended,234140,21481794,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Captain Serious,"A fun yet repetitious complement to the latest Mad Max movie.  They did an awesome job capturing the aesthetics of the film, and building a beautiful game that feels like an extension.Absolutely loved leveling up and turning my ride into a badass war machine.  The vehicle combat was a blast, and was the only part of the game that didn't get old towards the end.Fist fighting combat was very satisfying (like Batman without gadgets), but lack of enemy variety made all the fights feel the same.  However, still a visceral and enjoyable experience when you beat down a group of 20+ guys.Great fun.8 / 10"
,Recommended,234140,20375239,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dasdad,I bought Mad Max.And I downloaded Mad Max.But I played Australia Simulator.10/10
,Recommended,234140,20373199,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,stop.ryan,"An amazing game, definitely one of my top 5 favorite :D although it's not perfect, (that would be portal) but it still an amazing game play experience! Great storyline and great characters!Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,234140,17945515,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nickervision,"I had an absolute blast playing this game and would recommend it for those that love a good open world collectathon. Despite some clunky moments and some uninspired voice acting, it is an overall well polished and fun sandbox to play in. Also, my god does it look gorgeous, especially during the day when you see an incoming storm. (oh yes, the storms are amazing)Here is a video that I cut together of some of my favorite moments of my playthrough, I tried to ensure there was no story spoilers, and just the action and fun stuff.https://youtu.be/NoQtt-CLWEM"
,Recommended,234140,35399919,Posted: 1 October,all,lpireyn,"Mad Max is a very satisfying open-world driving game. If you like the movies, post-apocalyptic landscapes and exhilarating destruction à la Carmageddon, you should give this gem a try!"
76561197971177948,Recommended,234140,30482704,Posted: 12 March,all,The Ogre,"There is no good or bad in this game. There is only survival. Can you survive? Prove it. Drive fast, fight hard, kill without remorse. Oh, and dial down the display settings if your computer is more than a couple years old."
76561198082082228,Recommended,234140,35328445,Posted: 30 September,all,tiny99,"So far I really like the game,  max setting and it look soooo good...."
,Recommended,234140,35345944,Posted: 30 September,all,Nxght,"I don't even remember playing this game on the pc. I played it on the ps4 though, and I definitely think it's made more for consoles. The game is great imo, but there isn't much replayability."
76561198263894072,Recommended,234140,35347878,Posted: 30 September,all,emir.beciri,"Great game,great map,rich gameplay"
76561198025973941,Recommended,234140,35372919,Posted: 1 October,all,ivansir,"Started to feel like I was playing the most epic version of Borderlands ever, which is a very good thing.  Performance, environments, music, animation, gameplay, voice is all top notch. Fantastic work by WB and Devs."
,Recommended,234140,17882811,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"Nice game with beautiful graphics/enviroments, awesome optimization and interesting gameplay with some boring aspects. It's not worth the full price but I can recommend it for discount."
,Recommended,234140,35361255,Posted: 30 September,all,Shrekoning,"God, when he drinks water it actually makes me thirsty at how refreshing it looks... that's how amazing this game is.Or maybe I already have just been playing it too long. 5.8 hours today and thats 5.8 hours from when I bought it... without even eating dinner.I need some water."
76561198152395089,Recommended,234140,27063960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trevor |Mehdi|,it is awsome
,Recommended,234140,20246516,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Supersaltytony,So after heavly playing this game during the holidays. (sense it was on sale). i will have to say it is one of the most under rated titles of the year. I enjoyed playing this game entirely way too much. main story not forced. Very open. No 2 places were the same at all. most def worth the buy.
,Recommended,234140,24743151,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Old timer,"A good openworld game,may not be great,but good.Better buy it on a sale though."
76561198048567429,Recommended,234140,35454946,Posted: 3 October,all,Marco393,"There's nothing better to me than driving around the wasteland, upgrading a wicked car, and then having some War Boy yell ""FOR VALLHAL..."" and blowing him away with a shotgun as he tries to jump onto your car."
,Recommended,234140,35504021,Posted: 5 October,all,Stefanonimo,"Even if the story is acceptable and the side missions get repetitive after a while, I liked this game anyway. Don't know why... probably because I like the desert locations, the graphic is excellent and the game is greatly optimised and very long to finish, which is a rare thing in the recent years."
,Recommended,234140,17821690,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Pippolarel,"Looks like a wonderful game, Story makes you feel really as Max and The car looks amazing.10/10 I really recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,234140,25876361,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mama's Boy,"Let me get this straight - the game is fantastic graphically. The cars, the amount of detail is astonishing, the scenery is breathtaking. However, as it often happens, the developers forgot to add one thing - gameplay. The whole territory really feels like sandbox, or, more precisely, a theme park, filled with evenly spaced stuff of the same dozen types - Enemy camp, tower, Friendly stronghold, Scarecrow (a sort of tower), Scavenging site, Encounter, etc. It just feels like you're doing the same thing all over again. You're constantly showered with upgrades, the amount of points to spend on skills is ridiculously high, the game becomes ridiculously easy and boring very fast. THERE'S NO DIFFICULTY SETTING. You got this right. I'll repeat - graphics and general athmosphere of this game is fantastic. But there's no challenge. So I would not recommend this game for people looking for challenge and true portrayal of the gritty survival world of Mad Max."
76561197970509330,Recommended,234140,17840784,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Blurfester,"I was somewhat reluctant to purchase this game as a movie studio was behind it but it turns out my fears are unwarranted as the developer Avalanche has done a remarkable job so far in recreating Max's messed up world. With crazy characters and cars galore Mad Max captures the spirit of the movies perfectly. If you are on the fence about buying this, don't be, it's a great game."
,Recommended,234140,18336892,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Pumbzy,Short as ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198129379164,Recommended,234140,17885443,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ZombiUbojica,"Nothing groundbreaking. Just Cause 2 meets Shadow of Mordor, fetch quests and grinding for scrap galore. Even still, I just put 9 hours straight into this game and it held my attention the whole time, along with running like hot butter on all max settings. Impressively optimized for sure. If you're looking for something new, wait for this to go on sale, but if you're a fan of Just Cause and Mordor, buy it now man."
,Recommended,234140,31618294,Posted: 7 May,all,Petra,"An almost-perfect realization of Mad Max condensed into a playable form, but marred by shallow gameplay and poor pacing.As someone who's seen every Mad Max / Road Warrior movie at least three to four times growing up, and with the latest theatrical release in Fury Road, it always struck me as odd how there was never really a proper post-apocalypse, open world game for this specific franchise. Granted, Fallout has always been there since its early beginnings as a not-quite Mad Max game, but definitely takes much inspiration from it to the point of being an homage. And then, pretty much out of the blue, came this game to fill in that void. A gritty, no holds barred, and to top it off - a faithful rendition of not only Max Rockatansky, but the world he resides in as well? In 2015, a time where ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izing remakes was (and still technically is) the rage? That's something to pinch a cheek over.Any details or lore you get in the game comes in small snippets, one-liners you hear, or leftover relics from the old world. The water's gone, and so is most life on the planet. Resources are scarce, but humans still cling to live on the barren world like cockroaches, driving dangerous cars and attempting to survive. You play as Max, a quiet, but deadly force-of-nature where his reputation precedes him. It's very clear from the first scene going in, you're not going to make it your first job to befriend as many people as you can. Max operates strictly on a give-and-take policy. He only does favors if he benefits from it, regardless of what it may entail. His moral code is shaky and arguably broken, but that's because he's haunted not only by those who wish to see him dead, but by his past as well.The story of the game is simple - Max happens to run into a local warlord, messes him up, but in the process, loses his iconic vehicle, the Interceptor. From here, he has no way of proceeding back out into the wastes without a vehicle, and a beefy one at that. Max meets a dog, whom he adopts, and from a chance meeting not much later, runs into a skilled, but disfigured mechanic, Chumbucket. From here, your rag-tag group goes through the wastes, helping out local leaders in exchange for goods and information as to improve Max's new vehicle, provided by courtesy of Chumbucket, the Magnum Opus.The movies and expanded universe of Mad Max put one thing above all else; in the post-apocalypse, cars and fuel are king. At least 60% of the game is dedicated to driving from location to location, scavenging locations, finding valuables, and decimating bandits and enemy-controlled camps in exchange for loot and getting on friendlier terms with local leaders. The vehicles you can get (or the Magnum Opus) all have their distinguishing characteristics - you can have them be as tank-like as possible, or fast, nimble, but ultimately fragile and easily destroyed. The Magnum Opus can be modified to be anything you really want, provided you have the scrap and the parts for it. For it, there exists specific combinations of parts that are labeled Archangels, which, while having different playstyles, are ultimately pointless outside of achievements and races since they offer no real incentive to use outside of your customizations. There is also fast travel from specific locations, but the game rewards you for driving around to every inch and corner of the map, so if you do not like driving, chances are, this game is not for you.The game looks, plays, and feels crisp, you can upgrade abilities, and the world is honestly daunting in its size and scope, but therein lies the double-edged sword of having a Mad Max game in its rawest form. If the world is bombed out and mostly scavenged, then there is not going to be much of interest to look at. To the developer's credit, they do make each location (which is more like a province of the main world) feel unique and distinct from other areas despite the limitations of only being able to have the following: dirt, sand, and rock. One area has broken down windmills and narrow, snaky corridors, while another is dominated by a broken down bridge and oil flats. Even so, Max's character only serves as a vehicle for the player to become lightly invested in. In this sense, the game becomes too monotonous and daunting to do long playing sessions. The bleakness of the wasteland is best suited in short stints, like that of a book, movie, or even a television show. When it takes place over every waking minute of Max's life in game form, it just shuts your brain off for all the wrong reasons.By far, the biggest issues plaguing Mad Max are pacing and variety. There are 192 scavenging locations, 100 relics to collect, a dozen or two Archangels to build, 45 mines or so to dig up, 10-ish convoys to raid, some 30 odd races to do, all topped off with clearing out countless camps, progressing the story, and all while doing missions on the side! Unfortunately, these areas are all near-identical copies of one another - the way you play in one camp, scavenging location, etc. is going to be the same from the beginning to the end of the game. You'll find yourself maxing out all of your skills and most of your car items within the first 30% of the game, but on the other hand, you can really only get the best engines during the last 20% of the game. There exists this zone where the first 8 to 10 hours of the game is engaging and the last few missions are exciting, but in between is this void of bland, stop-and-go gameplay that seems to last forever.  The characters themselves would fit right into a Mad Max movie, but they're not well-developed and only serve as a backdrop to the backdrop of a bombed out Outback. (Outbombed?) Their screentime is brief, but they're interesting enough to where they should have been used more, especially for such a long and expansive game.As for the fighting itself, the ground combat is lifted straight from the Arkham Batman games, only without most of Batman's cool gadgetry that's instead replaced with raw brutality. Click your enemies down without thinking, and occasionally hit the other button to block and counter them, and maybe another to roll out of the way if they can't be countered. Armbars, suplexes, haymakers, shiv to the face, you name 'em, they're there. But that's ALL of it, outside of an occasional blast or two from your shotgun. Vehicular combat, on the other hand, is much more exciting and engaging, albeit not perfectly implemented. The AI is a lot more dangerous and often predicts what you'll do. Even with Max being the most deadly driver in the wastes, goons will often pull P.I.T. manuevers on you to cause you to spin out, toss warboys onto your vehicle so they can kick your face in, roll out bombs, or just straight up try to kamikaze you. This is where the game truly shines, at least, until you get explosives that make them instantly blow up and stop them dead in their tracks. There are times where you can demolish three vehicles with ease and other times where one guy can ruin your day.Really, all of these nitpicks and criticisms come from one source, and that is lack of direction. Be it from budgetary shortcomings or not enough development time, these problems manifest most strongly in the central story and the strongholds that tie the lands together. There are so many interesting things to catch one's eye, but nothing is ever explored past first impressions. What you see, is what you get. In an odd and endearing way, this is possibly the perfect envisioning of a Mad Max game should be like. It's not meant to throw walls of text at you and deep, character-driven narratives at you. At the end of the day, it's just mindless survivalism in a world that's out to get you.7/10. I can only strongly recommend this to people who love the Mad Max franchise and those who love post-apocalypse settings in general. For the casual, everyday gamer, the sheer length and padded gameplay isn't worth the slog to get through it."
76561198129913303,Recommended,234140,21496564,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zimbe,"Oh what a game, what a lovely game! One of the best games i have ever played!The main story was awesome, but it was quite short. I never got bored playing this game.Graphics were awesome and the game ran very smoothly even on the highest settings (70-90fps), it ran better than the most games in now days.LMB/RMB fights were also awesome and very simple and the road rages. Driving and fighting in the car was done very well, it was also simple.The area was huge and there was so much to do, looting scavenger locations, winning some races, doing some side missions, clearing some enemy bases and lowering the threat in regions. I never teleported from place to place, cause it was so fun to drive. You also had your own mechanic Chumsbucket who repaired your car if you wrecked it.I can't find any bad sides from the game, it was just perfect!Mad Max belongs in to my Top 5 games!Sorry for my bad english :)10/10"
76561198067096205,Recommended,234140,21965235,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Here and nowhere,"Hello everybody.Yeah,i'm absolutely recommend this perfect game for everyone who:1)Likes open world ;2)Likes cars and tuning ;3)Likes just riding and killing everyone ;4)Likes fight in dinamic fights.I never saw the movie Mad Max. And i just bought this game because i like these types above. Especially open world with a lot of thing in the world,like dynamic weather.First of all,this  story happened in the desert. Not all of people who played in this game likes desert. Why? the wheels stuck in the mud and sand and other stupidity things. But how? Where is your logic guys? It's a sand!As i see,in-game this things works very well and it's very atmospheric and all.I like everything in this game. I completed this game on 100/100%. I found all things in-game. I spent around 60 hours there and i can spend around 3-5 more ,because this game looks really cool!Pluses:+cars . You can take all enemies cars and ride on them.+tuning to the car.  A lot of those things that you might  be much better and cooler than those homelesses guys.+Hrampoon+weather+storm+day/night system+costuming of main hero+dialogs+story+characters+racings+fightsAs you can see,this game has a lof of pluses.Near a few minuses:-One thing that i hate more than other it's a scrap in different places all over the goddаmn place. Just hid them. It's made me mad.-Sometimes blocks doesn't work and you can get a punch in your handsome beard-face.-sometimes you can meet wrong textures in your trip.-rare lags with locations and other less important things.The conclusion:I really enjoyed this game. You can check my screenshots in my profile. I really enjoyed by racing and after fighting. When i was playing i had the interest not like in the other games. This game have a good  story with victims,with love and betrayal .9/10.Thank you for your time. I hope you found some important inforamtion about this game!"
76561198090505110,Recommended,234140,20094796,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DToX,"Highly recommended!!I purchased the game six days ago, during the Steam Winter sale, having no expectations whatsoever. The game literally popped up on my main screen and I thought to myself ""Why the hell not"".Six days later I can only say that this is one of, if not - the best game purchases I've ever made!The game mechanics and progression are really well made. It felt very natural to me - seamless and flowing. It might not be as charming for some people due to the kind of repetitive game style (doing the same things over and over) but for me this is the first game in a while that just made me sit down, let go off everything else and just finish it. Even more so, I felt compelled to complete as much of it as possible. After the first couple hours I liked it so much that I knew I had to go on the good ol' 'completionist' spree (still getting there though).I don't want to spoil the story, but I have to say that for the past few days I was able to build such a personal connection with the main character that the events in the last several missions made me shiver and tremble with hate and anger as I was driving through the wasteland with tears in my eyes and a lump in my throat.You just don't see that in games nowadays or at least I haven't for quite some time.MAJOR PROPS to all the people involved in the creation of this game!**** EDIT ****I was so overwhelmed that I forgot to mention few other qualities. The game is mighty-well optimized. It runs smoothly and consistently. It is also beautifully made. Even though the majority of the environment is commonly reffered to as a 'wasteland', you will not get bored while wandering around. Each location has a very distinctive styling in my opinion and it helps a great deal to add up to its 'character'.  I was blown away by the areas which were primarily dark. They really do require the use of the flashlight in order to be able to see somewhat decently.The only 'con' I'd mention about this game is that I cannot magically forget the story and re-live the whole experience all over :)"
,Recommended,234140,20195387,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,aaronlovesfood,"Mad max is another massive open world game full of loads of different tasks to complete...So Firstly let me start this review off by saying that this game is VERY well optimised and for me personally it runs at 40fps on my over clocked 3 year old laptop. So Thank you whoever made this for not leaving us pc gamers out of the equation.The Story in Mad max is pretty bland as you might expect, if you are interested in what little one it is then here is a brief explanation for you- Max gets his Precious Car stolen by a Bad guy named Scrotus- You meet a guy called Chumbucket who makes cars and parts with scrap-You team up and over time build yourself up to get Revenge on Scrotus.Okay thats enough of the story... Go play it for yourself if you want to find out more :DThe graphics are outstanding on this game and it is easily one of the best looking games I have ever seen especially when the sandstorms come into play.The campaign will take on average around 15-20 hours to complete excluding the side missions and it was also very fun to play but others may say that it gets a bit repettive with all of the driving and fighting you have to do.The world like I said at the start of this review is full of things to see and do. The attention to detail on this game is unlike no other I have seen this year.My downsides would be that all of the boss battles are pretty much identical with the mehods you need to kill them which is pretty sad because I like a bit more variation with these things. When playing them it reminded me a hell of a lot like the Wolf boss battles in the Order 1886 which is not a good thing in my book.Another downside is the extremely bland fighting controls, All you have is punch, block and a couple other ""special moves"".My final downside would be to do with the extremely bland ending which I will not spoil here.Overall, Since this game is on sale it is a must buy!My rating is a 8/10UPDATE 1- Have a look at my Profile for some screenshots :DUPDATE 2- I recommend installing Windows 10 as it gave the game a 3fps boost for me :D"
,Recommended,234140,21063835,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,General Angle,cracking game!
,Recommended,234140,17845156,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,UnknownCode,"I went blind into this game and im glad I did. Optimised very well (970 - ultra/1080p/60fps). Its like a combination of Borderlands and The Last of Us, and its amazing!"
,Recommended,234140,18094299,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,-BMF-,Excellent game that sticks to the lore of mad max and offers many hours of entertainment. Without spoiling anything I will say this: The ending is phenomenal but quite sad and fits the story of max perfectly.
,Recommended,234140,27876050,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Leróy,"Really good game! Based on time after nuclear war? Gameplay is very satisfying and combat is great but it becomes too easy when you level up and gear up... Driving mechanics.. just pure love and ""car combat"" very cool and seriously well made! Dinki-DI so good can food made for doges <3"
,Recommended,234140,18016532,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[GDS] Monty,Its Mad Max. You drive and hunt icons on a big map.
,Recommended,234140,20035309,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hoshijiro,"Great game with great graphics.Story is engaging, but you're not 10)% bound by it. By that I mean if you're not in the mood to follow the story, you're free to follow your own desires to ♥♥♥♥ around in the game-world."
,Recommended,234140,21418950,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The CruSpader,"Mad Max 2015.. what a fun game!See below for pros and cons.OverviewI originally thought of this game as a Shadow of Mordor clone, but with cars and desert, and it kind of is but the immersion was more on point than it was with Shadow of Mordor, at least for me it was. It nails the wasteland feel perfectly and manages to pull you in the world of Mad Max and all it's craziness without falling flat. And I must say this game has been optimized beautifulyStoryYou play as Mad Max(as if that wasn't obvious) and take on your fellow companion,SméagolChumbucket who has devoted his life to serve you as his blackfinger, and your car, the Magnum Opus as your angel. You will be doing wasteland missions for a ton of interesting charactersmostly crazy peopleand help them thrive as the new leaders in their own regional territory. But Max mostly wants to get his car rebuild after it being wrecked by Scrotus at the beginning of the game, needing to build a car faster, stronger and more badass than his original car, the Black on Black.GameplayIt follows the simple Batman Arkham games combat, and makes it more brutal, every punch feels powerful and painful to look at, and if you can get behind the combat on foot, you'll be very happy with this game. You'll be equipped with a shotgun for long range, shivs for combat finishers and the brutal yet satisfying Fury Mode which your punches are harder and looks like Max is putting his whole body in them. Now we have the car combat which is very hit or miss, as the car controls are heavy and delayed, almost like a real car. You can add on extra stuff on your car such as grinders, rams and armors which will affect your cars performance. Your car will be equipped with a harpoon, sniper and thuderpoons and other stuff I never used such as burners(side flamethrowers). Max can gain upgrades as well but they are very direct and are just direct upgrades from what you already have, such as shotgun, knuckles, armor, ammo capacity etc.ReplayabilityI will be adding replayability because the whole game is your replaying missions all over again, in order to unlock story missions you need to attack strongholds, that have the same objective(Find oil rig and blow it up) or anything that will lower threat in a territory. Some story missions include doing these same repetitive tasks in 5 regions of the map, if you are ok with this then the game won't be a problem for you, but the game requires you can tollerate the combat and everything else the game offers you, otherwise the game will fall flat near the end.PROSGreat on-foot combatPerfect optimizationAmazing graphics for how well it runsBig and immersive worldCONSRepetitive gameplayMeh car controls(subjective)Max is a complete bully in this gameAll in all, great game, immersive and great atmosphere. A bit repetitive and meh car controls.I'd give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,234140,28890600,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,valczir,"This is a very tentative recommendation, but I did enjoy myself.Pros:- First time the Batman combat system has really felt solid (see notes)- Reasonably good driving- Reasonably good storyCons:- Tedious camps and other wasteland encounters- Uses the Batman combat system (again, see notes)- Story requires you to complete tedious side missions- Checkpoints are not placed wellNotes:Batman (Arkham) combat system: I loved Batman: Arkham Asylum, but it most *certainly* wasn't for the combat system.  To me, the combat system invented for Arkham Asylum felt like an afterthought, thrown together in an attempt to make Batman look badass while fighting without forcing an overwhelming amount of effort into the combat system of what was essentially a stealth game.  It worked very well for a stealth game.  In most action games, it still looks pretty cool ... but it's an overly simplified combat system that takes practically no effort to master.Mad Max expanded upon the system well enough to hold my attention most of the time.  That's impressive.  That doesn't mean, however, that it was an interesting combat system that engaged me particularly well - it felt pretty mediocre and required very little effort on my part.  Still, it felt more engaging than Arkham City or Shadow of Mordor.Wasteland Encounters: Generally, most of the encounters are fairly engaging through the first couple of areas, and some of them later expand upon previous ideas to keep things entertaining.  However ... the stupid mine fields ...In order to fully clear an area, you need to drive around that area until you drive past every mine field - you can't spot mine fields from the hot air balloons.  Then, once you've found a mine field, you need to go back to a stronghold and choose another vehicle (Chum's Buggy), which you *cannot* fast travel with.  Then, you need to drive back to the mine field and carefully drive around watching the direction your dog's nose is pointing to find out where the mines are; for each mine, you need to get out of your car, walk up to it, hit 'E', watch a cutscene, then go back to your car.Tedious.Checkpoints: Overall, the checkpoints are okay, but there are a number places where you get a checkpoint nearly a minute from a very difficult section of the game.  When it takes a good 10-15 seconds to load a checkpoint, then another *minute* to get back to the difficult area, it means the checkpoint was not placed correctly.Again, tedious.All that said: I enjoyed my time with Mad Max.  I've finished the story and a good number of side missions, and it's pretty rare for a game to hold my attention that well.  I don't have any plans to play out the rest of the game, but the main story and the wasteland encounters and side missions that I *did* finish were fun."
76561198106476257,Recommended,234140,20475173,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wezley,This is by far one of the greatest games I have ever played.Everything about it just works.The only thing is; I would recommend finishing as much as you can before doing the last few story missions because if you haven't once you complete the main story and want to finish the game the emmersion is totally ruined because of what happens.That being said the story in this game is outstanding and I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story and to those that play games casually.
,Recommended,234140,17881076,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,FaZe Davie 🤙,Your car is right-hand drive. Game of the year10/10Would play again
,Recommended,234140,18064531,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Traction,"I would definately recommend this game. Best game I've played this year so far, it's a god dam kick♥♥♥♥♥game. But you're about to sit down for one negative point I had in this game. Everything else I was content with. Ladies and Gents, I'm not here to whine about the game itself, I just have a little issue with the plotline.*Note* Please don't read on if you haven't played the game*Note* Please don't read on if you haven't played the game.What♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me the F*** off is the bull**** ending you get left with. Rather than not allowing us a choice in his final actions, it goes on to show some pretty unexpected content. Whether it's to go on chasing scrotus and leaving Hope and Glory (just to end up dying) when he had the oppritunity to leave with a family or having to kill chumbucket (he was my main homie) I wouldn't have killed off Chum, rather, use your ♥♥♥♥ing brain Max and just fire a explosive harpoon than go through a trippy a** phase. I would have just been satisfied with leaving to a family than countinue going down this whole path he took. Like, for all the f****** effort why? and yea, killing off chum was more emotional than Hope and Glory, sorry lol (the torture scenes were sad though, I didn't want it to happen none the less) Not enough character development with the two girls. Just randomly started acting close on the first encounter, and from then on. But still, as I said I still would have settled for a choice with the family than go through that again. 10/10 would not play the ending again.I genuienly sat for 10 minutes hoping there was another way to the ending, but no. He decided to go for it and jump out of the truck leaving Chum on it. Like even that, I thought the way the story was going was that he would have went in the reckoning aswell (because of all the trippy voices and dialoge it had). Yea, some people might think this is stupid, but I was let down with the ending. But then again, its Mad Max, you can't really expect any good ending (and by that I mean ending it on something that makes us smile) rather than having a really bad cringe. CHUM WAS MY GOD DAM HOMIE, IF I HAD A CHOICE; NO."
,Recommended,234140,17867206,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chashmodai,"Ejoyable so far. I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic games.PROS:+ Graphics.+ Optimization(seriously, it's sick. 60 FPS with everything on max, 1440p. GTX 970).+ Voice acting.+ Story(haven't got far at all yet, but I like what I've seen so far).+ Ground combat(I like this kind of combat system--aka Batman Arkham X combat style--, so if you don't this might be a con).+ Car combatCONS:- No real innovation(capturing/razing strongholds ala Ubisoft isn't anything new and is quite frankly rather boring. Same goes for flying up in the balloon to scout, although this gives quite the view which is great).- Car handlig(might be just me, but I don't like the slight delay between the pressing of the steering button and the actual steering of the car).- So far, no sniper rifle outside of the car(to use the sniper rifle, you gotta be in the back of the car. As I haven't finished the game yet, I might get a portable sniper rifle further in - although I suspect I won't).- Some potentially game breaking bugs(like having looted a place you need to loot later on in a quest, thus making looting that place again during questing impossible).If you enjoy the Mad Max franchise, post-apocalyptic games or open-world games, you might find this fun. Thus far, I'm going to give this game 7/10. I will probably update the review later on as I get further into the game, might add or remove some points or pros/cons.Thanks for reading."
76561198040959400,Recommended,234140,17846346,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BLEEDINGTHROUGH666,GOTY....NUFF SAID! I bought both Mad Max and MGS V: TPP and tried them both... Mad Max wins hands down!
76561198113494658,Recommended,234140,34198372,Posted: 12 August,all,BooshgunBandit,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198053919516,Recommended,234140,17839909,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,lackaname,WITNESS ME
,Recommended,234140,17854583,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Shaggy,Michael Bay dream simulator 2015.
,Recommended,234140,25539286,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SameKnight,"After watching Mad Max: Fury Road, I thought: Hey, a game in this setting would be pretty good. As with most movie based games go, I had no hopes for this one. I SAND corrected. Even if it is a bit repetitive at times, it is still a surprisingly well put together game with great visuals. Extremely underrated."
,Recommended,234140,23882859,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rooster,My name is Max. My world is fire and blood.
,Recommended,234140,18242572,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Aaron,"Well, there's been some discussion about wether or not this game is worth your time, and I think it's time to throw in my two cents.Let's start off with the most obvious part: the story. Not a great one for a large part of the game. At first (and probably for 75% of the story) your only objective is acquiring a V8 engine for your car. Yeah, not the most intense set-up you've ever heard. In order to get a V8 you have to look in Gas Town, a dangerous place, so before you can even go look for a V8 you need to acquire various upgrades from a few characters in the wasteland. For a long while the story doesn't really move forward and you're just kinda wanking about not really doing anything real. At the end though, once the V8 gets in reach, suddenly things shift into fifth gear and there's suddenly all these things going on. I won't spoil anything, but I actually started relating to Max and his journies for the last little bit of the story. There were some interesting characters in play all of a sudden, and Max had some motive I could understand. There was depth too, as you could see Mad Max struggle between doing what is right and doing what is best for him. That is actually a main point in the movies, too. But that doesn't last and just as you're having fun the story ends. Quite a shame since it shows so much potential at the end there. So, in total, I'd say the story is bare-boned and empty, with a glimpse of a proper story at the end.Off to the next big thing then: cars! This game has a metric ton of car upgrades, and unlocking new upgrades is probably the most rewarding thing in the game. The cars feel and handle well too, and there's actually quite a little room for different builds. Some linear upgrades are a little boring, there's for instance no reason not to take the best engine, exhaust and weapons (they have no downsides), but there's also stuff like armor and rams, which will offer more protection and damage but will also slow you down. Having the option to create either a slow, rusted, hulking heap of death or a shiny fast fragile little thing is pretty cool, though I kinda wish there was more thinking involved. For instance, it'd be more fun if you had to choose between a roaring fast engine or an economical one, the one meaning more performance in battles and the other meaning more time to drive around without stopping and having to murder 12 guys over 4 liters of fuel. Again, it seems like they could have made it more interesting, but it serves its purpose very well in this state. Building your own death machine is still a lot of fun.Now, in this game, most time will be spent doing side-objectives. This is a real completionist's heaven. The map is stuffed to the brim with objectives, small and big, to keep you busy. The main reason for doing these is of course the aforementioned car upgrades. They will only unlock when you clear a region of threats. Now to me, the objectives were certainly fun enough to keep me busy. My favourite are these convoy-routes, where you have to engage in car-battles and ram and tear a whole convoy of cars apart in order to recieve a shiny hood-ornament (doubles as an upgrade) for your car. Other objectives include beating up leukemia-camps (guessing they all have cancer) and tearing down statues. The fighting itself is a lot of fun by the way, you get to see Max bust out some really cool MMA/wrestling moves, and they do have a real punch to them. Though fighting is simple (block/attack), I can't help but enjoy every double-leg takedown or tombstone piledriver Max dishes out.Though again, I see squandered potential. The fighting system would be oh-so-much better when the awesome moves Max sometimes does were special combos, also unlockable through leveling. It'd make them feel more special. And another thing I would have done is give the hood ornaments special perks instead of increased speed/health/handling of your car. Have the hood ornaments give you special abilities and it'd be so much better. And also, there's not enough car-fights. This is an absolute problem I have, almost every quest is done on foot. This is Mad Max damnit, you can't venture through that desert on foot! Where are the car-chases, the car-battles, the car-escapes, the car-parkour, everything! I am truly dissapointed by the lack of car-stuff in a Mad Max game. And then my final gripe, there are these Boss-camps that give you paints for your car. You might have guessed that there's a boss in them. Now the first time I saw one I was pretty impressed, he had attack patterns and stuff and he had a weakness that I had to figure out, it took some doing to get him down. So after that I couldn't wait to see the next one. Then it turned out the next boss was exactly the same guy with a different color! EVERY BOSS IS THE SAME! Bosses could have been so amazing if they gave them a little more effort! Such a waste!But alas, the game is what it is, and even though I think there was a LOT of room for improvement, I still enjoy Mad Max. Everything in the game is decent, it is *very* well optimized, and the game is just fun to play. So my conclusion: not all that special, but a solid game nonetheless. If you have less money to burn than me, I'd wait until it drops to about 30 bucks and then give it a shot. It's fun, really, it is."
,Recommended,234140,35073595,Posted: 19 September,all,Huggbees,"My name is Max.I once killed over 20 men just for 7 pieces of scrap metal.I drive around the desert with a hunchback mutant firing a rocket launcher from the back seat of my car.I became so famous I gained the ability to grow a beard, wear a pair of goggles and smear oil on my face.I recommend this game."
76561198139822691,Recommended,234140,17835759,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,HAVOK,"Good game, runs extremely smooth, interesting characters and plotlines. There is alot to do in the game, however once you have done a bit of everything, gets very repetitive."
,Recommended,234140,17849931,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sumindaniro,"Well...the rating says it all ""Overwhelmingly Positive"".Pros- Superb Graphics.- Well optimized.- Gameplay is great.- Lots of things to do.- Batman style combat.- Vehicular combat is the best since we can be creative and destroy enemies in really fun ways.Cons - None11/10"
,Recommended,234140,19884627,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OmniNerd,This game is absolutely Mad10/10
,Recommended,234140,25203369,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Purple Dogg,"This story about a man and his car is still a better love story than Twilight.Surprised me how good a game it actually is, considering most movie-games are somewhat lacking. Pretty good open world, challenging combat, loads of upgrades and actual meaning involved on sidequests, since you have to do a few in order to get a specific exclusive upgrade.The only thing I find somewhat lacking is the story itself. But it's been a hell of a ride that kept me going for a lot longer than i had originally antecipated.Find my reviews athttp://rubberchickengames.com/author/ricardo-mota/"
76561198023478427,Recommended,234140,25578829,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,McClonkenbonk,"This is the one game I keep going back to.  Not interested in writing a longass review.  Besides, I believe that is the highest praise I could give it or any other game."
76561198062859385,Recommended,234140,17849676,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Hitman_Actual,"VIDEO MODE!!!!! thank god for this. You can adjust the FOV, turn off DOF and blur.Now we just need a first person mod! whoot game looks and plays great! cant wait to get further in"
76561197982934202,Recommended,234140,34191279,Posted: 12 August,all,AnusChronicles,♥♥♥♥en decent movie adaptation. Won't disappoint.
,Recommended,234140,22131089,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Droth31,"This game is a pretty balanced mix between old-style Max (from Mad Max 1 & 2) and visual elements closer to Mad Max : Fury Road.Somehow it works really well. The game is quite repetitive after a while, true. And best engine/vehicle is unlocked at the very end, which is pretty stupid. But still... the ambient, the (very) dark story, the gameplay that's all fun. Just loved it!If it's on sale, just jump on it. And enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,234140,17826014,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,The Infamous Hobo,Pros:-best performance of any game 2k15-fleshed out combat-huge open world-side missions for more loot + unique scrap-chumbucketCon (singular)-refresh rate goes only up to 60hz? (i have a 144hz Asus VG248QE and this is the first time this issue has arisen for me)I wonder if other people with 60+hz panels have the same issue...
,Recommended,234140,17968977,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[ScrN]The Janitor,Pros:dem graphicsdem V8 engine soundsthose silly War criersreally well optimized gamethere is a Dogeeating maggots out of rotten corpses if low on healthDay/Night cycle with random SandstormsCons:getting punched in the face by flying scrap during a SandstormI was fighting some dude in a minefield and did a suplex on a hidden landmine.10/10 Would suplex again.
,Not Recommended,234140,25707634,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,sln,"I find it pretty boring. Too many scrap locations and not enough actual content. Max's main goal seems to be GET THE V8. Doesn't seem to care about Scrotus or anyone else. You storm strong holds, beat up goons then fight a TOP DOG if you're in the right strong hold. You gotta fight the same boss 8+ times though. Every topdog and big boss outside of story missions is just a copy paste. To beat the story you just need to fight one! Then you just needs to get that V8 then get guilt tripped into being an errand boy some more. I'd say it's worth picking up during a strong sale. Less than $15."
,Recommended,234140,28225182,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Neurotic,Ez game for me!
,Recommended,234140,25521923,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,RyDogPants,"Must buy, especially if on sale. Must! Story line is quite long with lots of side quests. Free roamsing with huge map. Terrain is fricking amazing with the dusk storms that kick up randomly. Quit reading and buy it."
,Recommended,234140,33893414,Posted: 29 July,all,neimad,"Very similar playstyle to the Batman:Arkham games, with vehicle combat and base/gear upgrades via resource accumulation. Not a lot of replayability once you've finished the main questline, however the journey is the reward.Defnitely worth the price."
,Recommended,234140,22231478,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,slovenc95,Played it 10 hours straight in a day. Almost forgot to eat.
,Recommended,234140,17826365,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,taeles,"Alright. 48/49 achievements down. Full story beat. Play time isnt accurate to my steam account as a friend plays when I'm not. The above save (mine) sits at 99.3 hours total for anyone curious and the final achievement is... one that could take an hour or another ten heh.Fun game, open world. Vehicle use feels like RAGE or Far Cry 4 with a masterpiece combat system. Grappeling hooks, thunderpoon(rocket launcher), nitrous, fully upgradeable vehicles, over fifty vehicles ingame btw.On foot combat is melee focused, your only ranged weapon is your shotgun but ammunition limits plus overall use steers you towards melee combat which feels like any of the batman titles.The story itself feels set aside all the way until the last 15% of the story play at which point it goes knee deep and becomes more engaging. Sadly though it dosent answer some popular questions amongst this franchises fanbase such as a, where is fury road timeline wise with the original trilogy and b, is this the original mad max or someone else and c, is he married before the game or during the game only.Thankfully the story isnt the main focus of enjoyment. There are hundreds of places to explore/loot, vehicles to collect and upgrade, talent points, races, convoys to chase everywhere, strongholds to build, relics to collect, it rocks!I walk away from this game now (until some sort of dlc of course) satisfied that I got my money's worth out of it. I'd like dlc, I'd like more lore depth explored, more non hostile groups out there in the wastes to encounter, more exploration in to ruins of the old world, there's lots of potential here. I have no hope that this game will match fallout 4 when it arrives but there is ALOT that can be done to this game to put it on a level near F4 when it hits in november :)"
,Recommended,234140,17825621,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,G1 VapeKing.co.za,Very well optimized. Controls are a bit strange at first but easy to get used to. Overall a great PC Port and that is always the fear with games these days..Runs super smooth and looks great!
,Recommended,234140,29131015,Posted: 8 January,all,Liquid,"Bom, pra quem gosta da série cinematográfica, é um ""must have"". O jogo traz elemento de RPG (upando níveis do personagem em atributos, assim como no carro que você usa) somados a um sandbox. A história é bem simples. Gira em torno de vingança pura e simples. O jogo é extremamente bonito e bem feito se você jogá-lo no high/ultra. O estudio que produziu o jogo caprichou com louvor na qualidade do gráfico, efeitos e afins. Porem nem tudo é perfeito. O jogo peca em sua repetição. Há elementos repetitivos que te farão querer terminar o jogo logo, pois você não mais o aguentará. Eu, lootiando e fazendo todas as side quests, joguei por volta de 45 horas. Se você rushar o main mission, você reduz o game pra umas 8 horas. É um jogo que com certeza vale tê-lo, mas não pelo full price, porém numa promoção.7/10."
,Recommended,234140,17855157,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Evianna,The only bad thing about this game is that it doesn't play Darude when you're in a sandstorm!
,Not Recommended,234140,29403294,Posted: 21 January,all,Astrolite,"I really want to like this game but it doesn't let me play it the way I want to. This is supposed to be MAD MAX but I'm forced to play the game in a stupid linear fashion reducing 'threat levels' and whatnot in order to unlock upgrades. Makes an otherwise crazy and chaotic game seem like grandmas trek down the linear hallway. Some games can only be good if they're broken, and this is one of them. Unfortunately, someone took all the fun away and locked it in a box. Reduce threat level in this arbitrary zone to level 2 in order to unlock."
,Recommended,234140,18002428,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Boy,"Much like the cars in it Mad Max looks good but is a bit creaky underneath. This review will probably contain SPOILERS, but only for like the first five minutes because the games a bit repetitive.First, the good:This game feels so much like the Batman games I originally thought it was the same developer. Which means the combat is pretty fluid and visceral, you feel like a total badass and it never feels far-fetched that Max is more than capable of taking down ten guys at once.The driving is nice, takes a little getting used to and the cars feel doughy sometimes but flying down the dusty tracks in your hand-built monster is a fun experience.The customisation is spot-on, I was eagerly anticipating having enough scrap for some of the personal or vehicle add-ons and they all make a noticeable difference.Now for the bad:Mad Max _feels_ like the Batman games but it doesn't look like the Batman games, mainly because the camera is so poor in close quarters that you can't see anything at all. This can lead to getting hit in fights you should be walking simply because the camera decided showing Max and the dude he's fighting is too much work so it points somewhere above their heads. Considering half the combat is in close confines this can get very annoying.Also the enemy design is lacking inspiration. For general mobs there's weak dude, melee weapon dude, fast dude with a knife and shield dude. OK, so there's the occasional suicide bomber and some weird ""ferals"" who come at you like dogs but mainly you will have a mix of the first four. Bosses are even worse, there is only one type: big, muscley dudes with melee weapons. Oh, one is weak to knives, one is weak to fire, the usual, but you end up beating them all the same way.The vehicle combat is ridiculous. Either you will get ganked super-fast by some dude rubbing up on you or you will be wasting the enemy in seconds. There is no in-between, no long, ongoing games of cat and mouse. If you are in front, no matter how fast your car is, you will be caught. But if your car catches on fire you can bail out and be as dangerous on foot as you were in your vehicle. It makes you wonder why Max needs a car in the first place.The in-game races are very strange, the other racers show little amibition to reach the finish line first, they would rather pick a fight with you. Just you, not each other and certainly not with the other cars you might meet on the road which will be drawn to you like you have a magnet as a hood ornament.There are a few more quibbles like Max using his shotgun to bust stuff when he has a crowbar right next to the holster but that's more of a logic flaw then an actual problem with the game itself. In short, the game is fun 80% of the time but the other 20% will have you throwing your gamepad at the wall."
76561198195036314,Recommended,234140,32927595,Posted: 28 June,all,Champignon,"Great game, fun to play, has a lot of content. Runs great on GNU/linux specially with the Vulkan beta (which has only very few minor graphic glitches in the pause menu). The game runs 60fps+ at 1080p.The graphics are gorgeous the wasteland is very well rendered, specially the lightning effects and most specifically the volume-light.The modeling of characters, animation, voice acting are very good. The combat mechanic is fun, loads of exploration which is good in such a nice rendered environment.Took me about 70 hours to finish the game concidering I got it on sale for 5 bucks I can say it's well worth buying.Only one downside to the game, the story sux..."
76561197984525550,Recommended,234140,28564187,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Slikke,"This is a STEAL at 7 bucks!  No its not Fallout 4 or GTA V, but it is raw fun, with a great story and challenging combat..  I wouldn't pay 60 bucks for it, but 7.....  HECK YES!!!"
,Recommended,234140,32971370,Posted: 28 June,all,Vaul,"A very entertaining game for me and worth the play time. It would have been nice if the story was flushed out a bit more, and had more actual quests to do rather than the grinding for strongholds and taking over areas. It can get to be a bit grind to knock out all the achievements, but the driving and blowing things up is still fun enough that I fininshed them all."
76561198073371516,Not Recommended,234140,18068813,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,DagestanSupremeCouncil,"How you feel about this game is entirely based on what you consider to be ""entertaining"" content and how much of said content you are willing to consume in a single game.We'll start off with the pros:- Graphics are downright gorgeous in a lot of places, particularly when it comes to the cars and the Gas Town environments.- On foot combat system is cinematic and entertaining at the start (more on that later), with a lot of the animations remaining realistic and brutal in a lot of cases.- Car customization is pretty cool, although more bodies would have been nice considering three of them are very similar anyway.- Game is an amazing PC port with an extensive array of graphics options.- Optimization is pretty damn good with frame rates being far higher than what you would expect when considering how good the game looks, although there are some relatively significant frame rate dips in a lot of the later environments such as Gas Town.- A lot of interesting characters and well done voice acting, I'm impressed by how they managed to make Max the miserable git that he is supposed to be.And now for the cons, which may be more significant to some people than to others:- I would say roughly 85% of this game is just busy work. You spend the majority of your time looting tiny locations, pulling down scarecrows, collecting somewhat useless ""project"" parts with no real rewarads at the end. If you aren't doing any of these things then you are most likely doing smallish missions for group leaders, and althought these missions have some story to them, they almost always end up being a boring fetch quest like the project parts.- Bugger all reward for completing the tasks above, the most tangible reward I have seen is lowering the threat rating gets rid of a lot of those god damn annoying war boy patrols which get in your way of completing your fetch quests. The rewards from completing projects are almost pointless since it is hardly difficult to restore your health and ammunition anyway.- Gas tanks are far too large and the sheer amount of fuel laying around is just strange. The cars you are driving are supposed to be insanely powerful, over the top beasts of engineering, and yet they seem to chew through fuel slower than a Prius. You could probably finish the majority of the storyline on a single fuel tank, and even if you did need to refuel it's not like there isn't a thousand fuel cans in your general area.- No real survival mechanics in the game. Max goes on and on about survival, but for some reason he never needs to eat, drink or take care of wounds. All food and drink does is restore your health and give you an easy achievement.- The combat system is mundane and, in my opionion, far too streamlined. Although the animations look really cool the combat system itself is nothing more than a left-click rolling fest. There is no need to time your attacks properly, getting into a 10:1 fight doesn't matter since all you have to do is wait from a counter prompt, strong attacks are almost useless since they do bugger all damage and just leave you exposed, no real attack combinations to speak of. ""Fury"" mode is far too easy to activate, only requiring around 6 hits to activate while also restoring your health in the middle of combat.- Boss fights are just slighlt longer normal fights, again just waiting for the right prompts and spamming that left-click.- Vehicle combat had a lot of potential to be great when you consider all the upgrades you can do to your car to increase survivability. The number of things you can use to destroy the enemy is fairly solid, ranging from simply smahing into them, or by shooting them with rockets. However none of this matters when you discover that the harpoon can literally end a fight in about 3 seconds, especially when you start to get the later upgrades to it. Vehicle combat goes from something that had a lot of cool features to nothing more than a harpoon simulator. Obviously you can limit yourself on how much you use the harpoon, but that is just an example of poor game design forcing the player to gimp their own playstyle for the sake of making combat more interesting.- Story is your typical Mad Max type where from some reason the most important thing in the world is an engine, which is fine. The problem is that the story is held back by your typical RPG style events which make no sense and are nothing more than padding for what is a pretty short story. Why, for example, do I need have very specific car parts (which are worse than what I already own) simply to progress the story? The ""Archangel"" system seems so pointless and eventually became another obstacle for me to grind out.Conclusion:If you are a die hard fan of the Mad Max series I would be cautious about buying this game. Take a step back a minute and understand that sometimes it is better to skip a part of a series you like in order to preserve your opinion of it, Bioshock fans probably understand this quite well. While the core feeling of ""Mad Max"" is present, it is just plauged by so much boring nonsense that it made this game a chore to play, which as everyone knows is a terrible title for a game to be given. At no point during the game did I feel like any of this busy work meant anything, and it eventually got to the point where I said ♥♥♥♥ it and just tried to finish the game. Believe me I have not missed out on anything by making this decision.Some people out there are fans of busy work games, they like doing the same repetitive task over and over again, and for them this could possibly be the perfect game. However in my eyes this game just isn't fun, and the biggest part of gaming for me is the fun factor, everything else comes second."
,Recommended,234140,17841489,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dipsky,"lovely game,,, what a lovely game!!"
,Recommended,234140,17824516,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Spooky Cazze,"Mad Max. Damn, this game is stunning in every conceivable way. The combat is very fluid and responsive, graphics are amazing and highly detailed, and the optimization is to the MAX. Literally, the game so far, and I am about 90 minutes in and it has not disappointed me. The combat has that Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor feel and the movement is very smooth. The story so far is very intriguing especially if you are or are not a Mad Max fan. You will love it and feel as if you are Max himself in the Wasteland.I will continue to edit this as well as I am getting farther into the game.Rate 10 to the Max. 10/10."
76561198024218344,Recommended,234140,17824403,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Gaming Raz,They did it right!Thanks Avalanche Studios. Thanks Warner Bros. and THANKS GEORGE MILLER!
76561198030570438,Recommended,234140,19688758,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ringod123,"Fantastic looking game with awesome lighting and effects. Runs as smooth as butter fully maxed out on a decent rig and is flat out eye candy from start to finish.Massive open world with tons to do, just bear in mind its mainly based around fighting and driving, imaging Shadow of Mordor with a Mad Max re-skin and you wont be far off.At its' current price it's well worth picking up, with anywhere between 30-60 hours gameplay, and when on sale it's an absolute steal!IMHO one of the most underrated games of 2015!"
,Recommended,234140,26876673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B.Ombama,Addictive and sad ride at the remnants of a former world.
76561198005460050,Not Recommended,234140,25740308,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Candlejack,"This game has too many good reviews for its own good. I can't honestly recommend it. Have doubt about all the good reviews, as this game is sadly too much sandbox and too much about graphics, anything else didn't got the proper attention. The bad things are outweighing the good things.Good:+Graphics: Even rocks are looking good.+Cars: Yeah, yeah, it's Mad Max alright.+Fighting: Have Batman/SoM style of combat, with a Shotgun and Shivs!+Sandbox: Have the sandiest Sandbox you can imagine and give it Mad Max style, done.+Mad Max: Most of us know it, most of us love it.+Controls: Simple and easy, sadly.Neutral:~Sandbox: Yep, it keeps going to be sandy with Mad Max style.~Weapons: Yeah, nothing bad, nothing good.~Mad Max: They try to fit it into the Mad Max Universe with collecting History Relics.Bad:-Sandbox: At the end are you just tired of this, with Mad Max style! Feels like you are on a island.-Mad Max: They don't even try, sometimes you can tell, they are forcing to fit into the Mad Max Universe.-Fighting: Yes, it is good, and it is bad too.-Enemies: Copy-paste Enemies in different looks in different Factions. ""Top Dogs"" are literally all the same actually.-Cars: Why take other cars?-Unnecessary Challenges: Yeah, if you manage to use the game mechanics against your enemies, its going easy mode.-Territories: Reducing the threats to get all the Upgrades, not really fun after half the game. Especially the damn Minefields, that have actually no impact, but yet are a Threat, for whatever reasons. Even enemy patrols are caring for Minefields.-Stealth: There is no stealth, the Enemies know, you are there, even if they are behind a thick wall and you have your lights off in a dark tunnel, you being in complete darkness.-Enemy awareness: The enemy knows, that you are there, don't try to hide or going around them.-Enemy cars spawning: You can keep looking around and stare on your minimap, you don't see them coming until Chum tells, what kind of enemies are appearing and then they are magical there.-Simple controls: Yep, bad point there too. Because too much is bound to ONE button. That ONE button opens doors, loot the corpses, pick up weapons, putting Finishers on enemies and to climb marked stuff. Yep, best part, the actions overlap each other. Top Dog fight, you want to finish him and...loots the corpse instead, because Reasons!-No combos: Yes, there is a lack of combos.-Scraps: EVERYTHING UNLOCKABLE is brought with Scraps. Just take Scraps to get a better Jacket! Or Scraps to get better Tires! Oh, you found the best Tires? Still spent Scraps to install it! Seriously, they tried to put Grind into this Game and that Grind is actually just a joke.-Upgrades: You must earn Tokens to upgrade Max. Sounds good, but after half the game i already have a full buffed Max, taking away the actual difficulty of the camps.-Difficulty Spikes: Yep, even fully buffed and unlocked all the Upgrades of your Car, there are missions, you hate and are FORCED to play. Best Example, the Big Chief Race, you have to change your Car to be fast and agile, and yet does the game not tell you, that you have unlimited ammo, while you try to save ammo for Gum.-Nice Start and Terrible Ending: Sounds complicated? Well, you are forced to watch a little move at the Start, that gives you the Mad Max feeling, but it is a movie, you have to wait. Then finally, after the movie, you can start playing, the tutorial, which you can't skip it as it unlocks the stuff you need to be able to do. And the end finishes off with a movie too! But that ending...terrible.-Yellow Marked stuff: Want to climb and interact with the world? Look out for yellow marked stuff, because Max refuses to touch anything else!-Unnecessary stuff: Jumping, why is jumping in the game when Max doesn't want to jump? And the forced Jimmybar, which is actually a Crowbar, just feel unnecessary and forced. What were the Devs thinking?-Sound Bugs: Yep, this exists too in the game.-Story: Won't spoil it, but to be honest, go watch the Mad Max movies, they are better.-Literal Screenshot places: Yep, there are spots, where you are thinking: Best place to make screenshot with the graphics and the special option to do so. I don't even try to find them but the game is full of them, i started to think, that the Devs wanted a Mad Max Screenshot game instead of this.-No DLC: In SoM atleast had DLCs, one in particular which gave us wonderful content to play with. But this game, no DLC, no reason to keep playing it.I played it through, i got all the Upgrades and upgraded all the Strongholds. And this game gets mediocre after half the game, as you really have nothing to fear actually. All these good reviews must had their Honeymoon phase as this game just offers Mad Max, in a Car, in a Sandbox with Objectives. Sounds like a Mad Max Movie? Atleast the Movies are nice to watch and enjoyable.In all honesty, i'm dissapointed. The start feels good, really. But at the half of the game, are you starting to wonder, why there are so many stones in the way, not obstacles, because obstacles would be atleast challenging. With the stones, you are just forced to stumble over them. And the end, UGH, so dissapointing, so stupid, so foreseeable and no challenge at all."
,Not Recommended,234140,25123584,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Waldschatten,"I was actually enjoying this game, but nowhere on the store page or in the EULA does it state that this includes Denuvo.I really need to start researching what king of poison is included in the games I buy since neither valve, nor many of the publishers who choose to include these ""protections"" in their games, are willing to admit it.I've skipped quite a few games because it includes this, buying a game with it in there after not buying other games that look more interesting than this post-apocalyptic Batman knock-off makes me angry.Nine hours played before I found out or I would refund the game."
76561198025153403,Not Recommended,234140,30517787,Posted: 14 March,all,Wrawmon Newdole,"No apologies button masher (it even directly tells you at times to “mash button”).  Gameplay is long if you want to complete all the given tasks.  You can skip by a lot of things but you end up at more of a disadvantage as you go along.  Lots of grind to make the game seem long.You’ve got only a couple buttons to worry about in the button masher and that is incredibly frustrating at times.  Want to open a gate that the game tells you to kick open? Hold “E”.  Want to open a gate that the game tells you to use a pry bar on?  Hold “E” until it tell your to “mash button” then keep hammering “E”.  Want to pick up loot?  Guess what: hold “E”.  Want to pick up a weapon, hold “E”.  Want to drop the weapon?  You’d think it’s another button but… just… hold “E”!  Want to climb a ladder?  Hold “E”.  You can probably guess you’ll be dropping things sometimes when you want to climb while holding it.  It happens way more than you’d think to the point of annoyance.  Just really uninspired gameplay controls, shameful even.  Oh yeah, want to get in a vehicle?  Hold “F”.  (You thought I was going to say hold “E” right?)Fights go the way you think.  Just keep hitting that attack button (mouse1) till it tells you to either hold “E” for a special move or repeatedly hit “E” when it doesn’t explicitly say to hold.When you want to block it’s the other mouse button, but be careful that button also starts the targeting cycle for the shotgun so if you hold it too long you’ll start the targeting cycle for the shotgun leaving yourself exposed for some other enemy to make a swing on and you’ll never block that once the target cycle starts.  Sometimes in fights you'll get into a fight animation with one enemy and another one will start an attack and you can't block because that action doesn't follow the animation you already triggered so you'll get hit.  Happens very frequently if you're on higher difficulty to the point that you'll get killed often by enemies with no way to stop it from happening.You get the point I hope.  Lots of repeated button mashing and holding like you’re some kind of lowly console user that can't handle more than 4 buttons...I'd have no problem with it if it allowed more buttons to be used for different tasks.  If ""drop weapon/item"" wasn't the same as ""climb"" and if he'd pick up the enemy-dropped items without a 3 second animation that'd be a great start.I know it's a console port, but dang.  Just so much time wasted in fluff that wouldn't need to be there in a ""great game"", so it's a ""meh"" game."
,Not Recommended,234140,26489950,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dyne,"Batman: Arkham Desert is the hottest game of 2015! In it you play a man known as ""The Saint"" (Saints Row easter egg or reference to the amazing Val Kilmer movie, you decide) driving around the Mojave wasteland in a car which possesses the magical ability to defy all laws of physics! You will be entertained for hours as you battle hordes of enemies who have the exact same models and skins as each other using your bare hands, Bruce Wayne's signature shotgun, and four whole melee weapons that are useful for MINUTES before they either break or aren't needed anymore.How about engine features?! They have you covered: any time you tab out of the game and then come back to it, your resolution will be reset to whatever your desktop is at... EVERY TIME! But oh wait there's more! The only way to change your resolution is to escape to the main menu. Is that not enough for you? It gets better.... there's no save function in the game aside from the unreliable autosaves!Some more of the exciting features in Mad Max: Beyond Playtesting are being able to decimate your vehicle upon clipping a wall yet surviving a 200 foot drop off of a mountain, combatting a handful of mini-bosses who are exactly the same save for a different colored skin (unique enemies confuse me so I'm grateful for this), and being able to capture vehicles from the enemy factions which you will use in the game AT LEAST ZERO TIMES!Oh and let's not forget the minefields! Throughout the game there are patches of minefields placed in fields of dirt that you would never in your wildest dreams need to drive through and the only way to get rid of them is to SELECT AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT VEHICLE WITH NO COMBAT CAPABILITIES AND THEN GET OUT AND DISARM THEM BY HAND! OVER AND OVER! TWO TIMES PER REGION! That is replayability, my friends!Don't hesitate, dear reader! Pick up a copy of Fallout: Sydney today and enjoy the kind of repetitive gameplay that can only be brought to you by the short sighted development and rushed production that we've come to expect from Warner Brothers!"
76561198184744597,Not Recommended,234140,35118714,Posted: 21 September,all,JTRON,"Steam's okay-est Australia simulator.What separates Mad Max from other action film franchises? Vehicular combat of course!Does this game feature vehicular combat? well sure.. sometimes.Mostly you will be driving from bunker to bunker and when you get there you leave the car behind for some standard, repetitive Warner Bros basically-arkham-series fist fights.The games plot centers around hunting for an 8 cylinder engine so you can get to the next fist fight faster.The convoys are neat, lots of vehicular mayhem there! but theres only like 10 and they dont reswawn.Overall delivered about 30% of the vehicular carnage I wanted. The other 70% of the game was standard, safe, on-the-beaten-path, AAA developer open world tedium. The mine fields were especially awful.Also: ♥♥♥♥ Warner Bros. I got this game from a humble bundle and I still regret that a tiny percentage of my $4 went to them."
,Recommended,234140,17901513,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cynical Nerdist,"A triple A title with an ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" rating that is actually perfectly optimized, well worth the 60 dollar purchase price, and is actually very enjoyable?What a lovely day in age this is."
76561198048908940,Recommended,234140,19320679,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,Hi my names Bear Grylls and im here to show you how to survive in modern day australia!Step 1: Find some native bogans.Step 2: Make them♥♥♥♥♥♥their ♥♥♥♥ing teeth for a week.Step 3: Get yourself a good feed of maggots.Step 4: Grind base takeovers and car convoys for hours because australias difficulty curb inst a ♥♥♥♥ing curb... its a right angle.
,Recommended,234140,17932395,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,thetxrig,"WILL EDIT WHEN I GET MORE GAME TIME INBeginning:Pros:1. Graphics are stunning,I wish i had a better monitor so i could soak in the scenery of this game2. I wouldnt know about how optimized it is becuase i have a good graphics card (980m in my laptop) but im running it on max settings3. Driving is weird at first but im only 2 hours in and have gotten used to it4. combat has a nice crunch to it5. scrap gives you a sense of ""skyrim syndrome"" making you want to search every nook and cranny6. customization seems massive7. atmosphere is great8. overall fun to roam aroundCons:1. i ran into an audio bug 2 hours in that wasnt terrible but it turned off all dialouge2. after the mission where i had the bug, i tried to get back into my car but found i couldnt, so i tried to run away and signal it over to me, i tried to kill myself to reset area ( glitch kept ""game over"" screen from coming up), and i tried pausing and restarting but esc didnt work. I had to force quit the game with task manager and now the first loading screen glitches out so i cant play again. Im uninstalled the game and am now downlaoding it again to see if that fixes the problem. Really really REALLY annoying, but the bit of the game that i did play makes me want to get back at it regardless of the bug.3. combat as satisfying as it is, is over too quickly. 3-4 warboys run at you and youre done beating them to a pulp in like 30 seconds. the fights are few and far between right now, so you dont really get to have fun with it.4. same goes for car combat. i find more cars than warboys to fight, but they tend to run away from me 30-50% of the time and whenever you defeat them, it takes you out of the action of exploring to slowly get out of the car, run over to get the scarp from the destroyed car, and slowly get back in. I dont want to say its a chore, but it slows things down a lot5. theres a lot of awesome customization, but its all locked unless you run all over the place doing chores for people. Sure it keeps you at a good pace but its frustraiting since you just want that awesomness now.Even with all those cons, i really enjoyed the bit of the game i did get to play. i cant wait for it to finish downloading so i can go kick more♥♥♥♥♥but hopefully with less bugs"
,Recommended,234140,18125326,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,lupeludacris,75 hours spent. 75 hours enjoyed. Totally worth the price.
,Recommended,234140,17904299,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,XBX1134,"Awesome Game! Exremely fun, I've seen complaints that it's boring and the combat sucks, the idiots that wrote those reviews are doing it wrong. It also runs perfectly, I havent noticed a single glitch and it hasnt crashed a single time."
,Recommended,234140,18045034,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[B2O] Duke,"I was hesitant about picking up Mad Max simply because it's one of my all time favorite movie series, well, except that POS Beyond Thunderdome. It's typically hit and miss when a Developer tries to adapt a movie franchise as a video game (anyone remember The Thing?) so I thought I'd wait for others to influence me on this one.What video I'd seen prior to purchase made it look beautiful (as beautiful as a wasteland can anyway) and fluid from a gameplay standpoint.Around this time a fellow Member at Band of Others picked up the game and was raving about it so I thought I'd give it a try.Not expecting much, I was  completely blown away by Mad Max.It's an exceptionally well done port, plays very fluidly, has great sounds, terrific environments and in oddly fun. Vehicle combat is very satisfying particularly when you're trying to take down trade routes and the Arkham style combat is done well.The game is a bit light on story but given the fact Max isn't exactly what you'd call a story driven franchise it doesn't seem to detract from the game much, if at all.The environments are absolutely amazing and surprisingly diverse as are the camps you'll need to infiltrate to complete objectives.The one area I'd like to address though is the critique toward the looting system. Reviewers have been a bit negative toward this citing that you don't get a lot of scrap for completing loot areas or destroying vehicles (for example). I just don't understand this critique as how much scrap do you think you can get off a destroyed vehicle, it's destroyed?Also, it's a post apocalyptic wasteland so can you really expect there to be scrap lying around everywhere?I feel those reviews completely miss the point about what this story is about so don't let it guide you into not playing the game. In fact, the game does a good job of helping you collect scrap once you build up certain projects within strong holds.I'd go as far as to say that at this point the scrap system goes too far because it becomes too easy to collect scrap.Of course one can also pick issues here and there such as the game having fetch quests and that some elements are repetitive. Personally I think this is also reaching a bit as it's the recipe most Open World Games use so it's little different in this regard.Honestly, this is a very well done game that is overall just a blast to play."
,Recommended,234140,21677994,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Pete The Pizza,"What, a movie tie-in game that's actually really good at being Mad Max-y, and good at being a game?The good:-Manages to faithfully capture the atmosphere (and weirdness) of the Mad Max movies down to fine details while also being a fun game. It's like they watched the films and thought ""oh wow, that bit would be really fun to do, let's figure out a way to work that into our game"" - I imagine the convoy bits are one of those, as when I saw the films I always wanted to play something like that... chasing after a big dust cloud in the distance, closing in on it, taking out each car one by one as the situation allows (some of their cars are weak enough that you can yank off their tyres, or take out their doors then charge up and shotgun them in the face, or just ram them off the road at oppurtune moments) or just dashing up to the lead car to take it out while being bashed and honked at while guys with bizarre face paint leap onto your car, with the roar of about 10 V8s in the background. Glorious!-Oh, and the several other parts of the game which are basically all the bits of the film you'd want to do (hint: TWO MEN ENTER, ONE MAN LEAVES!). Half of the car upgrades are tied into side quests or challenges too, of which there are many, so there's plenty to do (though little variation, but i'll get to that).-The environments are surprisingly mixed for what's basically one big desert so it doesn't look samey after an hour or anything.-Car customisation is very good, and fun, with thousands of possible combinations. Mods for armour/defence add weight (so hurt speed, grip and handling) so it doesn't always make sense to just max out everything unless you're happy with a middling all-rounder (which looks badass though, so there's that).-As others say, it runs really well for a console port (sad that this has became something of an exception), my computer's showing its age but runs this on medium settings with no problem (apart from very rare 4-5 second freezes, oddly).The bad:-The story kiiind of meanders a bit and isn't much, but then none of the Mad Max films had deep stories, more of a... I don't know, a backstory that told itself (from the freakshows that are the characters, hints in dialogue, and the general scenery) while the events on screen played out? That's not to say they're shallow, all-action films (i'm sure it's about 30 minutes into Mad Max 1 before there's even any dialogue), just that if you're looking for a story to follow, you won't find much of one. It's not noticeably *bad* at all, just meanders a bit, but that's Mad Max (as a series, or ""franchise"" to use that dreaded word) for you.-Combat (hand to hand) is a bit... samey. Even if you're surrounded by bad guys it's easy as you just have to parry when you see the symbol and you can almost avoid getting hit entirely (unless there's tons of them, in which case it's hard work keeping up as 2-3 of those can be trying to hit you at once) - despite several enemy types with different strategies, it still mostly comes down to 'parry when you see the symbol, a couple light hits then a strong hit to finish'. You're invulnerable during finishing moves too. So yeah, fights are mostly an obstacle rather than a challenge, but not unenjoyable.-The missions are pretty repetitive - pretty much all you'll be doing is drive somewhere, blow something up, beat up some bad guys, job done. Sometimes there'll be a boss. Otherwise you'll just be pulling down sniper towers or scarecrows with a harpoon. (That aside, it's strangely addictive, ""i'll just clear out this enemy camp then go to bed..."" [5 hours later] ""...oops"")-Possibly a nitpick, but slightly awkward menu system that was clearly designed for consoles, PC-ised as an afterthought. The controls ingame reflect that too, so take a little getting used to, but not really a problem after you're familiar with them. Funnily enough there's controller support but you can't use both without third party software.-Oh, one last thing, really minor, but don't waste points upgrading fuel efficiency. You're blasting a V8 around full pelt in a heavy armoured car, yet a full tank lasts over an hour of abuse. And fuel is fairly plentiful despite the films making a point of it being a sought after commodity.That's about it really. I should stop since I've already written too much. Had to try hard to come up with bad points (they're mostly bit nitpicky, as admitted) so on balance, I really enjoy this game and have been recommending it to a few people. Have 31 hours in it currently and can see myself happily putting in another hundred, or however long, to 100% it.TL;DR - Yes."
76561198199765873,Recommended,234140,26028335,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Black GhosT ©,nice
76561198049498552,Recommended,234140,17838001,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AtomBombBaby,"I was hesitant to buy this game after the ficaso with Batman Arkham Knight. I am glad I did though because even if they share the same publisher, Avalanche have optimised this game more than the PC version of Arkham Knight! I have a FX 8350 and an R9 270, running it smooth 50-60fps, Ultra @ 1080p. The story is a bit lackluster though, as in my 9 hours of playing the game, all the campaign seems to be is ""find more upgrades for the car"".Pros:-Awesome vehicle combat-Customisation is brilliant-Beautiful-Optimised!Cons:-Story is a bit dull (so far)-On foot combat is just button smashing(Can't remember if you can update reviews, if you can I will update when I have completed the campaign)"
,Recommended,234140,28536436,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Plunto,"A sleeper hit. One of the best games of 2015.Sure, the quests are mundane, but it's just something about the game itself that keeps making me want to go back."
,Recommended,234140,17950937,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Tingler,Mad Max is crazy fun. Something about driving a muscle car all geeked up through the wasteland and getting attacked by roving bands of maniacs. Shotgunning them from the hood of your car before they kick your face in...or slinging them off with radical stops...or my favorite so far...having my hunchback sidekick harpoon their cars...and either pull it to pieces or pull them out of the car. It's intense and fun. Fighting is fun. A bit easier then Batman but still fun. Cons would be it's definitely better suited for controller. First person driving is a fun..but not always preferable as some of the cars have limited sight. Great story so far. It's the prequel the film. My two cents plus one.
,Recommended,234140,17870404,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Hurricane Calvin,"There aren't words to describe how fun I find this game.As a long time fan of the movies, I think George Miller would say this game is indeed awaited in Valhalla, all Shiny and Chrome."
76561197985639455,Recommended,234140,29069927,Posted: 6 January,all,Hij@ck3r,"Awesome game!Great, very solid, entertaining and polished (& plenty!) gameplay! Well done open world and sooo atmospheric, especially if you like the movie(s). Nice mix between RPG/driving/openworld and a good part of 3rd-persion-action game!*Aboth all great combat-systems i kind of enjoy in every encounter:-> on foot, the feetback of the hand to hand-combat is as good as the choreography is brutal and convincing, without being too brutal or too martial-arty. The wrestling-moves and the implementation of makeshift meele- and ranged-weapons are immersive, lore-firendly and well designed. Looking good.-> in the car - great explosions and the way how you get more and more options while proceeding in the story and in the upgrades and design of your car. Quiet balanced too and especially because of that also very entertaining and sometimes quiet challenging. Action-packed and a good variety from intense to entertaining, giving u a good feeling.<-> also there are a few things that combine ground combat with driving-combat like the ""mounted"" sniperrifle in the back, the harpoon and so on. Many ways and options to bring to a fight, on foot as well as in the car.* Exploring is very rewarding and getting stuff done like looting the locations to 100% is not always easy but its also not unfair or a pain in the ***. Good mixture between not to easy but also not that hard to get annoying if u want to get the ""maximum"" out.* Technically it feels quiet good developed, looking very nice on even lower settings and running well enough on older systems (w7, nvidia gtx460m, 3gbDDR3). Graphic-settings give you good (standard) options to configurate stuff.* Controls are also well done - on keyboard like on the controler, on foot and on the car.* Great sounds! The wasteland ambience, the car/engine-noises, the massive explosions and thundering shots sniper-rifle and shotgun...and so on. Soundtrack could be a little bit more present but this is complaining on a very high level.<- only downsides so far are for me:- the ""top-dog"" boss-enemies are quiet similar to each other- the character-perks of Max u can upgrade are maxed out quiet fast, and with that the cool meetings with the mysterious guy are done quiet soon (~after completing the bootom half of the (quiet big)map). At least if you play quiet thoroughly.! On the other hand they are all quiet useful, what is in my opinion much more important.Payed like 7€ on the wintersale. Worth this price many many times!"
76561198026455870,Recommended,234140,17950954,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Cannabe,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! This game is out of this world!
,Recommended,234140,20520012,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,jtgibson,"My only regret? That I purchased this on sale rather than paying full price. Because these people deserve every penny, and the world will be a terrible place if we don't get a sequel... or, hell, an entire series."
76561197989020946,Recommended,234140,25316966,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bishop,"Fun game, worth a go."
76561198108507092,Recommended,234140,24001869,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Doc Ran,"This game is damn good... The graphic is beautiful as ♥♥♥♥ !! Figthing is also fun, same as Shadow of Mordor.."
,Recommended,234140,18246183,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Taco,There is a boss named Rim Jobbie. 10/10.
,Recommended,234140,25810653,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Existence is Pain,"Been struggling to enjoy anything, but I enjoy this."
,Recommended,234140,25569700,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,"it's yah boy, Skinny Penis.","This game is beautiful and runs really well (r9 380 4gb i5 4460 12 gb of ram) on max settings preset. I got it on sale for $10, but I would happily pay full price. The combat is simple, yet rewarding. The cars are fun and easy to drive. The world is beautiful, and large. The entire game rewards, and requires exploring (dont worry it is fun to exploring). If you are a fan of open world games you will love this game.8/10 cant build a wall."
,Recommended,234140,25538596,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Drecx,"Demaciado bueno, muy bien hecho y super bien optimisado."
76561198072026278,Recommended,234140,17987150,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,chThemadhawk,it is so fun one of the best games of the year i have a really bad computer and i still managed to injoy it. the mix of the bad♥♥♥♥♥max and his loving side all merge in to one as you go along the story like you fined he is more than a bad♥♥♥♥♥and you can see the lonlynes and him missing his fammly 10/10 as good as the last of us
76561198047019880,Recommended,234140,21650822,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Frognutz,"This game is great, racing across the desert, leaveling emeny incampments, upgrades to your car. I would lose track of time, ""In 3 days I played 20+ hrs"" Only thing that it is lacking a little is more AI interaction in strongholds. otherwise 9/10"
,Recommended,234140,30083171,Posted: 21 February,all,Thak,"Add some GURPS and this is how Fallout 3+ should have been.In anycase, main campaign can be done in just around 15 hours without doing any side quests. This is in normal mode, and it is very easy to finish."
76561198058517456,Recommended,234140,28481511,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BeamishRex,Fun for a few hours then doing the same things over and over again gets boring. Worth a blast if on sale though
76561198190785357,Recommended,234140,19966729,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Addi Dii Vincii,"this is not the best open world out there, but it give you the epic moment and loot so its a 7 out of 10 hands down wait for a sale dont buy it full price ....."
76561198039039065,Recommended,234140,20099547,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GrayCryptoSpordium,"Got the pirated version first too try it out, this game is off the hook cool, bought it the next week. The developers who made this had a great idea. This game is a masterpiece."
76561197978480715,Recommended,234140,25598365,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Simply Jeff,This is exactly how I envisioned the apocalyptic wasteland of Mad Max to be like. Great game!
76561198167885392,Recommended,234140,17884987,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,End Me,Great story line and side missions 100/100
,Recommended,234140,17880296,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Reflex,"I was kinda spectical buying this game, but what i have experienced so far is just pure fun! Definetly a game worth buying :)"
,Recommended,234140,22397628,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fern,"Fun, great graphics, good car mechanics and driving.but the story is pretty meh, the game is more an open world game of territorial control. you just take out enemy camps and kill enemy convoys, nothing particularly interesting, very little going on character development wise.Theres a bit of expansion on the mad max universe thats not really mentioned anywhere else and it puts the fury road movie into a kind of context i guess,but yeah, fun but it lost me in the middle as I got sick of grinding through hoards of endless clones, the ai all look prettymuch the same, have the same voice actors ect.Sure theres factions but... i think we all know, they all behave the same way generally.so yeah, found myself losing interest after grinding through way too many enemy encampments, even with the upgrades and rpg elements that reward the grind, in the end, it was far to heavy on the grind.Good game if you like open world conquest type games where the enemy cant take territory off you.fun to drive, shoot and fight. but lacking in story."
76561198272702519,Recommended,234140,20551684,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,HellsChampion02,"INCREDIBLE. The only game ive ever played that left me in awe like this was the last of us. I played for a week or so just upgrading the magnum opus and then delved into the story. Going in I was expecting a generic driving game story which consisted of upgrading your car until you could take on the biggest boss and win,But this story is one aabout a broken man who battles his true self and contains his inner humanity in order to survive the wastes. He makes mistakes and decisions that he regrets. In the end this game makes you realize how perfect writing and gameplay can tell the stoy of how a mans past can haunt him. 10/10 recomend to anyone who recognizes a true masterpiece"
,Recommended,234140,29492211,Posted: 25 January,all,Tinche,"The majority of the game is a little chore-ish, and the story is a little iffy (women in refrigerators, anyone?).On the other hand, the core gameplay is satisfying (driving around, fighting) and the in-game world is very well crafted. Recommended.Played it through on Linux, no technical issues."
,Recommended,234140,25565741,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jonibangs,great story and atmosphere..better car battle than the batman ak
76561197971748711,Recommended,234140,18078685,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Guepardian,"I bought this game on a whim. Although was expecting it and had seen pre-release material, I wasn't too hopeful, given movie tie-ins and was planning to wait reviews. After a weekend of a music-festival-turned-unplanned-Mad Max-cosplaying, I decided to buy the game, my face still covered in chrome spray.Just like Fury Road to original three Mad Max films, this game follows its own continuity of sorts (although the ending suggests it might actually be a prequel to Fury Road).First off, the game looks *amazing* and is incredibly well optimised to PC. This is a statement I had seen in reviews before I bought it and thought it was just people struggling to find compliments for a bad game (""Damned by Faint Praise"") but it really looks good and runs very smooth. The distances show very well, there is little to no flickering, I have not encountered any obvious glitches. I had only one spot where the framerate dropped significantly. Flames and thunderstorms in particular look sublime.Gameplay is fairly solid. Nothing too exciting if you have played AC or Batman, as elements of both are readily apparent. Controls are a bit off. Some of the default key mapping puts commands in odd places but you can re-map them. As a whole, the gameplay is fairly shallow. Most commands are reliant on holding the E button. Or mashing the E button. Or mashing the E button while mashing mouse keys if you're fighting. Controls are stable and it is fun to fistfight, use your gun, shiv or weapons. No real issues stick out.Car controls vary but overall tend to lack handling, though nowhere as badly as the cars in Watch_Dogs did and they depend on the car you pick too. Still, without dedicated handbrake buttons and the like (though the vehicle slam button can substitute as one in some situations) the vehicle mechanics feel fairly shallow. Nitro boosts, harpoons and other abilities on the Magnum Opus make this a bit more enjoyable, almost to the expense of other vehicles. I honestly fail to see why you should even step in any other vehicles if Magnum as around. Given the abundance of interesting vehicles around, this is bit of a shame.The pre-release material touted the game's survival element quite a bit. You would need to make sure you eat and drink to avoid starving/dehydrating and would be on the hunt for guzzoline like in the hunt for Mad Max: The Road Warrior. These never really come into play. You come across food (in the form of dog food cans with a reference to The Road Warrior, lizards and rats you can kill and eat or maggots on corpses) but they are all effectively static health pickups. There isn't a real hunger mechanic or picking up and hoarding food or spending hours in the wastes looking for it. Same with water. You can carry it in a canteen and it replenishes your health. Max will comment about thirst if canteen is empty but doesn't actually suffer for it. Most camps tend to have some gas canisters and locations where the gas is part of the objective they regenerate. Bullets are rarer and easier to run out and is effectively your only resource to keep an eye on. However if you fully upgrade allied camps, you will rarely be lacking resources.Both Max and the Magnum Opus can be upgraded and customised, using scraps as resources. Most of the customisations improve abilities but some are purely cosmetic. Throughout the game, you also come across a wastelander called Griffa who has some cryptic conversations with Max, which lead to additional upgrades for Max's abilities. This allows for a degree of customisation and especially on-foot sections will challenge you even if you are fully upgraded. On vehicle, most of the fighting is fairly balanced, if prolonged. Once thundersticks are unlocked, they become a cakewalk.Thoughout the game, there are many small camps/ as well as a number of bases belonging to Gastown. Most side missions involve taking these out for scraps, history relics, upgrades for friendly fortresses. Destroying Gastown bases also reduces the threat level in the region, reducing Gastown patrols and enabling you some of the upgrades. Taking all of these out can get a bit tedious and repetative. There are many camps that are just mooks + loot with nothing specific to flesh the world a bit more (other than some history relics). The more interesting places don't really appear until later in the game (especially in the Buzzard territories) and are still rare and in between. Most Gastown bases follow the same formula with no interesting sidequests (rescuing people for instance. There are many corpses in cages. Why can't some be alive to be rescued?) The %100 completion chase can sometimes kill any momentum, as the devs seem fond of showing how clever they are by putting things in really obscure spots. As a whole, this is the weakest part of the game and I enjoyed it a whole lot more once I got them out of the way. Outside these, there are the occasional wasteland encounters (mostly wastelanders with something to tell you and occasional questgivers with very simple quests) and a racing circuit that makes things a bit more interesting.The setting and locations are a bit more interesting. As stated before, you play around the Wasteland surrounding Gastown and despite it being a desert wasteland, the creators went to some effort to make things varied. Jeet and Gutlash's territories used to be the ocean and there are plenty of reminders as you drive into a cave and notice all the dried corals or take shelter in grounded ships, giving a clear idea how messed up the world is. Heading inwards, you see go through old highways and abandoned towns. Eastwards, there are dunes which look empty but have a whole city that was buried beneath. Finally, the area around Gastown is a polluted wreck. So, kudos to to making the different locations a bit more varied. The history relics you collect give a sense of how things became the way they did and probably go into more detail about the nature of the apocalypse than any other Mad Max production so far. After a while, they don't say anything you didn't already know and could be a bit more detailed but are still a nice touch.I initially didn't have much hopes of the story but it actually didn't turn too bad. As his is getting ready to travel to the Plains of Silence, Max is waylaid by Warlord Scarabus Scrotus (son of Immortan Joe, introduced in a Fury Road tie-in comic) and loses the Interceptor, gravely injuring the Warlord in the process. Max then comes across Chumbucket who is looking to create his own vehicle, the Magnum Opus. Believing Max to be a Saint of his strange religion, he enlists Max who only helps him looking after a new car. As they look to build it, they encounter settlements that have come under attack from the Warlord scouring the wasteland, gradually leading up to Gastown itself in pursuit of a V8 engine. The earlier parts of the story are fairly standard but as it develops, it goes more and more into Max's demons and his fears of attaching to people in fear of losing them just as he lost his Wife and child and these issues come pretty heavily later in the story. Between that and the optional encounters with Griffa, the game actually goes into a lot of detail regarding Max's solitude and survival guilt. Not going to spoil a lot more but there is a reason why I feel the game is a prequel leading up to Fury Road.You won't find the charm and crazy-fun of Fury Road here. I doubt even the film sequels will have that. The characters aren't as memetic or memorable either, although the makers clearly tried to and Chum, Crow Dazzle and the Outcrier shine among the rest.As a post-apocalypse game taking place in the Mad Max universe, this is a good, solid game that will keep you busy, so definitely buy it, though you may want to wait for a discount if you have doubts. I almost regretted a Day 1 purchase but it grew on me as I progressed, so I am glad I bought it then."
,Recommended,234140,30371100,Posted: 7 March,all,Kailyr,"What we have here is a classic open-world action game, at a reasonable price. If that's not the type of game you enjoy - with its collectibles and outposts and map clearing bonanza - then you will not enjoy this game.Despite the setting, there are no genuine survival elements; aspects like health and gasoline are included in the game simply because you expect them to be. Combat is fairly simple but fun, and once you start clearing the map and upgrading, you'll quickly become a wasteland god.The game looks great and plays great. It utilizes an autosave system that is triggered when you make certain actions, such as picking up scrap (your upgrade currency, in abundance). You can bypass this when you wish to exit the game by changing the autosave slot in the menu. This type of save system is not for everyone. Speaking of exiting the game, you will have to exit to the title menu and then to desktop I'm afraid.The map is large but easily crossed in your car, and driving will probably be where you get the most enjoyment out of this game. There's nothing quite like zooming off the top of a cliff, or mowing down some enemies.There are an awful lot of controls in the game, and whilst the game is very friendly to keymapping, if you're an arrow-key player like me, you might struggle to find a remap setup that's comfortable.Story wise, the game is disappointing. You're going on an unexplained journey to this unexplained place. It seems lazy and the ending is anticlimactic and frustrating. Nobody likes a game where your progress has been for naught, especially when it's in a 'oh wait, changed my mind' fashion.To conclude: decent price, probably 30-40 hours for completionists, weak story, definitely appeals to a certain type of gamer, a very Far Cry like map system (camps, towers, etc)."
,Recommended,234140,18016297,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,FanargleMcGargle,I could care less what all the other reviews say about this game this is just a fantastic game. Lots of carnage and destruction.
76561198320863386,Recommended,234140,30364571,Posted: 6 March,all,andrew.martel,"i have not completed the game, though i can say its worth the money. beautiful game, runs surprisingly well. there's a lot of stuff to do. the driving is clunky; however, keep in mind that you're driving in a dessert. the car combat is challenging and rewarding. very dynamic play. the combat on foot is like a less forgiving batman or shadow of mordor. until you upgrade your stuff, you're gonna die. you can't just mash attack... controls can be at times wonky, but id absolutely recommend it if you want a game with cool car combat and survival ELEMENTS. Mad Max is not a survival game, however it has some elements that aren't overbearing like in a survival sim, but important to survival. though im not fully upgraded, it seems you'll pretty much be op by the end, which is fine with me. as for the world, its truly an eerie, desolate, massive wasteland filled with all kinds of cool stuff, along with some not so cool people that want you dead. so take that as you will."
76561198257175541,Recommended,234140,30371772,Posted: 7 March,all,tranterco,"Look, I am a huge fan of the Mad Max film franchise, which is why I was suckered in. I am a casual gamer, and the simplicity of the game really won me over. Unfortunately the gameplay doesn't really compare to Shadow of Mordor, Tomb Raider, or the Batman Arkham series. Considering I played this game A LOT MORE than those games is a testament to the great storietelling in the side missions. I felt like I was taking part in a Mad Max film. That said, the main storyline wasn't the best, the ending was quite abrupt and very easy, considering the leadup to it and a lot of the side missions were harder than the final boss stage. I felt like I spent so long upgrading Max (and having fun at the same time tbh) only for a fairly disappointing and easy ending. I would recommend this game but only if you are a really big Mad Max fan."
,Recommended,234140,29833521,Posted: 10 February,all,Epileptic Toad,"I was expecting a meh open world game and instead got pleasantly surprised by the game.So much I had to 100% it (around 60-70h of content).(+)- Really managed to capture the atmosphere of Mad Max and its universe in my opinion.- Great driving and car combat feel.- Good ground combat, meaty and responsive (similar to Batman or Shadow of Mordor, although a bit inferior).- Very good graphical fidelity.- Pretty good story, surprisingly.- Loads of content, camps and scavenging places are varied (you obviously have to like open world exploration and collectibles).- Storms are amazing!(-)- Bosses are really the weak point of the game, they all have the same tactics and patterns.- Ground combat can become a bit repetitive and lacks a bit of depth.- They could have exploited ""big vehicles"" combats a little bit more (more of them, more challenging, more depth).If you like Mad Max and/or open world games, go for it!Ribbit!"
76561198039092840,Recommended,234140,17985772,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Zb,This is an amazing game if you guys are thinking to but i say go for it.
76561198203998069,Recommended,234140,18126697,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,PsychoticRunner,this game is amazing
76561197971295371,Recommended,234140,18097432,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Grassy,"Only complaint is the only Australian characters in the game is Max and a few idiots you talk to around the map. The accents are often hit and miss and sounds like the one of the only Aussie voice actors was Max himself. Right at the start of the game the fact Dinky -Di was miss pronounced pulled me right out of the expereience. All the main NPC's are American Architypes, The matriach, the preecher, the psychopath etc, Considering this is ment to be an Australin Story it seems more like you are driving around in Nevada rather than Australia or the United States Of Australia. The Story is very light but luckly for Avalanche and WB I found the car combat too fun. Kind of reminded me of interstate 76 but cooler. If Avalache and WB where a little more respectful of the Mad Max universe I would have enjoyed it more but instead Mad Max is becoming Americanised. It woudl have been nice to see some Aussie characters in the game instead of the tired old American ones we see plenty of in film and TV."
,Recommended,234140,17937068,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,toro44,Get this game right now! It's the most bad♥♥♥♥♥thing on steam!
,Recommended,234140,30525678,Posted: 15 March,all,OIAL,"1st of all. Damn!!!! Hell of a good game!! I like the heroic act on this game! Making me goosebumps! Stunning Graphics.. Fun and Enjoyable Gameplay!!! hope they make a secqual for this game. Even i know that they won't make it. But, for me. this game is worth to play!!"
,Recommended,234140,30575700,Posted: 17 March,all,Toaster Repairman,It's like Fallout with less bullets
76561197990399454,Recommended,234140,30497851,Posted: 13 March,all,Rixoli,"When I first heard there was a ""Mad Max"" game, I was skeptical, Hadn't watched the movies much but I knew enough about the setting to know what I'd be getting into. That said, it portrayed the setting eerily well:Pros: Customizable car, quite a wide variety of customization in fact.Very open world, Plenty to doDistinct differences between each area make for interesting sights to see while you exploreWide variety of weapons for your vehicle actually make vehicle-based combat fun, something few other games get right.Combat is very easy to get the hang of, while still offering challenge here 'n there.Going out and collecting bonuses for each Stronghold has more merit than just ""Bonus to X"", every 3 or-so upgrades actually improve the settlement, giving it a more lived in look, I found it neat to watch the differences as a stronghold grew.good variety of ways to handle each encounter.Cons:Chumbucket, your ally, is one of the more annoying side-kicks i've ever met. He is your mechanic and handles most of your weapons for you.The game's ending felt somewhat flat to me, that being said, some have found it tied matters up more neatly than I did.While Combat flows rather well, once you hit the end-game upgrades, it obliterates alot of the challenge.If you're not big into wandering looking for components to upgrade your gear or Strongholds with (rather than just recieving it as you level) this can be a bit of a chore.All this being said, I'd give this game a solid 8/10, would witness again."
76561197990973978,Recommended,234140,30499425,Posted: 13 March,all,StinkoPants,Better than consensual sex.
76561198004579041,Recommended,234140,30501257,Posted: 13 March,all,InfiniteWalrus,"Not gonna lie I had a ton of fun with this game and I definitely reccomend it for fans of the franchise,  open world, and car combat games. Ripping around the desert is a blast for awhile, but I can't help but feel like there was a lot of wasted potential here.The sad fact is that like most of the big name sandbox games, there really isn't much to do in this MASSIVE world. theres a plethora of different side activities, the most memorable and fun being taking over strongholds and territories, which in it's easiest examples early-game just means crashing a gate and beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a bunch of S&M bandits but progresses to multi-tiered attack strategies which include taking out snipers and lookouts ( either by your own telescoping 6 foot barrel sniper rifle, or evading their fire till you can get close enough to rame or launch a harpoon and rip their perch down with raw horsepower which is imo much more satisfying) however after awhile even these become tedious and boring. Outside the story missions, these are really the only activities besides collecting money to upgrade your car. It makes for a pretty fun and busy game that burns out too quickly and most likely won't hold your interest through to completion.NOTE: while you're free to upgrade your car as you see fit, some upgrades are locked until a prerequisite story mission is completed. This is usually before you can afford or want the particular upgrade anyway and mostly a non-issue. However you don't unlock the V8 engine until the end of the game. This problem is twofold.1. You're rampaging around the wastelands slaughtering bandits in an armored spike covered muscle car with exploding harpoons...and a V6? Wtf kinda gay♥♥♥♥♥♥is that?2. Half of the engine upgrades are for the V8. half of one aspect of your cars upgrades aren't available till the final mission, because story. ♥♥♥♥ that"
76561198163252642,Recommended,234140,19807737,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BossManJosh,Cars/Fists/Shotguns/Dogs. 11/10
,Recommended,234140,19684634,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ANotSoGoodFella,"Honestly, one of the best and most beautiful games I've ever played. The End."
,Recommended,234140,17989580,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dicklocke Jones™,"""Oh, what a lovely game! WHAT A LOVELY GAME!""First of all, let me say that the Mad Max franchise contains some of my favorite films to date. George Miller's imagination and filmmaking is some of the greatest out there. To see the magic from the films transform into a video game is quite incredible.My experience in the game so far has been phenomenal. I was very excited to see what the game had to offer, and it definitely lived up to the hype. It stayed true to the movies, as well as being it's own adventure. Visually, the game looks beautiful. I was very impressed by Avalanche Studios to create such an immersive world, where you play as the true Road Warrior. Speaking of the Road Warrior, Max's persona is not protrayed as Mel Gibson or Tom Hardy, but redifined as his own character. The gameplay is fluid, and it's enjoyable to both ride in your Magnum Opus and beat up War Boys. Finally, the mechanics, looting, & progression systems flow very well with the rest of the game.Overall, this is a terrific game. My favorite aspect of this title is the cars, including customization, personalization, & style. It captures the true spirit of Mad Max and the cars from the films. If you love Mad Max as much as I do, then I encourage you to pick up this game. A truley worthy buy.10/10"
,Recommended,234140,17872180,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,j$,"About an hour or two into the game - I can say that i love it. The open world, the mayhem... it's just a great game all around."
,Recommended,234140,20993511,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bulzeye316,so far this game is freaking AWESOME!!!!
76561198088898419,Recommended,234140,18087321,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,peter8926,"Circa 72 hours gameplay with all quests done and most of the map cleared up. Sometimes it did get a bit boring as all fights are exactly the same. Apart from upgrading your car there is not much to aim for. Regardless, I enjoyed every moment."
,Recommended,234140,18088919,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Shinigami,60fps 1080p Ultra High on an R9 270? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing with me?This game is amazing.
,Recommended,234140,29274889,Posted: 15 January,all,TheMixtureMedia,"First this game is great and works very good on Ubuntu (Linux). I played and finished the game. I am really hoping that they make a 2nd Mad Max game and port it over to Linux. I loved the story line and loved how everything looked on the screen. There was three issues that bothered me a lot. There was some graphic issues were items would disapear and come back. There was also sound issues were there sound like there should be audio like cars running but nothing. My last and biggest was the car the car at times felt all over the place. The car did not find to be very fluid and I wish it was better. On average while I was playing the game I was getting between 30-60 FPS at 1080p. I did not have any settings increased just all at normal  I would notice the the frame rate also sometime would drop under 30 frames and make the game unplayable. Also for my computer I am running Ubuntu 17.04, 32 gigs of ram, AMD 8370 (overclocked) and a GTX 960 2GB. My steam drive is a Kingston 480 GB. For the video card driver version I am running 375.26. This is a great game right up to the end also when you finish the game you can still play and explore the area."
76561197960276681,Recommended,234140,23614179,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tr|cks,"Best damn game ive played in a long time, Totally immersed in the mad max world!"
,Recommended,234140,24781485,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,alarku07,"Very good adaption, one of my favourite post-apocalyptic games and easily games of all time. I'd like to forget the game so i could re-experience it. Fun gameplay and quite fast-paced (for me at least). Very beautiful graphics. I liked that almost all the side stuff (ignoring the races because i didn't care) was pretty easy to complete. An awesome story about a man and his inner conflicts, trying to stay sane in a destroyed world and even try to somewhat do good to others. For the gameplay part i didn't like that the car's health dropped very easily - after a few collisions it was already on fire if you didn't have the highest level armor on. Also some of the ""toys"" were unlocked only almost at the end, so you were basically fully ready only for the last boss fight (and if you collected all the scrap from the map). Worth it's price at 40€"
76561198005978911,Recommended,234140,18271313,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Stormbringer,"I'm loving this game it looks amazing, full settings, no prob at 60 fps runs smooth as glass. One of those games that will get beat at 100%.   This is a must own if you have a gamepad cause its one of those Big Screen TV couch games. F%#! yeah!"
76561198136671829,Recommended,234140,17867765,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Plague Master,"Wow, this game makes me feel good. From the elaberate customization to breaking the limbs of your oppressors, Mad Max removes you from your home and leads you into sand and destruction with danger minutes away. This game feels good."
76561198018910220,Recommended,234140,18159266,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,This is Arnold!,"The open world gives so much freedom,  the atmosphere is as taken from the movie.Very good game, would recommend it."
,Recommended,234140,17890073,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Myskoon,Awesome game!there is ups and downs in this game but i really like wasteland games so this is a + for me.kept entering car at wrong door... lol.very good grapichs indeed.no frame drops so far and ive finnished the game almost twice now.the story is a bit lame as i knew what would happen but it still was good somehow.
76561198089671700,Recommended,234140,17890505,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ElAnsari,"+12 Hours in record in one day !!I lost interest in all the games i already have.. BF3,BF4,BFH and COH2two thing were in my mind in gameWhat a game!! What a lovely game& Verdi - Requiem: Dies Irae !! whenever i go smashing and blowing up enemy carsit feel so satisfinghere what i thiunk about the game ...1- enemy base has different levels of dificulty which makes think twice about your next srep ... though i still encountering second level of difficulty but i've seen that in AC: Unity ... different game same ideas2- Combat system is great .... using your shotgun and knife as finisher .. in addition to other way of finishing ... breaking enemy bones/ jaws.... or smash their chest/head with your feet... I love the way Max would jump kick his enemies after several cambos3- Graphics... they are Great .. but not that perfect ... even with High texture details ... just forget about being in a game with perfect graphics and wait for the sand storms to blow up on you and live in complete darkness4- Vechicle upgrades & Max upgrade ... you will need tons of tons of scraps to do so ... Max and his Magnum Opus has i lot of work to be upgraded.... my plan salvage all what you can get... patrol cars ... has the least .. upgrade strong hold to gain like auto generating scraps after some time .... I wish if could upgrade the buggy to make it a bit stronger.... I am not sure if you could or not yet!!5- One Question ... how you'r gonna feel when your enemy try to encounter you and all for sudden before finishing them off with their cars,... they would run in panic from you !!! Satisfied??!!!6- the Dog in some cases would be annoying when looking for ther mines even if you faces the direction he is looking at and no mines revealsin sum.. go and get it :Dit is worth the money"
76561198151214531,Recommended,234140,28347006,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Meat Man,SOOOOOOOOOO this my favourite game ever. Legit. Played it twice. Can't believe it didn't get the recognition it deserved. Thats the only thing that upsets me about the game.
,Recommended,234140,21960166,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Not One Of Us,"Very good open world, car combat game.  Feels unfinished, as though they had all the elements in, but could only fine tune so many before release.  Despite that, it's surprisingly solid.After being disappointed with the overall feel of Fallout 4, this satisfied my post-apocalyptic hunger."
76561198077347889,Recommended,234140,20972660,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Monty P. Moneybags,"One of my favorite games of 2015, runs great well optimized. I loved the story as well. Mad Max was everything I was looking for in a post nuclear war game. It impressed me more than I thought it would I prefer parts of this game over Fallout 4 like the way the world feels more dead and desperate for life, and the story felt more straight the whole way through.If you don’t want to read that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it’s a good ♥♥♥♥ing time that all you need to know get it on sale.If you don't want to even read that here is my spoken review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYvQm3Xrk9M"
,Recommended,234140,22191121,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,_sadboyy,Recommended purchase becoz my potato can play this game in high quality with 45-60 fps
,Recommended,234140,17873348,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Defsquad,"Superb is the word im looking for, the car battles are awesome & the changing weather effects are dramatic visuals look stunning . cool game"
,Recommended,234140,17845837,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,NickLaMasia™,"Huge story line and map, graphic isn't very astonishing, and the vehicle is a lil bit hard to control to begin with. Actions are pretty cool, loads of upgrade for characters and vehicles.I believe in the late stage of the game there will be more stunning actions and bring in more story in relation to the silver screen great hit Fury Road, but for starter this game keeps reminding me what Mad Max was just an Austrilian cult film at the beginning.Neverthless, if you feel like male Lara Croft driving a car in the dessert and kicking wastelanders in the process, this is your game."
,Recommended,234140,17841377,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"This is a good simulation as to what it is like to live in brazil. The violence, the blood, the destruction, war, disregard to human life, lunacy,decaying infrastructures, chaos and anarchy. Pretty much the same thing, the only difference is that brazil has trees and the roads in Mad Max has less potholes. Otherwise, pretty much the same!On another note, this game is a masterpiece. How the character steps on the sand, and how it shifts under his/her feet, the sky and the moon. The brightness and heat haze, the cold during the night... Details like that make this game amazing."
,Recommended,234140,17850421,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,C.Serena,"PC SpecsGTX EVGA 750TI8GB DDR3I7 2700KGigabyte MBConstant 60 FPS while streaming threw steams onboard software!Combat is fun and interesting!Game is just stunning in terms of looks.As a complete mad max fanboy I can say the game lived up to my expectations in terms of enviorment, vehicles, enemys, and even the spoken word. Ghuzzoline for all.Would recomend to a friend."
76561198068527938,Recommended,234140,17897675,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ImLittleLoyal,"I have to cry, it has been a long time a game looked like the movie as much as this game. I harpoon people out of cars i pull their cars off the road and i push them into a free cliffdiving course. explosions and the smoke looks so realistic it looks like they took real fire and smoke and used the best green screen in the world. I play on the highest settings and i have a constant 60 FPS. The combat feels so ♥♥♥♥ing real i start making noices when i punch people. i even make noices when max eats dog food (its not pleasant). I just came because i heard my car engine roar. now i have to go to clean the splooge of my clothing."
76561198016142934,Recommended,234140,17925693,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,theoneandonlyboiler,"Well, I do have to agree with almost every critique point people who don’t like this game bring up. Yes the missions and tasks are repetitive, yes it can be a humongous grind at times, and yes the story is a bit bland. But does it matter? Well, it depends. Sure, having more varied missions and tasks and a more compelling story would make this even better, but it’s not like the game is not enjoyable as is. I for one love just driving around the wasteland for hours, tearing down scarecrows, harpooning snipers from their towers, chasing after every enemy car I see or duke it out with a convoy. And I even enjoy the grind of looting every damn camp I find for minuscule amounts of scrap and ammo because it makes the world feel like it should: A harsh wasteland where resources are scarce and most of your time has to be spent on finding supplies to survive.And surviving is not easy in the world of Mad Max. You don’t have insane amounts of health and armor, and enemies are plenty and dangerous. Your only way to heal is through water or food, both of which are incredibly rare and you’re sure to have none of both available when you most need it. I have spent quite some time just trying to find water. Of course, as you progress you can complete projects in the strongholds to provide you with all you need. But it takes quite some time to finish these (because you have to find the parts) and even after that, depending on how far out in the wastes you are, driving all the way back to the next stronghold just to fill up on water might not be all that appealing (unless you’re willing to use fast travel, which I’m not). Because the wasteland in Mad Max is freakin’ huge!And it is also unbelievably beautiful. Avalanche really did an awesome job at providing the most beautiful wasteland possible. Despite it all being desert the terrain varies greatly between regions and is littered with ruins and awesome sights. The colors are just perfect, the textures and details gorgeous and the horizon always looks captivating. No matter where you look or where you look from, you just want to print out what you see, frame it and hang it on the wall. Best looking wasteland I’ve ever seen, both in games and movies!Oh, and it has sandstorms, huge, monstrous, violent, end-of-the-world sandstorms that will rip you and your precious car to pieces! Best moments are when one of those is happening while in the middle of a convoy chase, that’s when things get really awesome! And it’s not just a weather effect that suddenly appears out of nowhere, oh no, you can see it coming on the horizon, and then you can either race ahead of it to the nearest friendly camp or stronghold to sit it out or take the risk and head right in to hunt for the loot the storm is carrying with it.And it’s not just the landscape that looks gorgeous, the whole game looks absolutely fantastic. And it runs as smooth as silk on highest settings no problem if you have a halfway decent machine. I run it with a GTX 780Ti 3GB on 2560x1440 and didn’t have a stutter or freeze or anything. I haven’t checked the actual framerate, but from how it looks I’d say it must be around 50-60. Also so far no bugs and only a few minor glitches encountered and only one CTD  in 30 hours. For a game that just came out and looks this stunning, this is really something.And the combat? Well, the car combat is awesome, obviously. Especially when you take on a convoy which will start a battle that can last for minutes. Taking out the escorts one by one through various means like shooting their fuel tanks, harpooning parts off the cars or even the drivers out of them (which is exactly as hilarious as it sounds), exploding them with your thunderpoon (yes that’s really what it’s called) or just drive through them with your nitro boost and then going for the big price, the tanker. What do we need the movies for now? Why just watch it when you can start up your PC and do it yourself?The only negative thing to mention here is that the car physics sometimes can break immersion a bit as they are quite unrealistic at times. It is almost impossible to flip the players car over and even then it will always land on its wheels. While I understand why it was programmed that way I still find it a bit off putting when I see my car magically level out midair. But that’s really just a minor thing. As long as you don’t get airborne physics are ok and make for some awesome crashes.Also, taking down enemy camps is not as bland as some make it sound, at least not for me. I quite enjoy doing recon on them to find the weak spots in their defense and figure out the best approach to taking them down. And there are quite a few possibilities here. You can try to sneak in undetected, use the sniper rifle from a safe distance to kill everything you see, drive around the base and tear the defenses down with your harpoon or just storm in head on and hope for the best (and probably die in the process). It’s up to you, there isn’t a perfect way to do it, so you do whatever seems most fun to you. Now once you get into the camp is where things can get a bit annoying as swarms of enemies descend upon you while you struggle with the less than perfect melee combat controls. Mostly it’s just button mashing paired with hope. But once you get the hang of it and have your tactics down it can also be quite satisfying to break bones, smash in heads, finish someone off with a gutshot or just outright exploding someone with a thunderstick. Just don’t get stuck in a tight corner as this will completely mess up the camera!A bit frustrating is the search for all the items you need to find or destroy to complete a camp 100%. Some are so well hidden that you can run several time through the entire camp without finding them. Or you find out you need the shotgun to destroy that last Scrotus insignia but you just run out of ammo. Bad luck, come back again when you have found some ammo… That’s actually a bit stupid. They should at least have put an ammo loot close to things you have to destroy with the shotgun, like they did with fuel cans next to things you have to blow up.The progress system for Max and his car I think is well designed and balanced. It really requires you to do about everything that can be done in this game to finish all the challenges and unlock all the upgrades as opposed to games where you can just ignore huge chunks of the content and still max out. The pace is also just right, not to fast but also not frustrating. Yes it does require you to grind, especially to get all the scrap needed to actually buy the upgrades, but as I already said, I don’t mind the grind as it fits well with the scenario and is also quite fun to do at times.As far as the scope of the game, I have played 30 hours so far and statistics say I have completed only 31% of it. So, I still have vast areas to explore and loot as well as many, many hours of insane road battles, violent explosions and bloody fights ahead of me. I’d say it is worth every cent I’ve spent on it.To sum it up, I give it an 8 out of 10.Pro:+ vast open desert world that’s harsh but incredibly varied and beautiful+ insane, spectacular and highly enjoyable car combat+ fantastic graphics and sounds+ highly customizable car+ good and well balanced progress system+ very good and streamlined controls and camera while in car+ car combat can be quite tactical at timesCon:- missions and tasks are repetitious- bland main story- some issues with melee combat controls and camera (especially in confined spaces)- unrealistic car physics sometimes break immersionSo, do I recommend it? Hell yeah! For me this is the best action game I have ever played, and I recommend it wholeheartedly to everyone who likes this type of game. Yes it has flaws, but I think I have pointed them out sufficiently. So it’s up to you to make up your own mind about it."
,Recommended,234140,17893187,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,S3XUAL_D3V1ANT,"Had lots of friends ask me how this game is.Graphics=Beat Off MaterialStoryline (I have yet to complete)=Similiar to the 2015 movieCombat/Driving=Batman meets GTA they ♥♥♥♥ and boom Mad Max is bornSide Quests=Same 4 scenarios over and overGame is good, but definitely could use some more depth to it.  Get rid of the repetitive random quests/stronghold quests and give me something more.  Take a few plays from Skyrim, nobody will mindOverall 8/10"
76561198065009003,Recommended,234140,17902488,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Diddykong,Beautiful game!
76561198054298242,Recommended,234140,17967441,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,fals profit,It runs perfectly. (That is the satisfaction)  I can't find anything bad about this game.
,Recommended,234140,17969866,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tony Pajamas,Get shot by a sniper. Eat some dog food. Feel Better. 10/10
76561198017814773,Recommended,234140,17961692,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,kaitech,"Awsome Game!Very well optimized for Pc, great combat, nice story line, and awsome Vehicle Upgrading!I love it!can only recomend if U like an open world Adventure game!"
76561198044923621,Recommended,234140,17947144,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,SpenceBot,"You need to buy this game, it's truly the mad max game we always dreamed of, it kicks♥♥♥♥♥in every way possible. Awesome graphics, driving, and combat, Do yourself a favor and just buy it already, you will enjoy yourself."
76561198155592823,Recommended,234140,17908156,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JJ (2nd),Great gameTip dont rush through the storyline or you finish it quickly i thought i wasnt rushing but finished it in 17 hours so meh feels like i rushed it
,Recommended,234140,17934953,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,AUTOPILOTZ,So crazy fun and amazing  ...This is a best game of this year I played ...But ... MAX eat worms  ...
76561198032450266,Recommended,234140,17938772,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Booket,"The game takes elements from the game-winning recipe of Assassin's Creed and Batman AA, AC, and AK.There is a lot to do in the game for the hardcore completionists so there will not be any lack of things to do.  Fortunately, even with the vast amount of unrequired exploration spots each one is unique unto itself.The gameplay is great and if you played AC or Batman you'll pickup on the controls quickly.  The story is rich and very enjoyable and it is that which truly sets it apart from being just a copy on the standard recipe.At least play it through for the story.  At most, enjoy the detailed richness of the grim environment, story, and darkness of a true post-apocalyptic world (that isn't based on zombies)."
76561197964925086,Recommended,234140,17823387,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ℝΔĢ€ĶĪŁŁĪΔ,It was what I have been waiting for along time. The game is amazing so far.  This is a must have if you like Mad Max movies.
,Recommended,234140,17934259,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,GingerRoss,"It has it's flaws, but I love it all the same. If you're a fan of the films, you should really pick this up."
76561198080613411,Recommended,234140,17902798,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Der Hund,"Just walk away.....Amazing gameplay, but sadly the story is extremely genric, and they completely give up on any interesting plots. Still that doesnt mean this is a bad game, even after beating the story im still enjoying every second of driving around the wasteland!"
76561198029061713,Recommended,234140,17886894,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Alcatraz,"This game is one of the best car/action games I've ever played.Car combat, customizations, stronghold missions, the story, everything is just insanely good.I could play this game for 10 hours straight and still feel like I only scratched the surface of the Wasteland.Only one thing left to say, really:OH, WHAT A GAME, WHAT A LOVELY GAME! 9/10"
76561198075857101,Recommended,234140,17937507,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ronasaurus,"An amazing, well made game that just feels like the product of an orgy that Fallout, Farcry, and Michael Bay participated in."
76561197961755930,Recommended,234140,25696333,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,OneEyed Bob,"PLus: Amazing graphics even on a 680GTX, excellent sound, the car combat is awesome and easy to steer even with a  keyboard.Neg: Could have used more story missions, melee combat gets repetitious.The game makes me want more!"
,Recommended,234140,30495096,Posted: 13 March,all,Your Best Friend,"I don't think this game got the credit it deserved. It's a very fun and rewarding sandbox, it runs very well, and it looks -gorgeous-. The sound and visual design are perfectly on point, get it just to drive around and harpoon ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198062625158,Recommended,234140,30495908,Posted: 13 March,all,garry o' Riviara,It's pretty fun. Get it while its on sale and spend a couple hours here and there driving around the post apocalyptic wastes. Really neat characters and vehicle customization. It's what you would expect from an open world mad max game.
76561198182943381,Recommended,234140,20241737,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Charbi,"Mad Max is an action packed video game sequel to the movie Mad Max: Fury Road. You, Max are stripped of your car and belongings by Lord Scrotus. (Immortan Joe's Son) You must seek revenge on this murderous warlord but on the way meet some interesting allie and characters.ProsAmazing battles in car and on footInteresting and beautifully made wasteland and atmosphereUpgrading youself and car is rewarding and funNever seem to get bored of driving around battling insane Scrotus War Boys or red eyed Raven men at night.ConsA bit glitchy at timesDoesn't exactly get the mad maxian feelMain quests can get a little bit repetitive but all in all doesnt really effect muchThe hyper realism they tried to get in the game did not work. The game is not very logical or realistic at timesConclusionMad Max hardly ever gets boring in battles and its endless fun blasting warboys with shotguns, to ramming them off cliffs or just harpooning them in the face. ( For people who hate endless action and find it boring  am one of those people most of the time but I find this extremely fun with its unique road combat ) The wasteland is amazing to look at an never just empty dunes. The game does glitch sometimes from graphical errors to cars disapearing. If you are coming into it a fan of Mad Max think of it more as based of the movies. It doesn't really get the feel of Mad Max but if you think of it as a independant game more than complete mad max it is amazing.9/10"
,Recommended,234140,18867755,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,YupThisIsAndy,Fun gameplay and a satisfying upgrade system. The missions get a little repetitive but it's not bad enough to ruin the experience. I recommend this game for a big Mad Max fan but it's definitely not a must-play for everyone.
76561198332791596,Recommended,234140,30567331,Posted: 17 March,all,Hayley Williams,"what can i say, its repetitive but its undeniably addictive and GOOD"
,Recommended,234140,17977240,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Seduce Me!,I snapped everyone I 'eva met out 'ere! Headshots! All of em! RIGHT IN THE MEDALLA!
76561197981933397,Recommended,234140,17921219,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Caramel Macchiato,"How can so many reviewers get a game so wrong?It's baffling. The closest I can get to understanding it is to think that the reviewers missed how much depth there is to this game that reveals itself when you're just driving. This isn't so much a cutscene fest as it is a game that turns your actual gameplay into a series of random action sequences worthy of cutscenes.It might not look like it during the first 5 minutes of gameplay. You might be fooled into thinking you're in a barren wasteland filled with no one but Max and Chumbucket, but when you least expect it, the action will take you by storm (heh) and you won't want to put the game down."
,Recommended,234140,30592891,Posted: 18 March,all,Magnivico,good game
76561198012146485,Recommended,234140,17862702,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,blakey23,i LOVE THIS GAME! that is all
,Recommended,234140,18047117,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Paft,"[I'll keep it short - rushed review]As mentioned,it is a sad timewhen anport /PC versionof a game that runs well, or in this case VERY WELL is a surprise.I am on a i5 760 4.01GHz ~ 770 4GB GTX ~ 8GB and wasn't sure what to expect asides from the worst...I can run maxed out. 60-150(?) fps.. I'm not usually a huge fan of the open world/RPG genre since you're wasting hours doing similar again and again which is what you'll be doing. At the same time it is fun when you level up. The story/script isn't hugely gripping or engaging (borderline boring). Some interesting characters mainly your side-kick.Performance: 10/10Voice Acting: 10/10Core Gameplay (excluding rpg griding): 8/10Story: 7/10"
76561197983503601,Recommended,234140,18244311,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Alphagaming,"Overall the game is pretty good. The combat is really similar to what you would feel in Batman Arkham City or Assassins creed. The game took me about 40 hours to beat but honestly since a good amount of it is busy work it can be beaten much faster. The graphics are really good, it felt well optimized, and the controls responded well. If you are interested, you can check out my full review of the game here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NO6tlPBnito"
76561198183161621,Recommended,234140,18302804,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Multiplank,"This game is awesome love the theme and storyline, one of the best games i have played"
,Recommended,234140,18106650,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,gibby,gud game gud carz
,Recommended,234140,18169510,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sgt.Dangercow,"On the whole, not a bad game.Orginality is scant here, particularly if you have played any of the Batman Arkham series (not surprising as it is a WB game), although the world is much more open.The openess does come with a downside, as sometimes it can feel that the game has, as a victim of it's open world design, been forced (almost slavishly) to have the need to travel great distances to accomplish a task. I'd suggest getting a few of the fast travel points unlocked as you will benefit greatly from them, especially during the latter stages.The missions are engaging, but can be repetitive, and once you have upgraded Max to the...max....you will find it incredibly easy to beat even large numbers of enemy. A small tip is to bust as many camps as you can early on so that the scrap tribute will mount up quickly. Also, choose at least one stronghold to upgrade completely to help you out if you are low on fuel/ammo/health/water etc.Without wishing to give too much away, the ending is a little depressing. However I really would have much preferred to fight Scrotus hand to hand in the final battle.A small, but annoying (for me) part was when you fast travel, you always end up with the magnum opus. Don't fast travel with scrap cars from camps, or you will NOT get the scrap. This goes for archangels as well. You don't fast travel with an archangel, even if you were in it when you entered fast travel.On the whole, the game is good, and there is enough left after you finish the main story to keep you occupied for a while."
76561198027487962,Recommended,234140,18011660,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GhostLad,"A good and solid open world sandbox, with very interesting car combat, especially once you unlock a few upgrades. Decent story that nails the tone and style of Mad Max, though somewhat pedestrian hand-to-hand combat. Doesn't do anything new, but does what it does very well."
76561198024424090,Recommended,234140,18600388,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,aegean,"I say I recommend as I've put over 60hrs into this game. But this game could have been so much more – at the price SHOULD have been so much more. I feels like a console port or it was optimised for lesser computers. This could have spawned sequels if it had been more polished such as Witcher 3, it should have had various difficulty settings, NPCs should have been better written, the the in game textures could have been so much better, it should have been open to the modding community.All in all, this could have been SO MUCH BETTER. But it just seems like only enough was done to cash in on the film.As the film itself quotes “mediocre”"
76561198021922437,Recommended,234140,28532734,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Murum,"Overall a great game to pass time it has both bad and good points, i do recomend it but at a discount price.If you're an avid fan of the Mad Max movie series and TM you will definatelly find yourself buying this game at one point or another, an expansive open world leaves you to enjoy the universe of Mad Max, the cars, the madness, fights and unique characters to interact with.Pro's:-Open world(very large world at that).-Nailed the setting of a post-apocalyptic world-Beautiful candy graphics.-Excelent car combat-Fairly decent CQC.-Great sound system.Con's:----------------Lack of story depth(it's there a story that is but could have been easily had been expanded upon).-Repetitive, Repetitive, Repetitive(Don't get me started it is repetitive).Lack of Day/night cycle swap/wait system(there is a Day/Night cycle in the game and it's amazing the issue is that there is no option to wait through them, which some mission tasks require a specific time of the day, forcing you to wait in real life up to 2 hours for a swap).-Rather Poor car drive handling  on some car's(or rather the handling of them is blatantly random).Overall Rating from me is 7/10(and that's also cause am a fan of Mad Max Movies/Graphic Novels the works)If you want to play a game set in a post-apocalyptic environment or put yourself in the shoes of Max in a rather chillout relaxin manner or just for a random drive in said world without any pre-set objectives then it's a good game to have.Enjoy.Finished the game at 100% completion with 96% of steam achievements done."
,Recommended,234140,29817670,Posted: 9 February,all,Ghostgg10,I like this game.i loved the movies.i got the game without any expectations but the game is pretty good.it is playable on high in my laptop.it got batman style combat and good car combat.Cons:the game may get repetitive after some timeOverall this game is good I bought on winter sale and not regretting it
,Recommended,234140,30620361,Posted: 19 March,all,Milkman,"I don't always eat maggots,But when I do,It's in Mad Max"
76561197964171807,Recommended,234140,30622063,Posted: 19 March,all,shippedmypants,Excellent gameplay and fighting system. I bought this on sale and is worth the money.
76561198230036712,Recommended,234140,19859837,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Anti-Hero,"after playing for 24 hours i can assure you that you are going to enjoy this game , actually i didn't complete the main story yet it didn't catch me but the game is great after all*The Pros :-The Combat System-The Car Customization-The Gameplay-The Enviroment-Decent Graphics-Some Characters-Side Mission (there are tons of them)-The Game is optimized as hell it run gorgeously 1080p @60fps*The Cons :-The Story-After a while you feel the game is getting repetitive-The NPCs (that are scattered in the map are actually 3 or 4 models)-Wanderers Respawn in the same places*Overall Rating : 8/10the game has a redeeming value a lot of content and has reached a whole new level of car combat....recommended for anyone under 30$...you should really consider picking if on sale...it's 20$ right now"
,Recommended,234140,19839328,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,UncleMuscles801,WITNESSS MEEEE!!!!!!this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ runs super smooth on ultra with a 760 and 8 GB ram. haven't found any bugs.screw buzzardsthey give me nightmares.dam noises they make keep goin off in my head while i sleep.i wake up swinging fists.I may have a mild form of PTSD for a while...
,Recommended,234140,18475716,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Migrean,"If you've played and enjoyed the Arkham series and Shadow of Mordor, picking up Mad Max is pretty much a no brainer. It features the same close combat and upgrade system as the two other games.The world and the visuals are extremely well crafted and provide the perfect Mad Max atmosphere. The game is mechanically very sound, which is no surprise considering the games it borrows elements from.For actual criticism: the game gets very repetitive. If you're a completionist, you're going to spend dozens of hours looking for that last piece of scrap in a camp that bears an eerie similarity to another camp you visited ten minutes ago and beating basically the same 4-5 varieties of goons all over the place. There is SO MUCH to do in the game that I could easily see someone spending 100+ hours to loot every camp, finish all the races and so forth. Odds are though, unless you have superhuman persistence, you're gonna get burned out after completing half of the looting objectives and will just finish the story to be done with the game.The close combat is not quite as satisfying or tight as in Arkham or Mordor, as the special moves are more generic and limited to things that counter a certain enemy type, such as Melee Reversal or Shield Shatter. If nothing else, it does make the game a touch more gritty and realistic. The countering mechanic is not quite as responsive and it is harder to read enemies. Getting hit doesn't reset your combo counter in Mad Max, so missing a counter is not a huge deal, but it takes away that certain satisfaction of getting a 'perfect combo'.The story is great; however, it is sprinkled throughout the game rather unevenly. Of my 50+ hours of playtime, I'd estimate roughly 5 hours is actually advancing the story. It is mostly focused in the beginning and the end of the game, with only a few short missions placed here and there to keep you in the story and also gate your progress by tying up access to new zones and upgrades to beating the story mission. During the majority of the game the presence of the main villain is merely implied by the presence of his lackeys, and it was not until the last hour or so of the story that I felt reconnected to the events at the very beginning.In short:+It's as close to Mad Max as a video game can get+Good Batman-style combat system+Vehicle combat provides a nice change of pace+Lots to do+Excellent visuals that lend to a great atmosphere-Optional objectives are repetitive-Combat is not as responsive as in games it borrows from-Story gets a bit thin during the middle part of the game"
76561198009297100,Recommended,234140,20001171,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Monitox,Lovely game! 5/5
76561198027078854,Recommended,234140,20243135,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Syode,"What's not to love about a game where your main course of action is putting fists through faces of some weird wasteland psychos, pumping lead from a makeshift shotgun through metal, flesh and bone alike and pulling guys out of moving vehicles with a friggin' harpoon at high speeds!?...Oh yeah. And blow stuff up, of course.Big time.And just imagine you can do all this in the most beautiful wasteland! Yeah, I mean it. It really feels remote and empty, but incredibly detailed at the same time. And even when some content may get a bit repetitive: there's really lot's of stuff to discover in nicely placed locations in a vast open world.A game that idolizes, no, openly worships motor cars as true saviours in this harsh world. That makes fun of some roaring monster of a modified V6 engine, because it will forever be inferior to the most sacred V8 block. And the way, the vehicles are presented and used here, is so incredibly over the edge, that all those friggin ""don't try this, always wear your seatbelt"" need for speed warnings don't even DARE to show up anytime on the screen. If Max had a seatbelt, he would rather fasten someone elsebehindhis Magnum-Opus.Car crashes have never been so aesthetic and satisfying. You can almost feel the flames! 11/10 Pyromaniacs AND skilled cameramen would recommend.Only downside for some people may be, that in spite of it's awesome post-apocalyptic setting, this really isn't some kind of survival game. Even though food is rather scarce, you do just fine with your water canteen most of the time which is only used like a refillable med kit. No dehydration / hunger / bleeding whatsoever. Just refuel your car and take a sip of water from time to time.Pros:Easy combat and overall controls.Blowing stuff up in incredible detail (even on slow machines, like...V6 engines).Vehicular combat done right. Really nice driving physics and insane combat maneauvers at the same time. The cars really handle a lot different and you can feel the overall performance. AND: First Person driving. May be unwise in some combat situation, but the camera also does a decent job, when riding your wheels in third person.No speed limits, no guardrails, just some paths for faster travel, but always the ability to go fully offroad and discover stuff on the way. (There are even fast travel locations but...b****, please. Who need's them anyways?)Nice character upgrade system (which extents to your Magnum Opus Car, which is like a character itself and totally modifiable)Lot's of stuff to do that keeps you busy.Really catches the visual style of Fury Road.ConsCombat is fun but not that varied like Sleeping Dogs' for example.Overall a bit too easy at the moment I write this. No difficulty settings. (22 hrs. of playing. You can boost Max' skills and his car quite fast, even though West Coast Customs wouldn't be proud of you. But why not tear through a fortress like a real man, without even a shirt on? Putin would be proud..)Not really a Con for me, for this game really is fun, the way it is, but stuff like a Survival or Sneaking system might have made the experience even more interesting at certain points, but this one sticks to the action and facing the wasteland head-on, Mad Max style.In my opinion, if you are not looking for a survival game but love postapocalyptic settings, fast and loud cars and a whole lot of explosions, this one is a must-have..especiallywhen on discount like the moment I wrote this review."
76561198081736655,Recommended,234140,17923770,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DAAN,"1day 17 h of gameplay heavenamazing graphics, repetitive yet pleasant game"
,Recommended,234140,26877442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ENDLESS TRASH,This game makes me want to speed and yell at traffic10/10 road rage simulator
76561197977776470,Recommended,234140,28492388,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Next,"I had so much fun with this game for the first 10-15 hours.  Then you start to notice the myriad of flaws, get drug down by the repetition, and it just becomes tedious.  About 25 hours in I stopped doing anything but the main missions and some of the wasteland ones that gave upgrades I needed.   Its about 30 hours of play if you power through the storyline and maybe 50 hours if you want to 100% everything.  I would recommend the game if you find a good sale - just don't expect GTA or even Just Cause 3 levels of depth and replayability in the open world.Good:It's just really fun at first.  The story is decent and most of the voice acting is very good.  Arkham style fist fights are fun and upgrading Max really improves his abilities in hand to hand.  Breaking bases is initially a blast.  Driving around the wasteland when you first open up a new area was my favorite part of the game.  So much stuff to take down and convoys to wreck.Problems:Literally 0 point to collecting cars/archetypes.  Your customized Magnum Opus is always better.Races/barrel smashes are a yawnfest with no real variation.Giffa tokens come so fast you have max abilities in the first 30% of the game.Bases get dull fast.  Warcriers are so easy to kill they serve no purpose.  You can snipe at least half of them before ever entering a base.Info scenes aren't skippable and the intel you get is not valuable.  The few random encounters that occur are also shallow and pointless.  Basically never talk to anyone.No point to collecting scrap after the first half of the game since the amounts you get don't scale well.  The autopayments from dead bases provide all you need.As near as I can tell, busting insignias and 100%ing camps doesn't give you anything.  Maybe there is an achievement for 100%ing every camp?The whole game you can get away with playing in a very loose, IDGAF style, but then some later missions require precision and tactics and introduce new mechanics without explanation (healing sprays).  Its jarring."
76561198077731596,Recommended,234140,20785986,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,RZB-Deacon,"A few months after the release, it's time for a late review about Mad Max.I've heard it said that the Mad Max films are less about Max as a conquering hero and more about a passive protagonist, someone who has no real control over his own fate, someone who events happen to. In that respect, at least, the videogame version of Mad Max captures the tone of the films perfectly.Mad Max is competent at everything that it does. It has all the elements you'd expect from a game based on the franchise — violent combat, intense vehicular chases and battles and a grim world where everything that can go wrong will. It checks all the boxes for a modern open-world game too, from a sprawling 30-hour campaign to a giant map littered with hundreds of sidequests and bonus objectives.Yet there's a feeling that pervaded my time with Mad Max, a sense of everything in the game being ... okay. The films that developer Avalanche Studios are ostensibly drawing from are driven by ambition. They build visions of a world shaped by off-the-wall absurdity and chaos. This Mad Max, by comparison, feels safe and, frankly, boring.Those inevitable wins felt empty, and that's really the biggest problem with Mad Max. The film franchise has always transcended the summer blockbuster genre, providing worlds and characters and scenarios that have stuck in my mind. Mad Max the game is the opposite; it's got chase scenes and big explosions and bloody fights, but nothing to remember it for. In spite of some annoying technical issues and questionable design, Mad Max is functional, but it's fluff, plain and simple."
,Recommended,234140,20064408,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Big Slim,Solid Game!  I like that it isn't holding my hand too much as open world games can do.  Plays more like an rpg.  Have done like 3 story missions and am already rather upgraded.  Solid combat and driving mechanics.
,Recommended,234140,21096028,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,IndecentSpider,"Absolutally love it, had a chance to play this on a mates ps4 since i had lost my steam info at the time, since making a new account and buying it whilst it was on offer i've now found something to waste part of my life on, its also a completionists nightmare! 9/10"
76561198128653117,Recommended,234140,21115011,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"Certain game review websites panned this game.  I quite honestly don't know what they disliked so much about it.  It's an open world, take over camps, type of game.  Think Farcry 3 and 4.  I, however, think this is more fun than Farcry 4.  The combat system is almost exactly like the Arkham games, that is to say, great.  The Mad Max universe is rich with blood, explosions, and fuel.  If you've seen Fury Road, it's like that, but more gory.  Also, it runs fantastic.  If you've got a mid-range PC, you can run it without compromising graphical quality.Pros:-Huge world-Great combat-Fun upgrades-Runs great-Good character design-Good voice acting-Great atmosphere and moodCons:-Jumping and climbing can be a little clunky-Can be repetitive"
,Recommended,234140,17961013,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BobbitWormJoe,"Mad Max features some of the best car-to-car combat I have ever seen in a game. Combat is similar to Batman and Shadow of Mordor, but actually a little more difficult, as Max cannot always counter hits at any time.Overall, a pretty good open world game and an amazing vehicular combat game."
76561198145461247,Recommended,234140,18300642,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PizzaOfDeath,"Great game! not spectacular due to its similarities to other great Titles. Overall a fun experience! Driving feels great but the camera lacks direction at times which throws me off. Combat is alright but maybe the weakest if you played the other WB games IMO, control's are a little clunky as well. Graphics are beautiful though and is optimized to perfection. Great game if you have time to kill but it get's dull after a few hours or so of playing.  Either way I recommend this game to the fans, to the hardcore gamer's you'll find it decent if anything. For me a 7/10"
76561197960864830,Recommended,234140,20650083,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dr 5x1p3,Mad Max is like Russel Crowe on Southparkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnlZPohCU7Usee what i mean ?got it on sale was well worth it
76561198148615580,Recommended,234140,20737703,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,CaptSpaulding2,The♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,234140,27755449,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DisMoike,"Surprisingly Good game.Pros:Excellent graphics and art style. The wasteland really comes to life. As in, there's not much life, as it's a dead wasteland ;)Runs butter-smooth and one of the best opimised games of 2015. A GTX970 will run this 60fps, 1080p with no frame drops at allmaxsettings (Max/Ultra).Lots to do for an open world game. The story will take approximately 20 hours if you blaze through it, and over 50 to complete the extras.Vehicle combat is satisfying, and captures the movie combat perfectly, even the first peron view from the trailers is there!There are loads of details in the world of the game, and features, like the ability for a local friend to use an Xbox controller to control the camera in video capture mode to make your own fighting scenes.Huge map, similar in scale to Just Cause (same Devs).Cons:Can get repetitive with the same types of enemies and camps - the mini-bosses are just reskinned with a different weakness.Getting scrap in the mid game can be a grind, expecially to get parts for the car for certain missions.Car handling is frustrating at times, on keyboard (haven't tried controller yet, so may be different). The cars tend to spin out often if you take the slightest jump, and environmental damage seems to do more damage to the car than a head on collision with a Rammerhead truck!7/10"
76561198260683667,Recommended,234140,22145999,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,alex jones,"Very fun game. It perfectly expresses the depressing and cruel world of Mad Max. The vehicle combat is entertaining and filled with explosions, and the ground combat is bloody and brutal."
76561197969882528,Recommended,234140,21976224,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,49thSutek,"This is an excellent extension of the movie.  The story is interesting, the game is beautiful, and the play is fun and enGROSSing.  I don't know how they could have done much better."
,Recommended,234140,21206015,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"THISThis is how you make a free roam game. Mad Max was one of the most fun to play games I have ever evperienced.The overall game has a dark tone, which is only reinforced with every relic you find. The relics tell the story of the fall of civilization and the beginning of the world which Max lives in. You might find yourself playing for hours just to collect relics alone.The combat feels satisfying, Not too easy, but not too difficult either. I loved getting in the 12 v 1 fights. And the car battles are challenging and also very fun with numerous ways to stop your pursuers.Buying this game at full price is worth every penny if you love post apolocalyptic stories and free roam/Rpg and even beat em up qame play.I can see this game easily going into the 100+ hours played category for me. I have finished the game and still have an urge to play it weeks later.Buy it, and support developers who do things right."
,Recommended,234140,17922061,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[ˢᵖᶦᶜʸ] Nuclearpigz,I enjoy this game so much I can't even think of the words to say my love for this game.
76561198032568116,Recommended,234140,17921995,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Gustavdkf,"BEWARE!!!!! Beware of a bug in A Piece Tougher. If you destroy the convoy in the southeast corner of Gutgash's territory before starting that story mission, it will glitch and you will be stuck. I just lost 3 hours to that bug.Other than that, so far, it is a great game. A more thorough review will come once I get past that bug."
,Recommended,234140,22223499,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MissingNoGuy55,"Mad Max is a game that definitely has pros outweighing the cons. Just like with any human creation however, there are flaws.Pros:+ Healthy amount of vehicle customization.+ A good amount of vehicles from the Mad Max universe.+ A big map encompassing the seafloor and some of the Outback.+ Good voice acting (whoever did Max did it great).+ Satisfying melee combat.+ Great vehicular combat.Cons:- Boss fights are repetitive, using the same AI.- Not much post-game content."
76561198072133360,Recommended,234140,22378513,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,thenightcrusader,"Mad Max is an enjoyable game as you play the title character in the quest to cross the Wasteland. Unfortunately, your car was wrecked and Lord Scrotus, war boys wound you and left you to die on the Wasteland. As expected and cliche as it sounds, it's the classic one-man hero story taking revenge on your aggressor as you get tangled with Lord Scrotus and his gang of war boys in the tussle for power in the Wasteland. Along the way, other colorful characters and allies added some emotions to the otherwise one-dimensional story telling.The pros;-The main story game is packed with actions and story the first 20 hours or so.-You get the options to modify your car, the Magnum Opus and upgrade its arsenals.-Few different factions of bad guys and allies added some variety to the gameplay.-Different challenges from car to ground combat available to test your skills and yes patienceSome cons;-can be highly repetitive after completion of main story line-allies should do more than just decorating the story, game doesn't even allow the option of calling allies to storm a camp-top dog character design and fights are also repetitive; hit hit hit, fury mode, shiv, and rinse and repeat-some upgrades like the last V8 engine only unlocks after completing 100% of the threats making it pointless to even upgrade in the first placeOverall, a good experience and story telling. If you choose to pick it up, do get it at a discount though."
76561197970995951,Recommended,234140,19651470,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Uncle Frank,As a fan of the Mad Max movies since the first one this game is a dream come true. Its basically a Mad Max simulator and for me it gets pretty much everything right. I love it.
,Recommended,234140,22334477,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Filthydelphia,"Mad Max is an excellent video game adaptation of the Mad Max film series. Fans of the latest film especially will enjoy this game as it heavily borrows the style of Fury Road for its narrative themes, locations, characters, and vehicles.While the game has been criticized for recycling tried and true game mechanics from the Arkham and Just Cause series, Mad Max innovates vehicular violence. Just as the chase scenes were the highlight and raison d'etre of the films, car combat and convoy attacks add an excitement to this game rarely found in gaming. Enemies leap onto your vehicle and attempt to ram you off road or damage your car with spiked hubcaps or sideburner flame exhausts. While other games have featured car combat, particularly in the post-apocalyptic setting (such as RAGE), Mad Max is the first to actually use cars themselves as weapons instead of simply using them as fast mobile gun platforms.Adding strategic depth to the car combat is the almost RPG-like car building system. There are few absolute upgrades here. Every decision has consequences and the build of your car dramatically alters the strategy you take into fights. Do you build up your car's armor and add spikes to hinder boarders at the cost of speed and acceleration? Do you install a mighty V8 engine knowing your vehicle's handling will suffer?The combination of exciting and strategic car combat with a faithful adaptation of the intriguing Mad Max world makes this game a must buy for fans and all action gamers. Recommended."
76561197995999567,Recommended,234140,24400348,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Torriador,"Decent enough for a movie tie-in (prequel to Fury Road).... but, it could have been so much better.....PROSBeautiful graphics, stable frameratesDecent voice acting, and some memorable charactersInteresting storyline,  the events lead up to Fury Roadworks better when using a controllernice, interesting terrrain, mostly open world sandboxConsRepetitive combat and farming missions, rinse and repeatvehicles other than Max's serve virtually no purpose, other than as collection/racing piecesvehicle control and combat is pretty sketchy (with KB), will tend to oversteer and miss many good opportunities for carnage.you will fight the game's camera control almost constantly, as it will reposition itself whenever it chooses (also force focuses on things IT deems noteworthy)H2H combat suffers from same as above.very little incentive to replay/contine game, one the main storyline is finished. (2nd run boring, 3rd a struggle, can't bring myself to complete a fourth)Tl:drgame is good enough, buy it when it's on sale.If you like the Mad Max world, It's worth it just to experience the storyline.If it wasn't set in the Road Warrior universe, with max as the character, it would be another generic car/combat sanbox game."
,Recommended,234140,24615113,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,sbREVOlution5,"The game is very fun in the beginning, but It loses its charm about 60% through.  It becomes a grind.  If it's on sale buy it, but for full price it feels too grindy"
76561198030480161,Recommended,234140,24485633,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Eng. Redes e Pescas,"Great enviroment, and roaming the Great white and wasteland is fun.Combat is nice as well as car mechanic. And the story is brutal, as a pos-apocaliptic world should be.Great characteriation of enviroments and strongholds and characters.A bit on the grindy side."
76561198062001276,Recommended,234140,24396180,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Stang,Awesome game!
,Recommended,234140,22331374,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Glenbluey,"This game has sucked alot of time out of my life. im not complainingwould recomend this game to anybody. plays really well. only complaint i have is that one piece of scrap glitch out, making it impossible to complete the game 100%."
,Recommended,234140,30787155,Posted: 27 March,all,Kakarot_76,"Bought this for £5 in a steam saleGet this if you like:- Driving, exploration and collectibles- The meaty sound of car with a V6 or a V8 as it smashes through the exploding husk of another car- A simple bit of carnage *PUN*- Simplified Batman Arkham series combat where you just beat people to death, simple yet satisfyingIts a good cheap buy and a great for little bursts of fun"
,Recommended,234140,25602741,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,C.Ritter,"Great game, got lots of fun moments in this game, very enjoyable, LIKE IT!"
76561198298214441,Recommended,234140,25600679,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ACE7F22,"First let me start by saying that I saw Furry Road.  I imagined the game would be similar, such as speeding through deserts, battling masses of other vehicles and such.  Also imagined having a tank car, like with actual treads.  That all being said, it didn't meet my expectations, but I haven't stopped playing it yet.  The customization is good enough, the car battles are fun, and driving around the desert may be more a challenge then expected, but that is enjoyable as well.  The fights on foot are also really fun, and become really challenging.  It's a simple formula, but one that is used well.  All in all, this game is well worth having in a collection, especially if you love the idea of free roaming, no rules, and amassing enough power to become a total boss.  The rush off speeding down the road, spotting an enemy car heading in your direction, and just ramming him head on, tearing right through him in a huge explosion.  That alone was worth $10.  Beautiful."
,Recommended,234140,25601338,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZUGOC,Awesome!!
,Not Recommended,234140,24934034,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The Graveyard Killer,"In truth I both recommend this game and don’t. You see for every good mechanic there is a negative, here are some examples:-	The game has a lot of side activities to keep you occupied, but these are repetitive with laughable variety.-	Extensive customisation of your magnum opus, but you can only achieve this be completing many aforementioned repetitive side quests.-	An okay story, but some missions are locked away until you complete some side quests and only the ending is really that memorable.-	The game is well optimised with impressive graphics, but the whole game is set in a desert and graphics shouldn’t be a defining feature of a game.-	The game features survival elements such as water, food, fuel and shotgun bullet, but food and water are only for health, fuel is plentiful and every one of these items can be immediately restocked at any upgraded base.-	You can enter and collect enemy’s cars for fun and to become disguised, but why use an obsolete car when yours can be upgraded on they fly, equipped with all weapons, be summoned from anywhere and is invincible.In conclusion and considering the low price I would have recommended it as there is nothing noteworthy but nothing disappointing, but upon my attempted 100% completion I ran into three separate glitches which prevent me from achieving such a thing:A outpost would auto last improve, a character won’t register in the bios and a quest won’t complete, because of this I cannot recommend."
76561198105192316,Recommended,234140,25594494,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TheWildFrenchFry,"really fun game, highly recommend it"
,Recommended,234140,25594569,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,fozax,"Rly nice game for guys who like exploring and action games , alot things to do and to create .And always there is more to do ."
76561197992863154,Recommended,234140,25595275,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Snank,"I'm really enjoying Mad Max, it keeps bringing me back to play more.  I find the controls a little odd, but not enough to ruin gameplay."
,Recommended,234140,25583653,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CoffeeMug,"If you're a fan of the franchise and the MM world, this game is a must get. Just like how Rocksteady made the perfect Batman experience with their games, Mad Max creates the perfect post-apocalyptic wasteland-drifter gasser-crazed western experience. Set in canon with Fury Road, you have a vast (and truly huge) wasteland to explore, hundreds of things to do, a wide array of customizations, and a world to discover which lives and breathes and feels real.If you like post-apocalyptic games, hot rods, the Batman Arkham series, Mad Max, sandbox games with a huge immersive world and plenty of things to do, this is the definite game for you.If you like story-oriented games with a tight plot but have little interest for the things mentioned above, you should skip. The game is lighter on story (just like Fury Road was) but is V8-pedal-to-the-metal-polished-in-chrome heavy in the details and the small touches (just like Fury Road was) that can make all the difference.What a game, what a lovely game."
,Recommended,234140,25584297,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Phil Dunphy,At $10 this game is a steal 10/10
,Recommended,234140,17912997,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Vynewind,Nice vast single map open world game! Very nice atmospheric feel makes you feel like you're in the deadly wasteland. However main story line is too short. Manage to finish the game in 3 days included some side quest and complete a few maps. Very decent graphics and gameplay overall
76561198156919949,Recommended,234140,17913285,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Arizona_Red,I'm a big fan of this game but I grew up in the 80's watching Mad Max and other great movies like it and have become a big fan of post apocalyptic everything so my opinion may be a little bias on this game.Other people have already written great reviews about this game so I'm just gonna add that I personally see this getting a little old over time if the game play doesn't change at all from start to finish.
76561198013249424,Recommended,234140,17912776,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ClaytownUSA,Soon my dog of war
,Recommended,234140,23546394,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SamuraiBrack,"Bought this game on a random sale and couldn't have been more pleased!Hours of joy surviving in the wastelands. Enjoyed the combat system - being WB, its clear they took a page out of the Batman series. The car aspect annoyed me slightly, but was still a fun aspect of the game.I did not 100% as clearing the random camps became a bit tedious.Overall, solid 8/10. Would recommend if you are looking for something to hold you over for a couple days."
,Recommended,234140,24069419,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,smokauweeds,"pretty good!Always leary of the movie to game adaptations, but this is fun, looks great, runs very well, has enough distractions to keep me coming back.I have almost rage quit twice, but powered through.The upgrades are pretty good, for the player, car bases, etc.8\10"
,Recommended,234140,18148109,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hauntyu,"Fantastic open world, with great car combat, upgrades and just so much to do. 8/10"
,Recommended,234140,17915943,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TheSithElite,My game of the Year. (That's not Fallout 4 or Battlefront 3)
,Recommended,234140,17989109,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,t.tv/snugglefreshandfriends,"Mad Max depicts the life of a man who was involved in a road rage incident and sentenced to 100 hours of community service within his home country of Australia.  Join Max as he works out his anger issues and helps his community in the process by cleaning up scrap and trash, all while fullfilling his requirement of 100 hours community service!"
76561198031495115,Recommended,234140,18166934,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,T-T-T-Torrance,"I give this game a 7 of 10.Looks great, plays very well (most of the time, the physics are a tiny bit wonky and your car cant flip if you try)That being said that it feels a bit too casual and repetitive, but I am only about half way through it still.  If you havent bought it yes I would recommend waiting for the first sale because 60 dollars seems a bit much for what you get but all and all its pretty good."
,Recommended,234140,18005225,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Blackshard,"Max may be mad, but the warlord who rules this open world is nuts."
,Recommended,234140,18084642,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Old&Heavy,"Poor story but still a nice ""Wasteland"""
,Recommended,234140,18045782,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,mat,This game is really awesome
76561197997766996,Recommended,234140,17908512,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Piwobrody,AQUA COLA!!!!
,Recommended,234140,17842062,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mrdudecall,if you enjoyed games like batman and shadows of mordor you will most likely enjoy this game. would rate a solid 9/10
76561197977461309,Recommended,234140,30515755,Posted: 14 March,all,Fleur,I played it for 1.5 hours now and I'm already more than satisfied with a €6.79 game!It looks great.It runs incredibly smooth (above 100 fps maxed out settings) on my gtx 1060 + w3550 cpu.I really recommend this game!
,Recommended,234140,17851943,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,nipple chomper,fun and immersive.  pick up and play and get right into the action.  doesnt keep you waiting for long at any time.  always something fun to do or watch.  4.5/5
,Recommended,234140,17909112,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,USDcom,"great driving, great fighting, great setting.. what more can you ask for ?"
,Recommended,234140,17856770,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,pablo.mandiaz2004,"Car with barrels of gas that hits me and blows up, kills me.I hit car with barrels of gas and it blows up, no damage.10/10 would blow up again."
,Recommended,234140,17857076,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,vampyre78,I'm mad. He's Max.  We're a double act.10/10 would accidentally walk off first cliff again.
,Recommended,234140,17854692,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Captain N,"I am impressed. It's a unique title which is odd for a movie game. It's kinda like RAGE but it's better. It's mostly hand to hand combat due to the lack of ammo. Graphics are good. Play control is good. Story is good. I really like how it flushes out the characters from the new movie. Watch Fury Road first. You have to eat, drink and scavange like a true survivor. If you are a Mad Max fan you will enjoy this game."
76561197961860435,Recommended,234140,17856174,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Whyte.Oni,"This game is great! Not because it has the best graphics in the world, the most in depth crafting system, or the combat system with the most nuance. Instead, it has solid performance, provides a great time, and is generally good at everything it does.  To all the game review sites out there nit-picking this or that, look at what the users are saying and ask yourself if maybe you have lost touch.I live, I die, I live again! Oh what a lovely day!"
,Recommended,234140,17856402,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cole,"Just beat the campain and felt it was one of the best open world games I've played in a while. Took me about 20 or so hours to beat, playing straight though with no side missions. Now, its time to 100% this game. Would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,234140,17856762,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Raylan Givens,Started gameMet DogMet Hunchback about to eat DogTeam up with HunchbackKill baddies10/10
76561198211640041,Recommended,234140,17857180,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,paulthelegacy,"Game runs smooth and its vast open beuty leaves me standing in the smae spot longer then the AI wants me to. the only real issue is I can not seem to just walk slowly, since I dont have a controler. still trying to find a solution but the game was in every aspect worthy of the term (open world) and (survival)."
76561198008671101,Recommended,234140,17858207,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,royaljosh,I love my car in real life.I never thought I would own a computer game where I loved my car in it even more.
,Recommended,234140,17858605,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Snauss,"Mad Maxis an open-world car-based exploration game with Arkham style combat and leveling/ upgrade system. The game takes place in a deslotated Australia, as the moviesRoad Warrior,Beyond Thunderdomeand the more recentFury Roadwere set up, but this stretch of the wasteland is a dried up seabed called the Great White. Top off on fuel, load your sawed off, and buckle in for a wild ride.StoryAfter an unlucky encounter with the local warlord Scrotus and his War Boys, you are left for dead with everything lost to the raiders. After taking inventory off what was left in the fighting, you start again but this time, with a thirst for revenge. A strange hunchbacked mechanic claims you are a saint sent to fullfil a prophecy: to take his prized project, the Magnum Opus, and take the fight to Gastown, where Scrotus sits at his bloody throne.GameplayWith a large map to cover, you're gonna need some trusty wheels, a set of nimble blackfingers, a mean right hook, and an iron at your hip. There is a lot of progression be had to overcome a number of obsticles the game presents. It can be anything from a new set of tires to your shotgun to finding more resources to upgrading services within strongholds. There are sights to be salvaged,  camps to be captured, buggies that need beatings, mountains for meditating, totems for tearing... down, and dog food that needs digesting.Although you have yourself some ranged options, you'll most likely gonna settle things hand to hand. Combat is good, but bare bones: press once for light attack, hold to build up for heavier attack, press this button to counter when you see the prompt. However, you gain more abilities as you rank up that spice combat up, like the point-blank shotgun gut blast or chargingat the enemy to knock them off their feet.Driving feels too stiff at first, but eases on you as you play. Fuel lasts a fairly long time and gas can be found anywhere with the Scrotus forces about. If you do ding your car up, your hunchback mechanic/prophet will climb out of the back fix it right back up.Finally, we have car combat. You have your basic stuff here: ramming to do damage, boosting before a hit does more. That's not all; you have an arsenal to aid your vehicle plights, such as the harpoon for tearing chunks off a car or even ripping out the driver.CharactersWonderful. If you are a fan of Mad Max or if you just got the game without seeing the films, you'll enjoy the vivid personallities each one has to offer.OptimizationMy mid-tier laptop handles the game smoothly with very little hiccups, cutscenes tend to lag but this one's on me. Be sure to check the spec requirements for the game before purchase.BugsI haven't come across aything game breaking so far. The only thing that seems to happen is when I bring up a menu while subtitles are being displayed, and the subtitles stay in the menu until you close the menu.Conclusion9/10Tons of ContentGreat CharactersDecent DrivingOk CombatLots of OptionsHarmless bugs here and there"
76561197997405715,Recommended,234140,17855354,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Allen Zhao,Witness Me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,234140,17855791,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,hiro24,"I was torn between MM or MGSV, as they released the same day. In the end, I went with MM. So far I'm very pleased with my decision. Not to take anything away from MGSV, if the reviews are to be trusted I'm sure it's a great game. But I'm a bit burnt out on the Call of Duty type games. MM is more of an action game w/ RPG elements. It doesn't try to pretend to be everything to everyone. It sets out to do a few things and do them well, and it delivers. The combat is very Batman: Arkham <insert word here>, with vehicular combat. In the end, it's an exceptional game and very enjoyable."
,Recommended,234140,17856304,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gs T starth,fun fun fun
,Recommended,234140,17856418,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,beefcakepussy,You can upgrade facial hair.10/10Game of the year
,Recommended,234140,17856474,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FreddieS,"Love this game, great combat, both in your car, and on foot. The cuztomization in this game is amazing, 18 different cuztomizable parts of your car. Great storyline. The open world aspect is amazing. visually stunning, everything you could ask for in a AAA Title."
76561198036501773,Recommended,234140,17856740,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,War61,"Freaking awesome game! Looks awesome, runs awesome, plays awesome.... oh and boob physics :)"
76561198086834502,Recommended,234140,17857557,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,StarkWhite95,"This game is an absolute blast to play. Ever since I watched Fury Road, I highly anticipated this game. I loved the bizarrely brutal world and characters the movie had and I can tell you that a lot of that atmosphere is very much intact in the Mad Max Game.The melee combat is just as easy (but even more badass) than the fighting in the Arkham games and Shadow of Mordor. The impact of the punches and kicks are intense and powerful. It feels like a brutal street brawl as opposed to the martial arts style Batman uses. I prefer Max's style of improvised brutality. He does crazy chains full of body slams and drop kicks. The combat is just simple fun.The story seems good so far. It's mysterious on one end and straight foward on another. The characters are wild and fit perefeclty into the world of Mad Max. The side quests have you infiltrate bases and destroy their men and operations. While doing these things, you collect scrap parts (the games currency to upgrade yor Magnum Opus)  and fill up on water and gas for Max and his car respectively. You can also destroy beacons of the enemy while drivng around the world. The world is a pretty good size as well. It feels varied and surprisingly full of life considering it's a giant wasteland. I can see how the quests can get repetitive, but it's so fun doing them, I don't mind it that much. What I love the absolute most is just driving around discovering and destroying.The driving and car combat  is where this game becomes insanely fun. You can constantly upgrade your Magnum Opus (Your modified war car) with the help of Chumbucket who becomes your mechanic and sidekick. Clearly driving and discovering is the main focus in this game. You come across enemy convoys, loot cars, stray enemy cars, monuments to destroy,races to partake in, as well as small hideouts in underground caves, small mountain peeks, dried out docks and more laid out across the wasteland. So far, convoys have been the most intense and most satisfying driving fun. If you destroy a convoy truck, you get an ornement to put on the hood or trunk of your car. Car combat consists of turbo ramming, side ramming, shotgunning and harpooning. When you aim, time slows down, allowing you to target specific parts of the vehicle or even the driver if he's exposed. I've never played a game with car combat as fun and simple as in Mad Max. If the game just consisted of that, I would still buy it.Iv'e experienced all of this just in the first 3 hours of play. I don't know much of the story, but the characters and enemies are as inspired as the ones in the movies. The melee combat is fun and it makes you feel like a badass. the quest and side activies (while a bit repetetive) are still fun enough to make it worth it. Where this game becomes exceptional is when you get to explore the amazing Mad Max world in your lethal Magnum Opus."
76561198119518672,Recommended,234140,17859382,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mr.TChops,The most satisfying game I have ever played :D
,Recommended,234140,17860558,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chris Adamantium,"Already put so many hours in and so much more to do.  Graphics run smooth,  gameplay is fun if you love to explore and do sidequests.  My hands hurt from gripping my controller for so long.  PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,234140,17854579,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Timberrino,"Everyone is so crazy and mad, except the dog10/10"
,Recommended,234140,17854904,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,tommzardoz,"The best sandbox ever, literally. 9/10. Not 10 because of some slugish controls."
,Recommended,234140,20954284,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Horus,"This has got to be one of the greatest games ever made. The fight scenes might be repetative, the driving might not be very realistic, the scrap and historic data may be just another item to pick up, but the story, the character play the language, the entire game wants you to play more. Great game, a truly great game.Oh! I cannot remember one time a swear word was used, well done on that. I am really fed up with games using swear words. We can all use them, but is it really necessary in a game for anything other than effect? Bad language is okay, but swearing over and over again (GTAV) is but a poor story line and only there for kids or less than mature gamers ill-educated entertainment."
,Recommended,234140,20490828,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Thunda,"This game is pretty good to be honest. Visually it's very nice, combat is enjoyable, and the cars are fun to drive and battle in. The story is quite repetitive (go and find this person in this place and take out these people for them) and i've ony played 7 hours. So basically I stopped doing any missions and just went round killing people, it's mich more fun. It's exactly the same as I do on Shadow of Mordor.This game will run on systems below the minimum specs however and is very nicely optimised. Capped at 60 fps for me and is never drops below 59 and I have a pretty decent system. Plus at at fairly cheap price tag I would pick up this game again. Stick on some music and go and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros:>Nice Looking>Good Combat>Good Driving Physics>Lots of customisationCons:>Repetitive Story"
76561198043351747,Recommended,234140,17865170,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Arimember,"""I am the Nightrider. I'm a fuel injected suicide machine. I am the rocker, I am the roller, I am the out-of-controller! """
76561197994346819,Recommended,234140,18246411,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lt. Fed Rat,WITNESS MEEEEEE. awesome game. Dont know why was it rated quite low on meta critic. real worth the price.
,Recommended,234140,26190997,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Avo,Really fun game and good graphics!
11262112621126211,Recommended,234140,25595484,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,JeefCake,WHY'S IT SO ADDICTING TO LEVEL UP YOUR CAR?I DONT KNOWI JUST LOVE GOING AROUND BRUTALLY BEATING HOMELESS PEOPLE TO DEATHAND THEN TAKING THEIR STUFFAHAHAHHAHA10/10
76561198332024539,Recommended,234140,31160109,Posted: 15 April,all,Hypnotoad,Bought Mass Effect Andromeda for 50 quid. Played 2 hours and turned it off.Bought Mad Max for a fiver on Steam Sale. Played 20+ hours and counting. Enough said.
76561197970397064,Recommended,234140,28175472,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Radeh,"What a pleasant surprise :)If you rush through the main quest, you will be disappointed a little bit due to how quickly it might seem to end. However, if you are into fun fights, upgrading cars, being creative in a huge sandbox world and enjoy stunning graphics that are super optimized...just buy it! Take your time in game and enjoy upgrading your car :)Got it today, can see myself playing this for dozens of hours at least."
,Recommended,234140,17852866,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ouzyldzzz,Perfectorino
,Recommended,234140,23632021,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lukarikate,good gameplay good graphics bad story
76561198043744873,Recommended,234140,17988743,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Negro Y Azul,"9/10 An absolute blast to play. Having a bad day? Load Mad Max and crash head on into a speeding car! Rip someones tire off then run them down when they get out of the car! Beat someone bloody and go into a blind rage curb stomping the holy heck out of them. The combat is polished and very well done. It actually gets me somewhat pumped taking on large groups. Anyone who has played the batman series will be somewhat familiar with the combat mechanics. Blood, explosions, high rpm cars running at top speed, it's only missing some sexy women in cute outfits to be absolutely crazy good.The one draw back I have is the storyline missions are somewhat unpolished. They feel like they lack some crucial information and leave you wondering, in certain parts, where you go or what you do next. All in all, though, I would very much reccomend this game. It's an absolute smashing good time."
76561198037248901,Recommended,234140,17947147,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Brick Wallbody,"I like this game and yes I recommend it especially if you’re a Mad Max fan. I think the issue with some of the negative mainstream reviews is that we have non-Mad Max fans expecting the wrong things from a Mad Max game. Mad Max should be filled with brutal, fast paced action and that’s exactly what I’ve experienced so far. Sure it’s not perfect and it’s true that there’s nothing new or innovative here at all but that doesn’t mean the game is trash. The driving is decent (better than most), the gun combat is ok (par for the course) but the hand-to-hand combat is GREAT (above average for sure). So far the story is decent but again it’s not groundbreaking. The marks of a good game are how well the core mechanics function. If you have a great soundtrack, graphics and storyline but poor gameplay mechanics you’ve realistically paid $60 for some cool tunes with pretty pictures and some neat voice acting and that’s not the case here. The devs did a good job at nailing what makes Mad Max, Mad Max. For non-Mad Max fans I give this game a 6/10 (just a bit above average) and for Mad Max fans I give it a 7/10 (above average)."
,Recommended,234140,27750918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MonkeyDown11,I drove into the sunset
76561197982573739,Recommended,234140,20896508,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Chico,"This is one of the games where you just know that the developers had so much fun creating it that they tried to pull in every aspect of the Movie/Storyline that they could.The game is action packed, full of cool missions that are not too similar to each other which is kind of hard if you remember the fact that most of the things you do is driving your car.The hyped player will be soon rewarded in the game with cool features and amazing action.All of this is packed into a pretty amazing graphic setting which looks just stunning no matter in what area you are.Fazit:- nice action- cool gameplay- lots of improvements for you car/char- alternating story missions- a bad♥♥♥♥♥main character- awesome graphiconly con:the Scrap you collect from your bases is not allways the same amount. sometimes the game doesn't calculate the right amount and you're left a little short. sometimes when you enter the game too fast, the RAGE meter does not show."
76561198147965768,Recommended,234140,25334334,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Pachango,"WB, Avalanche, MAKE MAD MAX MULTIPLAYERplease.Thank You!and new missions!9/10 great game"
76561198074383187,Recommended,234140,20281884,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mad Dog,freaking awesome!!!!!!
,Recommended,234140,30152523,Posted: 24 February,all,KilesaMara,"Mad Max is a great game, the graphics, driving around in the wastes, working on your car, the survival elements, they all work beautifully. The best part being the car combat, the handling also feels very nice and the weapons available on the cars are also fun to use.The game however loses all that in the sections where you leave your car, the melee combat is similar to that of the Arkham games or Shadow of Mordor but lacks the depth that these had. You will spend most of your time doing simple combos and parries. The bossfights were also a big letdown, they are all identical, they share the same model and moveset only difference being that they have different weaknesses.I would have liked they focused more on the driving aspect, maybe have the bosses drive unique cars on the road similar to the convoys that are in the game but with more depth and special mechanics. Even simple exploration would work just fine if not better whilst driving the car as seen in the missions taking place in the underdune where you have to avoid traps or in the tunnels where you salvage a train carriage with your car.The car customization could have used some more options but its enough to keep you busy in a casual playthrough and the plot will not win any awards but it will keep your attention and has some memorable characters and moments.The passing years have given us a lot of great open world games. Mad Max is one of them, It's a treat to explore the world for the first time, the vistas are amazing and the world itself is filled with tons of interesting locations and side activities.The game is totally worth the €20 and even more when its on discount."
,Recommended,234140,20864122,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shotty NoX,"Awesome game, many nods to the movies, if you love open world games, this is a must have, some of the best visuals in gaming. -9/10"
76561198021357566,Recommended,234140,17960600,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,skyleg,"This game has had mixed reviews and I can see why. Just about every aspect of its gameplay seems to be ripped from shadow of mordor and just cause, but I loved those games and I love this. If anything you need to play this game for a good 10 hours before it starts to shine. It has some incredible moments and some tedious, but the good outways the bad.It looks incredible, utilising the same fire and explosion engine from upcoming Just cause 3 and some of the desert vistas are stunning. Its been a while since Ive wanted to go completionist on a game but this one gets done!!"
76561198174179517,Recommended,234140,17871928,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tahlseth,"This game is beautiful.It takes place in the same world as the movies, but plays like an actual game, instead of going the same route that every other Movie related game takes where they follow just about every scene.The travelling can be long going from place to place, but it doesn't make it boring. There's plenty of odd places off the beaten path to explore and scavenge for supplies, and of course random encounters with both good strangers, and psychopaths looking to ram your car over.Instead of having a long oriented tutorial, they put you right in the action. Which is nice, since they actually incorporated the tutorial pieces into the story missions for the first while to get you on your feet without making you look like a total retard at first.The combat system is fairly smooth in my experience so far. Lot of people say it feels a lot like the Batman games, but it actually works.With my first few hours of experience so far, I'm finding this to be one of my favorite action/ survival games so far. Well worth playing through to ease the wait for Fallout 4."
,Recommended,234140,19555462,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Spefic ツ,"Still loving the game after I've played it for 150h, completed the story twice and maxed everything out. Although the story isn't the best and without an epic ending, it's still worth every penny for me because of epic effects and graphics. Free-roming around and blowing up multiple cars with one thunderstick just makes the game for me. :D10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,234140,17950784,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Big Tompson,"Mmm, Maggots."
,Recommended,234140,17962155,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Wom,"Feels just like a Mad Max game should feel like. Car chase combat is perfect, every trip across the wastes is like a thrilling scene from the movie. Ground combat isn't really anything special, but it's still satisfying as hell.I PLAY, I DIE, I PLAY AGAIN"
76561198015204250,Recommended,234140,17858516,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Riley Freeman (papa bless),This game is simply fantastic
76561198037210866,Recommended,234140,17858668,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Flint,"What Lord Tommy said. His review is my review only I'm too lazy to put it so eloquently. Reviews can make or break a game and that can be woefully biased, you don't know me and sometimes I don't know myself but I tell you....if you are interested in this genre then buy the damn game, play it, have a mountain of fun, and then realise that the ""critics"" really do have a political agenda. And no I'm not a 16 yo twit that has never gamed before (no offence 16 yo twits, sometimes you can be awesome!) I'm a 45 yo family man with too much time on my hands. Viva La Gamers!!!Addendum: At first my tyres were old retreads strapped to refuse and a rim with wire straps, tonight they are whole tyres which look completely real....problem being they are are on backwards...small gripe  I know but gimme forward facing tyres lest I may crash if it rains!!Tyres....Tyres...yes that's how we spell it in Australia...Just ask Max....I went to school with him ya know.....well...maybe not but his brother was on my football team."
76561198166587078,Recommended,234140,17859504,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,dasskunkape,what it should be with room for a lil more
76561198068731501,Recommended,234140,17859654,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Klash,"9/10 driving is very strange or not as responsive as you'd like. Other than that game is awesome all the way around. Sound, Graphics optimized, story is decent not amazing but decent. Game is very fun and good if you like open world action games . Think  Uncharted + Just Cause 2"
76561197970433771,Recommended,234140,17856647,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Neofightr,"After playing for a few hours I have to say this game is great. I don't get the weak press reviews. The production value of the game alone garners an 8.0The voice acting is solid, gameplay is what you would expect for a game with this theme.The story is what you would expect for a mad max game.The physics and explosions are top notch and really brings in the immersion. Very satisfying action.Truly a great homage to the mad max universe.A worthy buy.8.5/10"
,Recommended,234140,17857502,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Luxray,"An amazing open world game, although the game can get very repetitive."
76561198027404249,Recommended,234140,17857521,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TheJakeLord,Best game I have played in a long time!
,Recommended,234140,17860409,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Nico,"What a lovely game! Great fun, slight repetitiveness to it, but in all great fun so far!"
76561198199103410,Recommended,234140,17855824,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,malagesez,Game Takes Place In Modern Australia
,Recommended,234140,17855882,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,The Wiggler,FUN TO THE MAX!
76561198239021266,Recommended,234140,17855996,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Silent Clutch,"I was skeptical going into this game, but after about 2 hours in I realized that this game is GREAT!"
76561197970987530,Recommended,234140,17856224,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Debaucher,My boots are full of sand.10/10Will tread the deserts again.
,Recommended,234140,17856282,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,- B,"This game is faster than fear, tougher than an iguana's gonads"
,Recommended,234140,17858389,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FluxComplex,"By far one of the best games I've ever played.Cars are clunky at first, but once you get some new tires and that fourth tier harpoon, the car combat leaps to a new level.I am a bit saddened by the skill tree....or path. It's very linear. Sure you can choose not to get one skill over the other. But I feel this game could only benefit from a web based skill tree like the Arkham series uses.The game has boats loads of content. In the 15.4 hours of playtime I have logged at the time of this review, I have barely progressed in the campaign and only have half of Jeez's region clear. I find this very positive.Outstanding game"
76561198047310512,Recommended,234140,17858524,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,codymanning,a most have game for Post-apocalyptic lovers. hopeing that this can hold me over till fallout 4 comes out.! :)
76561198122369560,Recommended,234140,17860232,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LeFoux,"What the hell are archangels? How the hell do I display a full size map? How do I switch to first person while driving?I did eat some rats though and give water to hobos, now I know why the hunchback from 300 is calling me ""Saint""Harpooned a warboy and drove round dragging him behind the car like I was Brad Pitt from from Troy up in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Screw kotaku and Hideo Kojima fanboys for that matter"
,Recommended,234140,17854738,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Thoth,"Solid gameplay, good length, car customization is deep."
76561198058764213,Recommended,234140,17937255,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,NEGAN,"Bought this game without any knowlegde on anything and I have to say I'm not disappointed. It has a combat system similar to the batman ""attack, parry, dodge roll, ect.."" but more realistic. What I'm saying is you can't just fly across the screen to punch someone. I do have to say that there is a repetative feel objective  wise but for me it doesn't matter much. However be worned you will fight similar enemies and do the same thing to complete objectives. Overall I give this 10/10."
,Recommended,234140,17942952,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Casper,Mad Max fan? buy this.
76561198015202439,Recommended,234140,17923656,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,artemisknight,"So I'm about 35 hours into Mad Max and here are a few thoughts. I do really like this game, the story is good thus far. I figure I'm about 1/3rd of the way through. The Story Quests are good, the Wasteland missions are similarly of high quality. The atmosphere is SPOT on, they perfectly captured the desolation, the hopelessness, the struggle to survive amidst the corpse of the world that was. All of the main wastelanders you run into are distinct fleshed out characters, and while I worried that your companion would become annoying I can say I'm pleasantly surprised he hasn't; heck some 35 hrs on and I still love hearing him hoot and holler as I decimate an enemy vehicle leaving naught but scraps and a burning hulk. The world design is varied enough to be interesting, areas are visually distinct and the scenery is gorgeous; I cannot quite express my delight at being able to race through the wasteland from a dry seabed through canyons into volcanic desolation and then up into the ruins of a city. Its great. As one would hope from this franchise the car combat is phenomenal. Truly I can't explain how pleased I am with this aspect. Scavenging parts, makeshift weapons, gritty, grim, High Octane, Nitro Boosted, Furiously Fun. Best Part of the Game.All that being said it does have some downsides. It falls into the same patterns as a GTA or Assassins Creed. The combat is the psuedo-quick time event of the sort that Batman is. Fun to be sure but quirks with the camera can be quite frustrating when you miss a parry because the enemy was off screen when the prompt appears. The mini-missions around the world become repetitive and boring. Sure the first few times you take a balloon up into the sky to scout locations is fun, but after awhile it's merely tedious. Upgrading the various bases is similarly tedious. Furthermore there are three types of enemy outposts one has to deal with. The first is just straight up go in and eliminate the enemies (and perhaps a boss), The second is destroy an oil well. The third is destroy several oil transfer tanks. Each of these bases is unique, you scout the perimeter defenses, figure out how to breach them and then assault the base (for some you can even circumnavigate them and secretly infiltrate). Each one is it's own puzzle and I enjoy that. I've come to dread the transfer tanks though. Inevitably I find that I'll zip through the base find all the optional objectives but be 1 bloody tank shy of completing the base; then spend upwards of an hour combing over every inch, retracing my steps, and becoming frustrated because I don't know where to go, or how I missed one. In another game I'd just skip them, but here because they are so important for upgrading one feels compelled to complete them. And upgrade you must, you can zip through the story but it's easy to find yourself overwhelmed if you don't take the time to upgrade.So, final thoughts. If you enjoy GTA, Assassins Creed, the Batman Games, here's another superb one to add to the list. Just be aware that it has the same faults as those games. If that's not your thing, wait till it goes on sale and check it out for the car combat it's worth that alone. And if by some weird chance a game designer reads this, two things. First those find 6 of whatever type missions. Give me some sort of hint or on screen indicator. Nothing more frustrating than wasting an hour of time looking for the last one. Secondly you know all those mini missions you put in.... cut the number in half, tis far better to have fewer but varied ones, than to just be padding the game time with repetitive tasks.Post-Script; this would be the perfect vehicle for a Furiousa prologue. Come on DLC!"
,Recommended,234140,17924701,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,BLACK PEOPLLLE R ALSO FUNNI!,California Simulator 2015
76561198075626434,Recommended,234140,17927050,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,iHvThHighGround,I only came for the guzzoline.
76561197966564201,Recommended,234140,17991793,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Groovept,"Great game, similar to GTA but in a post apocaliptic world."
,Recommended,234140,17961450,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Happy Paddy,its batman but he didnt save the world in time
76561198005708745,Recommended,234140,17964838,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,╰ ℕoVuS ╮,"Didn't waste my $60, well done movie and game!! c:"
,Recommended,234140,17997019,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Snake,I live in Australia and this is 100% accurate.
,Recommended,234140,17979123,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki Crusader,Captured some of my real life in Australia
76561197995364531,Recommended,234140,19871111,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Noby,"Includes cute, fluffy, squishable DOG, what else you need to know?"
,Recommended,234140,19952366,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,frostiey,"This game is so intense, It caused my PC to blue-screen-10/10"
76561198015949028,Recommended,234140,19949491,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AИKON,"Do you like the movies, the sound of your enormous V8 smashing into grotesque and rusty machines, or maybe you like to beat up mentally unstable dudes ? If yes - welcome to the wastelands."
76561198007274339,Recommended,234140,17990340,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dobber,"Australia, the game."
,Recommended,234140,20103330,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,boombonik,"Simplistic yet fun and extremely well optimized. If you enjoyed Shadow of Mordor you will enjoy this game, it plays identically and feels very much the same which i enjoy. It runs extremely smooth and is so well optimized I'm amazed. Totally worth the 20$ during the winter sale."
,Recommended,234140,21098393,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Likethemammal,"This is game is awesome! Think Shadow of Mordor without the orcs and captain system, but with cars, the wasteland, and a few guns."
,Recommended,234140,21125858,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,CaptSkubba,"Repetitive as all hell, but the V8 Magnum Opus and smashing warboys in the face with spanner on your knuckles make it more than worth it. Absolutely teckle."
,Not Recommended,234140,21045865,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"It's a fun game, but not fun enough.After watching Fury Road I wanted to be climbing around on cars, seeing people impaled on my spikes, watch as I threw a grenade into a truck and it lit up.There was a lot of ramming instead. Which is alright. But just alright."
76561198006595067,Recommended,234140,21011829,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TexasTig1096,"At its base value, Mad Max should be another move spin off video game failure. It was cranked out in time for the movie so I knew there was no way a quality game was going to be produced. Wrong. Dead wrong. Mad Max is fun, addictive, gorgeous, and, best of all, incredibly stable. Mad Max captures the look, feel, sound, and essence of George Millers revitalized character and setting and puts it in a fitting and intuitive setting for game play. Think Grand Theft Auto stuck in the Fallout world, then slap on some chrome bumpers and pipes, shove a V8 in it with some nitrous oxide and drive it off a cliff. That's what Avalanche Studios created.I finished Mad Max a couple of weeks ago and kept playing win races, achievements, and to generally just drive around and beat the snot out of people. I love this game because it lets you do exactly that: whatever the heck you want. For a game based in desolate Australia after a nuclear holocaust, there is so much to see and do. One end of the desert shows evidence of a vanished ocean with coral monuments, chalky caverns and shipwrecks in the sand. The other end is a massive junk yard with actual pieces of junk in it instead of the standard flat junk textures slapped on a landscape. Dotted all along the way are small forts and towering fortresses built out of old boats, airplanes, junked cars, everything you can imagine, and packed with some of the most insane assailants you'll ever meet. Mad Max makes you WANT to keep going over the next dune to see what's out there. Chrome glistens, rust has an almost bloody hue against white sands, storms are epic and sublime to behold, and the desert herself is very much alive and deadly. Whether or not you follow the main story, you are propelled through the game fueled on curiosity, adventure, and a few drops of nitrous.There is a story in the game but, to be honest, the story is the biggest negative issue. You're on a quest to build up a car to cross the desert and disappear. No really... that's it. In a world where there are cars everywhere, you need YOUR car built and that's what's going to drag you from one end of the wasteland to the next. The main story is very short with an end battle that couldn't be more disappointing, but the surrounding shenanigans are so much fun I hardly noticed. There are side-quests upon side-quests and I think the only real issue is that they're not requisite of the main story. The game is much more difficult without all the upgrades the side-quests offer but they're not mandatory, and while the main story pulls you into a new part of the map, you end up going back to the previous section for those upgrades. It's true ""open world"" but it feels a little silly, almost like Max is wandering about aimlessly, just to make sure he's well equipped for what's ahead. This could have been remedied by tying the side missions in with the main story a little better but it hardly damages the overall game play.I do want to add one more gripe in the vein of the storytelling. The Mad Max: Fury Road movie was so highly praised for putting a lead female character along side of Max, taking charge, taking care of herself, and for being more than a stereotype in an action movie. The Mad Max game comes along and completely destroys it. There is a hot damsel in distress, in a cage, or collard and pulled around by a leash, and you have to save her. It just resonated with me that such a poignant theme George Miller worked to plant into his movie without making any overt political statements was so quickly lost in the game. It didn't ruin anything, I wasn't ""triggered"" by ""microaggressions"" or whatever bull, but it does further illustrate the complete lack of creativity in the main story.The game itself isn't very difficult, if you stay on top of the upgrades, but the action is so good I hardly got bored. Max truly only has two functions, driving and fighting. He's the Tony Stewart of the desert. Punches and kicks have a palpable impact and combo attacks are more than satisfying. I rarely used the shotgun or other devices and savored every chance to pummel an enemy. The driving is by far some of the most stable and fluid in any game I've played. Different cars of different sizes all handle in their own way. Change the engine in Max's car to bigger or smaller, swap wheels for traction, add shields which puts more weight on the chassis, and the the car handles with an entirely plausible difference.This game was produced in September of 2015. I ran for 69 hours of game play with the graphics cranked and it ran at 60fps without a blink. Watchdogs was made over a year earlier and I had to run at medium graphics to keep it around 40fps. Are you paying attention, Ubisoft? Particle effects, debris, shiny objects, fire, explosions, and insane Warboys that jump from moving vehicles onto your car, all at 60fps. There was one persistent sound bug that would pop up, causing the world to go silent, and every now and then the physics would take a loop and someone would launch into space for no reason, but those moments had no impact on the sheer joy of existing in the world of Mad Max.This is a beautiful game. The scripted action moments could have been a bit bigger but the rest of the game makes up for it. After finishing the story I could return to finish the races and explore further (which made no sense to the story itself but oh well) and to be honest I had trouble stopping. Mad Max is one of the rare games you simply can't get enough of and I hope there is a proper sequel in the works. What a game. What a lovely game."
76561198055109785,Recommended,234140,20125097,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nate,Great game just the intro gets you hyped
,Recommended,234140,17915747,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zombified Apple,I love this game.There are a few bugs. Like not being able to open a scrap chest. but nothing to make this game unplayable or make it any less fun. if your not fimiliar with mad max. This game is a good start. Gives you sorta a back story on how the waste land came to be and the begining of chaos.really good game. 9/10 would bang.
76561198029170272,Recommended,234140,17899233,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,VeNoM,"Having so much FUN!! with this game, a must buy."
76561198020344205,Recommended,234140,17901319,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JakeL,"If you are a fan of the films or not this is a fun game. With lots of customization and stuff to do outside the main storyline. It looks like there is a decent amount of hours of gameplay, as I have only explored about a quarter of the map and am eight hours in."
,Recommended,234140,17902643,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Chaostos,"I played this game to death for the last 2 days , so I don't have any energy to write the review. Its good. my GOTY.Epic game, reminds me of carmageddon and red faction abit, with some modern third person hand to hand. Realy big game world to explore, diverse enemies, creepy moments, cinematics etc. upgrade your ultimate combat vehicle and explore beautiful and deadly lands ,I love the gameplay in this, and the  more you unlock more fun you get . harpoon gun <3 good PC port, settings for every taste and PC power. Looks jawdroping, weather, dust, smoke, fire ,heat, rocks and engine roaaaaarrss !!   ahhhh...lovely.Carnage and Serenity."
,Recommended,234140,17918449,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,why? ¯\(°_o)/¯,this game is freaking awesome
76561198063856909,Recommended,234140,17920872,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,m_m121,I bought this game thinking it was about a madman named Max.I was wrong.It is a game about the usefulness of Gas Cans.I need to get my car running....................Gas CanI need to get in the base..........................Gas CanI need help defeating all these enamies....Gas CanReally great and creative game.....Its just to bad that I can only store 1 Gas Can at a time.
76561198023690059,Recommended,234140,17871588,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Vagasil Overdose,"I always worry about getting my moneys worth when I buy a $60 game.  I was not let down with this title.  33 hours in and plenty left to do.  With open world action games with travel elements developers always seem to focus on either the fighting or the travel element (cars, horses, etc...) and the other is kinda wonky.  This title it seems both the action and travel are well developed and extreamly fun.  The story so far is great and fitting for the mad max universe.How awsome would it be to have the Mel Gibson Thunderdome skin for the playable character(the character in this game is older for the story so the previous titles wouldn't work), I know they are trying to sell the Fury Road character but that would be nerd bone'r fuel in my book. -my 2¢"
76561198043376902,Recommended,234140,17865021,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SoDoG,this game jus incredible!!!
,Recommended,234140,17894385,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Eenie,Game is heaps good moite.
,Recommended,234140,17896718,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Alucks,Hair & beard upgrades.
76561198020932682,Recommended,234140,17897871,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mr.Fox,best game ever <3
,Recommended,234140,17886991,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Tettric,"10/10 Game. It's that one game you think ""Yep. Another Movie-Based Game... Gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥"" But then you see the Reviews and you're like ""Guess I gotta Buy this Game!"" Then. You play a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of it, it gets kinda repetitive but you shrug it off and have a Great time.I love this game, only downside is how repetitive it is, Chumbucket is the sexiest ♥♥♥♥er I've ever seen"
76561198081520474,Recommended,234140,17847568,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pmajola,Just MAD and MAX
,Recommended,234140,17821667,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Azrael,What a lovely day! :)
,Recommended,234140,17834523,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Waffen,"I PLAY, I CRASH, I PLAY AGAIN!"
,Recommended,234140,23683889,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,fullyincorruptible,"This game is just what the doctor ordered.  If you're a Road Warrior fan you'll love it, if you're a Grand Theft Auto fan you'll love it.  First game in a long time where I feel like I'm actually getting sucked in and enveloped by the environment."
76561198121397676,Recommended,234140,28268223,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,shajjath666,"why is there no Neutral option in steam? I kinda like this game but it gets boring with repetitive gameplay. Side quests are bad. But hey! if this game is on sales, give it a try."
,Recommended,234140,28284786,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MeatKat,"I'll make this easy for you...Did you like Batman but wish it could have taken place in a desert?Would you prefer it if Alfred had been a grotesque hunchback?Did you think Arkham Knight needed more Batmobile challenges?If the answer to any of these questions is ""yes,"" then this is the game for you!If not, it's meh."
76561197987633465,Recommended,234140,18066940,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TheDodgyUkrainian,Well as a Mad Max fan this was a must buy for me.I couldnt rip myself away from the screen as i got deeper into the story.Some of the missions were alittle repetitive but the vehicle and ground combat was great!I can quite easily recommend this game for everyone.
,Recommended,234140,18029394,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,The Sun Bro,"This is a Neutral Review. I don’t fully endorse the game, but I don’t feel it deserves a negative feedback.Mad Max is visually stunning. Such a beautiful game, with a beautiful scenario and a very rich world. But hey, forget everything and let’s make a grindy reskinned shadow of mordor game!At the first glance, you will give this game a 10/10. But for me, a player that really loves lore and RPG elements, I can’t give more than a 5/10. I will give a positive vote because the game is really beautiful… but the simplistic grindy gameplay and the lack of deepness on the lore and the world killed it. I feel that this game would be a 10/10 if it had the same deepness of lore and focus on gameplay as other recently AAA had.Pros:Visually Beautiful GameVery well optimized for pcCaptures pretty well the essence of MaxCons:Simplistic Fetch QuestsLack of Lore ContentGameplay IssuesShort Main HistoryGrindy and RepetitiveReskinned Batman/Shadow of Mordor"
76561198193401850,Recommended,234140,28787947,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tigyi.janos,"Good game. (small glitches, but it's good...)"
,Recommended,234140,17914422,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,I Am The Liquor,Best movie to video game ever. Witness it in it's full glory by playing it! WITNESS.
76561198015446423,Recommended,234140,17917139,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,d_r,great game
,Recommended,234140,19983921,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sardonic,"This game taught me something about myself:  Turns out I really, really like scavanger hunts.  In a way, that's a big part of what this game is.This game is probably exactly what you think it is.  I like it, and if you like the setting, there's a good chance you will too."
76561198033302991,Recommended,234140,17914587,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jis,Awesome Game! Loved every minute of it!Could do with some music tho.It really feels like a mad max movie.A LOT of Side content which i loved.
76561198069605646,Recommended,234140,17950828,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ninja Turtle Pyjama Pants,"This is a quality game. It is fun ,challenging, well-written, beautiful, intense, exciting, exploritive and most importantly Austrailian."
,Recommended,234140,17961958,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,CasuallyChallenged,"This game is not ""original"" from a mechanical standpoint, but from a setting it is one of the most original ""wasteland"" concepts I have ever played and captures the feel of the Mad Max universe as shown in The Road Warrior, Beyond Thunderdome, and Fury Road in the most complete way a game could.This game is not based on any of the movies, but is an original story using the concepts, characters, and settings from the Mad Max universe of films. It has been helped in ""authenticity"" by George Miller wirking with the developers and if you are seeking a game to play after watching any of the Mad Max movies this is the one.If you enjoy Just Cause 2, car combat, wasteland settings, brutal fighting, and an interesting world full of over the top characters, then you should play this game.As of writing this review, the game does have many minor bugs, but most of them are minor visual things and not game breaking as well as a couple minor audio bugs. They are annoying (as all bugs in a game are) but I have only had the game crash on me twice and I think that has more to do with my old PC than anything else.Graphically this game is beautiful. I play on ""high"" settings (it also has very high, ultra, and max... heh) and it looks like a modern game should look. You might think a game that is nothing but desert would be boring to look at but they have done a great job making each area unique, yet still giving it all a desert wasteland feel.The sound is great with the engines being the most important thing. Each engine upgrade changes the tone of your car and each car that is not your own sounds different as well. The punches have that classic Indiana Jones ""crunch"" to them to give a satisfying viseral feel to the combat as you fist fight your way through your foes. The music is atmospheric and haunting when things are peaceful and dynamically switches to a pumped up rock theme when combat begins.The driving is actually quite good, BUT each car handles very differently and your own Magnum Opus needs... NEEDS to be upgraded in order to handle well.My only complaint is the mid game is so difficult due to the events as they occur that the entire difficulty of the game feels off. It reaches a cliff, shoves you off, then you relax for the last half of the game. Not balanced, and more than a little frustrating, (especially considering how long the middle sequence of the story is) but overall the game is still fun and worth a little time investment.Play it. You won't regret it."
76561197970616511,Recommended,234140,25708919,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"An action packed game that gives vibes of AC Black Flag and BurnOut Paradise. The story is strait forward, but what makes this game great is the driving stuff. Which is done well, both 3rd and 1st person. Here is an example of a rather random encounter. The high octane moments in this game, truly are high octane!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJwfR-j2DLI(Best viewed in 1080p 60fps. This video does NOT contain spoilers)"
76561197972518312,Recommended,234140,29656419,Posted: 2 February,all,Sergius,"Fun game, it's fairly similar to AC4 with cars rather than pirate ships."
,Recommended,234140,28607976,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Darthwolfus,"Great mindless fun, with shiny things, fast cars, huge explosions, and thoroughly forgettable characters.I'm a huge fan of the Arkham - style combat system though, and I have to say the game was a LOT of fun to play.I ended up putting off a lot of main missions just so I could finish all the side objectives. Still haven't finished the game yet, but I'll get there eventually."
,Recommended,234140,28900903,Posted: 1 January,all,Lo Scythe,Probably an open world game that I will never use fast travel on.
,Recommended,234140,25656949,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Moyashi,"Great game if you're looking to be drowned in open-world activities. Definetely worth a purchase if you get it on sale, but it's worth it without a sale too.One of the only few bad things about it though, is the very anticlimatic ending, of which I won't spoil."
,Recommended,234140,25680152,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Hero For Fun,"Everything about this game suggests that its review should be in the style of a Spaghetti western, calling back to the original man squinting in the sun.The GoodWhat the good means should really go without explanation.This game really does have a lot to offer (for about 30 hours). First, it fits rather neatly into the Mad Max universe, besides the main baddy not really conforming to the timelines offered by the comics which accompanied Fury Road. The game is a prequel for Fury Road and honestly significant portions of the movie make a little more sense after playing the game. The story is overall fairly good, representing Max as he should be. The voice acting is far better than passable, and the game has a very cinematic feel.Second, the environment is stellar. I never thought dystopian Australia could be so fun. The distances feel vast without particularly disrupting the pace of the game play. The resources feel simultaneously plentiful and sparse. every time you take having something for granted, its gone when you really need it. If you are goal and completionist oriented, this game can start to feel bare toward the end, and if you neglect sidemissions and blowing camps, it can feel chaotic all the way through but, in the end, you get the environment your playstyle provides, and that actually feels pretty fantastic.I also really enjoyed the car, from combat to customization. I like that not only are there a variety of upgrades, but many of them come with tradeoffs, so you really need to modify your car to accomodate your current objective. Your weight(an invisible stat that has visible effects on your acceleration and handling) effects all kinds of things including how easy it is to pull down stuff. The world feels amazingly responsive to every detail of the car, and as a result the car is amazing fun to drive. Meanwhile the combat feels edgy and dangerous, with constant decision making about whether you can afford to just blow that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up with a thunderpoon or do you need to save it? The necessity of being scrupulous with resources is what keeps the combat interesting.With all of that said, this games greatest assets is somewhat ineffiable. Its just fun. No matter what I say after this point, the game is fun. I feel like Jeremy Clarkson (of Top Gear, producer punching fame) when I say this, but no matter the problems, the game is damn fun. You won't even notice the problems for the first 10 hours. You will be too busy harpooning anything thats not nailed down, yanking off car wheels and performing an amazing back suplex on baddies to notice. Amazing. Fantastic. Fun. For no discernable reason.The BadThis really goes without explanation as well. There are parts of this game that, once you hit 15 hours deep, start to feel incomplete, unpolished, or just halfassed.First and most glaring issue is the mini bosses. There are a variety of minibosses in this game, except there arent. There is one mini boss you fight 5 times with slightly different colors applied to his texture. His move set is the same, his strategy is the same. and if done properly, you can kill each and every one of them without getting touched. It kind of feels like this character was supposed to be an infrequent normal enemy, but they ran out of time to design the bosses so they just doubled his health bar and called it a day.Second, the ""ground combat"". I wouldn't really call it bad per se, but its not good and anything but ugly. The combat feels tight and visceral, but suffers from the the worst parts of Assassin's creed's early issues, with the engine not quite knowing how to deal with multiple attackers. Enemy attacks are also somewhat one dimensional, with insufficient variety to keep you engaged for more than one playthrough. Max's abilities continue to develop, but enemies hit a stopping point pretty early and remain vanilla from there. So of course the solution is to throw more of them at you. Which the engine doesn't handle well. Which means you end up in no win situations where you counter a move only to be punched in the back of the head.The UglyIts really hard to say anything about this visually stunning game is ugly, so my best use of this section is not talking about the visuals, but instead things about the game that end up just being disappointing without necessarily being bad.The biggest thing here is the way Max interacts with the environment. While the environment itself is pretty stunning, it screams for a more open world feel akin to assassin's creed. So many waist high ledges and no way to climb them. It feels like you are invited to walk around within an amazing picture, but only allowed to touch the stuff colored yellow.Another quibble is the necessity of completionist methods in order to get all the gear. Not everyone has that playstyle, and even though I do, it felt repetitive and grindy by the time I got to the third area of the game. All in all, not that big a downside because of the fun the game maintains, but downright vexing toward the end.The standoffAll in all, this game is engaging and visually moving, but it lacks a depth I have come to expect from games of the genre. Despite that weakness, its an amazing amount of fun. I wouldn't buy it at full price, but at $10 or less, its less than a DVD and significantly more bang for the buck. Buy it next time its on sale.8.5/10"
,Recommended,234140,29386867,Posted: 20 January,all,Dio,"Great game. Really captures the spirit of the Mad Max franchise and builds well on the latest movie. You don't need to have seen them all to get into it, but it does make it more enjoyable if you're a fan. There's a lot to do and can be repetitive at times, but there's enough variety to make it continously fun. I wish there were more car chase type events though. Building up your car seems a bit pointless if you don't get to use it but every so often. The combat could have added a bit more variety, but never really gets too stale since it's broken up into small segments often. I'd probably buy a sequel if they were inclined to make one."
76561198067340349,Recommended,234140,26895242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mephitis,Fun game with a prety good story. The ending was a bit lacking in my opinion. The idea of car combat was fresh and not badly executed but towards the end was tedious with the enemy cars having two layers of armor to go through.There is a lot of side content as well but it has no depth and is for the most part repetetive. Levels are useless after you unlock all the upgrades whis can be achieved very fast and the hundreds of levels afterwards have no use.Overall not sure if the game is worth the full price but if you can pick it up on sale I'd say go for it.Rating: 7/10.
76561198028116130,Recommended,234140,25873115,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ToastyRoasty,"if you are interested in mad max's story and universe, id say this is a pretty good purchase. but aside from that, it aint anything to write home about.I heard this is a port of a console game, well for a port, it sure runs a very crispy 60fps. so technical stuff which includes bugs , glitches and whatnot are almost non-existant unless you look reaaal hard. havent had any single problems from the first hour of playing it.soundtrack is meh, not really memorable. but the voice acting are all well-acted and makes me feel like watching another mad max movie.story-wise, its not much to think about either since basically its about max trying to get some place called plane of silence or something and he needs to find car parts plus kill a few people to get there. i havent run into any interesting plotlines or twists so far in the game and im pretty far from finished so i could be wrong here.as for gameplay, its kind of bland for an open- world game. i mean yes theres a ""ton"" of stuff to do and find but most of it just feels like a chore. like the scavenging areas contain scraps , which you will need for upgrading your things except they only come in like 10-20 scraps at most where you will need a few hundred to thousands to upgrade your car and skills.it kinda becomes redundant to scavenge for scraps so its way better to just steal a scrapulance and bring it back since it nets you tons of scraps. these scavenging areas also sometimes have history relics and parts to upgrade your respective stronghold in that area. the parts are fine to look for since you actually benefit from it, but the history relics BARELY tell any history of the universe and mostly just random notes lying around by people early post-fallout with some old pictures on it that sometimes remind max the world of old. aside, from that theres really no reason to look for these history relics.combat in the game is okay but it will get boring at some point. thankfully its responsive and has impact enough to make you tolerate it. think of it like batman/ shadow of mordor but much less fun than those 2.i wish they bothered to put at least new combos or special moves initated by a few button combination instead of your X button will now hit harder and maybe you can do some finishers while the enemy is pinned/stunned/grounded. its such a shame they decided to do a 1 button combat because this couldve been much more fun to play if they just developed the combat more. its not crappy by all means, just feels like a wasted opportunity.but thats not saying they didnt do some of the gameplay nicely. The car combat for one, id say is quite fun even if theres too much auto-lock from the game at times. you can hook enemies, shoot spear-bombs, grind their tires, pull out armor ,etc. im personally not very good in racing or driving games like this, but i had a blast with the car combat, perhaps this is where all the attention is going, since mad max features tons of driving.the side activites are pretty okay and standard for open-world games like this but you wouldnt miss anything if you dont do them entirely aside from a few tokens for griff to upgrade some arbitrary things like, how much water you can extract or how much extra scrap you can get from looting (this one is really useless as it only gives like 5 extra scrap and im at the 5th level.) griff tokens are quite easy to obtain and meeting him everytime gives a little insight on why max is like this and whats his real goal is which is pretty interesting to see despite the guy keeps changing locations making you drive and walk up to him everytime you want to upgrade your stats.Overall gameplay is okay i suppose, playable and takes a while before it gets too boring to play. and if you are one of those OCD gamers that have to collect everything, this might be the game for you too. although i wouldnt buy it at full price since its rather mediocre for a full priced game, get it on sale i say.i recommend playing with a controller since although kbm is playable i personally cant get good with the driving, i still drive like the brake is stuck even with a controller."
,Recommended,234140,25822793,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Manbat,good
76561198035861990,Recommended,234140,24220275,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CrazY-JoE,"awesome game! much fun, hudge explosions and story is top!9/10"
76561198023021495,Recommended,234140,29171515,Posted: 10 January,all,mozdol,"Got this game on a recent sale and I have to say I'm absolutely surprised at how much I've enjoyed it.To be fair, I've only clocked in 20 or so hours, but so far it's kept me engaged and coming back for more. I think the best way I can describe it is that it's a good balance (for me) of rpg and action. While it's tempting to compare this game to the Fallout series or other similar games set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, Mad Max is still an action game at heart. There isn't a lot here to connect you to the world or make you care about the very few named characters, although that does fit in to some extent with the world of the films. The concentration seems to be on the action, both on foot and on wheels, with elements of story and light rpg sprinkled in. But this is not a bad thing here.Overall this would definitely be a recommended buy from me."
,Recommended,234140,29273136,Posted: 15 January,all,The Daedalian,"StoryLeft for dead after a lethal encounter with a group of warboys and their ruler Scabrous Scrotus, Max Rockatanksy must scavenge the Wasteland in search of tools and parts that place him one step closer on his path for revenge. Roar through a post apocalyptic world with an arsenal of weapons and vehicles, diminish threats in regions to gain trust with the wastelands neutral forces. Wonderful game that sticks true to the Mad Max tone despite being it's own story.GameplayExceeds expectations. Vehicular gameplay is where Mad Max shines brightest (who would have thought?), driving feels natural and handling reacts accordingly to each surface. Relentless enemies and open world exploration make each engagement unique to a degree and present different options for each encounter. On-foot controls are nothing to gossip over and the hand-to-hand fighting, while engaging, is casually easy. Game physics are surprisingly enjoyable and explosions/destruction are not only detailed, but impressive.Enjoyable character, stronghold, and vehicle customization, RPG elements in terms of skills and abilities. However, while Scrap is an abundant item used for most upgrades, the pursuit of unlocking end-game/post-game items comes at the cost of some serious time devoted to 100%'ing each area.SoundFantastic. A noticeable amount of time was put into making each object feel alive visually and aurally. Character dialogue stays true to the bizarre world of the Mad Max series and the voice acting is on par with the game's overall quality. Engines sound powerful, object destruction comes off as believable. From the scratching of metal to whipping winds, everything comes together masterfully to provide a full experience once paired with the beautiful graphics.GraphicsUndeniably stunning. The idea that it's a game based off a movie probably paints a mediocre picture in your head but I assure you that this is the nothing like it. Detailed environments, objects, characters and vehicles. Polished visual effects and animations. To top it all off it runs great and consistently, not since MGSV have I played a game so well optimized. Mad Max takes it even once step further by featuring a customizable free-moving screenshot tool.Replay ValueMad Max offers a great deal of repay value as you are free to roam and scavenge any missing collectibles or parts after story completion. The size of the wasteland is quite large and while bases and camps can feel likes clones of one another there are certainly unique atmospheres and environments tucked away in each region. Vehicle/base customization and the longing for bigger, better, faster parts/equipment help bring you back into the action even after the story has run it's course.Wrapping UpWith all that being said, my only gripe with the game is that after a decent amount of time has been spent unlocking regions and building up your arsenal, the chore of collecting materials grows heavier. Throw in a hidden blade and some hay bales and you'd swear you were playing Assassins Creed XVI: Wastelands, meaning that scavenging for scrap and collectibles over saturates the thrill of roaming in a dangerous world. With that in mind, it is still a fantastic game that I would recommend to fans of the Mad Max series or not. If gritty vehicular combat is your fancy or you're simply looking for a quality open world game, Mad Max has something to offer in a multitude of avenues."
76561198155022963,Recommended,234140,29226412,Posted: 13 January,all,FeoFun,I always was fan of Mad Max. And i can clearly say: BUY IT!!
76561198031855834,Recommended,234140,29206095,Posted: 12 January,all,S+P Infinity,Mad Max is AWESOME! Avalanche really is a great developer. I'm running this on a 1090t 6-core from 6 years ago and an RX480 and get upto 144fps on high and the game looks awesome. I've beaten the story and there's still tons to do. I paid like $7 but it's worth wayyyy more. I love it!!
76561198161354103,Recommended,234140,28732862,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Caster of nightless castle,The ♥♥♥♥10/10
76561197973402038,Recommended,234140,25744863,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,bara,this is madness!madness?this is mad max!
,Recommended,234140,26736837,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,cvproтoтype,"Dark, brutal, depressing and unforgiving.The way the game depicts the ugliness of the post apocalyptic world is beautiful. From eating maggots off the rotting corpses of crazy men to scraping the last drops of water from a water collector, the sense of survival is very real.The game does a good job of depicting just how mad Max really is. While mostly Max behaves perfectly normally (not really), you are sometimes left wondering whether the things going on or real or a figment of Max's imagination. But with all the lunatics running around, you will find our protagonist to be one of the sanest people alive. THAT is the irony of ""Mad"" Max.Despite being somewhat repetitive, the gameplay can be really good. The combat system is reminiscent of the Batman games and is quite satisfying once you get used to it. Driving around in an upgraded Magnum Opus and blowing other vehicles up is a lot of fun. There is also a lot of sadistic pleasure to be derived out of this game:- Use the harpoon on your Magnum Opus to impale someone. Drag their body around for as long as you want.- Find someone crawling through the desert begging for water. Help them out with a well placed kick. Or use your shotgun. Be creative. Then casually walk away while taking a sip from your canteen.- Impale someone with an explosive stick and kick them into their friends so that everyone blows up. Flesh, blood and body parts everywhere. Sweet.And don't underestimate the game's story.The ending broke me."
,Recommended,234140,30063457,Posted: 20 February,all,Carnehan-Dravot,"I don't think many people like the 'Mad Max' films for their plot. They tend to like them because of the apocalyptic theme, the brutal aesthetics, quirky characters and high-speed chases. You should be pleased to hear that the 'Mad Max' game has all those qualities in abundance. Whilst the theme of 'Mad Max' may closely resemble the slightly older apocalyptic game 'RAGE', I found it to resemble some of the 'Red Faction' games more closely than anything else. Like 'Red Faction: Guerrilla', it has a fairly interactive (i.e. destroyable!) environment, there's a huge quantity of activities scattered across the map, and the story is typically advanced by returning to a quest-giver and completing an action-packed recon/destroy/retrieve mission. Completionists or perfectionists may complain of a certain amount of monotony after a while, but I never found it dull. I'd recommend it to anyone who particularly enjoys games about the apocalypse, games involving lots of driving, and games which allows lots of destruction."
,Recommended,234140,24409669,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Alcat101,"MAD MAX is a satisfying vehicular combat wtih emphasis on exploration around its world map.That's basically the tl;dr of this game review.A hidden gem by Avalanche Studios, is a game trying to capture the beauty and grittiness of Mad Max cinema of vehicle mayhem combat. And for me personal, it succesfully reach the target it sets.What Mad Max excel though, it fall short on other factor.Story/Narrative is barren at best, providing only the means to move the game progression forward. It is not all barren though, the narrative style and voice acting is perfectly in Mad Max verse.Do note that this game story doesn't have any connection to any Mad Max movie, especially the recent Mad Max Fury Road where this game came along. It's basically a spin-off of Mad Max tale. And a good choice for Avalanche, since making a video game story that relate to another media type usually result in unsatisfying end.So if the story is graded purely from video game perspecitve, it certainly can hold on it's own and a decent one to keep player seated, waiting the conflict to unfold.Quest/Mission design is basically a repetition of going to this area, talk to NPC and do something. It's a bit of letdown considering its strong point of the world design which we'll talk later.You can easily clocked in 50 hour above if it's for the vehicular combat and exploring every nook and cranny, sadly, after you basically 'clean' of the map from any quest/mission/enemy hotspot, I don't think the game will give a means to replay or play with more harder or bigger scenario combat.But Mad Max game strife through this pointWorld Design is beautifully barren with red sand palette tinge. Each wastelander habitat gives a story even though it's only a home, bunker, shelter, an inanimate object here surprisingly tells the story far better. Every place that's not a dead desert is scavenging or interest point, which intrigue player to check it out.Combat stands out, although it's the vehicle one.On foot combat works like Batman Arkham game, although the motion capture of body wresting combat movement makes the fight fluid, it's basically keep hitting and blocking when enemy attacks. There are other way to kills enemy on foot through other weaponry or weaponized fuel can, but hitting the 1-2 punch is the best and quickest way.Vehicular Combat is the satisfying one. You customize your 'Archangel' combat car through various means of armor, engine, suspension, tires type with all its up and down to compensate. Weaponry ranges from sniper, jag-tip or explosive tip harpoon, flamethrower and sharp damaging rim.The car element upgrade system could be better to offer more complexity, but Mad Max is doing fine with current system. The way the vehicular combat plays out is really adrenaline-and-nitro fueled, whether accelerating to max speed or tailing the enemy behind to get a better aim, Mad Max have done it right.Those of you who cant cash out the full price for this, is striking a good deal with discount. 50% cut for me is more than good enough.Those of you who buy it full price and know what to expect from this game will find that Mad Max deliver on how it's feel to become Max, on the driver seat, ramming, firing a shotgun pellet, harpooning and making other vehicle kablooey!"
,Recommended,234140,27296639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hotblack Desiato,I almost shed a tear when it was time to uninstall this game. It's just sooooo good.It also follows the theme of the original Mad Max movies -Max starts with a psychologically broken state of mind. Proceeds to help people and regains some of his sanity. Something terrible happens. Everybody he cares about betrays him / dies. He kills the enemy boss and leaves with this mind more broken than when he started.
76561197993244283,Recommended,234140,20012327,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Apocalyps,"PROS:Huge, open worldTons of stuff to doGreat graphics that work on less than cutting edge PCsPays homage to the source materialTons of atmosphereAAA game for Indie priceSooo many unlockablesStorms.... wowCONS:Driving with the keyboard is a little touchyDLC is a bit priceyRaces can be unnecessarily tough (snipers can and will shoot out your tires)"
76561198062525469,Recommended,234140,19994436,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jtrounce,"Quasimodo gets a summer job in Australia as a car mechanic for a lunatic who goes around terrorising the locals by blowing up their cars, shooting them and beating them up.10/10"
76561198021029488,Recommended,234140,19337805,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Minimalis,Good game
,Recommended,234140,20117571,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,doplestorm #2017,"Good graphics, fun gameplay, story, the Open-World, all of that made this to be the best movie license game we have by now ! 10/10"
,Recommended,234140,20308285,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,"I'm hesitant to give this a full recommendation. It is very repetitive, the car combat is wonky at times, but overall I had fun. The obvious emphasis on car combat and racing is somewhat inhibited by the fact that car combat isn't perfect and the cars in this game are very heavy so racing can be cumbersome. Probably the greatest console port ever, and easily the best movie game. Buy on sale"
76561198119798549,Recommended,234140,21200496,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,roadeye,This is my valentine <3
76561198039914320,Recommended,234140,17846795,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Starglade,"Mindless fun and brutality. If you enjoyed Shadow of Morder, definitely get this."
,Recommended,234140,17877575,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DreddNaut,"So I saw Fury Road, loved every bit of it and watched it again like a fanatic the last months.Fallout 4 got announced and my hypenerve pretty much blew up so much that I pre-ordered this out of love for Fury Road and Fallout hype combined in an unholy union of impulse and bliss.Friends repeatedly told me it was a bad idea, ""But... WB games had something to do with it, it will be just like Batman!"" ""Watch this game suck."" ""Games related to/made after movies always suck big time.""THEY WERE WRONG.Playing on a 144hz monitor, lowest possible fps I got on ""max""... settings was about 72. This game made me happy, and only stopped making me even more happy when I found out I had allready finished the story.... I want more :<- You can't befriend Warcriers and make an on-wheels broadway show.- Somewhat Assassin's Creed'ish repetetive when it comes to side objectives.+ Correct athmosphere in everything from Max, the cars and the landscape. Some of you will complain that the landscape is too empty, nothing but sand and decolation. ♥♥♥♥ YOU.+ VERY well optimized.+ Graphically eyegasmic, and the sound will make slow down now and then just to rev that V8...mmmm+ Combat is responsive, simple and wildly aggressive and makes you feel like verbaly assaulting that f@ck*ng sh%theel who just punched you in the back..... and break their neck.PRAISE BE! THE ANGEL OF COMBUSTION!"
,Recommended,234140,17921484,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Illogical,like the movie but max is in it
76561198140460130,Recommended,234140,20208884,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bad buck main,CAPTURE MODE FTW 10/10 !!!
,Recommended,234140,20609493,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Big Mac,I was mobbed by half-naked men covered in rainbow paint.half-naked men/10
76561198028172060,Recommended,234140,20616980,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Storm,Max made my girlfriend angryMax made my boss angryMax made my mother-in-law angry10/10
76561198007784750,Recommended,234140,18103586,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,(OTG)tonyhsloanejr(Gae'len Fade,"I have over 50 hrs ingame so far and here is the short reality. If you are a compleationist and want to have a maxed out car, character, settlements and all threat reduced then you will be doing some stuff repetitively. But if all you want to do is the story then you will not. I like building up everything including my settlements so yeah sometimes i wish i didnt have to go on yet another mine clear or war boy camp but i still go and thats the sign of a great game. I think if they found a way to add more varied side missions to get scrap, legend rank and reduce threat then I think they could have another fallout (and yes i know thats saying something). As it is I would say its still a good game and enjoyable. I guess the best thing I could say though is I felt it was worth the price and would buy a sequel."
