user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234390,7451240,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,QuickRime,Normally when you play this sort of game you find yourself saving your good weapons and ammo for some hypothetical time of need that never seems to arrive.In Teleglitch you will find that time. You will run out of ammo. And then you will die.Usually around level 3.This game is amazing.
,Recommended,234390,12456138,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,wirroj,"I like everything about this game except the difficulty. I'm only a very casual gamer so I'd probably get on better with the die-less edition, but everything else about it appeals to me, just a shame I'm no good at it."
,Recommended,234390,7816303,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,d.Tox508,"First off, the only way to describe what was running through my head when I first started playing Teleglitch was “WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!!?” Saying that, this indie roguelike from developer Test3 Projects rabidly eats your half alive corpse and then spits it out leaving you wanting more. Strangely addicting, you find yourself drawn to Planet Medusa 1C left in awe by the pixellated madness that is Teleglitch. So strap up and make every shot count, and I’ll tell you why this is one of my top 5 picks of the year.Teleglitch is one of those games where watching “Lets Play” with some youtube♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag in his mothers basement isn’t going to suffice. Best played with a keyboard and mouse,  this top down shooter is reminiscent of GTA but put together with the savage intellect of a guerrilla militia planning its next terrorist move. To be honest, I was standoffish when it came to this game at first, it didn’t catch my eye, and I wasn’t really sure what it was all about. During a sale on Steam I was able to purchase Teleglitch for a good price and give it a chance, and I’m glad I did. After getting the hang of this game I felt like Rick Grimes or Daryl Dixon on a rampage blowing off zombie’s heads and throwing pipe bombs at anything in that got in my path.In a cold, dark future dominated by mega-corporations, a place 30 light years away from Earth, Planet Medusa 1C is on the edge of habitable space and the site of a shadowy research facility specializing in necrotic tissue reactivation. You are a scientist who has suddenly awoken to the realization that you are the lone survivor. The rest of the facilities personnel have all been killed, micro-chipped and reactivated as combatants by the facilities central processing AI. An in-depth storyline keeps you constantly informed of your surroundings and almost adds a sense of excitement through your adventure. The story of Teleglitch continues throughout each level and grows deeper and more involved as you progress on your quest.This game is hard and involves a lot of tactical thinking on the fly. An advanced crafting system helps you build explosives among other various weaponry based on the materials you collect throughout each level. You are also able to craft other tactical items like the Detector which helps you locate enemies on the map in close quarters where you would otherwise be ambushed.  Combining health kits or different materials can result in health upgrades or even steroids. These crafted items are a key element of Teleglitch making later gameplay almost impossible without them. The map is another vital piece of gameplay and by using it as a constant reference I found that it not only allowed me to keep my bearings but also helped keep track of any missed rooms I may have passed on the way. You will also encounter databases that hold crucial information regarding your mission, or maybe some tactical advice regarding secret locations which also make up a large part of the game.The “Die More Edition” of this game alters gameplay slightly making each of the enemy creatures slightly more powerful to increase difficulty, as well as offering more weapons and items to craft with. Weaponry is a large part of the game, but in a small way. On Medusa 1C there is a lack of ammunition so every bullet counts and depending on what you are wielding you may not put down what is attacking you in one shot.  Without the “Guns & Tunes” DLC you start off with the standard 9mm pistol, then with continued play you are able to find more ammo and other weapons or explosives. Something that sets Teleglitch aside from other roguelikes of its kind is the unique crafting system I had mentioned earlier, and with this you are also able to build upgrades to your guns, which gives them more power or a special ability.Some might think the pixel graphics in Teleglitch belong in 1981 but I look at them and see a visual masterpiece. Nostalgic, with flawless gameplay that keeps you on the edge of your seat Teleglitch is an amazing example of a simple pixel game that took it to the next level. Seemingly so basic, Teleglitch is a breath of fresh air to the retro movement and another essential in the library of any indie game. Like many roguelikes the map and environment change with every new game. Thousands of zombies and mutants deliver hours of gameplay making this game another instant classic and comes highly suggested to any gamer."
76561198064383423,Recommended,234390,12599911,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,girth king,"Literally perfectFor one, this game has almost all the great elements of a roguelike. All the levels are semi-generated (same rooms, but in different order), there's lots of items, and decision making heavily impacts your gameplay. Are you going to keep your pistol or turn it into a nailgun? how about a cannon? every item you get can be used for multiple things, and making these decisions.The magnet for example, with this you can either build an armor piercing railgun or a bullet reflecting magshield. Different approaches and strategies call for different items, and finding that sweet spot between choices is very enjoyable.Like most roguelikes, some elements are random each time you play. This is different in Teleglitch. The starting level is almost always the same, due to the fact that the same items and amount of enemies are always found. This changes in later levels though, where more choices and customization are given. 2 level choices are given after the 1st area, each holding differently placed items and enemies. After this, level choice can impact major aspects. The playthroughs might start out similar, but no 2 games will ever end the same.Teleglitch is a fun, time-consuming, tough as nails roguelike that's worth at least some time. I don't recommend it to anyone who can't take a hard challenge. Only 0.7% of players actually beat the game, and the 2 or 3 difficulty curves can really push away some players. Imagine Dark Souls with it's training wheels taken off"
,Recommended,234390,7501887,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Audish,"I'm a huge fan of classic DOOM and Quake, the latter particularly because of its unique atmosphere of eldritch horror. Not many games capture it quite as well, but Teleglitch gives it a terrifying run for its money. Between the gritty brown surfaces, the spilled gore, and the silent uncertainty of what lurks around every corner, this title takes that otherworldly horror and mixes it with hectic action and classic roguelike tension. Creepy, intense, and challenging, this is a worthy entry in both the roguelike and survival horror genres.Posed like a top-down version of those classic shooters already mentioned, Teleglitch sends you through branching, randomized levels in search of escape. The science colony you're stationed on has gone completely to hell thanks to some questionable teleporter experiments (sound familiar?), leaving you as the only level-headed person alive among killer cyborgs, ravenous zombies, and worse. Along the way you'll find and assemble an arsenal of space-age weaponry as you learn more about the fate of the colony and the bizarre anomaly consuming it.No matter how seasoned a space marine you might be, Teleglitch will have you forever dreading what's around the next corner. The top-down perspective is based on lines of sight, so anything not directly in view of you is blotted out by thick, sharp shadows. You start with naught but a pistol and knife, but over the course of the game you collect weapons, ammo, and other junk that can be combined into a huge assortment of gear to help you survive. The crafting system is robust, easy to navigate, and has a number of meaningful choices and secrets to work out. It's a refreshing addition to the game, as opposed to a lot of modern crafting systems unceremoniously bolted onto their games.You'll need every tool at your disposal too, because nothing in Teleglitch holds back. You'll be facing waves of mutants, zombies, cyborgs, robots, and far more exotic things at every turn. While the first few levels pit you mostly against melee enemies, you'll soon start running afoul of gun-wielding foes that can drop you almost as fast as you can drop them. The limited sight lines become a real terror as you creep down the derelict corridors, tensed for the next shootout. It's one of those games that really, really makes you work to beat it, and it's intensely satisfying when you finally pull it off.This is one of those rare pixel art games that's ugly as sin, but once you start counting bullets in your clip and learning how to construct quad-barreled nailguns, you won't even notice. The minimal graphic design does do it some favors, leaving effective elements of horror to your imagination. The sound design is incredibly on point, with ominous cues and snaps of static in just the right places. And if you like the combat, they even added a series of arenas to blast your way through. There's a lot of secrets to discover, a lot of monsters to fear, and a lot of ways to mow them down. All told, these features combine to form one of my all-time favorites on Steam, spanning the roguelike and horror genres.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Not Recommended,234390,11066651,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kolba,"You've been getting by for two levels, resources dwindling for sure, but hope kept alive by the slow trickle of health and ammo. The enemies slowly growing stronger and greater in number, but so is your arsenal. It's an arms race, and you only just have the edge, because you're being careful, saving explosives and ammo, knifing the weak enemies, tricking the stronger ones into danger zones and thereby killing themselves. You're a survivor.BAM! Zombie Machine Gun Robots!It took you two hours to get here, but now you're dead in two seconds. You were trained for managing resources, being careful, knowing your environment, but you weren't trained for this. And now you have to do it all over again from the beginning, you mug.This game doesn't so much have a difficulty curve, as it does a difficulty wall."
76561198149131021,Recommended,234390,30662409,Posted: 21 March,all,Wayward son,Only 1.6% of people who bought this game have actully beaten it. casuals beware.
,Recommended,234390,12343703,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Lavos,"Teleglitch is a rogue-like, atmostpheric, survival horror game set in the future and populated only by things that want to murder you. Ammo is scarce, health is only replenishable by healing items and all of your foes madly crave your blood. You'll face mutants and their larger counterpart, gun-wielding guards, zombies, merciless bosses and a whole load of other truly challenging baddies. The shadow effects in Teleglitch: Die More Edition are beautiful and dynamic, providing a real sense of nausea, desperity and oppression via your knowledge you're probably going to die. When playing this game, I'd highly reccomend wearing a headset, the sound quality is great and the noises themselves are so disturbing, heavily atmospheric and psychologically painful, you'll feel tremendous joy in conquering this game's daemons. Like I've already said, this game is really hard, you may feel totally confident in your abilities and gear one minute, and then be forced into a corner whereby you can either run into the screaming crowd of mutants and other repulsing eyesores trapping you in, or headfirst into the 'void' behind you, a black lump of nothingness that anybody, or anything, unfortunate enough to touch it is atomised instantly. Overall, Teleglitch is a difficult, immensely atmostpheric b*stard of a game that'll keep you coming back for more, and making you it's b*tch in the process. The Guns 'n' Tunes DLC available for the game is a steal at 99p and is a nice cherry on top of this gruesome cake. However, the game's asking price itself is a tad steep, but I've seen it 80% off countless times, in said times, I definately recommend that you pick it up."
76561198012769979,Recommended,234390,12334062,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Reko,Never has a game with such low resolution been so immersive. The atmosphere is like... Star Wars meets the Fifth Element meets Blade Runner. Kinda.The feel of it just so impressive. A true roguelike; it feels so cold and lonely when you play.Storyline? See: Doom
,Not Recommended,234390,9369974,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,fadden,"Neat game spoiled by absurd difficulty.I'm all in favor of games that are hard -- I love Dark Souls even though it made me want to throw my game controller through the screen more than once -- but there's a point where ""hard"" devolves into pure masochism.All this game really needs is the ability to restore a game saved at the end of a level (which apparently many people did with the non-Steam version of the game).  In its current form it's more frustrating than fun."
76561198028694879,Recommended,234390,11508424,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,thebiad,"Teleglitch is amazing, a must have for any diehard gamer.  It's brutally hard, I still haven't been able to get to level 7 yet (I probably need to use to learn the knife better), but you rarely feel cheated from your many, many deaths.  Like Nethack, all your problems could have been avoided in hindsight.The graphics of the game, while extremely rudimentary, actually add to it; I love how much horror shows through, even though the monsters and worlds are just a few blurry pixels.  The storyline is interesting, and vividly describes the terror of the world you're living in, with a touch of humor as well.  If you're not interested in reading the computer logs to know how things got they way they are, they're also completely avoidable, and never forced upon you.All of the monsters have their own unique personality (and freaking TRICKY movement patterns!  Those stupid small ones, yeeeeeaarrrgghhh!), and none of them seem repetitious, or rehashes of earlier versions.The best part about this game?  THE CRAFTING SYSTEM!  Holy heck, I wish EVERY crafting game was as intuitive as Teleglitch.  Instead of needing a wiki article explaining how to make things you'd never have known exist, all you do is press a single key, and the crafting menu pops up, showing your entire inventory, what can currently be crafted from it, and what each of those items will cost you, using an easy to follow line diagram system.  Crafting is so easy, it can be done on the fly, during fights!  It couldn't be improved upon, except possibly to see items you can't craft yet, so you know what they take, but IMO, that would take away from the fun of discovery in the game, and add very little.Teleglitch is a game I'll always be happy to own, and if I had somehow pirated it (why? it's SO cheap!), I would actually pay money for a retail copy to support the designers.  I collect games like they're little works of art, and am proud to display this in my collection."
76561197993777365,Recommended,234390,8053760,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Gaston Beton,"""Teleglitch"" is a weird game - it really enjoys being unfair, but after a while (as is usually the case in such destructive relationships between gamer and game) you will start enjoying its unfairness too. There are good reasons for that: The controls are perfect. The crafting system is deep. All weapons have a chunky feel. The ambling monsters will continue to surprise you again and again.Make no mistake: ""Teleglitch"" will make you work hard to even survive its first level and will spring some nasty, cheap and lethal traps on you as soon as you start feeling comfortable. It will always keep you trembling and terrified of opening doors to unknown rooms. ""Teleglitch"" will crush your spirit by making all those ""you'll learn how to play this game and feel deep satisfatcion""-phrases sound super-dumb. ""Teleglitch"" will do all these things because IT HATES YOU. The only thing for you to do is to hate it back passionately and beat it. You won't find peace untill you do."
,Recommended,234390,11129418,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,axfelix,"I just FINALLY got to Level 7 after playing this game on and off for weeks and I think it's probably the closest thing to a perfect 10 I've tried in a while. It's extraordinarily tough, and extraordinarily tough roguelikes are perhaps a bit too popular right now, but this game does everything right -- brilliant aesthetics, excellent writing, wonderfully tense, challenging without feeling unfair, a surprisingly dynamic and unobtrusive crafting system, great great great great great. If you can deal with it -- and maybe you can't -- play it."
,Recommended,234390,16491924,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jimbob,"I don't have the energy or the patience to be good at video games anymore.This game was fun enough for me to make an exception.Also, devs, the sequel needs multiplayer. Get on it."
76561197971040455,Recommended,234390,19231994,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Spamalot,"Teleglitch is like a procedurally generated classic DOOM with a top-down view. Lots of weapons, a map that reminds me of the good old Doom one, the color palette, the choice of mutants and monsters... yet it's different, and adds more to it.It really takes some effort to get through the first levels when you're new to the game, but when you get a hang of it, you can even slay the most atrocious enemies the game throws at you! Collect and manage your inventory, craft enhancements, weapons, even drugs! Find your way to the core to destroy it once and for all!I haven't found the core yet but I'm inching my way forward bit by bit. Permadeath prevents ma from using savegames, but you get the chance to pick up a game with a randomized inventory two stages below the one you just entered. Say I get to stage 7, which triggers my ability to start a game in stage 5. Getting through every level in one go is favorable though, because you might get a better inventory than what the game generates for you! Too many times I failed at the end of stage 8 because I ran out of ammo on that huge robot killing machine... until I finally beat it, barely!The story is interesting, with little snippets to discover along the way. Hidden areas give you a little headway if you can find them, and you should invest in some advanced scanners or mutant hordes will devour you alive when you make the wrong step!This game runs well on lower end machines, and it builds a very dense horror atmosphere, now even with an arena mode to practice all those weapons before you head on out to use them for real.A defeinite recommendation!"
76561198172602763,Recommended,234390,33069104,Posted: 30 June,all,SnowFireBlues,"This game is perfect in all but one regard.-The gameplay is as intense as it gets!-The aesthetics are minimalistic, but they do an absolutely fantastic job at communicating every key aspect of the game (as well as giving this game a unique look)!-Surviving has never felt like this much of a challenge, every bullet counts, every healthpack makes the difference, every item should be used lest it be wasted (planning is paramount).-The eerie ambience and enemy sounds + the ominous entries found all over the militech facilities tie the whole thing together.-It is hard but fair, you are only punished for your mistakes, it is nearly impossible to have a ""cheap"" death in Teleglitch, and that by itself is worthy of praise.So what is my only qualm?Well... it is simply too hard for about 99% of people. It took me about 300 runs to complete the 10 levels of the game (I regret nothing, I enjoyed thoroughly).Final veredict:10/10 it is singlehandedly one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure to own and play. My congratulations!Final notes:I wish they'd add a co-op to this game, so that I could enjoy sharing such a masterfully crafted experience with a friend.Fun Fact:This game was done by 3 people!"
,Recommended,234390,12329753,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,slugrag,"First of all, this game can be hard to get in to. Mainly because it's hard. There are some things that you will only learn not to do once you have died repeatedly by doing them. And that can hurt, especially when you are a couple of hours into a run. Permadeath hits hard when the game lasts so long.But that really steps the tension in this game up a level. The game does a very good job of making you scared, in a few ways. There's a clever viewpoint system that makes tight corridors feel claustrophobic and open areas make you terified of a redguard standing on the other side. I'm impressed by the sounds. At first I was dissapointed that there was no music, but I have learned that it really matters that you are listening out for footsteps, to tell whether there is a giant zombie on the other side of that door or a group of gunmen approaching. I feel that the ambiant sounds of the facility could be more detailed, however.When you are attacked and are not ready, it's a panic, which is the last thing you want to do. Switching through weapons, trying to remember which one still has ammo left over, trying to work out where to run that you aren't going to be swarmed, and firing off rounds and MISSING! Missing really hurts in this game. Ammo is scarce.Overal. If you don't want a tense, hard, painful, roguelike that punishes you for every mistake, this isn't for you. If you are willing to deal with that for the immensely satisfying experiance of finally beating those robots of doom, with 2 health left, healing up again and finding enough ammo to last you for ever, you'll like this. I really do. Favourite rogue-like. I think it really starts to shine when you actually get good at it.Oh I'll give some advice too, for best enjoyment. I'd play the arena mode a fair bit first, so that you don't get disapointed that you died because you aren't used to the controls yet in your first few runs. Then i'd go into the 'story' and have some fun."
,Not Recommended,234390,7928799,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Uroboros,"I have always been a sucker for roguelikes of any kind, and the idea of a shooterish survival romp in pixelcore styling was pretty appetising. Unfortunately the roguelike elements are minimal, with crafting being shruggable, the levels simply seem to be (literally) rotated per playthrough. The entire permadeath thing gets really rubbed in your face by leaving you generally naked against outnumbering opponents, with the only reliable way of combating them being firearms with sparse ammo, and a backup melee knife which puts you directly in range for the enemy's auto-attacks (and has a habit of missing, dem pixels). The game doesn't necessarily require you to wipe them out as you progress, but realistically you have to otherwise face the inevitable problem of being totally immobile in a swarm when you make a single wrong / non-psychic move.Another fine case of ""smells delicious, tastes like meh""The cards at least provided me with a slight 'refund'. Please look into this game on a more in-depth level before considering purchase."
,Recommended,234390,17977889,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Vîtellus,"You're Gonna Die, A LotDo you like Dark Souls tough?Are you a masochist?The premise is, I assume, pretty straight forward and simple: You're on a military base on a distant planet after a disaster which kills everyone else but you,naturally...and this is where the game starts, a top-down view of smudges and pixels and a nifty shadow system that enhances the atmosphere.You got a gun and some bullets, but bullets are limited, adding to the challenge.So far, this sounds easy peasy, but that's where the simplicityends.This game is tough as nails, harder than steel, and as unforgiving as your inlaws.It's a gut punch, a nut kick, and an♥♥♥♥♥rape all in one horrible and fast thrust. Youwillrage quit. You will ♥♥♥♥ing uninstall this game so fast you'll forget its ♥♥♥♥ing existence until you're drunk and redownload it and it is staring you in the face the next terrible morning mocking you with it's insane difficulty.Should you get it?See questions at the top, but add impossibility to the list."
76561198170927818,Recommended,234390,28334470,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,{ A R T E S I A N B E A T S },"I love this game. I hate this game.I love this game because:the chromatic blurs and gamma when you shoot is like game dev erotica, the controls are easy to use, death is common but I don't care, and its combination of pixel art and... NOT pixel art is amazing.I hate this game because:when you die, you go like ""oh you know what, I'll play one more round"" and then before you know it all your friends have wives and kids and you come out of your hole and you turn to everyone and you're like ""I can't finish level ♥♥♥♥ing four.""10/10 would die more again."
,Recommended,234390,12518241,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Levy Lazuli,This game looks like it might be complicated? But it's not! And I love that you can move around your inventory. The game is simple and to the point with no cheap shots I've seen so far. Actually a really great thriller of a time killer with a sci-fy taste!
76561198008056737,Recommended,234390,32417910,Posted: 14 June,all,Captain Sheamerica,"You've been hiding inside a pantry, feasting upon canned meats while zombies and alien mutants rip apart everyone else on the facility. After running out of twinkies you're forced to leave shelter, armed with only a pistol, until you find a grenade launcher in the first level.You stab many zombies, then are immediately blown apart by machine guns on the 3rd level. You have no progress saved. You must play the entire game over. You do this 20 times and realize you'll never progress in this game.11/10 would search for canned meat on mutant infested space station that looks like mud while crafting explosives with nails again.Seriously though, its a randomly generated top down shooter with modest survival aspects and crafting.Check out my video to get a better idea, but the game is incredibly punishing.https://youtu.be/-x5PyZZKb7AFun as heck though."
,Recommended,234390,25414863,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,EmoTheKid,"What should I say.. this is one of my, probably, surely even my favorite Indi-game of all time! I had so much fun with it, I hope you will have too!So, first of all, what kind of game is Teleglitch? It is a [relatively] random generated ,,dungeon""-crawler Topdown-shooter with a perma-death mechanic, great crafting, micromanagement, many enemies and a striking [horror-kind of] atmosphere, made by some cool sounds and your limited vision set in an abandoned sience-fiction apocalyptic scenario.The story/setting: Something went wrong in a research station on a planet in outer space. They wont respond, so you and your team were sent to find out what is going on. Turns out, everyone turned into mutants and all the androids and robots are infected with some kind of virus. You managed to lock yourself into a room, but your supplies are limited and you can´t contact anyone from your current location. So, the only way to get out of this hellhole, obviously, is to search the whole station for a way to communicate with someone to get you out of there.The gameplay: You basically try to gather supplies, craft new useful stuff and shoot everything in your way. You have a variety of cool weapons and ineresting tools. Micromanagment is also a big deal in this game, as you can´t drag everything you have into the next level and have to decide if you will leave weapons, health-kits, tools or stuff to craft witch maybe be important later on. But *What I like most about the game* is the sense of progression! After every level I finished I thought that, no matter how hard I would try, I wouldn´t be able to make it to the next level because I used all I had and only just made it to where I was. But then I would try it again and get much further. Also, getting to the new location, getting/craftin the new weapons and tools and seeing and defeating the new enemies adds much more to that sense of prgression.One last thing: Look at one of the screenshots, just to be sure you can handle the graphics ;] I find them pretty cool.Also, your skill in gaming should be atleast average, maybe better as this game isn´t easy. I would also recommend to bring some patience/ passion. Also, don´t use the music."
76561198073188253,Recommended,234390,15890636,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Red Shirt,"This is one of the most difficult games I have played in a long time. It took me till the 28hr mark until I could finally say that I have beaten this game, so if you are up for the time investment it's well worth it. That being said this games is incredibly punishing. There are no save slots so once you die you are dead that's it and you'll have to go back to the beginning and try again. Even after you beat the game there are several extra modes to explore like the arenas which add a little more to the game after it is beaten."
,Not Recommended,234390,7976250,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fetid Rotting Anushole,"Teleglitch is a stylized little top-down shooter with roguelike elements that has a pretty neat engine. That's about it. What you see is what you get, basically some cool particle effects and pixelly stuff with a limited selection of weapons, rather weak procedurally generated levels, and enemy AI that while interesting at first, isn't too challenging or intense.There's not much content here, it's not like Binding of Isaac where there's an absolutely ludicrous amount of unlocks, items, and other stuff to keep you busy, it's a very slim product. It's like the developers created the engine, fine-tuned it, made a pretty great, responsive, and crunchy feeling run and gun, then just left it at that without actually developing content.You'll enjoy a runthrough or two, but it's really just not that compelling. The atmosphere is nice, but the writing is dull and basically everything about this game is dull.Lack is the word, just lack, lack of a soul, like me, that's why I'm marrying Teleglitch."
,Not Recommended,234390,8907049,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"Although very innovative with an interesting plot (if you want to do a lot of reading), though not interesting in the direction of truly original, Teleglitch follows a line of indie permadeath games that really bring old school gaming back. I do like the old school graphics, but Teleglitch did seem to almost go out of its way to keep the graphics low when a few more bits definitely would not have hurt.Despite its many great qualities I found myself quickly disinterested with a frustrating difficulty and ultimately low replayability (for me at least). There's lots of good reviews on this game though, so take my review with the disclaimer that it might just not be a game for me... maybe not the case for you."
76561197970818937,Recommended,234390,18086005,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dereliction,"This game feels like a top-down Doom with hardcore rogue-like gameplay; nothing about this game is forgiving, and every level seems more hopeless than the last, but every attempt is as rewarding as it is challenging. A must-play for rogue-like enthusiasts."
76561198117215098,Recommended,234390,22771969,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Boner Salad,"Teleglitch is an anomaly. That's a play on words, based on the ever-present black goo that engulfs every corner of this game. But seriously folks, I have put in quite a bit of undocumented hours into Teleglitch: Die More Edition and have yet to beat it. So my perspective is from someone who hasn't beat level 6 yet.I say it's an anomaly, because so many reviews describe it as repetitive, esoteric, self-indulgent, and impossible, and yet so many describe it as more horrifying and entertaining than any other game they've played. From my point of view-- it's a little of both. But, in the end I side with the latter.Set in a science facility on an uninhabitable planet, placed on the outer reaches of known space. A black gyrating void has breached the compound and corrupted the facilities AI, using the armed robotic soldiers, necrotic tissue specimens, and multi limbed plankton monsters to purge the planet of any human life. Except they missed one... you. As an engineer, living off of canned food for weeks in a broom closet, you leave your haven to find the master teleporter to send you back to Earth. There is only one problem. You have to navigate 10 randomly generated levels of monster and robot infested hallways and courtyards, teleporter by teleporter, until you reach Earth. When you die-- you die. Fortunately, there are chests, hidden caches, and monster dropped equipment to help you along the way. And being an engineer has its perks, like being able to improve your weapons and make devices to warn you of any impending dangers, or shell any impending dangers, or set exploding meat traps for any impending dangers. Did I mention this game has IMPENDING DANGERS?Sometimes, I just want to end my life after some impending dangers end my hard work, over and over again. It's gets grating after awhile, like the devs designed it to never be beaten by anything that can competently operate a keyboard and mouse. Yet, many have done it... there is hope.Bottom line is, buy this game. Play through that ""This game is too ♥♥♥♥ing hard!!!!!"" phase that all of us go through, and learn how to invest time and thought into making your next move, as if you were really stuck on a planet full of impending dangers.UPDATED REVIEW..................Since my review I have reached level 9. I stepped away from the game for a week and returned with the passion of a thousand fires and slowly worked my way up. Defeating the Heavy Destroyer Snake is almost muscle memory now, and the Blue Walker even easier. How did I achieve success and guaranteed advantage to eventually beat the game?Arena.The weapon combinations in Arena help prioritize which builds you want for certain enemies with each passing level. Plus, it gives incentive to use explosives like the nailbomb, which is the Deus Ex Machina of ammo conservation, otherwise a very overlooked piece of arsenal.I could go on, but the most important thing I learned during this last bout is that this game is not for casual gamers. It's a game of passion, that separates those who enjoy building twitch skills through negative reinforcement, and those who would rather... I'm not sure how to end that actually. Who wouldn't want to build up their skills?In an interview, test3 developed the game with testing and building their gaming skills in mind. Roguelike games, and ""grind like"" games like the Souls series are what keep me interested in gaming, and these kinds of projects draw the line between people who want to game, and those who want to run their thumbs over their phone screens like they're rubbing one out."
,Recommended,234390,8825104,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,shizoID °_̯͡°,"High Resolution graphics, Great sound and keyboard controllers"
,Recommended,234390,31270194,Posted: 21 April,all,Jexter,"Very hard, but very fun. Good learning curve as every run you seem to get the shooting and running more and more better. Ammo and health is scarce, so you have to be very creative with what you have.QualityHigh quality pixel graphics. Truly, it's really good.10.0PerformanceIt's hard for me to imagine a computer on which this game won't run smootly.10.0UtilityNo crashes, no bugs, no errors. Lot's of glitches, though (what was the name of the game?).10.0ControllsBy every run you will adapt more and more better. You have to be very precise in order to hit more often and you have to do that in order to save ammo, but sometimes you will get frustrated, as even a tiny bit of mistake may cost you your life. Death is permanent (there are exceptions).9.0DiversityThere are lots of cool weapons to find and craft. Diversity is good but can always be better.9.0Immersion, StoryStory is quite simple, but I guess this kind of game does not requires a very good and unique one.8.0Game play experience, user interfaceFun to play, nice visuals, easy controls (but hard to master them), permadeath. Inventory is always visible, no need to open and close any windows except map. I take it as a very good UI decision.9.0Overall score9.3"
,Not Recommended,234390,10598501,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Colin - Amish Cyberbully,"I normally love the top down shooter genre, and this game shows a lot of promise. But on the whole the experience is very lacking.The game tells you levels are procedurally generated, but the variation they do have is far more limited than you would think. Each level has the same rooms, just arranged into different places with some awkward hallways stringing them together.Other reviewers have commented that it's hard, but most any game can be made just as hard by removing any save functions. The overall effect of removing save points and deleting saves when you die was more tedious and frustrating that I have to slog through the same areas again. And again. And again. If that's your idea of fun I can only imagine what kind of abusive household you must have grown up in.Another frustration, the knife (which you will have to use a ridiculous amount for a top down ""shooter"") does not automatically keep attacking. I had to download an auto-clicker just to spam left clicks for me because you will wear out your index finger and mouse in short order otherwise. If that sounds too technical for you or if you plan on playing on a console without a turbo button controller you should not buy this game.The painfully low resolution makes it hard to even know what you're looking at, which in later levels when enemies start carrying guns will regularly prove fatal. The flavor text you pick up from terminals is probably my favorite part, but if I wanted to indulge my bookish side I'd be better served by ordering a book. At $15 it's hard to say it's not worth the price, but it certainly isn't worth the time."
76561198074979904,Recommended,234390,26375530,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eon,"Teleglitch (DMe) has been growing on me slow but strong. I wasn't entirely sold after first few hours of play. The graphics work well in the context, leaving just enough for the imagination to immerse you into the world of forsaken horrors of the bases your roam. The sound is equally top-notch. The first hoop I had to jump to properly appreciate the game was the controls. I started off on my Xbox One controller and that was a terrible mistake. In my humble opinion, Teleglitch was made for good old mouse and keys. After ditching the gamepad, immersion is the world became instantly more intuitive. The second hoop was accepting the fact of dying while pushing through the first few levels. It is only after three or four hard won teleports that the adrenaline really kicks in since there is no way to save and hence protect your investment in time. Most of the time, the game keeps your supplies to the bare minimum. Facing a swarming horde of monsters with your final clip and a pack of explosives really makes every shot count. Nor does being armed to the teeth - as rare as that is - make you invincible. There have been plenty of times when I thought I had the upper hand with a bunch of medkits, several weapons and a sackful of ammo just to be ambushed by a throng of zombies and killed in a heartbeat. As frustrating as this sounds, it is memories like this that really drive your heart rate as you progress further and further towards that elusive save point beyond the first five teleports. Whoever played the original Doom on hardest difficulty knows that bloodrush well. I therefore find the criticism of random deaths misplaced. As frustrating as it may be, it is an absolutely fundamental element in immersing one into the gameworld and pumping that adrenaline. An experience very different from - and ultimately more rewarding - than hitting F5 to quicksave around every corner. Progressively generated levels ensure that the experience never gets monotonous. I recently realized with some amazement that two of the most-played titles in my library - Europa Universalis IV and Teleglitch - were both fathered by Paradox Interactive. Given how different these two games are, I can only conclude that these guys know their gaming inside and out! My highest recommendation to anyone looking for a heart pounding claustrophobic challenge!TIP: Remember to combine the items in your stock to make new stuff! Took me a while to figure this out... Also, shotguns can finish a secret wall if you're out of explosives or simply get stuck!"
,Recommended,234390,8831402,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,=HOMEBREW= Vaevictus,"Love it.  Tough game, great mechanics, great feel.  Desperation as you're always running low on ammo, health, or both.:D"
76561198186812151,Recommended,234390,23680235,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,clarkeveritas,"It is some sort of witchcraft how Teleglitch accomplishes so much with so little.  The graphics manage to convey such a large amount despite the whole game taking up somewhere around 60 megs.  The visual effects combined with the sound effects give the weapons a real sense of presence.  I think this game might accomplish more with less better than anything I've ever played in my life.The basis of the game is: You are somewhere where something not-so-great has occured and you are trying to escape while piecing together what has happened.  You are an engineer and can combine inventory items into all sorts of neat stuff.... discovering what can be combined into what is part of the fun.... but surprisingly the combat and atmosphere are OUTSTANDING despite the... somewhat unrefined graphics.  I never buy anything on Steam that isn't on sale but this is one of examples of a game that is fully worth the full asking price.  The DLC is also pretty neat.... it adds a soundtrack (the original game has no music)... but the music must be accessed by the Steam Music player... simply Shift-Tab while in-game and select the soundtrack.  A warning: missing out on the audio cues from enemies can be a disadvantage... but the DLC also adds multiple different starting scenerios.  By this I mean instead of starting out with a 9mm pistol and an extra clip or two you might start with a revolver and extra ammo, or a bunch of dynamite and no gun, or a number of other situations.  It privides much-needed diversity in the very early-stages of the game and forces you to get good at using different weapons and tactics.In short: Teleglitch is an amazing game that does a lot with 60 megs of data.  It is HARD.... like REALLY REALLY hard but I've had a blast despite never getting past level 7.... I actually died in the very first room on level 7 and died in extreme fashion.  Think Dark Souls-style difficulty mixed with a large helping of Dead Space, all in a top-down environment.  This game just has ""it"", that Special Sauce that just makes it fun.  I read about this game on RockPaperShotgun and, having learned to trust their opinions, game-wise, decided to give it a chance when I found it on sale.  I'm pretty sure this has been the only game I've played since I bought it aside from a little bit of the Fallout 3/Fallout New Vegas combining Tale of Two Wastelands.  I've started up Teleglitch each of the last couple of days to just play a round or two (you have one life per playthrough... so a ""round"" would essentially be until you finally die.... which happens quite a bit) but ended up playing for the entire day.  Despite all of my roughly-30 attempts ending in terrible, terrible failure: this game is just a lot of fun.  Way moreso than the sum of it's parts would suggest."
76561198040295426,Not Recommended,234390,10192653,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,diegzumillo,"It's a hard game. Hard as in you have to rely on luck to succeed in this game.At first I thought I was playing wrong, maybe I wasn't learning the patterns, maybe my strategies weren't good. So I did some research, watched some youtubes and read some guides. What I found out is that there was nothing wrong with my strategies! that's exactly how you beat the game, but you have to keep trying until you get lucky.I saw a youtube video describe some of his best strategies, which was something like this: find some narrow passage just big enough for you, lure an enemy there and he'll get stuck, then you stab him. Repeat until you clean the level. This is the least fun activity I have ever seen in a game. I had more fun installing the game than doing that."
76561198042982182,Recommended,234390,19405984,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,OmnipresentTaco,"I awake in a room. My head hurts.. I gain my footing and look around. I realize where i am. Im out of food, and today is the day i have to leave this room... into the unkown outside that door. I pick up the empty cans of my canned meat, they may prove useful to crafting new weapons, or bombs.... maybe armor if i need it.. ill need a lot more than 4 cans to accomplish that however. ""rrrttt"" The metal door slides open. i push away the benches, desks, boxes and what not and walk tward the exit of the long room ive  just entered.Room 1: I walk out and see grass, from the organics garden. ""At least we have a little bit of earth here with us..."" i say to myself. I then hear an eerie gurgle from behind the pillar to my left. Then i see it, one of our old military AI mutants... its scuttling twards me pretty fast, but a few precise stabs will take it down. It is feet away now, and i take a step back as it crosses me, i stab it once, it hardly staggers. Its  hurt, and bleeding. it strikes at me and scratches my arm, so i retaliate and stab it again, this time in the head. It falls dead. Im glad im ok... but i already know... theres plenty more where that came from. i see a door ahead, and to the left. I enter the one ahead. It should be the teleporter room.Room 2: I can see now that the particle from the other side of the universe that we teleported here... was lethal in its own right. It must have a way to control our AI... and mix the rooms of the building completly♥♥♥♥♥backwards. This is not how it was when i barracaded myself in that room. This just a generator room, with a crate. I decide to open the crate... AND LOW AND BEHOLD A SHINNY SHOTGUN! I raise it into the air with joy and begin to cry softly. After my cry i leave, theres nothing left for me in that room.Room 3:Oh hell, there are several muntants in here... INSERT SHOTGUN INTO ARMS. ""Blam!"" ""Blam!"" Peices of them remain on the floor... Some still twitching... the blue liquid is everywhere.Room 4 : CANNED MEAT AND A TUBERoom 5: Im not sure what this room is, some computers and glass walls........ More mutants, i begin stabbing the first one, and finish him with my hand gun. I equip my shotgun and take out the other three. Blue blood on me, the floor and the glass.Room 6 : A crate with 9 mm ammo, and and agl-1 (Stickynade launcher) Once again, i begin to cry softly to the gods... if they exist i do not know. I may be losing my mind.Room 7: I slaughter more mutants as they run aimlessly twards me... i laugh slightly as i realize they are no threat... because we didnt finish developing them completly.Room 8: This room is more of a hallway but you get the point. I walk down with my hand gun drawn and ready. I hear a pitter patter of footsteps around this corner, i round it, and i make derect eye contact with a  zombie... They were people... then they died and we were given their bodies to insert micro chips into their brains. They then do as commanded. Like fleshy robots. It SRINTS full speed right for me. I shoot at it and miss the first time, Its almost at me by this point. So i spray and pray... I hitt it twice after a few bullets and it drops. Im a little beaten up but im ok. They smell of turpintine.Room 9: The teleporter room... finally. I enter the abandonned sector... hoping to not see any more mutants.FLOOR  2: I feel fuzzy from the teleport but im alright. I search the room and find nothing of use.Room 2: I enter yet another room with two generators, and two ways to enter another part of the room, i take the left way and out comes some mutans, no problem as to blowing these ones away, they are predictable... and somewhat slow. I go the other way and find another crate, with a nail box, and some more cans. So i throw some of the explosives i had in a can and dumpped the nails inside. Creating a nail bomb... just in case.Room 3: I enter this room and imediatly get hit in the face by a big gray mutant...these ones are bigger, they actually hurt, and they have 6 legs instead of 4. I pull out my shot gun and fire, miss it twice and reload. It begins to pund my body and head as i stagger away trying to reload. I finish realoding a t hit in the body two good times and it drops. Releived that i didnt die, i ate some canned meat to fill up a bit. As i beganto leave IT STAND BACK UP and begins to hit me several time in the face.. i lift my shot gun and shoot it more time than neccisarry... but i was making sure this time.Room 4: another room with a crate in it. I open said crate and begin to sob quietly to myself. as i reach down to retreive my child... the heavy rifle. With rounds still in the mag, i couldnt be happier.With my rifle readied and my nerves shot, i begin to enter the next room. As the door slides open i see something truly horrifying. A big brown mutant with a giant rock... looking right at me. HE winds up and launches the rock at me, i attempt to dodge, but i fail, and it hits me in my left arm. The pain is serious but i can still shoot. I shoot it twice with the rifle and i see 4 to five mutants run in front of him... all coming for me. I trun to run but find myself in a corner. As i turn around they are on me, The big brown mutant as well, He hits me once in the face and i can feel my jaw break. the green mutants tearing aaway at my skin. And in that moment i reach into my pocket and arm my nail bomb. My last thought were of my love... may she live happily without me.10/10 would take them all to hell with you"
76561197968956752,Recommended,234390,12358921,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Rogue-like elements, procedurally generated✓ Cool environments, ambiance✓ Linux support!✘ Inventory management is clunky✘ So difficult, doesn't keep you interested for long✘ Annoying flashing screen when teleporting at the end of a level, close your eyes. (x.x)"
,Recommended,234390,12494947,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Th3DuckOnQuack,This game is far too easy. It only took me hundreds of tries to complete.
,Recommended,234390,8401320,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ŀนқє,"Gorgeous game, a different aproach to a survivor in a 8-bit like entropy of pure tension, induced by the play and sounds on the env. One of the best rogue-like out there, and with a world and storyline very well placed and explained. That is without mention that the game is done in lua basicaly and is available to all plataforms."
76561197974210341,Recommended,234390,11086408,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,P = NP /BBQPRTY\,"Best roguelike I've played in a long time; solid controls, good crafting system, and a firm but completely fair difficulty. Another great feature is that it has checkpoints so you won't be spending 99% of your time playing the first couple levels (one of my major beefs with some roguelikes). I was also pleasantly surprised that a game like this would have Steam Cloud integration; started it up at work one day and I got to start at the checkpoint I left off from at from home! All in all Teleglitch is a great game that is well worth the price tag, especially if you get it during a Steam sale.Minor nitpicks for the developers (hoping some of these get patched in):-loading screens from the main menu to the selected checkpoint would be nice (maybe just the caption screen preceeding that level?) Even though it only takes 5 seconds to generate a level, it still feels weird when the main gui becomes unresponsive.-scattering dead enemy bodies around each level and having a few of them randomly get up would add to the scare factor-the story text needs a bit of proofreading; hell I'll even volunteer to do this given how few errors there are."
,Recommended,234390,201316,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Emerald Witch,"Teleglitch is a fast paced twitch shooter that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥until you get it right. The game is very hard, but fair. You have to learn through experience which weapons to use and how to best manage the crafting materials you're given. It is not exactly a roguelike though, because you can craft extra lives for yourself later on, and the items and enemies in each level are mostly fixed. The only random factor is how the pieces of each level get connected together and the locations of the items and monsters. This works for Teleglitch though, because it really lets you focus on improving your skill rather than relying on getting lucky drops and easy monster spawns. If you think you're a badass vidya gamer Teleglitch will put that belief to the test."
,Recommended,234390,10187911,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cachexia_to_pino,随机地图，通过阴影表现出的3D效果不错，文档介绍背景，难度适中，综合耐玩不错。
76561198322131681,Recommended,234390,26007221,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,oshsee,"Most ""o gods"" per dollar and some of the best fog of war in the business."
76561198167665358,Recommended,234390,24901562,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,halypo,"this game be super. Sooooppeeeerrr.The crafting is well implemented. There is not a lot of crafting, but the games real emphasis is dieing more, like lots more. So the game  really tries to stick to the combat. If you are a fan of perma death, randomly generated, and extremely hard game then you will love this one. Get it if its on sale, if its normal price, even if its double price. This has to be one of my favorite Steam purchases along with Risk of Rain and Luftrausers. So buy it right now!"
,Recommended,234390,25549798,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Epiphenomenon,"One of the most under-rated indie games I've ever played. Great atmosphere, incredibly intense, and demanding skill required. This game is a throwback to when good games were actually hard."
76561198028086019,Recommended,234390,14190933,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,zais,"Really great game.* roguelike* crafting* good sound work (it has no soundtrack which adds to atmosphere actually)* horror/survival elements (just slightest touch i'd say)* nice approach to unfold story (really like that obscure way, similar to dark souls, where you can miss it entirely)BTW, darkness will kill you."
,Recommended,234390,7541465,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Silent Thunder,"Pure awesome!With its randomly arranged levels the replayability of this game is great, and it also makes it that whenever you die and have to restart a new experiance every time, so you dont get bored with it."
,Recommended,234390,8215437,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ra1derCZ,"A tough nut to crack this game is as every death sends you back to the beginning. Yet, the beginning always brings different level setup. This game is a 8bit top down marvel, with hardcore action, difficulty and bad♥♥♥♥♥bosses. Its a horror/scifi shooter that will make u want to quit and then right away load the game back up. The story line is nothing special but the information provided is interesting and quite fun to read. I'd give it 8/10 just because co-op isnt included but would add much more fun."
76561197992971571,Recommended,234390,8473286,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,76561197992971571,"I hate this game for how hard it is, yet I can't help but respect it for upholding its identity as a ♥♥♥♥-You old-school indie game. Don't play this game unless you have an over-abundance of self-esteem, because you will die, and your pathetic ego will slowly shrivel up with each (inevitable) death.Recommended for the hardcore or masochistic (ideally both)."
,Recommended,234390,10268395,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Munchkingman,"This game stops my heart, then hits it with electricty, pumps it full of stimulants, and sets me on a path of carnage.While juggling around nine ammo types, I was just destoryed by a dual mini gun weilding terminator snake when staring it down with two shotguns I had tapped together and a punch of cans packs with nails and explosives. But that's okay, that was the me one second ago. Thanks to teleportation, that me dies, and now I'm back and ready to fight again. I weild my high velocity machine gun that uses uranium depleted rounds and armor piercing panzerfausts. I die. I don't have any more teleports. But that's okay, since I understand why it was my fault I died. What kind fool doesn't move while being beared down upon by 4000 rounds per minute?"
,Recommended,234390,10297342,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Harzy,Hardcore semi-randomized doomlike roguelike with a pinch of brutal difficulty. 10/10
,Recommended,234390,4298623,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,undrwtr,"Die More, ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,234390,12437998,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MustNotSleep,"Excellent top-down shooter with smooth controls, intuitive and rewarding crafting system, intriguing storyline, chilling sound and visceral graphics that produce a truly scary atmosphere reminiscent of the original Silent Hill games.There is no music here, and with good reason. It really adds to the ambience that you're alone in this scary place, and you need to be able to hear every single creak in order to survive.The difficulty will really test your skills, but it never gets frustrating. At one moment everything might be going great, you have plenty of ammo, health and supplies, and at the next a small dude with a machine gun mows you down.The combat is extremely satisfying, be it melee, one on one, or one on dozens. When you're in a tough spot, you hold your breath, and when you beat it, you breathe a sigh of relief. I haven't experienced this level of engagement in gaming since... Hell, it's been a while. And the fact that a small indie title does it is just amazing.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,234390,11842132,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,CAL.,"I really like this game! It’s hard, fun, hard, has some cool features, hard and did i mention hard. Even though this game is quite difficult I found the game super fun the game had a really cool story witch was told through dialogue found in terminals which was found in terminals witch also harboured valuable information and through dialogue at the end of a level. The graphics aren’t fancy but i think they are done well and present everything I need to see as well as looking good for a indie game. The inventory and the crafting are also great, inventory is simply a bar on the side of the screen that can be easily scroll up and down to equip weapons. The crafting is really cool it allows you to build many different pieces of equipment to help you defeat your enemies and to defend yourself, things like nail bombs, can guns and single use rocket launchers are just a few of the many craft able weapons. The gameplay is awesome in this game, I am a big fan of the rouge like genre (a game where when you die you have to start again or maybe from a checkpoint) so that was definitely an upside for me, controlling your character is super easy and smooth witch is super important when your dodging bursts of machinegun fire and running from hoards of zombies or quickly switching out your weapons and equipment. Just playing through the main story of the game is definitely the best part but there are set of arena levels that you can play on the side. There isn’t much to do there other than enjoy having lots of ammo and explosives. All in all I think this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥and I really enjoy the gameplay, story and even graphics (which some people hate). Buy it…..please. 9.5 out of 10"
76561198078856856,Recommended,234390,10186248,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,pandialo,"This game is just awesome. I never made it past level 7 (of 10) but I'm still loving it for being one of the most atmospheric, dark and thrilling roguelikes I ever played. The new arena mode is really fun, the bits of story that add up to a very own dystopy are wonderful. If you're hesitating whether you should buy it: do so!"
,Recommended,234390,12280132,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Khrysos,"I loved Teleglitch, it is a very hard game which is pretty rare these days. I am a big fan of the artstyle as well.Buy it if you can handle a fast paced and difficult rogue-like!"
,Recommended,234390,10704828,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Actually for Real Krysto,"Strangely atmospheric and gripping - this game can provide both gripping fear of the unknown through the doors in front of you and the adrenaline rush of combat. No fanfare, no music, just the ambiance of a space colony overrun by robots and zombies.Teleglitch is difficult, you WILL need to learn its ins and outs to succeed, you can not and will not get by on dumb luck.You will die. A lot."
76561198073045200,Recommended,234390,9189753,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Pesimyst,"This game took me by complete surprise, its extremely intense and atmospheric. The controls are near perfect and the gunplay is awesome. Don't let the retro graphics scare you this is one hell of a game."
,Recommended,234390,24389732,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Luzaer_,"It is hard. There is nothing quite like it on the market at the moment.Story is good, everything is in its place.Its a cool game, a challenge.I suggest you give it a try. I do not think you  will regret it."
,Recommended,234390,10265439,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Atticus Zed,"Do not doubt that this game is great. And though my review is going to be entirely criticism, I do recommend it. Perhaps I should wait until I've beaten the game before I write this review, but I don't see that happenning within this lifetime.My most major gripe is the Guard enemy. I appreciate how they transition the game from a leisurely stroll through the abandoned facilities to a nervous twitch-inducing slow crawl through every corridor, but they just seem too hard. I can't even count the times I've stepped out of the start point in level 4 with full hp and armor, only to suddenly find myself dead from the gang of three guards waiting on the other side. And when you're playing a rougelike where every death means starting all the way back at Level 1, it can be rather trying to die so instantaneously.Even the super cyber guys in Level 5 don't bother me as much as the Guards do, because you know what you're stepping into before you fight them. The Guards just pop up behind you and then death. Yes, you can wait at the edge of a room and wait for them to patrol past you, but honestly, camping a corner for 5 minutes to survive isn't quite my idea of a good time.If I'm alone on this, then by all means, disregard all of my ranting. I may have just not gotten the hang of it yet. But if this holds any water, could I please request that their strength be dialed back just a little? Maybe boost the strength of the mutants and zombies to compensate, because honestly, I don't feel like most of them even in huge groups are even half a threat to my character. Or if not that, could the Guards AT LEAST have a noise to notify that they've spotted you? It would be nice to know if a zombie with a shotgun is about to pop up behind you and void your last 15 minutes of progress.Two other small gripes:-Could we have a noise that sounds a little more terrifying when you're melee attacked? Becuase the one the game has now sounds almost comical.-Some ambient music would be nice. The atmosphere in the game is already pretty solid, but doesn't always suit it during the more intense moments of gameplay."
,Recommended,234390,29117079,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"An overhead horror roguelike set on a space station that isn't Dead Space!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGzQm43K1TMOkay, Dead Space isn't a roguelike, but whatever.  This game is especially brutal, but very fun.  In some respects, it's a twin stick shooter, but the emphasis on survival, exploration, and strategy is definitely there.  It's hard, but very rewarding."
,Recommended,234390,18304386,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dr. Smiles,"This little game will have you hooked in seconds playing for hours.  It takes little or no space, runs great on any machine with a 10/10 fun factor."
76561197970432899,Recommended,234390,16385878,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DoS,"It's been many times now that I've started this game again and again and every time I discover new items, new enemies and new dumb ways to die.Every death has so far been my own mistake - the game only being to blame for being so unforgiving as to make death permanent.But overall this is a wonderful gem for the following reasons:1. Tension! Permanent death means every time you play you'll be at the edge of your seat. I have yet to find any other single player experience that quite matches this game's level of stress.2. Style! Yes, the graphics suck but the line of sight gameplay and low graphics mean that discerning and discovering foes becomes harder and adds to the game's difficulty factor.3. Weapons. The game has an awesome item combining system and you will be very happy to make that one super powerful weapon or other lifesaving item when you'd thought all was lost. Eventually you'll memorize some item recipes and forgo combining a particular item immediately in the hopes of finding that extra ingredient for making something more useful - all the while juggling your inventory to make sure you're not leaving items on the ground behind.4. Feedback. The developers have implemented a clever graphical trick into making all the weapons feel like they have a punch or at least a sense of personality. Firing a weapon distorts either the entire screen or at the very least distorts your character. This makes learning the intricacies of each weapon a skill and adds to the high level of skill you need to beat this game.5. Exploration and secrets. In an environment where death is permanent, finding anything useful becomes immensely valuable. Exploring each level thoroughly to find every secret area is thus very rewarding and adds nicely to gameplay.6. Randomization. Each level is randomized. Yes, there are some things which are key to each level that stay the same but most of the level is different each time you play. Different secrets, different enemy positions, different room locations etc. It all adds to the tension since you really never know what lies behind each door and each corner.Cons:- no music (some tension creating music would have been nice)- graphics (a bit less pixelation would do the game some good)Overall this is one of the best games I've ever played (and I've played a lot of them). You owe it to yourself to challenge yourself to beating this game. It's one of the few which makes you proud to beat each level and possibly actually gives bragging rights if you manage to complete it."
,Not Recommended,234390,16566681,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,johanofsigg,"Too difficult and frustrating to truly recommend. I like rogue-likes, but they are supposed to progress in some small manner. This one does not. You might chalk this up to my own incompetency, but I have never ever gotten to Level 5 in 17 hours. Level 5 is where the game saves and you are able to begin a new game from- if you ever reach it. I consider this to be a bit... unreasonable. There are too many ways you can easily die without warning. Games that I frequently curse at I do not consider to be recommendable."
76561198057399075,Recommended,234390,16437006,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MonitorHead,"Basically a demake of dead space. I enjoy the gameplay and even with the simplistic graphics, it's very immersing. Creepy atmosphere, and surprisingly difficult. Feels as if it should be only $10, but that's just because I'm cheap. Thorougly fun, and recommended."
,Recommended,234390,1372847,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Rosy Maple,Very spooky game. Use bombs and guns and nails to blow up your enemies! Watch out for tentacle monsters
,Recommended,234390,10652928,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stargoat,"Fun roguelike/arena shmup mashup. Difficult. Crafting system that won't cause OCD.The best aspect is probably the game's ability to generate atmosphere. Considering the fairly 'primitive' graphics (although the lighting and some of the effects are really cool), Teleglitch does an amazing job at generating tension - with procedurally generated levels, no less.Speaking of the proc-gen levels, it should probably be noted that the levels are only 'psuedo' proc-gen. You can expect some or all of the elements to appear in a given order and layout in a particular level in any play-though. I think this is a good thing, as it allows the player to develop a strategy for how to progress, but at the same time doesn't get boring on repeated playthroughs - which there will be many of it's a hard game.If you like roguelikes, system shock-esque sci fi horror, arena shmups or a combination of the three, Teleglitch is worth playing."
,Recommended,234390,3535066,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Crosswalk,"Teleglitch is a tense excersize in methodical panic, and a criminally underrated rougelike."
,Recommended,234390,27120024,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brett,Unique and fun roguelike.
,Recommended,234390,10318201,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Redlineblue,Besht Game Eva!
76561198025715475,Recommended,234390,18113008,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Subtlefuge,"A relatively well polished, atmospheric, and almost Rogue-like game.Fun mix of DOOM, Resident Evil and The Chaos EngineMinor Gripe: To still be charging for the guns and tunes DLC after all this time does not seem...savvy"
,Recommended,234390,10243171,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Throbbin' Williams,"Beautiful and atmospheric. Your heart will pound as you open a door with three bullets left and 9 enemies. Still haven't got past level 5, but I am still coming back for more."
,Recommended,234390,17519069,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,NIMSEP,"Yes, yes and more yes please. I played this game back when it was first released as a demo and it's such a rewarding experience to witness its full version. Incredibly hard and engaging, this game brings it all to the table; I found myself filling a can with nails and explosives and using that to explode a makeshift volley of bullets into an incoming horde of mutants right off the bat. Ended up killing me shortly after anyway because apparently holding an exploding can of nails isn't the healthiest thing for you.100% would use it again, ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful."
76561197970385470,Recommended,234390,25416685,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,krazypickle,Freakin awesome
76561198068592728,Recommended,234390,10290395,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,zolk,"Teleglitch is a great survivor game with deep atmosphere.You get a great story just need to find and read them on those computers.It's really hard but you just need to learn how to play the game.If you want a game what is not easy,has a good storyline,randomly generated levels and (if that matters) low system requirements, teleglich is for you."
,Recommended,234390,10312302,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,gave myself 2 million minigun ammo with cheatengine and still got rekt10/10
,Recommended,234390,9507476,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,bug12lm,one of the greatist games ive ever played!! its cheapso why not buy it?
76561197970281239,Recommended,234390,10309316,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SendU2Jesus,(Dead Space) x (SNES/Commodore/Early PC) + (Atmosphere) / (Rogue Like) =  Uh huh...
,Recommended,234390,17409251,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Alaneee,"cool game, wery liked it."
76561198019412629,Recommended,234390,18303434,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[harakiri],Very good indeed!
,Recommended,234390,24484934,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,Once I actually beat this ♥♥♥♥ing game i'll give a more detailed review until then see you at mankind's end.
76561198036562911,Recommended,234390,18310033,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,youarethemusic,"Fun, suspenseful and sometimes fast-paced, with challenging tactical decisions. Simple enough to get drawn into after only a few minutes of play. Procedureal levels means it doesn't get old for a long time. My new go-to for after work wind-down. Game pad recommended."
,Recommended,234390,10314509,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,"Dawnbather, Cum Wizard","Teleglitch is one of the most unsettling, difficult, and enjoyable rouge-likes that I've had the pleasure of playing. The curve is immensely steep but definitely worth the climb and I would reccomend this game to anyone looking for at least a moderate challenge."
76561198056375708,Recommended,234390,25287706,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Marcxen,I FOUND OUT THIS GAME IS HARDER THAN MY WALLS.YOU CAN GUESS HOW...HERE'S A HINT: YOU WILL DIE A LOT
,Recommended,234390,10263081,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,…,"One of the few independently developed games I actually like. It's simple and easy to pickup and play. Good assortment of enemies, weapons, and equipment to play with. Not to mention it's available on Linux.If it goes on sale, I'd grab it."
,Recommended,234390,11277216,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wolfman,"This is a fun single player game - imagine that.  Kick♥♥♥♥♥ chew bubblegum, and use the knife when out of bullets."
76561198117326030,Recommended,234390,18280719,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dweest,The graphics of the original GTA with the gameplay of Loaded (if anyone remembers that game) and some extras like crafting. Great little game.
,Recommended,234390,17660212,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,☯ Gary,No matter how good you are some bull**** will always find you.11/10 would die again.
76561198003960234,Recommended,234390,17668648,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Singularity,"Really hard game, but it is addicting in some way.  I like it a lot."
76561198052471232,Recommended,234390,18151514,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,brutaldeluxe09,love it
,Recommended,234390,8789756,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,SwampShaft,"Great challenging game, and my first suggestion: READ THE NAME! After playing this game for a few hours, I found it to be frustrating that I couldn't make any progress! I would get farther in my life each time, but no matter how well I did, I would die and restart from the beginning. Still, a very unique/entertaining game, and I recommend it to those who don't mind constant failure."
76561198051084556,Recommended,234390,7653639,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,HardPenguin,"Roguelike as hell, expect dying many, oh so many times. But this makes the game a very cool, challenging survival game!"
,Recommended,234390,10581796,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dad's Mad,Touched a shifty wall and caused my brain to explode.11/10
76561198044583653,Recommended,234390,18629901,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PietaPizza,"Definitely one of my favorite roguelikes. My first playthrough was amazing and had a very Dark Souls-y feel to it. The atmosphere and difficulty merge into this stressful little adventure that can kill in an instant if you don't pay attention. The game keeps you on your toes through every run, and I love it."
76561198180477613,Recommended,234390,18486074,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,royal t renmus,"Teleglitch is an excellent example of doing more with less. The minimalist graphics really immerse you into the game world, and add to the intense emotions of the game. The gameplay is simple, brutal, addictive, and quite satisfying. The different noises and special effects from the different weapons all have that ""feel."" I have nothing negative to say about this game- You should definitely pick this up!"
,Recommended,234390,13139970,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Vomiting Moose,LEFT FOR DEAD meets HOTLINE MIAMI. 10/10
76561197998407816,Recommended,234390,28727758,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ewan,This is the gaming equivalent of going into a curry house ordering a dish that's just too hot. You say you regret it but secretly you don't because you're filthy animal. You're going to order the same thing next time because you love this feeling of despair and failure.I can't even taste this game but screw you I'm going to sit here and keep playing games like this and whinging about how hard they are.
,Recommended,234390,9116166,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nordeck,In short. Hard core gamers - recommended.
,Recommended,234390,7673843,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,All Glory to the Goddess Aqua,"Quake: The Roguelike. Hard as Hell, very satisfying. Early parts of the game are more survival-horror in nature as you're short on ammo and have to lure mutants into the pulsating 'glitch' blobs to kill them.Then you start getting homemade miniguns and high-powered laser rifles and the like and it becomes more of a straight action game, whilst throwing bigger freaks at you to keep the stakes the same.The graphics may put some off but if you like top-down shooters, extreme difficulty, or the general aesthetics of iD Software's games in their heyday, you'll looooove this."
,Recommended,234390,12257674,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,maddabbo,One of my all time favorits.Great quick fix.aweome style.
76561198131484578,Not Recommended,234390,23303360,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KreamKorn,I dont understand.
76561198029796340,Recommended,234390,8795680,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Neko,Very fun and hard game with a lot of crafting. Though some may not like how it looks like because the wierd shadow but thats the artstile. i love this game as a rogulike player.
76561198018198291,Recommended,234390,10196600,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Akinaba,Захватывающая игра с удивительной атмосферой!
,Recommended,234390,35441221,Posted: 3 October,all,Septlaxer,"Top down survival in a creepy setting, reminiscent of box head zombie shooter games on newgrounds or armourgames, fun but a little stale too quickly.If you can get cheap on sale or are interested in a time waster this game is pretty good at satisfying that need, just don't buy expecting much beyond a top down shooter."
,Recommended,234390,15120217,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"I don't like this game,but I still want to play it. There's not any reason to that,and I'm pretty sure I'll never beat this game. The game itself isn't polished.The graphics sucks,and there isn't any musics which makes me feel like muting the game,even though I need the sounds to locate enemies and such.The gameplay isn't exactly fun.. The first levels there is no challenge but after that there's too much challenge.And that comes from a guy that 100%'d Hotline Miami (Soon the second one) among other games. Difficulty curve became a wallI can see why peoples like this game,and that's why I'm recommending it,but I as one do not like it.Do I regret my purchase,though?No."
,Recommended,234390,7363616,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,TrulySalty,"Let the stress begin! It's time to check your survival skills in this rougelike to end them all, Teleglitch: Die More Edition. I can assure you, you will be dying more! Make sure you have some ammunition on hand, because you WILL be needing it!"
,Recommended,234390,14683657,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
76561198092029204,Recommended,234390,25334652,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Viper,"A real gem of a game. Feels like a mix of Dead Space, Loaded from ps1, Aliens, crossed with the Item collection of Symphony of the night; tons of item play. The game lacks music, but it's fixed easy by playing StarCraft 1 music on your own.The game throws curve balls at you, and also lets you choose which path you take when going in teleporters, so if you've never played before, it gives you a feeling of choice, and facing the unknown.You never know what you'll face so it requires thinking, and good choice making.You can craft things like experemental drugs that make you faster, altar guns into things like full atuo pistols, and also craft things like enemey detectors.But you always need to question... which choice is right for now, and what happens if I'm mobbed.The game starts you out sort of slow, and if you don't watch it, you could get a false sense of security, enter a room, and get mobbed so bad you'll be in a corner dead in seconds.You'll think you're rolling like an ace, then BAM!! wrong place wrong time.There's also a story element that's text based, it's really well done, and mixes modern symbolism; like mentions of people arguing over the best robot types for days on online fourms x,D.And there's the desire to know what the items do; the more you discover the more is added to the data base in menu, and the world at large in game can be uuncovered slowly by using computer terminals in game; stuffs really interesting if you're a reader.There's allot of info in game you can discover that paints a picture of the world and story, and it really does a good job of it; it's never drawn out too much.If you dig mystery, survival, light crafting, and you have stones of brass, get this game.It really is fun, but it pulls no punches, it's a thinking man's game.Craft nail bombs, make stims, or use the explosive to try and get into a secret area? The game will make you question each move you make.Don't give it your all, or don't think hard, and you'll end up dead.Really well done top down survival shooter with a realisitc pace; slow to frantic getting jumpped situations, for those with the stones and mind to brave it."
,Recommended,234390,8179965,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,pickle morty :DD,"I'm not sure if this game was what I wanted it to be, but I enjoyed it quite a bit for time that I played it. First off, the graphics looks like satans ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but the way the lighting looks is pretty neat. Oh my god, the shooting is amazing, the way it feels when you shoot a Rocket Laucher, or cangun is just sweet, the crafting is also incredibly intuitive, but I feel that for me to get drawn into such an experience I need just alittlebit lenience sometimes. The worst thing was getting into level 3 and seeing the same type of enemies, but this time they shot you with guns, when you no time to react. That was pretty frustrating, to be honest. Another thing they could do to make it more interesting is make the checkpoints more accessible, because you pretty much have  to become a master of this game to get to the first checkpoint. That's why I didn't play this game as much as I would've wanted to."
,Recommended,234390,8825150,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,C@tn1p,SO GREAT
,Recommended,234390,8284456,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Facet,"In this game is what I like - is simple, random, dynamic, with exploration etc but something is missing. Dunno, but maybe graphic is too poor for immersion.Is here DEMO, so try it before buy. Without DEMO my reccomendation would be negative, but with demo everythig is clear and fair. Maybe you'll love it, some poeple do."
,Recommended,234390,7372358,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Laco,"Teleglitch is incredible. I can't do it justice in a short description, just like the static screenshots don't do justice to how perfectly the chunky pixel style works in motion. It's dirt cheap, just play it. Hell, if anyone is remotely interested and wants a copy I'll buy it for you."
,Recommended,234390,7378770,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,LOUD CLOUD ☁,"This game is awesome wrapped up in a fun bun. It's just limitless fun - If you love rogue-likes, earlier Resident Evil titles (1-3), dual stick shooters, and/or pixelated games; then you definitely need to pick this game up.(It's true to it's name as well)"
,Recommended,234390,13304392,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,⌈※ΔRΞ∴⌋ DumbparameciuM,"Hard as dried elephant scrotum, and can be just as same-y. However an interesting back story, great visual design, and lovely roguelike elements keep me coming back for more. More of that sweet dried elephant scrotum."
,Recommended,234390,13479883,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dern_Zambies,"I recommend this game if you enjoy it's art style.  Because if you don't, you'll get sick of it fast.  Environments vary little for the first half of the game, and you're going to be stuck there for a while.  I still haven't beaten it, but I like Teleglitch.  I just wish there was more than one kind of environment.Gameplay is frenetic, intense, slow, and crazy in intervals.  The action has a kind of lethal tempo that it's visual style helps accentuate elegantly.  Audio is minimalistic, effective at evoking atmosphere, and occasionally frightening.The game does want to eat you.  Those interested should give it a try if they can catch it on sale, but only veterans of the rogue-like genre should consider it at full price.  /OpinionBottom Line:  I'm personally giving this game a full recommendation.    If you've like what I and others have to say about it, get it."
,Recommended,234390,8700566,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,It's ok
,Recommended,234390,8323375,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lo-fi Longcat,keep one bullet in case you have to off yourself later
76561198101818572,Recommended,234390,14810051,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,a113ethan,I normally don't play shooter games but this game is great! Sci-Fi and Mutants and zombies this is a sweet game.
,Recommended,234390,9072459,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Aaron,"Great game, check it out.Very difficult."
,Recommended,234390,20717448,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Our_Benefactors,"Brutally unforgiving, the opposite of a monty haul, and much more atmospheric than you'd think. Teleglitch is an engrossing ""just one more life"" kind of game which doesn't hold your hand at all. Brilliant design and tense as hell."
,Recommended,234390,15513692,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,five,"Currently my favorite level generator. It's not as hard as people say it is. play it with a controller while listening to the Penumbra OST's for optimal awesomeness. Also the pixelation makes your imagination run wild, unless your brain is boring and you think this is ugly."
76561198025276762,Recommended,234390,13656340,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,RoabertG,Did not expect much. Boy was I wrong!
,Recommended,234390,7727317,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,zingrook,Ad astra per aspera.
76561198074755902,Recommended,234390,19423129,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FinnTheTraitor,I'm so glad i didn't become eaten byplankton10/10
,Recommended,234390,19419541,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lardlad,It's pretty hard
,Recommended,234390,8228420,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gref,"Dark and moody graphical rogue-like. Set in space, you're left to only your wits and fast reflexes to keep you alive.Very interesting take on the genre. Everything occurs in real time and keeps you thinking. Steep learning curve, which is to be expected. You will die but don't be discouraged, it's part of the journey."
,Recommended,234390,8221613,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Raptor,I felt a greater sense of achievement making it to the third level than I did finishing any other game.
,Recommended,234390,7873717,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,comfy skeltal,"I ♥♥♥♥ing HATE this game, and it ♥♥♥♥ing hates me, too.Get it so we can hate it together."
,Recommended,234390,8288831,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ha[b]al snak pack??,"Im not a big fan of retro-styled games. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game amazing. With custom crafting of nearly everything and a wierd diversity of enemies and story, this game adds up to be awesome!"
76561198214810959,Recommended,234390,23599805,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,corydelavega53,"Every 5 minutes so farr, my jaw will drop... It's like clockwork.I'm making guteral animal sounds.When I learned I could make a nailgun, I said WhAAAAAAAAT?Then when I learned I could upgrade that to a DOUBLE BARRLED NAILGUN,I grunted....a Loooooooooong grunt.You want to grunt too.10/10 Must grunt"
76561198235026352,Recommended,234390,31505808,Posted: 2 May,all,porsuk_co,"Half-Life on cataracts. Hard like hell, but that makes the fun of it. Recommended to everyone who doesn't shy away from loads of trial & error runs."
,Not Recommended,234390,10849923,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sartorius,"Difficult for the sake of being difficult, with music sold as DLC."
,Recommended,234390,2051465,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,CueZero,"This is definiteley a game you have to see (and hear) in motion, the simplistic design only lends itself to the intensely dark and solitary atmosphere of the game.The qualities of every aspect of Teleglitch are high, gameplay and challenge especially, but with the element of sound and visual combined it becomes something totally unique and amazing."
,Recommended,234390,21121396,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,5/5P.S. If you are having sound problems under Windows delete 'openal32' in game folderP.P.S. Game works under Trisquel GNU/Linuxwww.trisquel.info
,Recommended,234390,21612929,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,pretty cool dead space theme played in a top down view like hotline miami. no fun with friends. can be spooky
76561198019613034,Not Recommended,234390,14183568,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,farmerjohn,TERRIBLE!
,Recommended,234390,7386132,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Your 45th President,best game ever.
,Recommended,234390,7372118,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"A lone survivor versus hordes of monsters in an unfeeling abandoned corporate nightmare trying to find a way off? ♥♥♥♥ yeah. Careful management of ammo and snap decisions about which weapon to use against the oncoming horde? Also a ♥♥♥♥ yeah. Ambient uneasiness marked by moments of utter pants♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥terror and frantic reloading? Damn right. The only real complaint I have is with the game's decision to run the entire thing in what I call 'software mode', because it is uuuuugly, even from an artistic standpoint. Other than that, I am glad this game found a publisher and got onto Steam, because it is an ugly little gem of a game."
,Recommended,234390,10186505,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Xtortion,This is a really good game and I play it a lot sometimes.
,Recommended,234390,9413221,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SneakyJoe.ru,"If you like suffering, this game is for you. Just make sure to play it without background music."
76561198080924651,Recommended,234390,8261963,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,kristoffon,"An underrated gem, it's like old-school top-down DOOM (only without the saving). I only wish there was more of this, or a level editor. Deathmatch would be awesome, but alas we must be content with single player which is great."
,Recommended,234390,8354531,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ruckus,"This game is amazing. I haven't been able to put it down since I got it, and I'm still not past level 3."
,Recommended,234390,8213838,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,bongineer,"Graphics leave much to be desired, but the gameplay is solid and so are the controls.  Atmosphere gives way to more than a few tense moments.  Worth the few bucks for admission."
,Recommended,234390,8243828,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rat,This game has a very unique feel to it. worth the money!
76561198087186278,Recommended,234390,8313442,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rathguard,"This game brings me back to when I was a kid playing contra for the first time, no mercy no forgiveness, overwhelming odds and a whole lot of delicious stress...  Im glad that there are people making games that I have to actually strategize and think to get to the end."
,Recommended,234390,8209072,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,LCom,"Very good, high tension rouge-like survival horror twin-stick Dungeon crawler. More complex and thoughtful than something like Binding of Issac, but still simple enough that it plays well on a controller. Ballancing health items, ammo, swarm control, and knife fights builds some really extreme tension, while also feeling like something that you can master so maybe one day you won't have to scrape every single room for all the resources you can get your hands on. Then again, there's a number of unique items that you can find and craft, so you'll probably keep searching anyway.Really hard, but really satisfying, with enough story fluff, and simple enough to jump into. Good to keep around for times between other big games."
76561198042074548,Recommended,234390,8224226,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Giagganaut,"If Hotline Miami, Doom and Diablo were thrown into a blender - this is what you would get. An excellent indie game."
76561198071421958,Recommended,234390,10235847,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,eternal jape,"Dark souls:Die More EditionTeleglitch:DIE MORE EDITIONA roguelike topdown shooter with randomly generated levels and references from the 80s, the game can get scary at some times.Oh, and this game is hard.Oh, and this game is brutal.Oh, god, it's harder than dark souls.This is such a bundle of tears, and fun."
,Recommended,234390,25272241,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,southrnLines,"Simple, unique, fast, fun. I let this one sit in my library for far too long and it's easily the best rogue-like I've touched since BOI. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,234390,10862312,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"Get ready to die, and die many times. This game is much like many turn-based 'roguelike' games in many ways, but it's real-time and not grid based! Accuracy is very important. Weapons and ammo can be hard to find. Get used to using your knife! Enemies run around in a wacky unpredictable manner which makes them difficult to hit, and you really can't afford to miss very often because ammo is scarce. You can also run into large groups of enemies which sucks when all you have is your knife. Items can be combined in some cases, allowing for a minimal crafting aspect of the game.The only thing I don't like about this game is that the controls are a little bizarre and take some getting used to, but it is possible to get used to them and there is a training level to help with that.Graphics are simple, but very fast and smooth.Yes, you should buy this game if you like roguelikes and want one with real-time action type gameplay."
,Recommended,234390,16354972,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,OffendedLego,I shot some crabs and then i wars sad so i killed myselfs with  dynamiots. I dont like shooting carbs so I started over and I said Hi crabs! the crabs stertead to chaesed me so I runs away. then I saw an ugly man that wanted a hug. I got angry so I threws dynamoites against the wells and I found a bunch of cans.10/10 would shoot carbs again
,Recommended,234390,12367755,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Donut,"Fun game, cheap and fast paste. Like pasta paste, I really recommend it to anyone who has not enough money to buy other games. (like me)10/10 would bang AND buy again."
,Recommended,234390,12380884,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tobi,Killed a horde of zombies with a pink 20mm cannon. not a bad game.
76561197961986485,Recommended,234390,12710653,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chunderfield,"Jesus mother Mary and Jospeph this game is ween-punchingly ruthless. The curse words you'll discover yourself shouting will likely offend your neighbours. Much fun, great challenge, ever replayable."
76561198064142762,Recommended,234390,12377005,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Matsukaze,game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay is where its at on this one.must buy for anyone who likes fallout or end of world type of games.
76561197998145359,Recommended,234390,11323165,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,[Red][Bash],Nice little game it has solid gameplay its fun to play and its hard.
76561197973080662,Recommended,234390,10884165,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Stenk,"Unlike other games of its kind, Teleglitch does not propose amazing soundtracks or nice pixels. But it's probably one that goes straight to the point.It's hard, very hard, you can call it the Dark Souls of Indy games since you won't succeed easily. Moreover, the atmosphere is creepy and somehow scary.Background is rather interesting and content is huge: plenty of items to craft and combine so that your equipment fits to your play style and monsters.Get it!"
76561198045361359,Recommended,234390,29968304,Posted: 16 February,all,crispyfish,Hotline Miami + Doom = Teleglitch
,Recommended,234390,15016129,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");","two m-chips and two-""medkit25"" or two m-chips and one-""medkit50"". Thats what makes this game awesome."
,Recommended,234390,25321224,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,13€ game. nice.
,Recommended,234390,7535393,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Crusoe,"'You have died.'Ultra difficult permadeath rougelike, with a low-fi style and a claustrophobic feel and an excellent line of sight mechanic.Not for the casual or easily frustrated.Save ammo for the first two levels and remember when weilding your knife: you are left handed.'You have died.' Be prepared to see this message a lot."
,Recommended,234390,20787197,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bag_of_BOnes,Unforgivingly difficult and intense.
76561198039285780,Recommended,234390,9091110,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Verotus \:D/,♥♥♥♥! Shhhhit.... God damn it... Ok let's start again. damnhordeofshootingmutantzombies...5/5
,Recommended,234390,21045408,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Raddok,"This game is extremely easy......until level 4. Once you reach level 4, you WILL throw your computer out the window from the BS of getting instantaneously mowed down by a group of 15 pistol/SMG weilding zombies.♥♥♥♥/10 would commit laptop homicide again"
,Recommended,234390,22241922,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lonelywolf,"As of writing this, I've not 'won' the game. I have made it to the final boss once. I first saw this game on a youtube playthrough, and quite enjoyed watching the mechanics and such of the game. I forgot about it after that, and about a year later, thanks to the steam que, it showed up on the store. I freaked and instantly bought it. Do I recommend impulse buying? No. Fired the game up, blam. Dead in about the first five minutes. Instantly ran a second run. Doubled survival time. And I continued from there.Should you get this game? It depends. Have you ever played dark souls? Imagine that, but jump the difficulty from butt-hurt to insanely-borderlying impossible. Yes, if you think dark souls was hard.... Second, there is no option to modify the difficulty. I'm sure you could mod the starting gear to give you an advantage, but other than that, if you don't like games that are near impossible, don't buy this. It will frustate you to no end and make you want to return it if you aren't into that kind of thing. If you are into insane learning curves and massively difficult gameplay, then you will enjoy this. I've only encountered one bug, and that is sometimes upon startup it will freeze, in which case simply restart it. It runs smooth enough for me and I find the atmosphere and story compelling and interesting.TL;DR, Buy if you like dark soulsX10, don't buy if you get butthurt easy. Wonderful game and I love it. Would recommend to anyone."
76561197973300271,Recommended,234390,15631397,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,I go back and forth on the visuals sometimes I like them other times I wish they werent so dingy and washed out though thats really part of the world you're in.  This is probably the most intense rogue like i've ever played enemies come out of nowhere and swarm you and you're always hearing unsettling noises.  The way the top down view works with the 3d like obstructions like the walls and stuff block your vision is cool looking and also hides enemies and stuff until you walk past.The action is pretty satisfying in spite of what it is(8bit violence).Can gun.
,Recommended,234390,7373054,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ChexGuy,A challenging (and frustrating) roguelike with an amazing atmosphere. It's like a cross between DOOM and System Shock.
,Recommended,234390,23091866,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,sticky,it's hard
,Recommended,234390,10240618,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jachymor,"Heavily wounded and with no medpacks left at all, you are making it to the teleporter. You have the choice between the heavy weapons testing area or the tech department. You figure the labs are probably the safer route. You enter the teleporter, it makes a big woosh, and you leave the teleporter at the other end. Before you can even start checking your surroundings, two big zombies with miniguns gun you down in a matter of seconds. Welcome to Teleglitch!"
,Recommended,234390,13414905,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Ok this was a very interesting game. The name says: Die More. Well, you won't die more, you will die MUCH more. I had 130 hours in Dark Souls and as many in Dark Souls 2, but both game were EASY compared to the stress level this one gives. You may never know what is behind a corner. Problem is, you will never respawn nor have a save to repeat that place. In fact, the levels are random. If in Dark Souls you would know the level by memory after some deaths, here you just experience a new level every time you die. And you die a lot. There are some 'checkpoints' meaning that if you reach a certain level (there are 10 levels) you have the possibility to start from 2 levels before (e.g. reach level 5? you can then start from the 3rd without having to start all over from the first). That sounds easy, but I was literally not able to reach level 7 (and thus be able to start from level 5).6 Hours in this game is not a lot at all. I guess to really be able to complete the game you have to spend much more. And die much more than I did. I liked the game a lot, but it simply needs a concentration and patience I do not have in these days. I have lots of games to play, and not so much free time so I'll have to pass on this demanding and almost stressful title. Maybe I will play it again in the future. In the meantime, I can only recommend this particular game, I cannot compare it to anything else, it reminded me a bit of the difficulties encountered in the Dark souls games, but it still is VERY different obviously. 85/100 would be my rating, despite having played it not that long. It is surely a nice little gem. Have fun with it (or have none, lol)."
,Recommended,234390,19608596,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lexolotl,"If you enjoy the pain and suffering of constantly getting screwed over by your own mistakes, then you're probably insane. This game is brutal; it loves to get your hopes up with a good build and overabundant amounts of ammo and health kits and then immediatly remind you that you're about as tough as a heated butter and die instantly. Altogether, a great rougelike for anyone looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,234390,20634523,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mr. Samsa,This game is like fine art. Some will like it and some wont.Teleglitch doesnt try to be anything except what it is. A tense shooter survival game with light crafting. The story isnt exactly fresh but it is original enough to not warrant criticism. If you cant be bothered to use your brain while you shoot things look elsewhere.
76561198174644946,Recommended,234390,31060968,Posted: 10 April,all,[JustMe] Cucumber,"At the time of this articles writing, I only played half an hour of Teleglitch. And I already have made my mind up about this game. It is in my top five favorite games ever. I have been playing games since I was a toddler. This game may be diffcult, but it is amzaing. The pixel graphics are superb. The controls are flawless and unique. The levels designs are some of the best I have ever seen. Play Teleglitch. I promise you will love it."
,Recommended,234390,31089218,Posted: 11 April,all,RAIZO,"The name pretty much says it all. You will die....a lot...............and then you'll continue to die more times than you can count.  Teleglitch is fun-ish and the ability to craft weaponry and various items is somewhat unique for a top down shooter. Also, it's highly pixelated and retro and that's almost always a good thing + plus you get to kill mutants, zombies and robots (you know you love doing that in games).After 9 hours and unlocking just over 50% of the achivements I realize that I'll never beat this game and that I've accomplished just about all I'll ever be able to do with it.It's a good game for what it is.........but it's also kind of horrible. You should get it, or don't, but seriously you should get it  :]"
76561197980237591,Recommended,234390,31090337,Posted: 11 April,all,death-cult-devotion,the game is good. challanging and involves skill but does feel a little unbalanced at times. its frusterating but fun and makes me want to push through and beat it.
76561198010001199,Recommended,234390,31183874,Posted: 16 April,all,LazyKennedy,"Play the demo give u a good idea what 2 expect, save system is only if u beat the level and does not save when u exit-Kinda inconvient. I like this game it's not a bad buy just expect a moderate learning curve and the difficulty of Darkest Doungeon and Darksouls pluse ninja gaiden black (the good ninja gaiden). Buy fullprice or on a deal U can't go wrong with this game."
76561197982726178,Recommended,234390,10213345,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Xofek,A pixelated topdown survival/shooter that somehow manages to be more immersive than any other game in recent memory.
,Recommended,234390,32954440,Posted: 28 June,all,ケツを食ベる,"I love this game and I think everyone has to play this, too bad it's gone under the radar."
76561198069671650,Recommended,234390,7810880,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cucumbas,one of the best zombie games i've ever played. this is one of those games that remminds you why so many people are trying to make zombie games
76561198389930731,Recommended,234390,33822116,Posted: 26 July,all,CamouflageTree,Great Game I Bought It On Sale And Its Awesome! But Also Frustrating Dont Buy If Your A Rage-Quit. Five Stars
,Recommended,234390,8222520,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,EyeOfRa,smeagul...gollum
,Recommended,234390,9622509,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,What a goddamn unfun game the moment you get to level 3...Still would recommend 8/10 fun as hell.
76561197988974802,Not Recommended,234390,21960204,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,IronWood,"I used to play equaly well programed games,on my Comodore C16 that was 24 years ago. (Yes, i know im old)If you want to have an view on the days of 5 1/4"" disks.Its good for one level, it was an present in an packagebut in my opinion its not worth the time installing.Wont spend money on it any how!!!!"
,Recommended,234390,16083851,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,Keeping this really short!TELEGLITCH is a fun roguelike but it has some flaws:+Fun innovative roguelike-mashup (roguelike + twinstick shooter)+interesting lore+great atmosphere+beautiful visuals-may to less randomization-crafting is unnecessary-lack of ammo is always the problem + way to less ammo-sometimes unfair enemy layout
,Recommended,234390,22902658,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VaruunKaruk,"GL BYWHFD(Good Luck, Because You Won't Have Fun Dying)"
,Recommended,234390,15779432,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FBueller,"One of those gems that could only be found on PC, brutally difficult but fair, with a tense atmosphere and gameplay that makes you cherish and save every bullet found. Every new level is an achievement in this game, and death is just around the corner, which makes it even more interesting and invites you to perfect your skills as the only way to progress.10/10"
,Recommended,234390,28101318,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Baltez,"Do you like rogue-like games? Do you enjoy hard games like Gradius or Dark Souls? Can you live with pixelgraphic and no real story? Than this game might be something for you!PROs:+The graphics work just fine for its purpose.+The gameplay is really harsh and doesn't tell you anything. So you have to figure out almost all by yourself or look it up in a guide(which I recommend when you give up easily. That way you can still enjoy a little bit more of it). The weapons are ok.+Atmosphere is superb! The User Interface works really fine. The sound and difficulty push your stress level really high at times.CONs:-The gameplay is really harsh and doesn't tell you anything.(-Repetitivity: Since it's a rogue-like game it shouldn't be here, since it's more of a feature. But I just wanted to point it out for people who don't really know what rogue-like means. You die a lot, like really alot in the beginning and have to play the same levels over and over again. And yes the map is always different but the features on the map are mostly the same(like the type of enemys or items you find in a specific level). I think I played aroung 20-25h until I got everything. At the end I just wanted to finish it already...)--That is no game for people who don't like rogue-like titles.I think it has its nichè in his genre but I never really got warm with it and can only recommend it to fans of rogue-like games or people who like hard games in general like Super meat boy(or others).  Since I don't know anybody in my vicinity whom I could encourage to play it, I would like to give it no recommandation, but on the other hand not everyone will even look at the title so here you are!"
76561198063358168,Recommended,234390,22211376,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,_Lich,Die alot.
76561198027295819,Recommended,234390,23670979,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jcscarlett10,"It's not hard, it's just difficult."
76561198181055749,Recommended,234390,15546527,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,rmpp.mobile,"This is a very original game, I love the chuncky smooth graphics.There is only one problem I am a casual gamer and this game is very hard... If you are this type of gamer that plays all the games in the easiest seetting just to play something interesting and see the story develop....you will be bery frustated. Note that this game has no saves... you need tor each level 5 to be able to restart on level 3..... I understand what they are going for, you will be really afraid to die and you even panic, but if this is due from fear of repetion and frutation... and it is a killjoy for me.I will be honest, I like this game but I have reached level 3 and am going to put this one down.... There should be an easy setting... and for me to fully enjoy a baby setting... this is how some of us like these games.Please make an easy level.... a baby easy level....."
76561197987872325,Recommended,234390,9827260,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Lemartes,"If you like rougelikes or games you can take at your own pace you're probably going to enjoy this one. It's like Crimsonland but as an adventure. Really, really fun."
76561198115829784,Recommended,234390,25861533,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,frank2351,"full price too high, on sale it's alright. Don't pay more than 5 bucks."
76561197964953430,Recommended,234390,33999285,Posted: 3 August,all,Ninja Kitten,"It is a cruel, harsh, unforgiving mistress and you will it love for it."
76561197998574692,Not Recommended,234390,12713797,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Zef,"Difficult to understand, difficult to play... poor controls."
,Not Recommended,234390,31080053,Posted: 11 April,all,Taureor,"My negative recommendation has nothing to do with how fun the game is etc.The thing is, it has very... unique graphics. Pixel style + very fast movement + lighting = an actual terrible headache for me. I'm not usually affected by games in this way, but this time I was. If you are not affected by this sort of thing, by all means, try it out, it seemed fun enough."
76561197990080937,Not Recommended,234390,23561794,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,A Phooph!,"The game is alright.. I got it for 3 dollars, so my opinion is mildly biased.Pros---------- Cool graphics.- Cool creation system.- Enemies are cool enough for what the game tries to be.- Very unique compared to the usual 8-bit games.- Clever use of randomly found objects like 'nailboxes' and 'tubes' to create and do certain things.- Sound effects feel professionally done and very, very immersive.Cons---------- Is done through a level system, not an open world, which this type of game SHOULD be.- Items are super, super tough to see and pick up. You track back through areas a few times just trying to find them.- Highlighted objectives are poorly highlighted. Makes seeing them difficult.- Menu and HUB feels super amateur and poorly done.- Game is very annoying to try to get in to at first. I died to a wall that was just waving colors and had 0 idea it was somehow supposed to be an enemy. Everything else isn't insta-death, but the wall was.- Some sounds are VERY, VERY annoying to the point where you hate being in certain areas. There's 'factory-like' settings with huge machinery, and while the sound effects are really good, some are just scratching noises or VERY loud machine-like noises that actually make it sound really, really unpleasant and loud. Too much of a good thing becomes a bad thing.- The graphics lose their appeal after a little bit and make the game feel kind of annoying when 90% of your screen is actually just black all the time. It makes environments more immersive but makes it feel cluttered and claustrophobic almost for the player. Again, too much of a good thing becomes a bad thing.- Little variety with graphics and/or settings.- NOT a $13.99 game whatsoever.Overall the game is good. Is it great? No. Does it have its problems? Many, maybe even more so than positives, but overall there will be people that will find it good. If you're a ""sensitive"" gamer like I am who gets irritated by unordinary things like super bright weird colors shooting across your screen randomly, weird sound effects that just sound really unpleasant, a poorly done minimalist HUD, etc etc, then sit this one out. If you're more casual and can handle a bit of annoyance, go for it, but buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,234390,2228515,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,granderojo,"Welcome to the truth of our world: A massive seed shot out to the stars, filled with deadly children. A seed designed to slay everything it touches."
,Not Recommended,234390,14378074,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jams,id like this game more if it didnt have 4 pixel characters. I can't tell the difference between enemies and I do not like the difficulty being so god damn high.
76561197970676461,Not Recommended,234390,10188309,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Oranthal_J_Simpson,"Too ♥♥♥♥ing, ♥♥♥♥ing hard."
,Recommended,234390,17269681,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,cguy21,Im not good at reviewing so im just gonna do a pros and cons.Pros:Creepy AtmosphereScary as crap. For example you could be alone in a room and here an enemy coming towards you from another room opening doors and things like that.AI is VERY smart. Will some at you from the entire map and will circle around you instead of running straight towards you to keep from getting hit.A horror game with NO JUMPSCARES. (Accept for the boss on level 6)Solid controlsGood GunplayCons:VERY HARD: Aimed at hardcore rougelike veterains looking for a challenge.No saving until you reach level 5just a bit too hard for my likingOverview: Teleglitch is a very fun rougelike game and I would reccomend it to any rougelike/Horror fans though its a bit too hard for me lol
76561198028615865,Not Recommended,234390,18650905,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's bad
76561198045729781,Recommended,234390,23929578,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Frank Reynolds,.
,Recommended,234390,10343706,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,crowbar,6/10its a fun game but not worth the money. Get it for under 5€. It doesnt have enough variety to keep you engaged for a long time so it got boring quickly but we have atleast arena mode now.
76561198014430856,Not Recommended,234390,25898674,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Loup Gargou,"after 10 min, my eyes were bleeding. And after 20 min i felt dizzy.The visuals are more aggressive than the gameplay itself"
,Not Recommended,234390,10076964,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BetreutesWohnenTobias,"There is a dirty word for your lower back (3 letters, starts with an a and ends with two s) which Valve censores in game reviews. Take this and search for a hole in it, and you shall know what this game is."
,Not Recommended,234390,7341790,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Special,"Avoid! My recommendation is to avoid it even at the 75% discount cost, which feels about full price for something like this(Hint: This is a 0.99$ game you get in a bundle).This game is Hack, Slash, Loot under a different coat of paint so if you did for some reason love HSL then by all means pick this one up. For those who don't know what HSL is, It's a rogue-like, but without any of the tricks and strategy that goes into beating other rogue-likes. In other rogue-likes you might die because you got careless, forgot something or just didn't know any better, but H,S,L will kill you just because F@#% You, it's a terrible game that can be summed up with just a few words, unfun RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Back to this game. There is no playing smart, no strategizing with this one, you either have a gun with ammo or you don't because you couldn't find one, but too bad about not finding one because the mobs running at you don't care. The only way to progress though this game is to bash your head against a brick wall over and over again until the RNG smiles down upon you and you some how managed to make it past the level 1-5 floors you kept dying on and you got past level 5, which now lets you start at level 3, repeat head bashing over and over again for floors 3-7 until the RNG smiles on you and you somehow manage to beat level 7 which will let you start a new game at level 5 this time, repeat once again for floors 5-9 and 7-10 until you can finally beat level 10 and finish this POS.It also auto deletes saves because it's a rogue-like and we can't allow save scumming in a single player game, which is fine I guess but unfortunately the game has crashed on me twice now after beating a level which has deleted my save, so you might also want to consider holding off until some bug fixing patches first.It's an incredibly shallow rogue-like, and after an hour of play you'll feel like you've basically seen everything the game has to offer save some special bosses. At 3.25$ (never mind the laughable 12.99 regular price, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what were they thinking) it's just to much to ask for, for this copy/paste floor design for 10 levels game that adds a ton of aggravating♥♥♥♥♥♥to it that makes it overall unfun to play, just like with H,S,L.Buy a good cup of coffee instead."
76561198056735635,Not Recommended,234390,10293974,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,daimenblack,Demo Didn't work. Had to purchase to try game. Then i found out the horrible truth is still present: NO REFUNDS!
,Recommended,234390,8667923,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ZachDaniel,"I really REALLY wanted to like this game.  I love the way it looks and I enjoy the actual gameplay.  I thrive on difficulty and challenge.  This game, however, is not falsely advertising.  You will die more.  The game will literally never give you what you need to survive more than 2 or three levels.  Maybe I'm just getting too old for this, but the amount of dying I was doing without gaining any skills was too frusterating.  Which would be okay, but it's really not fun to die on level one 50 times in a row and not be given the tools to survive.I'm not saying it's a bad game.  But it's sure not for me.  I wish I could give my copy away so maybe someone else can enjoy it, because I don't even want to own this game anymore.[EDIT]After the new rebalancing patch I have to change my tune.  This game now has a more appropriate difficulty curve that is both challenging, and encourages improvment and continued gameplay by letting you get past the first couple levels with less death-swarms, and more resources.I'd like to thank the developers for making me feel like I spent money on a game I can now enjoy much more consitently."
,Not Recommended,234390,13439128,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jayxan,"Garbage. Dont waste your time or money. The unlocks are nothing but text unlocks on a board, the items you find are boring, the enemies are boring. There is no leveling system. Steer clear."
,Recommended,234390,7795223,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ZIGS,dope♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,234390,12591891,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Myogoblin,9.5/10 Good Game
,Not Recommended,234390,10347317,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Danila Senko,Game crashed during my successful playthrough.I am really mad.
,Not Recommended,234390,24644238,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kome360,"Yeah, this game SUCKS.The crafting system is too broken to be fun, so any attempt to build a zombie-butchering weapon or at least some ammunition usually results in consuming your already scarce inventory, thereby making you an easier target for the zombies once your ammo runs out, which usually results in death because you don't have good enough ammo. So basically, it sucks because the odds are stacked against you from the start, but personal skill and intelligence don't help very much.Maybe if this game had proceedurally generated maps, it would be fun. But instead, you're stuck in the same level desperately trying to make every shot count. Which you usually can't."
76561198053247793,Recommended,234390,7339223,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,x.art2012,absolutely recommend: )
76561198030611848,Not Recommended,234390,23629751,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DonPerignon,"This game is not bad, But where is music? I wanna that track from market video!"
,Not Recommended,234390,12414882,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I have tried getting into this about three times. I am certain I will try again - but until then, I gotta say this was not my finest purchase. Artwork and ambience are awesome, but controls and randomness of how things play out is debatably bad. I heard that earlier builds of this game were far superior.I don't know what it is but I have a hard time getting into this."
,Recommended,234390,516487,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Ulaxes,"Excellent and damn hard game! Like a topdown procedural generated quake with crafting.Once you get past the very simple and glitchy graphics, you'll find a surprisingly deep and atmospheric game with great shooting."
76561198117230907,Recommended,234390,10204061,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TacticalGrease,"Best platformer game I have played so far! (Havent played to many though) Has a interesting story to find and piece together, scary noises and fun in general. If you have spare cash lying around get this game!"
76561198059516662,Recommended,234390,10204711,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,BearDance,"If you like Hotline Miami, Darksouls, and Dead Space this game will be great for you.Great risk reward playstyle, brutally difficult.Die, learn from death, and Die More"
76561198040840651,Recommended,234390,10205099,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,weaseltree19,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥highly recommended to all my boys
76561197961099398,Recommended,234390,10206577,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,B!shop,"This game is awesome!!!Pros:1. Explosions are epic cool2. Wicked weapon noises and effects3. Solid challenging game play (unforgiving - little room for error)4. None linear5. Simple fast and extremely enjoyable6. Graphics are perfect!7. Other reviews cover them..Cons:1. I want more2. No multiplayer (yet- i hope)Hat off to the small Dev team, this is an excellent game. Thank you!"
,Recommended,234390,10242130,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,มนากร,Teleglitchเกมนี้สนุกไหม? ผมตอบได้ว่าสนุกตัวเกมเป็นเกม survive เอาชีวิตรอดไปให้ได้ไกลที่สุดเท่าที่จะทำได้แต่! ตัวเกมยากมาก! และเกมนี้ไม่มีระบบ multiplayerนั้นหมายความว่าคุณก็จะเล่นไปเรื่อย ๆ กับความยากนั้นแต่เพียงผู้เดียว.. ไม่มีใครสามารถช่วยคุณได้ตัวเกมไม่มีเซฟใด ๆ ทั้งสิ้น.. ทุกครั้งที่คุณเล่น.. คุณต้องเล่นต่อไปเรื่อย ๆครั้งต่อไปคือการเริ่มใหม่เท่านั้นและทุกครั้งที่เริ่มใหม่ ด่านทั้งหมดจะถูกสร้างแบบ random .. ทำให้แต่หละครั้งมันไม่ได้เหมือนกัน!! คุณจะหาทางออกไม่เจอเหมือนเดิมผมเล่นมาก็หลายรอบ.. ผมก็ไม่สามารถผ่านมันไปได้ไกลจนสามารถปลดล๊อคด่านได้ดังใจและผมก็มองไม่เห็นด้วยว่าจะผ่านมันไปได้ยังไงจุดเด่นที่ผมชอบของเกมนี้.. คือการนำโมเดล ๓d มาเสริมภาพเล็ก ๆ ที่เรียกว่า dot pixelทำให้ตัวเกมแนวมาก! มุมมองแบบนี้เรียกได้ว่าไม่เคยเห็นจากเกมใหนมาก่อนแหว๋กสุด ๆเกมมีระบบคราฟไอเทมด้วย! ตรงนี้ผมว่าเด็ดเลย มีปืนมากมายให้ใช้.. และยังเอามามิกกันเป็นปืนใหม่ ๆ ให้เราได้สนุกเพิ่มขึ้น.. แต่ปัญหามันอยู่ที่ไม่มีกระสุนให้ใช้มากกว่า ๕๕โดยรวมผมเรียกว่าสนุกแต่ถ้าไม่ว่างจริง ๆ ก็คงไม่กดเล่นเกมนี้.. เพราะมันยากบรมเหลือเกิน
76561197998413285,Recommended,234390,10243317,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Paul Mall S.W.A.T.,"For $12.99? Maybe not so great, for $4.42 a fantastic deal. Many games like this have little to no story but Teleglitch makes an attempt to have more then just run and shoot. The graphics as you can see are nothing special but it doesn't take away from the fun. The game also is scarce on ammo so you will need to work on aim and timed attacks to make it to the end.Overall I would say go ahead and buy the game when it is on sale, it isn't a grand master piece but it is worth the small amount that you otherwise may spend on a soda or ice cream cone."
76561197996592701,Recommended,234390,10259843,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TK-421,"This game is great! I was unsure at first because of the pixelated graphics, but that really adds to the horror of the game. I think my favorite aspect though is how you can only see where your character can, such as you can not see on the other side of pillars until you walk around them making it rough when low on health. This was a really awesome thing to add to a top down shooter.Great job on the game devs, well done!"
,Recommended,234390,10234361,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Rustvaar,Terrifying isolationalist Hell. Like Doom meets the original GTA; Teleglitch delivers a combination of sci-fi terror with an adrenaline packed dose of run-and-gun action. Aid your survival by crafting new and more brutal weapons on the fly in order to maintain an edge over your enemies and escape the horrors of Medusa 1-C.
,Recommended,234390,10235613,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Nemont,"A game made with love, and lots of fun to play. Zombie games have been done to death, but this game makes me happy."
,Recommended,234390,10239878,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,_Qazax_,"If you like old skool type games this is one of the best. It mixes the 8bit style with glitchy analogue old tv style effects which go so well with the graphics style.Be warned it is very hard and only saves progress every chaper... I have yet to complete the first chapter which consists of 5 levels. 3 is the best I can do so far, but there are also arenas to play with so it doesnt get boring."
76561197965838385,Recommended,234390,10387506,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,coldsteel,"Current6/8/2014The game runs smooth. Grate controls. Challenging, I don't feel like I can predict the outcome every time I attempt to beat the levels which is nice!The ammo is kinda scarce and this make the game more real. I get a feeling of being deserted all alone in a laboratory on another planet with these biological organisms running amok.-----------------------Older post: 6/7/2014Got stuck in tut while reading something about doors. I started a new game. and the message about doors is all the loaded up. The game got stuck on that and does nothing else after.Will update soon..."
76561198022511491,Recommended,234390,10395061,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,legocam96,"If you wanted a game that will make you throw your computer across the room, yet keep coming back to it, this is the game for you. It will take multiple runs to get through the game but it is worth it. Great game!!"
76561197991611696,Recommended,234390,10349912,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mr_Dole,fun reminds me of gta2 a little bit. so all and all worht the money i paid for it.
76561197990079116,Recommended,234390,10229569,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Newblood,Die More...More Addictive you are >_< !!!it worthwhile :)
,Recommended,234390,10372639,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Johnny Jorts,"this game will cause you PAIN. you watch the trailer. ""doesn't look too hard,"" you say to yourself.WRONG.the first level should be a breeze. okay.second level should ramp it up a bit; be ready.third level should hold your first death. it should hold a number of your many imminent deaths.level four is a serious challenge, but passable.level five should hold the greatest number of your deaths, at least for a while.past that, good luck."
76561198062791326,Recommended,234390,10340831,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,enzyme,This is survival horror done right!  Brutally hard but addictive enough to keep coming back.  Very nice twin stick shooting controls.  Learn to knife.Check the play time... fully recommended!
76561198090519816,Recommended,234390,10341312,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"Difficult = yes. Teleglitch is an incredibly hard and challenging game. Its challenging enough to make you scream and stomp, yet not quit. Teleglitch has many cheap traps and insta-kill moments, not to mention the overpowered enemies that spawn like insects. The largest struggle is to conserve ammo while trying to not get your health destroyed.Honestly, this game's difficulty makes it so good, the best part is the Perma-death, because you cannot simply go back and try the same scenario over and over again.Not to often I give a 10/10, but this one earned it. Well done Teleglitch devs, even if you are the cause of my rage towards your game."
,Recommended,234390,9944150,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,glitch out my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,234390,1659315,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,LOADING.[].,"♥♥♥겜인줄 알았는데 계속 해보니 재밌다.탑뷰 슈팅 좋아하고,난이도 높은 게임 좋아하고,게임 그래픽 별로 신경 안쓰면 구매할만함."
76561198050789432,Recommended,234390,10028018,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ChefCat,"This game is really..... really hard.It is not just to play it and finish, you have to work hard to finish it.you die alot... i mean alot, and when you die you die.9/10 Recommend"
,Recommended,234390,7550731,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Good Cop,"Unexpectedly deep and intense as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, you will die."
,Recommended,234390,381400,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Darwin,"It's a rogue-like top down shooter with retro but amazing at the same time graphics, the music, sfx, and animation all come together to make you feel fear and the story is cryptic and creepy enough to make you want to get further and further with each passing game, you're missing out if you don't play this at least once...twice, or a few dozen times."
76561198074175683,Recommended,234390,7427685,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Cephalopod,"Story: 2/5The story is very minimal. Basically, you're stuck on another planet, blah blah blah, blah blah. A little more of the story is revealed through computers, but it isn't very deep. On a more positive note the gameplay makes up for it.Gameplay: 4/5Teleglitch is a top-down shooter that doesn't really play like a top-down shooter. You are often stuck with little or no ammo. The controls could've been better, but they are sufficient. The inventory can get on your nerves at times, as you have too much stuff to carry and too little room. It also has a small crafting system, but you are often left without sufficient supplies. Teleglitch is a rougelike. The difficlty is frustrating, but every time you die, you always come back to Teleglitch, thinking you can make it to the next level.Graphics: 5/5The art style is minimalistic, but amazing. The environments look old and rusty, like you would expect from an abondoned military complex.Sound: 5/5The sound is one of my favorite parts. The entire game is filled with empty silence, except for the sound of your shoes hitting the ground and the monsters attacking you. It makes you feel like you are there.Total: 16/20"
76561197991828505,Recommended,234390,7353879,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,juicebox,"Teleglitch is an intense game. It packs the story and thrills/chills of Doom 3 and the top down insanity of Smash TV into a visually retro title that is as relentless as it is fun. The fact that they have titled this update the Die More Edition is telling. You will die.... a lot.Another great aspect of the game is it's nod to roguelikes. While there is a linear progression to the story, each time you play the various levels will be altered. Unlike some of the fps horror games like Doom3, this means that surprises will actually surprise you after your first couple plays.Don't let the blocky graphics fool you however, the game comes complete with incredible kinetic effects (mainly through the firing of your various weapons) and an intensely tight control system. It also has a beautifully simple crafting system that gives just a little bit more to that feeling of hopelessness while you die, and die again."
,Recommended,234390,8367937,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TANTRIC SUICIDE,"If Doom were a top down 'GTA 1/2 style' roguelike, then this is the game we would all fondly remember from the 90's.Since it wasn't though, you'll just have to make do and buy this now.Protip: You're going to want to get good at using the knife."
76561198087328856,Recommended,234390,10251008,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,"This game keeps you on your toes to say the least. Teleglitch is frusturating, terriying, and teeth grindingly difficult, but about as fun as fun gets. The story is decent, but the gameplay is were Teleglitch hits its home run. Teleglitch is about one of the hardest games I have ever layed my hands on, but in a good way. I feel like most games these days, are so easy you can fust fly right through them. Teleglitch is a differant story. You're constantly on the edge of you seat, watching every corner of the screen for hordes of monsters, and you're CONSTANTLY running into seemingly immpossible scenerios. Ammo is scarce, monsters are plentiful, and there are always more surprises waiting to brutually murder you. The pure thrill and adrenaline of fighting bosses is like nothing i've ever felt before. It brought me back to the good old days when games were actually HARD. The pure feeling of relief that is recieved when you finially triumph over the boss, or when you finially escape the level, is equally awsome. Teleglitch is a definate must have for people looking for a challenge, and I would recoment it to anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,234390,10176756,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kepz,"Teleglitch is a hardcore top down shooter roguelike that will put your skills, and sanity, to the test. Set on a planet owned by a military/science conglomerate where a terrible accident has caused AI controlled beings to go haywire, horrific monsters from other dimensions to appear, and the whole place to be rearranged randomly, you find yourself out of supplies and no longer able ot wait for rescue, you have to find the teleporter home and get off this nightmare planet. Teleglitch is one of the most difficult roguelikes out there, but also one of the most entertaining. From the crafting system to the hordes of monsters chasing you, Teleglitch will keep you on the edge of your seat as you try and try again to reach the end, but can one person truly conquer such impossible odds? Only one way to find out.."
76561198009451194,Recommended,234390,8930607,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Horsilydoo,Great stuff! Very minimalistic genius! Word up!
,Recommended,234390,7480074,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Salt Raifu,"9/10Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is the most satisfying bullcrap ever. You don't know the meaning of frustration until you're forced to battle 3 massive robotic mechs with a 9mm pistol, nor do you know the satisfaction of somehow pulling it off."
,Recommended,234390,9741830,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,rpr,A hidden ♥♥♥♥ing gem with great tension and serious gameplay!!
76561197994530956,Recommended,234390,9412169,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,perisan tavsan,It was game of the 2013 for me. A friend for my imagination :)
76561198055784655,Recommended,234390,9493609,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ARthunda,Great game Can be f**king scary at times and really hard to get through with death literally around every corner completely recomend
,Recommended,234390,9315220,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,PhenomPhear,"Don't base your judgement off the screenshots. For the price its worth it. Plays unexpectadly fast. Be careful though, it's deceptivily difficult. One moment your like ""Oh, I got this, no big deal!"" then you are like ""Wtf just happened. game over? What?!"""
76561198115563050,Recommended,234390,9363054,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BouncyBallz,"VERY TOUGH AT TIMES, BUT VERY FUN...PREPARE TO WANT TO BREAK YOUR PC WHEN YOU DIE W/O A TELEPORTER......A MUST BUY FOR THE GAMERS WHO LOVE A CHALLENGE"
,Recommended,234390,16038018,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Portal Pony,Very fun game only a few bugs and it is very balenced.
,Recommended,234390,18700960,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,buenaventura,It's good.
76561198012068529,Recommended,234390,18576919,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sanguine Fox,My second favorite twin-stick shooter of all time.
,Not Recommended,234390,18682519,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Antzale,"I can value challenging rogue-likes like NetHack, where every playthrough can give you interesting things happening but I cannot see it here. It's just dull shooter. And when you die, you have to start again. The story and atmosphere is good, but not when you have to play the first 5% of the game over and over again."
,Recommended,234390,19028605,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Crud Bonemeal,"Only ever survived to level five, but it's a good five levels."
,Recommended,234390,16575601,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Seven,"A roguelike with a deceptive graphic style and unforgiving difficulty. If you don't like dying a lot from games, you won't like this game, as it continually punishes you, even when you think everything's going fine.Don't let the graphics fool you. If anything, they add to the overall aesthetic the game was going for, and when you're playing it, you'll get why.Simplistic controls, strangely-unique way of aiming melee (and ranged) attacks, and seemingly-infinite possibilities for you to either win or die. Mostly die.10/10, would buy again for all my other gaming devices, just not on a touchscreen phone."
,Recommended,234390,13719028,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HardZero,Pixel art top down rogue like Doom. 10/10 gr8/8
,Recommended,234390,16542505,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SneakySempai,"A great  top down shooter that has you walking those bloody halls with the worst case of deja vu and the haunting feeling that ""THEY'RE COMING TO GET YOU!"""
76561198081161043,Recommended,234390,17962706,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,"It's like every other roguelike but 300% harder and 300% more enjoyable. You will get your butt handed to you on a silver platter many times. Sounds fun, right?The story is that you are a person who works on Medusa-1C, a hostile planet with a single research facility that was experimenting on unlimited teleportation. Until everything went wrong. Something came through from the other side. The AI goes rogue, the mutant soldiers started rampaging, and everyone died. Except you. You barricaded yourself in a supply cabinet to wait for rescue, but nobody has come. You have run out of food, and your only hope is to escape Medusa-1C using the experimental unlimited-distance teleporter to teleport back to Earth. How? By killing everything in your way to the teleporter with guns and bombs and stuff. It's like a sci-fi action movie, but the protaganist has the potential to die. In fact, he dies 95% of the time.On to the gameplay. It's a top down shoot em' up where risk can be equal to reward. Or death. There are plenty of guns, and even more modifications you can make to them! 1 single-shot grenade launcher + 2 tubes = 1 triple-shot grenade launcher. Or you can modify a 9mm pistol to hold more ammo and be fully automatic. The crafting system makes every item you get useful for killing stuff.Overall, this game is hard enough to be super challenging, but is fun enough to keep you coming back. And if you're not sure if you want it, you can play the demo! Teleglitch: Die More Edition gets a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,234390,16979231,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Aloysius_Black,"Made it to Level 5. Hyped up on stimulants and canned meat, I loaded my shotgun and carefully opened a door. No baddies nor sound of baddies. I entered the room, scouting among the metallic rubbish for useful parts, when the door slammed behind me and two pixelated monsters bigger than anything rushed me. I feverishly threw down some RDX and ran in circles screaming, trying to avoid the streams of shots from... miniguns? duel-wield miniguns? My cursor finally landed on my last Panzerfaust and with a stream of fire I launched it. One of the baddies exploded in a colorful splatter. The other came at me in an attempt to crush me to death with its minigun/biomorph arms. I emptied a clip of my pistol as I ran backwards towards the door. Nope. Locked. With only a second remaining before death I pulled out my Weapon of Last Resort.Its name?Cangun.With a fiery blast a flurry of nails sprayed out and the next thing I knew I was standing on a grisly robotic corpse. MONSTER DATABASE UPDATED! Nerves trembling, I reloaded my weapons, used my last medpack, and found some supplies in a corner. Those might come in handy for crafting later. Thinking about my need for ammo, I entered a newly-opened door.And was instantly fired upon by three Guards with Shotguns.NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!Before the door had finished opening, my poor pixel body was splayed on the ground in a pool of my pixel blood.Time to start over at Lvl1.Teleglitch. I love to hate you."
,Recommended,234390,17211439,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,bhop bob,"A fun top-down rougelike with some elements taken from games like Doom. (ex. most rooms don't have enemies, and the ones that do have a good amount of enemies) The game has a reasonable learning curve, with strategies and tactics involved. Like all rougelikes, there are lootcrates and such. But to go even further, in teleglitch you can ""combine"" items which is essentially crafting. Usually crafting will give you an item that is a higher tier one than the one you already have. This also gives rise to ""material"" items which have no point besides use in crafting.The only complaint I have as that most of the weapons besides guns are really just there for frosting on a cake. You don't have to use them and most of them are quite impractical, so i don't really see why these exist rather than just an extra."
,Recommended,234390,14050531,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ozark6502,CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS GAME EVER SINCE BUYING THE ORIGINAL VERSION IN 2012IT'S TOP-DOWN DOOM FFS <3
,Recommended,234390,14201381,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,FailTeck,AAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!! TOOO ADDICTING AND TOO OBNOXIOUS FOR HUMANITY!!!!!! 11/10.
,Recommended,234390,14272610,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Verdant Herald,I love the tense nature of this game.
,Recommended,234390,14278984,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,biwqth,"One of the best Rogue-likes I have ever played. Really good survival difficulty, and the graphics... Thats what this is really all about!"
76561197983882605,Recommended,234390,14255397,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Falidell,not for doom 2 : master levels for doom 2 NIGHTMARE Virgins.i love the classy simple abandon friends atmospherei love the difficulty.i love the gameplay top down mouse aim style.i love the simplicity(im cool with puzzles but not for games like this). there are no puzzles.i don't mind that there is no save but it would be nice to actually beat the game without restarting over and over.so a save load for wimp mode might be nice....over all solid game.  not for everyone.
,Recommended,234390,14167804,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,*** Woo! ***,"This game has the old school pain that so many games are missing these days. If you like survival, you'll love this little gem.I do recommend visiting a wiki about crafting though.The graphics could be a tad better. I know it's a styling thing, but this is a notch below what is acceptable.7/10"
76561198031161830,Recommended,234390,14224796,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Carl,"If you like gaming, this is awesome fun"
76561198058231241,Recommended,234390,15596289,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,skull.406,"+ Fun+ Interesting Story+ Not easy, not too hard -only up to lvl 3 as of yet-+ Less than 100mb, but feels complete+ Runs on low end computers without issue.+ Died in the tutorial, (right click while over explosives prior to left clicking -_-)+ Enjoy the melee system, and is a practical way to kill enemies, not just suicide like many similar games+ Damage of weapons feels good.  Not overpowered, not taking a clip to kill a guy, (non super guys)______________________________________________________________________= Floors have the same items on them, but have random layout, which is awesome and sucks, depending on what you're looking for in the game.  You'll know that with every run it wont be, wow the game was going sooo good and then I just couldn't get any items and I was screwed.  Instead it's I know what I have, what I'll get, and be forced to use it strategically.= Every time you die you start completely over, if you're wanting some form of perk that makes the game easier each time you play it, you wont get it, but at the same time, it also means that you wont need to die 250 times before you can pass level 2, well unless you suck... if that's the case then uh... learn to pray more..... Or stop using explosives.= Has a crafting system that is simple, quick to use, and doesn't waste your time.  As far as I can tell however you can't look up what's required for items (unless you go online of course) Which is both nice and not, if you like to discover what you can build it's awesome, if not it's a little annoying.  So far I've simply guessed, well I think it would use ** ** ** items, and it has, so it's pretty logical.______________________________________________________________________- $12.99 Is a high price for me to recommend to any of my friends, however I would suggest they buy it when on sale, as the game is IMO definetly worth 7-8$  I'm just cheap :P- Made me stay up till 7am when I'm already tired.______________________________________________________________________Conclusion:  I'd recommend the game, However, I'd wait for it to be on sale,  if you are one of the people who requires that each time you play a game you get a permanant increase to your character other than personal skill than I wouldn't suggest it for you.  If you like that you're given everything you need (throughout the floor) and are forced to work in sometimes challenging situations with those items, than I would suggest it for you.Suggestion:  Moving darkess... is bad, explodes your brain, wouldn't suggest touching it."
,Recommended,234390,15596834,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,CalamityKiwi,"This game is pretty simplistic and I love that, the retro bit game design makes it easy to focus on the game aka shooting zombies... among other stuff..... It may seem to simple to some people, but its pretty addictive to me... although so far it has not been as challenging as I was hoping then again I aint exactly got very far in the story/ levels."
76561198072727156,Recommended,234390,23747017,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kokito,"A real no regrets indie game. At all. TRUST ME. The story is slow and generic in the beginning but then it runrs realy inmersive. This game should deserve more atention. It's way inmersive and at some point you find your self escaping death on every corner, in a heavy fast-paced game.wish there where more about it.CREATE MORE GD DAMNIT!"
76561198135679763,Recommended,234390,23553658,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Oxi,"Games great, love it, played it some time ago. Bought it again with the new expansion. Be warned i couldnt properly run the game on this ""gaming"" notebook that can run most games high graphics 30-60fps. Luckily it runs fine in my older notebook."
,Recommended,234390,7380456,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,LinksPanda,"Really, the only proper way to define this game is HARDCORE FREAKING ROUGELIKE ISOMETRIC SHOOTER SURVIVAL GAME! unless you could tell, this game is real friggin hard. and incredibly fun."
76561198052969087,Recommended,234390,5617609,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Deez,"Intense top-down, 8-bit, survival horror with randomly-generated level maps. Simple gameplay mechanics, yet brutally challenging enemy swarms. Support Indie Devs :D"
76561197971532050,Recommended,234390,7357662,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"Top-down Roguelike where you scavenge items and fight off monsters while trying to get to the next sector. Simple pixel graphics with very small resolution (i don't mind, some people do) with decent but minimal sound.Simple fun game for killing 10-15mins of your time per session: you either won't survive any longer than that, or you can save and exit between levels.Recommended if you get this on sale for a dollar or two."
,Recommended,234390,457332,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,stig atle,Very good game! I love the style and gameplay. It's very challenging too.
,Recommended,234390,9108654,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,excellent and hardcore game with some scary monsters that look like space invaders. also atmosphere of loneliness in space on some planet is amazing.
,Recommended,234390,9129205,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ryttick,"This game is incredible. Granted the old-school graphics aren't for everyone, though with the new patch it actually looks quite nice. What i love about this game is the sheer difficulty involved and the persistence required to beat the damn thing. The crafting system is seamless, the enemies brutal, and the atmosphere perfect. I'm heavily biased, as I love hardcore constant-death games (dark souls for example). This game is well worth your money."
,Recommended,234390,7347544,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Fracture64,"Awesome TPS\Roguelike, each playthrough is challenging. Great atmosphere, similar to first Quake."
,Recommended,234390,9026740,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Muff,"What a clever little game!!!At first i was skeptical at the games simplistic look, but i was pleased to find it is anything but. With random levels, tons of enemies, items and crafting etc. it offers a nice experience for someone looking for a new game to love. The simplistic UI and graphics only add to the charm. The combat is simple but solid while still being a challenge. Death is but a tool in this game, which you will find yourself using often. ive only gotten to the second level so far, but I am hooked. Very glad i bought this game. And equally appreciative of the reviews before mine who helped me make the decision to buy this game. Now take my advice an get this game! You'll only regret not doing it sooner."
76561197993791428,Recommended,234390,1495590,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,SerialChiller,Oh My gosh. the charm and atmosphere in this game is outstanding.
,Recommended,234390,9054887,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Jarinex,"Simple, fun, rage inducing!8.5/10"
76561198059387987,Recommended,234390,9069548,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Damocles,Love This Rouge Like Game Theres Traps Hordes And A Lot Of Guns :D
,Recommended,234390,9042992,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Adidn't,"A top-down horror sci-fi  game. Great gameplay, but there is no music. :(But if you don't give a damn about music, then it's a hecka awesome game8/10"
76561198050671513,Recommended,234390,15040155,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,never not here,"This game.....hoooo boy.Have we had a history.Remember when games were hardcore? Well, here is one that trys to re-create that sence with crafting, varied enemies, good old classic FPS feel, and permadeath.Its hard. I dont mean rage-game-ohmygosh-this-is-imposibu-hard. I mean this game is legitimitly hard. It makes you know you screwed up instead of it being the games fault. You learn through trial and error and maybe get better over time.Overall, I recomend this to anyone who wants an actuall challange. I personally havent beaten it. HOWEVER: this dose not take away from the games great atmosphere, gameplay and hardcoreness.thats a word right?....Pretty sure it is ;-)"
,Recommended,234390,7404641,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,D time,"A little-known gem for those who like rougelikes, topdown shooters, resource management, crafting systems, randomly generated levels, and really jarring CRT effects.  A fun yet challenging romp through an abandoned (and questionable) military facility after a catastrophic spacetime anomaly tore up the place and rejumbled all the rooms together.  You will run out of ammo and you will die horribly.  See how many floors you can explore until that inevitable fate..."
76561198025582577,Recommended,234390,14266804,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,cowzen,Atmospheric sci-fi roguelike with visceral combat and a crazy difficulty curve.  Very fun game!
76561198065027186,Not Recommended,234390,14360573,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Amateur Retrophrenologist,"One huge dislike that I have about this game is that when you pause the game and then continue, it registers a click with whatever piece of equipment you happen to be holding at the time. This could mean that you waste a valuable medication by eating it when you don't need it, or it could mean that you straight-up explode yourself. This bug has proved to be at least as deadly as some of the game's bosses.There are many things to love about this game, but that only makes it more frustrating when a promising run is struck down for such an utterly arbitrary reason. I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,234390,5074454,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,skoom,"If you like multi-floor randomly generated intensely difficult dungeon-romps with rouguelike-like elements, buy this game. Similar to The Binding of Isaac, but with guns and a weird pixely polygonly aesthetic."
,Recommended,234390,7778334,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TheNotoriousRNG,"It's actually a great sorta puzzle survival game. But it's MEAN. MEAN I tell you. Risk of Rain is meaner and more my speed, but this game has a nice charm about it. Doom but not Doom. If you get my meaning?"
76561198051888913,Recommended,234390,8382277,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Myc.stevens,Want a challenge? Try to survive this.
,Recommended,234390,7906855,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Carnivore Angel,"This game is obscenely, absurdly hard.But that's why it's awesome.Fans of masochistic pain-fest roguelikes will find Teleglitch perfectly to their liking.  A cold, dangerous, randomly generated world populated with an army of unrelenting, bloodthirsty monsters, and scattered with a variety of items with which you can craft, shoot, and detonate your way to survival awaits the persistant player.If you're vulnerable to ragequits, however, give this one a miss.  Its difficulty seems downright unfair at first, and it takes a lot of practice to work out how to get through the opening level."
,Recommended,234390,11513104,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,do you like dying?
,Recommended,234390,10698662,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cat on Ragnaros,"Great Game, completely unforgiving. If you enjoy games like Binding of issac, this game is for you."
,Recommended,234390,10720131,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Codover,"Behind the lo-fi graphics, is something surprisingly bigger than you think.Should you buy the game? If its on a sale, yes.Every pixel promotes paranoia, while the sounds scare you half to death.Is being paranoid bad? Is thinking that everything out there is trying to kill you bad?No. Its different when its actaully true.Also, there is black pixel sticky stuff that can blow your brains out."
76561197968968768,Recommended,234390,10649118,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Goose,Addictive and brutal!
,Recommended,234390,7485104,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,BonaBeavis,Nintendohard
,Recommended,234390,12362644,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,nadebug,"Difficult, ugly and frustrating. I love it! RL genre gone arcade."
76561198015078133,Recommended,234390,12175516,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ThePaladin,"Good roguelike for everyone who liked crimsonland. It is a top down shooter where you collect scarce items and kill everyone. You are the only survivor on a base filled with various monsters bred with the sole purpose to kill everyone. Oh, there's also a mad AI and some black-hole like anomaly teleported from another world. The story is pretty intriguing, albeit a bit naive.It's also very hard -- for an average gamer, at least."
,Recommended,234390,7334442,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Mighty Pea,"Wonderful little shooter, kind of like a topdown quake."
,Recommended,234390,12281828,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,lewis lepton,"just love this game.for myself, it a cross between doom [what with the level design and monsters] and alien.one of those few games that you really just want get on and play on and on. worth it, completely"
76561198079562019,Recommended,234390,11299597,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,FrozenEchos,"Great Game.The graphics may not be all that, but that doesn't matter when you are being chased by flood of mutants, guards shooting at you, and robots. Shooting your weapons make a dynamic display of color and powerful noise which adds to the experience.You go around and pick up different items which in turn you can construct other things out of them. Nailguns, armor, upgrading existing weapons, teleport, and etc.Definitely a game you will keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,234390,9711844,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Tazza,"Don't let the graphics fool you, if you like rouge-like games this game is awesome, really challenging and great fun when you have a few hours to burn!"
,Recommended,234390,13166179,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Don't tell me what to do, I'll die with whatever frequency I find appropriate."
,Recommended,234390,6381073,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,RonRon,Brutal and unforgiving game. Surviving is so difficult. Cant even go past level 3. yet. Fun as hell! :)
,Recommended,234390,25208349,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hyper Active Pyro,"""Die More Edition"", because if this game needed anything it was to kill you more often than before"
76561198057464974,Recommended,234390,10122011,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,perkinsma,"Dammit I must be bad at this, but I like it."
76561198010843075,Recommended,234390,10186861,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Woblob,"Teleglitch is atmospheric, intense and challenging."
76561198093799152,Recommended,234390,10187786,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,TheGreenSpeed,"Difficult, but fun. Worth it on sale. Make sure you have a mouse and a fair amount of perseverance."
76561197990750684,Recommended,234390,10188336,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Edgelord Cringebad,"Probably the best real-time roguelike I've ever played....great terrifying atmosphere that really drives home the feeling that you are, above anything else, ALONE, and very vulnerable. Great game mechanics, hard as hell, and a ton of replay value. HIGHLY recommended to anyone who likes a real roguelike and not this trendy ""rogue-lite"" nonsense."
,Recommended,234390,10188370,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,spriggans,amazing how much gripping action and creepy ambience they squeezed in to 40megs. LOVE IT
76561198019539531,Recommended,234390,10189221,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Popen,What's wrong with this new patch? The game had stopped starting at all!
,Recommended,234390,168774,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Pfhor,This game is a masterpiece of solid topdown shooter/survival horror mechanics and roguelike brutal difficulty.  Easily one of the best indie games I've played and worth every penny.
,Recommended,234390,10191674,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Baconnoms,"It's incredibly difficult. I'm just throwing that out straight off the bat. You might get frustrated with this game. You may froth with the force of a thousand suns, but the payoff of surviving a horde reanimated corpses with nothing but a slot filled with explosives is incredibly satisfying and fun."
,Recommended,234390,10191863,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Leviathan,"This game has an atmosphere unlike most I've encountered. Very silent, it always endowed me with the feeling of being trapped in an abandoned research facility. I liked the crafting system, but if I happened to go into the wrong places I was doomed as ammo was so scarce. I recommend it to anybody who has played roguelikes (Not your average indie ""roguelike"", the classical ones such as Nethack, ADOM, IVAN, Crawl). Everybody else might enjoy it for the top-down shooter elements, but only the most patient will make it to the end someday."
,Recommended,234390,9718409,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Troll Hammer,This game is where it's at. Cool GFX and fun gameplay. Go into the options and select scanner type to give it that old CRT monitor feel.
,Recommended,234390,10192966,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,mrmeddyman,An incredible rogue-like. I like this game more then the Binding of Isaac. The hours will go by in seconds
,Recommended,234390,10193766,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BigMac Condom™,"Im gonna make this short.I am already addicted  to this game after playing for 20 mins I foresure will play some more obviously.  If your into randomly generated rogue like games that comes with challenge, this game is for you my friend its not to pricey and first impressions were amazing graphics great combat great 9.5/10(I tink)"
,Recommended,234390,801956,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,gnat,"Have you ever seen those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥multilation videos? This game is probably the most difficult rorguelike / survival game ever made and good for people who like pain.$12 is a bit high for the amount of content here, but worth it if you can get it on sale."
76561198048414050,Recommended,234390,17305951,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,j0hn f1ve n1nja5,Fukmethiswasdifficult. 11/10
76561198012234150,Recommended,234390,11783476,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Anthreas,I find this game to be really awesome!There is action suspense crafting planning for encounters and fast reflexes is a must.Each play through is different and dying causes you to start over but that is what creates the suspense in the game.Its also not very frustrating in my opinion you enjoy your play though and when you die its like it is time to reflect.
76561198044473449,Recommended,234390,13752855,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheAndrewBen,"A really challenging game for me, but fun. It's more like a pick-up game that you would play for 15 minutes. The maps are big and you never know whats behind the door! 8/10"
,Recommended,234390,1540769,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,sungjoonyong,total waste of my money
76561198025301544,Recommended,234390,14282465,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dana Man,"I've only played it for a couple of hours so far but I find it addictive. It's in no way forgiving and you'll DIE A LOT but really that makes it challenging and thus fun! Sure it's frustrating, but the levels randomly rearrange after each restart so that avoids it becoming stale. The monsters are fast and tricky and aiming it quite a challenge at first, but you'll pick up on it. There is a simple game toggle to allow for random gear on start, which can help, or in some cases leave you with no weapon, only a cool piece of gear and a bomb to start; making the challenge all the greater! IMO so far, this is a fun challenge...if you're EVEN UP TO IT!!!"
76561198058925614,Recommended,234390,15249166,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CrazyGunMan102,"THIS GAMEPros:- difficult but rewarding gameplay- very heavy feeling combat- enemies are relentless (as they should)- game doesn't hold your hand- unique style- random generation makes every run feel unique- a plethora of guns available- in depth crafting systemCons:- might prove too difficult for some- sudden and sometimes inexplicable death (until you realise you walked into an anomaly while your head was turned away for that half a second)- random generation may leave you with no tools of survival (i started a game with nothing but an self defence credit card, it had an inbuilt taser it wasn't useful at all, then i found a shotgun)Over all, even now Teleglitch is still a great game, i enjoy it, but after a long run and sudden and unexpected death i simply quit and do something else for a while, which is exactly what i'm doing now.If you're a fan of extremely hard games give this one a try, if not then i can't really suggest this to you.This game is fun, and it's a great time sink."
,Recommended,234390,16375387,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Saturday,The last memory I have with this game is having robotic guards firing at me as I stabbed my vain with a stimulant I crafted earlier so I went super fast and outran bullets as I paniced out of the room.10/10 game when your internet provider ♥♥♥♥s up.
76561198097520288,Recommended,234390,16148223,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dragamemnon,I've cried so many times I don't know what to do with myselfI haven't rage quit- I've sad quit at times.It's fun though. I won't stop until I beat it because I know I can. But there will be tears. And guns. Lots of guns.
76561197970408901,Recommended,234390,15930804,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,NINEMM,"This is one of those ""just one more time"" type games.  It's frustrating when you die a million times in a row... but it's part of the fun as well.  It's amazing just how atmospheric a game like this can be.  Excellent writing, audio, and creepy music keep things tense.  I love it."
,Recommended,234390,15974118,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Thekikwidragon,"Alright everyone In my opinion this game is amazing. Ignore my time spent in the game, due to the fact of playing the demo and the version not bought on steam it is innacurate. Anyways, this game is extremely nice with smooth controls, it has great mechanics to it and the crafting system is unique and interesting, If anything i can only say bad about this game is that there is no custom map maker to my knowledge, With a custom map maker This would easily be 9/10 for me.Note; I don't suggest this as a chill wind down game, this can have some pretty tense stuff, With best regards a great buy.My final rating on this as a casual player is a 7/10  My rating on this as a player who Is hardcore, 8/10"
76561198072048937,Recommended,234390,15911190,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,xxbobdabuilderxx,"I saw a short glance of this game on some video on youtube, and INSTANTLY knew that it was my kind of game. I haven't played it much yet, but I will play it to death, mark my words. It just hit my interests dead on. The story is something like they invented a teleporter, and when they turned it on, monsters came through and overtook the station. I can't get enough of that kind of stuff, like Doom, Event Horizon, and the Alien movies. This game will be a total cult hit, I'm calling it now,Anyway, everything is randomly generated, (level layouts, loot, monster spawns) and the objective is to get through each level, and find the teleporter which will take you to the next level. In the teleporter room, you can choose between two places to go to, which determines the next level. I've only made it to the second level, so the later levels might not give you a choice.Speaking of which....this game is insanely hard. I take pride in the fact that I still play ""ancient"" video games from the golden era, and I'm damn good at them. My favorite, being arcade style shooters like Strikers 1945 Plus. I'm damn good at them, so I thought I would also be damn good at this game..........I was wrong. This game is brutal....absolutely brutal.Some people would say that the graphics are a turn off for them. To them, I say ""never judge anything based on looks alone"". I personally think these graphics are what makes it such a great little game. It just seems to fit the setting. Not to mention, whenever you fire a gun your character has a bit of a kickback from the kick of the gun, which makes the guns feel better than anything I've played in a long time. Also, whenever you shoot the shotgun, it looks like a roman candle went off. Very colorful.I really don't know how to explain it. If this is your kind of game, you'll know instantly, like I did. I can't get enough of it. The only complaint that I have, is that it's hard to read some of the writing because of the 80's style computer font, but in context, you'll still be able to easily read it."
,Recommended,234390,16751425,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Chibi,"Set on a quarantined planet, Teleglitch takes you through as a lone man holed up in a facility overun by zombies, mutants and robotic combatants. Though the motif is familiar, this top-down shooter has a refreshing appeal with oldschool gameplay and modern techniques. While the game isn't really scary, the pixelated graphics and rustic noises give it serious atmosphere. Corridors that are eerily quiet can open into rooms with loud rythmic clanging and flickering lights. An enemy encounter here can seem even more intense.The playing mechanics are simple and progressing is straightforward - BUT - the game itself is quite challenging to get through. Enemies are abundant and focused on ending your conciousness. Ammo conservation and keeping your health up are huge requirements for making it to the end, making this game a wrong choice for casual play. Dedication will be required to finish this game and until your combat skills are properly honed you can count on not making it very far. Things can go awry quickly if you aren't careful.Scattered throughout the levels are computer terminals that give useful hints or contibute to the interesting and well-thought story that Teleglitch has. Items are also frequently found laying around and your limited inventory can fill quickly. Most Items can be combined to make new or upgraded weapons and equipment. The process is very simple and doesn't require a lot of planning like in some games.Teleglitch isn't so much fun as it is alluring. I find myself determined to improve my skill and make it further; there is definitely satisfaction in making it to that next level for the first time. I do enjoy revealing more story elements as I progress as well.I would recommend trying the demo first and seeing if Teleglitch speaks to you like it did to me."
76561197991279501,Recommended,234390,21468521,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ghost Judicator,"This game will chew you up and spit you out,then do it again and again and again until you decide to shut it off, love this game defintely harder then darksouls lol."
,Recommended,234390,21431170,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,LV.100 EVENT BOSS GHOUL,"This game get's hard really fast, especially when they introduce secruity cameras, people with guns everywhere and giant minigun robots"
,Recommended,234390,21969004,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Crescent Wolven,"A challenging game that forces you to conserve ammo and scavenge what you can from the facilities, Teleglitch also has a good story plot.I rate this game 10/10, if this game had a co-op game mode or even an online game mode I think this game would be better and more fun but either way, it is an amazing game. Not recommended for ragequitters"
,Recommended,234390,21975613,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,David Triphon,"Absolutely amazing reflex game. It kept me on my toes, from level 1 to level 10. I love the achievement structure, and all the different weapon types gives you plenty of options in choosing how to control your ammo usage. Every time I came across a new enemy I got scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It keeps the adrenaline pumping and the sweat coming. There were a couple of glitches here or there, but nothing the game couldn't handle rectifying. I couldn't recommend this more."
,Recommended,234390,25877060,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LA,"Teleglitch is a top-down, action roguelike set in a pixely sci-fi nightmare.  Teleglitch is awesome, but beware.  It is probably the most difficult game I've ever played.  In my 17 hours, I don't think I've ever made it past level 4.  Some sick part of me enjoys clawing a little farther each playthough though, so I heartily recommend this game if you have the patience and skill for it."
76561198076565136,Recommended,234390,7479391,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Gutmust,"BEST GAME, if you like rouge like/siy fiy games which I do. ITS FOR PEOPLE THAT LIKE HARD FUN GAMES ONLYYYY"
,Recommended,234390,26476104,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,PuddlesTheTrojanMan,"Never bothered with the can guns, didn't expect much out of them. I was sorely mistaken when I tested one out in the arena mode, lo-and-behold, most OP weapon I've seen in a game in a long time."
,Recommended,234390,27848800,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,chk,Game so frustrating you'll end up hating it.. what's not to love? :P
,Recommended,234390,27779693,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,IZAK,Very rough game. Still haven't beaten it. But extremely fun to learn.
76561198047844747,Recommended,234390,27783438,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nolan,"I haven't played much of this game, I simply got it because it was cheap and looked good. But I got through the first level in a matter of 10 minutes and it's not that hard at all. If you simply stay alert and take things cautiously I finished the first level really easily. Maybe I got lucky with the random level generation, but I don't think this game is hard at all.But on to the actual review.The atmosphere of this game is amazing, the way the Fog of War is done and the way the sound design adds to it truly creates the atmosphere of a lonely survivor trying to figure out what the hell is going on. You have to manage your resources well and have a calm mind while handling enemies and the terminals and monster logs are actally very interesting in piecing together the overarching story. It's actually quite interesting to me so far. The weapons have a really nice sense of kick and the aesthetic style and appeal is really well executed.I would recommend this game for anyone that likes tense survival games or/and roguelikes."
,Recommended,234390,458014,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,siliciferous,Teleglitch is exactly as intense as it looks.
,Recommended,234390,26925839,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,escher,"This game doesn't try to do everything, but everything it does, it does perfectly."
,Recommended,234390,26778897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KCCook3,"I bought this game on a whim because it looked entertaining and to be honest the Title just seemed solid. I'm still towards the beginning of the game so take my review as you will, but there is not much I dislike about the game. With its classic roots and fairly hardcore gameplay I was immediately hooked from the start. The crafting, searching and shooting has continued to keep me entertained. While I still have a ways to go in the game its a excellent game to jump into and play on my lunch period that has yet to disappoint."
76561197993526394,Recommended,234390,27962713,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Flowlow_,A game that provides solid gameplay and great atmosphere.
76561197993466307,Recommended,234390,27913939,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,launzONE,"i come back to play it everey few months to get my beatings, some day i will make it!"
76561198067262231,Recommended,234390,26040206,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PrismBox,One of the hardest games I've played but it's one of the best zombie shooter games as well. Ammo can be very hard to come by and invintory space can be quiet limited at times. You're often swarmmed randomly by hordes of enemies which keeps you on edge and makes you pay attention a lot more. Overall a very fun game.
,Recommended,234390,7360324,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Risefromtheashes,SO @#$%ING HARD!!!!
,Recommended,234390,7948582,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[OCAU] PsychoSmiley,I'm new to the whole roguelike genre having never played any before but this is certainly a tense one. Prepare to die quite a fair bit as you learn the ropes but with other games like Demon's/Dark Souls the more you play the better you get and the more you understand. Sadly no music included but I would recommend running your own the background. Some ego shooter music like Quake 2 OST or some metal and you'll be slicing and blasting through corridors in no time. Quake and Doom players should feel right at home.
,Recommended,234390,27564819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Papa Smoke <Collects WAIFUS>,"Fun game, roguelike with twinstick shooter influences and a rudimentary but challenging crafting/eco-system. Good for those looking for a challenge, steep skill curve. Variety of enemies and challenging bosses with a lot of fun guns. 8/10"
,Recommended,234390,28813924,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kLogiKal,"Do you like games where you die like a ♥♥♥♥♥ over and over while making little to no progress? This game is for you! If you thought I was being negative with this review, then this game probably ISN'T for you.Amazing atmosphere for such a minimalist game design philosophy. A little sci fi gem for people who want to die a lot on their way to enlightenment."
76561198054161027,Recommended,234390,28957047,Posted: 2 January,all,Sebastian,"Goog Game , just a few things  i get stuck everytime i try to pick up items that are next to those computers that tells you about the game story , its weird. i had to restart the game.....  Anyway its a pretty good game , waiting for the multiplayer patch :)"
76561198076875045,Recommended,234390,24098819,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,COOPer,"Basically top-down Doom with a tense atmosphere. Combat is tight, crafting is simple and fun. Only complaint is that the game sometimes crosses from hard to unfair. A lot of situations will kill you the first time you experience them, because you could not possibly have reacted quickly enough or even been prepared with the right weapon/s. Also, once you've played through a level three or four times (and you will, because you'll die and restart a lot), they become quite tedious.This tediousness makes me want to rush through the levels, but if I rush, I will die, and the level will become even more tedious. It's a cycle of rage.Summary: good game, will make you very mad."
76561198095088118,Recommended,234390,24100678,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SkyStone,"Its still a nice game but i feal like there needs be more emersion inside lighting shadows and killing wise killing better and more viscerall blood spreading on the walls and dripping maybe pooling up, shadow wise pitch black areas were the lights flicker like in dead space or other horror games, and crafting more and better waeapon mods, maybe like a grenade mod for the pipe bomb that makes you throw farther cause you never throw far enough. But none the less its still very fun and challenging."
76561198058279285,Recommended,234390,24150426,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,VladTheImpaler,Great game. definately like the exploration and variation of enemies in the game. codex is a plus as well
76561198076304632,Recommended,234390,24149990,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,trainh13,"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WARNING HARDEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!!!!!!!!!Doesnt mean it isnt good thoughThis game is extremely well made. Good sound, lighting, visual style, fun crafting sytem, tense environment, it has it all. But if you dont like challenges stay away from it. I am yet to clear level 3 and i only got there one time. It's hard, but the type of hard that keeps encouraging you, maybe you could beat it if you tried once more. Should i have used the nailbox for a nailbomb or a cangun? The possibilities are limited to the resources you find, but the few choices you have are critical. This game is really good, and the developers deserve your support and $$$.Overall 10/10 *As long as you like a challenge ;)"
76561198256299066,Recommended,234390,23638640,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TheGiantMidgetMan,"This game is awesome. Don't get me wrong, there is a level of difficulty that carries on after even you've learned from past mistakes, but the thing that makes this game awesome (for me atleast) is that you can feel yourself learning, so there isn't as much frustration, and sometimes the deaths can make you laugh. The game seems to have high replay value. I would gladly pay more for this game if that was the case."
,Recommended,234390,23448837,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Potato,"Bloody, horribly, and cruelly difficult. Then you get to the second level."
,Recommended,234390,29590992,Posted: 30 January,all,Johnny5point6,"I keep randomly picking this one up. And every time I get a little farther, a little more scared, and a little better. I like this. I like this game a lot."
,Recommended,234390,14233366,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Rogue-like pixelated top view game.Interface/Menu/SettingsAble to speed up or skip the intro text.There is a sound volume slidebar available.You can toggle between fullscreen or windowed mode.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard and mouse.You can play on a xbox controller.There is a stats menu available.About the game.You are playing as a dude that has spawned in a small area. You will have to make your way to the exit and move on to the next level. On your way you will find crafting materials, enemies, weapons, food and other items. There are secret walls which can be destroyed by bullets but guns does make alot of noise and could attract enemies. Secret walls can be found aswell and they could be spotted by peeking through a wall. If you are able to see what's in the other side of an area but it is blocked. This could be a secret wall and can be destroyed by shooting some bullets against it. You are able to heal up by eating food or craft weapons with materials.You have a map.Graphics are pixelated.Has ingame tutorial.There are secret walls.No music.Game is difficult.Some sort of crafting system.Meh replayability.Save stations are on each new floor.Other things.None.-------------------I Give this game a 6/10"
76561198042813347,Recommended,234390,34219377,Posted: 13 August,all,Akninirith,"Teleglitch is a game that exhibits the primary negative attributes of the modern roguelike quite well. It throws one into a semi-random environment and provides little consistency in what serves to aid the fight for survival between playthroughs. The player will likely be struggling on any given run for one of two goals: to either learn the terrain, foes, and uses for scavenged materials, or to locate the necessary items to tinker, heal, and shoot to the next major waypoint. Perhaps one of the bigger disappointments is the fact that story, while quite serviceable as a roadmap and mechanism to explain to the player why one is chased by zombies or robots or weird four-armed grunty things, seems to carry less weight here than of what it is capable.So why has the author logged over 300 hours total with this game?Despite the game's faults, Teleglitch situates the player in a fleshy malleable shell and says ""OK, run on home, and shoot the monsters before they git ya,"" and the player is afforded exactly that much control. It is that level of control which really embodies the experience; you are an unlikely hero who can overcome tremendous odds with skill and knowledge, and you can survive either a moderate number of heavy punches or two to three bullet wounds before you're done. You will need to put together equipment in ways unintended by its creators, get incredibly frustrated, and make every single shot count - and if you do, you will perhaps succeed in running the gamut of a labyrinthine facility and escaping alive. At certain points the game will show a kinder face and very occasionally provide checkpoints upon the completion of a level, but these are few and far between.Two major components factor into making many roguelikes: adversarial competition, i.e. combat, and exploration/knowledge acquisition. Teleglitch is a relatively well-built animal whose focus lies entirely on those aspects from the visual aesthetic to gameplay. Combat usually exemplifies Hobbes' human nature, being difficult, quick, and painful, and yet it is often the prettiest part of the game - each bullet draws the eye as it moves through the environment, each kind of firearm looses rounds with slightly different characteristics and reports or bangs, and each impact communicates the gravitas of ""a bullet just went through that thing!"" (Alternatively, when one intercepts a bullet with unprotected body parts, the severity of ""maaaybe one or two more of those before death comes"" really sinks home.) Even in close range, trying to knife the last members of a ravening horde turns into an uncomfortable dance... each swish manages to convey a grim sense of space rapidly closing between metallic edge and target surface. And after an engagement concludes, one's reward is usually not more than a nutritious can of meat or mediocre weapon. The game's point is that fighting ought to be a means to an end - even when demolishing a troupe of robots with explosives, the enjoyment one gets from seeing the metal bits fly everywhere must be tempered with the knowledge that one no longer has those explosive materials. It is unnerving and quite involving.On the other side of the equation, seeing the world of Teleglitch is a careful and tense experience. When one wakes up in a tiny storeroom, the limitations on the player's vision become obvious - line-of-sight is one of the most striking mechanics, and with very few exceptions danger begins as soon as a foe comes into view. Audio cues, like the hum of a door opening to admit a herd of mutants or the slamming beat of robotic legs, frequently provide the player's only warning before weapons need to be discharged. One of the author's more memorable experiences was the first time walking in front of a large pipe and discovering a dozen or so zombies swarming from its mouth, and the quick subsequent demise. At later levels, one might rush into a room to discover a shotgun-wielding foe directly inside a closed door, and then one once again realizes the benefit of detecting enemies even when unseen, and the dangers of the converse. The player equates the unseen with an unknown but qualitatively significant danger. Every step survived feels like a miniscule victory. Even if one manages to build equipment which detects enemies outside of line-of-sight, a squid lying in wait at the end of a long corridor is all it takes to reduce one to an irradiated crisp.All in all, Teleglitch is an imperfect experience where the player embraces the frustrations of mortality and the joys of victory over great tribulation. It is certainly not for those who find difficulty in a title unappealing. But for those who are willing to give to the game, it will give an enormous amount in return."
,Recommended,234390,29545071,Posted: 28 January,all,2 - 32,beating this game is harder than stabbing a puppy and enjoying it.
,Recommended,234390,34734758,Posted: 4 September,all,Slamfire,As long as you don't get motion sickness this game is a great action roguelite with an oppressive theme. The DLC is highly reccomended as it makes it feel like a whole new game.
76561197962170335,Not Recommended,234390,35194999,Posted: 24 September,all,walczyk,"This game is GOOD in so many ways. It's fun and challenging. But. and this is a big but. I've reached level 3b or whatever it is called and inetivably some bug occurs and it freezes. The first time it crashed the game, the second time the game play became non responsive but the menu worked. This is a tragedy. Be careful! Game is still pretty good but also very rough aroudn the edges. It has the feeling of the original quake."
76561197992205413,Recommended,234390,35473300,Posted: 4 October,all,meat,best game ever played
