user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234630,17056337,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Game Pros• Clean menu• Beautiful Graphics• Smooth Gameplay• VR Hardware Support• A lot of different controller supports• Decent selection of cars to choose from• Manual or Auto Transmission optional• Damage effects car performance (If enabled in race setup, you can make pit stops to fix damage)• Weather Effects car performance• Online Play (And private races for just you and friends)• In-depth car statistics while racing (Tire heat, Vibration, RPM..etc)• Text bubbles help you with complicated mechanicsGame Cons• Non-friendly to players new to racing games• No full on multiclass races• The AI doesn't know when it's appropriate to let someone pass and ends up crashing into you• You get penalized due to fault of another player forcing you to go off track• AI ignores flagging system (Wont get all the same penalties you would)Relateable Games• Forza (Only in a few aspects)ConclusionProject Cars is a realistic racing game. While racing you must account for everything. This isn't another racing game where you can speed through corners to pass up other racers. One little mistake can cost you the race. So if you are looking for a racing experience that allows you to make many tests of trials and error to create your own personal setup. Then this is the game for you.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Recommended,234630,28729354,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,smd nigga,"If you do not have a wheel, and only have an xbox controller, I advise you to replicate the settings that I have below, in the controller settings in project cars. If you do not do this, you will hate the game. This game may not be as good as Assetto Corsa in terms of steering, handling, and over all life-like simulations; but it is better in terms of online matchmaking (with friends) and graphics. Overall, the game has decent simulation physics. I recommend this for anyone who simply wants to just ride along a track with a group of friends.Steering dead zone: 0Steering Sensitivity: 30Throttle dead zone: 0Throttle Sensitivity: 50Brake dead zone: 0Brake Sensitivity: 30Clutch dead zone: 0Clutch Sensitivity: 45Speed Sensitivity: 75Controller Filtering: 50Force Feedback: 100Advanced: OffAs for the game, its great; i enjoy it greatly! It has some problems with physics; especially how the car whips sometimes causing you to crash. After 60+hrs of gameplay, i have learned how to counter these deathly whips, making the experience less of an annoyance. The amouint of pleasure you get from surviving a whip is actually pretty damn high. these whips rarely get me. Wheel support is perfection, you plug in the wheel and the game sets it up perfectly (at least for me); you can tweak it further, i feel most of you will be happy with the default wheel settings.Overall, i enjoy this game greatly - almost as much as i enjoy assetto corsa!"
,Recommended,234630,20310857,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ntst22,"TL;DRGame is great, but there are  better options to choose from considering the ammount you pay for Project Cars with its DLC's.My Thoughts on Project Cars:First of all, there was a lot of hype for Project Cars the weeks before its release. Initially, the game seemed fun to me, especially with its one-of-a-kind Career Mode - only to be brought with the disappointment that you could start wherever you want in your career, therefore losing the motive in grinding your way from Go-Karts to Formula A. Although there are a lot of downvotes to the game there are a lot of good sides to the game.Pros:The In-Game Menu is one of the best I've seen in quite a while.Graphics are absolutely facinating.Gameplay is fairly smooth, rarely come across visual / physical bugs.Controller support is one of the best, also comes with VR Hardware support too.A lot of Online Lobbies to choose from, if not, create a private lobby for you and your friends.In-game car tuning has a lot of depth, a lot of things to tune, giving you an upper-hand above those who don't.Mehs:Car statistics, usual car stats a game would bring you.Mechanic is a meh, when it comes to long races, sometimes the mechanic would get on my nerve.Physics are alright, usually a bugs here and there but it doesn't affect the gameplay too badly.Cons:The In-game AI is generally a let-down.AI doesn't really let you pass on blue flags, sometimes won't even aknowledge your existence on the race track, ramming you left and right.Penalty system is also disappointingSometimes you will get penalized for things you didn't even do, such as corner cutting.Penalty system also doesn't affect the AI, giving them the upperhand in racesCar selection doesn't include one of the biggest brands and icons (as of Jan 4, 2016) Ferrari, NissanSAFETY CAR WHERE YOU AT?? YELLOW FLAG WHERE YOU AT??Games I Would Suggest or Relate toAssetto CorsaConclusionProject Cars is a fairly fun and realistic racing game, and has a small mix of Arcade and Simulation (may not be the best idea). If you're looking for a more realistic game, look for iRacing. If you're looking for an arcade-y style game, I would personally suggest Need for Speed. Overall Project Cars was an initial disappointment to me but the deeper you look into what the game has to offer to you, the funner it gets.(If you found the review helpful, giving it a thumbs up would be nice!)If you're looking for more Steam Friends? Look no more - feel free to add me!"
76561198145482588,Recommended,234630,33005769,Posted: 29 June,all,Paul,"Game Pros• Clean menu• Beautiful Graphics• Smooth Gameplay• VR Hardware Support• A lot of different controller supports• Decent selection of cars to choose from• Manual or Auto Transmission optional• Damage effects car performance (If enabled in race setup, you can make pit stops to fix damage)• Weather Effects car performance• Online Play (And private races for just you and friends)• In-depth car statistics while racing (Tire heat, Vibration, RPM..etc)• Text bubbles help you with complicated mechanicsGame Cons• Non-friendly to players new to racing games• No full on multiclass races• The AI doesn't know when it's appropriate to let someone pass and ends up crashing into you• You get penalized due to fault of another player forcing you to go off track• AI ignores flagging system (Wont get all the same penalties you would)Relateable Games• Forza (Only in a few aspects)ConclusionProject Cars is a realistic racing game. While racing you must account for everything. This isn't another racing game where you can speed through corners to pass up other racers. One little mistake can cost you the race. So if you are looking for a racing experience that allows you to make many tests of trials and error to create your own personal setup. Then this is the game for you.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
76561198007278789,Not Recommended,234630,17047211,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Stambo,"Beautiful, polished, great driving physics and a dynamic envrionment make this racing game very appealing at first glance. However after spending some time with this game I have been dissapointed with the immersion this game offers as there are many features missing that a racing simulator should have.1. There is no flag system or safety car. This gripe may seem nit picky but it does take away from the simulator feel of a race day when there are no flags to warn drivers that there may be a hazard ahead. Flags and safety cars are a huge feature in modern racing, often changing the outcome of a race and entire strategies devoted to pitting around safety car deployment. This leads into the second gripe, there are no AI caused accidents for there to be a safety car or flag system in the first place.2. AI too flawless. The AI has no character in this game, they drive around almost on rails only to deviate in the most extreme cases occasionally onto the grass but then make a full recovery and lose 1 second on their lap time due to a small mistake. They are aware of the player, but too often they will completely give way to the player as if repelled by magnets. The biggest problem with the dull AI is that there are no retirements no matter how long the race is. 100 Lap races will 100% of the time have a full field finish, no mechanical faults, no accidents, no spins, even with full damage turned on. The AI does not make a mistake that leads to any game changing events. This makes for a very dull, boring race experience.3. The career mode only offers a single full season of driving (17 races in a season) in one mode, the F1 equivalent Formula A mode. If you want to drive touring cars or karts or any other league the season is made up of only 5 or so races. It is kind of like the progress of simcade racing games like GT and Forza, just without the upgrades and car modifying and street circuits.4. Every car is as solid as a tank. The damage modelling in this game reminds me of an old Need for Speed where you were able to drive at 300kmh and crash into any solid object and just bounce off. Damage is a huge component of racing, often slight damage will lead to changing a racing strategy and adds a huge element of risk/reward to a race. Damage is what keeps a race on the edge, gives a race character. Drivers will avoid taking huge risks because damage is a deterrent, and damage affects performance. Not in this game though, damage for the most part does nothing. You can use other cars as a brake with little consequence. Crash into a wall head on at 200kmh, and you will suffer slight suspension problems and get a couple of cosmetic scratches and a bent hood. That kind of a crash in reality would end with a DNF and debris everywhere. Since there is no deterrent to crashing in this game, the only solid tactic for racing is an aggressive push all the other cars off the road style.The surface of the game is really spectacular, it will easily draw you in and look amazing, but don't be fooled. This is not what I would expect from a racing simulation, it sits halfway between a Forza/Gran Tourismo and a racing sim, but does neither very well. It is not an arcade game where you can customise your cars and earn a sense of progression with unlocking newer nicer vehicles and new modifications. It is not a simulator where you can immerse yourself into the reality of a race day. Project Cars lacks any character or vision for what it is, and in attempting to appeal to a very broad audience it has alienated the fans of both arcade and simulator fans alike by providing neither.If you just want a game where you have the opportunity to drive around very pretty circuits with traffic and time trials then this game might be sufficient. It feels great looks great and sounds great. But it really lacks in the gameplay department so if you want a game that simulates racing, then I recommend you look elsewhere."
76561198026900374,Not Recommended,234630,22347142,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[AOD] Danneskjold,"I've put a lot of time into Project CARS, and frankly, I'm fed up.  So I'm going to give a long and thorough review of it.TL/DR Version:  Broken promises, missing game features, and crippling bugs should keep you away.  Ultimately, this entire things feels like a giant paid BETA for Project Cars 2.  I.E. You are paying full retail for the privilege of beta testing for the sequal.Pro's:PCars is relatively cheap.  $50 retail + $50 DLC sounds like a lot, but compared to other sim racing games, it isn't.  Fully investing in ""iRacing"" could easily cost you $500+ ($10-$15 per car / track, EACH), not to mention the $15 per month subscription.Amazing GT3 selection.Best graphics of any racing sim, by far.Best weather system of any racing sim, by far.No cars are gated at all.  First race, want to try an F1 Car?  Go for it!  Even people without DLC can join a DLC room (but they can't host it, or play it in SP).Clever and fun Single Player campaign.  You can jump in anywhere from GoKarts and advance all the way to LMP1, and anything in between, all the while progressing through it from where you started.  I.E. Start at Formula Gulf (not go-karts) and still advance through to LMP1.Physics system is leagues better than from release, but still not perfect or finished yet.Tire physics are trash.Relatively good VR /headtrackersupport.  (They just broke Headtracker support, though.)Con's (in no particular order):No Oval Racing, despite being promised and advertised.Replay system is utterly broken.  Some cars don't show up at all.  Some don't ever start off the line.  Some have switched models and skins.  And the control system was designed by a 2 year old.  Don't even bother to save a replay.Spectator system is trash.  What good is a racing game if you can't give people a good way to watch the action?Dedicated Server is missing half the features it needs to be viable, including race steward powers..Multiplayer sessions are missing half the features IT needs (separately from ded. servers) to be viable in the long run.Options available in Single Player Campaign are not available for custom and multiplayer races.No full course cautions option.There is a skill / safety rating system built into every driver's profile, but we can't see other people's rating.  Absolutely moronic.There is a collision measuring and fault system built into Project Cars, but it isn't used for anything.  For example, after 3 dive bombs it could kick out the bad driver, but doesn't.Some of the maps are broken and unplayable in Multiplayer.  Including maps that have been in the game since day 1.There is an entire Map Pack DLC that is basically unusable in Multiplayer because they don't have pit lanes.Pit stop system is unintuitive, hard to use, and broken / bugged.  Sometimes the system doesn't give you tires when you ask.  And Visa Versa.  You are also limited to a TOTAL number of pit stop strategies over all of the cars available.  Furthermore, pits give you gas, then tires, with no option to select otherwise (like simultaneous) or select class based setup.Almost a year after release, there is only the 1 option for Race Modes:  The standard race.  There are no other modes, even as gimicks.  You can guess that people are getting tired of it.There are still some ""tuning"" tricks (bugs) that make cars go faster than they should.There is no way to save a tuning file, import one, or export it.  Everything has to be transcribed manually from in game to out, and back.No viable option for a custom skins.All multiplayer games go through steam.  Steam goes down, your race room dies, even in the middle of a race.  I.E. Steam isn't just a match making service, it is a server hub for the race and all of PCars.Qualifying results are wiped if someone is DCed.  They are not attached to the Steam ID like they should be.No ""Tow back to pits"" option if you get damaged.  So basically you have to try to drive back, and endanger everyone else on the way.No ability to reconnect to a server if you get DCed mid race.There is a ""Time-out"" function to prevent people from connecting late in a session (practice, qual...).  I can't tell you the number of times I've seen someone bust their♥♥♥♥♥to practice for hours and get entirely locked out of a race because the game won't let them connect when there is 2:20 left, rather than 2:40.  Absolutely moronic.There is the option to host a race that is 24 hours long, but you are not able to switch drivers.  Why freaking bother?Some of the weather options are broken and don't work.The in game spotter system is absolutely crap.  He doesn't spot for you, nor does he actually say anything useful or worthwhile.  (Though someone has made a 3rd party spotter APP that is amazing.)Hard enforced ""Cut Track Penalties"" which force you to slow down immediately (often in front of other cars who can't avoid it fast enough).No real mod support, specifically Steam Workshop use.  This game could have lived for years, if it had.Multiplayer Rooms are dying, apparently 10 months of crippling bugs and missing vital functions is too much for some people.  Most of the time 50% of a room leaves when it's clear that they won't win (see built in skill / safety system bulletin).VAC doesn't seem to ban cheaters (not implying that there are any at all), all it does is ban people who rejoin too many times, or gives off a false positive.  (There is no way for a regular server to turn it off, too.)The lobby chat system is broken.  You can't type anything in or see anything others in the lobby chat have typed.  You must be driving to type and see.NEW GAMEBREAKING BUG: There are invisible walls in the middle of the track.  Imagine driving down the middle of the road, and your car smashes into something invisible.  Guess what happens to a car at 180 MPH when it comes to a sudden stop.NEW GAMEBREAKING BUG: Cut tracks are now broken.  They are applied inconsistently, and sometimes get stuck.  Since you are hard forced into slowing down, the cut-track penalty getting stuck kills you.OLD GAMEBREAKING BUG NOT YET LISTED:  Cars spawn in to the starting grid sidewise, upside down, backwards...  I.E. The game doesn't work sometimes when the race starts!OLD GAMEBREAKING BUG NOT YET LISTED: Sometimes when the race is over, the final results splash screen doesn't show up.  I.E. The entire room breaks, and you can't see what happened in the race.OLD GAMEBREAKING BUG NOT YET LISTED:  Rolling starts don't work.  AT ALL.OLD GAMEBREAKING BUG NOT YET LISTED:  Sometimes the game locks up on loading.NEW GAMEBREAKING BUG:  Tire system is broken.  Soft tires last as long as mediums or hards.  There is little to no real tire degradation.  There is very little tire strategy due to them being broken.OLD GAMEBREAKING BUG NOT YET LISTED: Severe controller (wheel) issues.  Sometimes the steering ratio is borked when you start up, and requires a game restart.  Some people get FFB bugs.  Some people need to recalibrate every single time they start up the game.  Horrible controller support for a full retail game.So to sum up, Project Cars 1 is missing a LOT ofbasic, necessary functionsa racing game needs to be just a normal racing game.  Maybe Project Cars 2 will fix it, but after fully investing in PCars1 and getting stiffed, I'll not be buying PCars2.Edit:  After seeing the utter incompetence of WMD in not fixing their game, I've decided to list the remaining gamebreaking bugs I hadn't yet listed."
,Not Recommended,234630,16629754,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,cole roddy,"update 2016: This is a glimpse of the game you are about to buy (i hope not)www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPWogDgRnfIYou can find many more on youtube.And this image below is the remarkable post by Ian Bell, head studio of Slighty Mad Studios (that he erased it  because he was getting too much love for it):http://i.imgur.com/J7wCj0X.pngupdate as of december 2015:here is a more in-depth review of this ""updated"" game, because mine is like Pcars in a nutshellhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/kacperflak/recommended/234630/Also... patch v6.0? They need to learn to count. More like v1.0.0.6 with a lot of paid DLC released while they (don't) fix the game. My old review stands still below.1-It's not finished to the point where is playable due to the many bugs. It's a beta and they released either way when it should be delayed a bit more2-Ian Bell is a d1ckhead when it comes to deal with criticism about his work and customers that don't agree with him3-They are not commited to fix the issues like they were while in closed beta where we had almost a new build with fixes and improvements per day4-They are already announcing Project Cars 2 without even fixing the first iteration of the franchise without any hesitation5-They expect crowd funding the second game like the first one, so they can raise another truckload of money, do a lot of PR bull♥♥♥♥ marketing again to sell it, and then run off the scene without even trying to finish the product, like they are doing with this one.REALLY? I mean... WTF! Good luck getting support with that. Maybe your closed community of proud crowdfounder fools will do. It's a shame, nonetheless."
,Recommended,234630,15719480,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SeanF1,"First race. Formula A at Spa.Crashed my car on the first corner, lost both front tires, car not moving.Engineer comes over the radio: ""From what we can see on the T.V, the damage looks light. Keep going"".11/10."
76561198125308129,Not Recommended,234630,15862647,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,joebob661,"I like the core game and enjoy it however, while the main selling point of this game is the graphics they are so poorly optomized for AMD rigs that I do not feel I can recommend this game to anyone running AMD hardware. I feel the after paying $50 for the game discovering it is so poorly made is a disapointment. If this game is 75% off or they fix the poor optomization then I would recomend buying it.Update:After having tried the game on windows 10 it works much better so if you have windows 10 then ignore the stuff about poor optimization."
76561198061176738,Not Recommended,234630,22837086,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ls13coco (Steady Bear),"I wanted to love pCars but the FFB is lazy, the physics are weird, the A.I are nutters, there's so many bugs and to top it off the studio head is a disrespectful tool that insults his customers if they have valid issues that they are reporting."
,Not Recommended,234630,15870714,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dumpster Jedi,Don't buy this game if you're and AMD owner and PLEASE consider not buying this game at all because of the anti consumer practices involved in building this game around Nvidia Physx that CANNOT run well on AMD cards. This kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥needs to be stopped.
76561198021072178,Not Recommended,234630,15875765,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,O.,"If you own an AMD graphics card DO NOT buy this game. It is built for Nvidia cards and the devs have no intention of supporting AMD users. If you have an Nvidia card then go for it, it'll probably run well. I have a R9 280X and this game dips as low as 10 fps at times. People with R9 290 cards also can't run it well. Do not waste your hard earned money on this game or this developer."
,Recommended,234630,25789830,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,maxv,"I will be comparing this game to its main competitor, which is Assetto Corsa. (cant account for rfactor 2 because i dont own that game).Having played both games, I think they both upsides and downsides.Project Cars feels, to me, like a more complete game than Assetto Corsa.You have a proper progressive career mode where you start out as a racer and choose which league you want to start out in, you have proper multiplayer in which you can easily host your own lobbies without any port-forwarding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.You have day/night time progression as well as various weather settings. You have complete control over each individual option in a race you create, whether it be assists, cars, AI/player count, practice session time, qualifying and the final race.Project Cars feels amazing with my G27 wheel.The graphics are the best of any sim racing game on the market today.Beautiful tracks, especially Azure Coast & California Highway.Okay, moving to the downsides of this game.-The physics are not the best in the genre by any means, a lot of oversteer and easily correctable which makes racing relatively *easy*, compared to Assetto Corsa where it is very biased on understeer which rewards you for proper driving.-The sounds are not realistic at all if you compare some cars to real life. It's as if every car's sounds are simulated with the car having 0 noise muffling even if it's a street car(Ford Mustang).-There are barely, if any, mods for this game so you're pretty much stuck with what you get + DLCs.-Speaking of DLCs, this game has many and are expensive for *barely* what you get.-The AI is incredibly horse♥♥♥♥♥♥and will always find a way to ram you, no matter how well(or bad) you drive. Move a bit to the right if an AI is overtaking you, and he will(for some reason) run into your♥♥♥♥♥and spin you out any way.ConclusionBoth games are good in their own way. It's all down to personal preference.Do you want a hotlapping simulator with the best physics in it's genre and modability?Or do you want a complete game with an amazing career mode, proper multiplayer and incredible visuals?"
76561197974673024,Recommended,234630,15719443,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NobleAtreides,"Congratulations SMS, Just lapped my first practice run, Nurburgring Nordschleife & Lotus 48I must say, I am speechless.on many counts.1) That Sun as I came to the Karussel, not sure if real sun, or CGI...2) that Lotus 48 sound, and the cockpit view, and the track... and and(still speechless)my hardware is 3 years old, and and, it's flawless (wondering why my GTX970 is in the mail if I should cancel it, it's running A-OK on my 5 year old GTX4603) my Thrustmaster wheel, it's AHALIVVVE!!4) I am a giddy 40 year old, you should see my gawk as I post this.5) Kazunori, and PD, I hope you're playing this and going back to the drawing board6) OMG i don't know what to do next, I know! (alt-tabbing)THANK YOU SMS, FLAWLESS EXECUTION.2 clicks to play the game, track, car, gounbelieveable.... still speechless, folks, gentlemen and women, do enjoy this epic craft of a game, well worth 50x this price."
,Not Recommended,234630,16052111,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ryethean,"I have held competition licenses for many years now, and I can tell you that this is so far off from a sim that it is laughable. Most reviews of this game come from people playing a controller. In it's own right I understand that not everyone will have a high end racing wheel to use. However, any real sim should be tested and reviewed at minimum with a controller and a wheel.First things first, I am not some crazy over the top fanboy. This game looks great. The interface is smooth, and has a very nice layout. The graphics put it in a league of its own. There are lots of little things that this game gets right that a lot of other racing games and sims alike seem to really muck up. This is one of the first games that I have played that did not immediately lock up the rear wheels when pulling the hand brake. On the subject of Brakes, this has a loose idea of something called Brake fade. The hotter the rotors get, the more distance the car will need to stop or slow down. The engine temp will rise and fall depending on ambient temperature, Driving style, clean air V.S. Drafting. It has a lot of small things done very well. It is one of the few where you can toggle the lights and see the effect on the environment. The different camera angles are spot on. There are true elements the devs wanted this game to be a sim.I want to like Project CARS. I really do, but I can't. This is not a sim. It is a game. Had it been marketed more as a game I would have loved it. In fact in early development it was. It changed rather abruptly near launch however. It became the ""Ultimate Driver Journey"" and ""For Racers by Racers."" None of the actual racers I know whether it is SCCA cone chasers or Rally America drivers had many things that we said put into this game. The end product actually turned out to be something some of us downright hated. The physics are buggy, sometimes you fall through the track, sometimes the car has more grip than it would on rails, other times it is like driving on ice. Collisions are far from sim level. You might be asking, "" Isn't the point of a sim not to crash?"" Absolutely, however mistakes happen on the track. It is a reality of the sport that drivers have to accept every time tires touch the track. This game has nearly no consequences for mistakes large or small. Hit a rumble strip too hard, nothing will happen. Bump a player or AI. Mild scratches. Really hit them, body damage and mild alignment failure. It seems really upsetting that games or sims in this genre really seem to ignore player punishment. The odd thing of it all is that is what players want. We want the aggravated feeling of throwing away the whole race over a miscalculation leading us to rip an oil pan off and blow an engine; Or the feeling of unspeakable pride when we finally master a track.I know that there are going to be bugs in a game like this. I am sure things like that lack of Force Feedback, or awkward dead-zones will eventually be fixed. There isn't a game out there that is trying to achieve this level of detail that wont have a few things to work out. I understand that, but there was so much potential that was just thrown away. It was like a sim that didn't know it wanted to be a sim. Driving feels disconnected and not very authentic.Project CARS is a good game, but just that. If you are a hard core racing sim seeker I would go into this game with the idea that it is not a sim. It is a fun and somewhat challenging racing game, but it will not meet all of your needs as a hardcore driving sim fan. In total I will give Project CARS a 77/100. The beautiful graphics and amazing attention to detail make this game stand out, but I can not forgive the vague sense of driving or the important bits that Slightly Mad Studios Gave up on. With that I can not recommend this Sim as a sim. It gets an ""Eh maybe"" as a game."
,Recommended,234630,24637372,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lhun,"1) the ""mixed"" reviews are coming from people who are expecting this game to behave like need for speed. This is a simulation. Your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ xbox controller will not give you the control required to play this game on it's maximum difficulty.2) The AI ""smashing into you"" And players ""smashing into you"" is YOUR fault. Learn what an apex is, and follow it. Learn your racing line and don't act like you own the road. Would you drive like this in a real car with your life and the life of others in your hands? No! Don't do it! They're hitting you because you're bad at racing. This game's physics isn't for casuals. Practice, practice, practice.Everyone says they want ""the most realistic driving simulation possible"". Slightly Mad gives it to you and the crybabies realize that they actually didn't want that. They want to feel like a racecar driver without realizing it takes actual skill. Go play need for speed.This is the single most incredible racing experence you can have in VR, if you have a proper racing wheel, and you want something that is a little forgiving and looks fantastic.It translates to real track time improvements, I feel, as long as you set the game to the hardest, full manual difficulty.The simulation is not 100% ... but it's damn close. It can be somewhat forgiving when it comes to damage or vehicle on vehicle impacts and so on - but the driving and road physics are top notch. If you don't drive like a lunatic and keep it on the track, the behavior is incredibly close to a real car.As someone who has raced in road course time attack in a real racecar, this is the closest you're going to ever get without splashing 20k on a racecar and making it your life: or getting a full motion sim rig and going all in on iracing."
,Recommended,234630,15734991,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,taoofjob,"I'm only 5+ hours into the game, and I really like it. I own Forza for XBox One and GT6 for PS3 so the first thing that stands out are the graphics on the PC... Wow!The loves.. I love that when you are racing in any city, that you feel like you are there.. the buildings in the distance are as detialed as the race track, the smog, the amazing weather affects.. as it starts to rain, it is on your windshield but not on the track, as it continues, you can see the rain puddle as the track stops absorbing it! And the sunset hitting the clouds as the rain stops.. Wow again.The likes.. I like that there are 7 views possible for racing: bumper, hood, left/mid/right driver view, windshield, and above behind. I like that the controller is very responsive.. I haven't tried my G27 with it yet. And I like that it feels as though it has a lot of potential..The dislikes.. Where are the cars? There are 74ish cars. And I'm sure that there are lots more coming.. but that's just it.. it doesn't seem finished. From the menus, to the woman explaining each part, it doesn't feel as polished as the actual racing. I couldn't figure out how to quit the game! Why would I want to? The cars come fully modified. Meaning there is nothing to buy. But you can fine tune every detail from +/- .1% toe in angle, to shock height etc. But don't take too long cause the practice, or qualifier timer is still running.. and you want to qualify for one of the top 4 spots or forget it. When I have started in 16th I have usually ended up in 16th.So to sum up. If you want a racing game that is exceptionally detailed visually, has great car control (for the cars it has), and has a lot of potential. This is it."
76561198170403889,Recommended,234630,29361251,Posted: 19 January,all,Tiozão do Pavê,"Ever dreamt of becoming a professional race driver? Racing insanely fast, exotic cars through extremely demanding speedways, facing fierce competition from other drivers and manufacturers, negotiating lucrative work and sponsorship agreements, while avoiding the paparazzi and guarding your private affairs like your life depended on it? If you do, then maybe we have something or other in common. The passion for racing and the curiosity about paddock and backstage affairs like contract negotiations, unveiling of new models, new driver and team entries and the occasional industrial espionage get people like me extremely excited for no apparent reason to the uninitiated or the frankly uninterested. And, while watching races from the TV can be really satisfying, having the opportunity to get in touch with the world of professional racing and experience the joys and pains of auto racing (even if through a computer simulation) brings such satisfaction to a whole new level.Project CARS (acronym for ""Community-Assisted Racing Simulator) brings the paddock to your home. Its deep, comprehensive Career Mode allows for progression not only through different racing disciplines (from go-karts to prototypes), but there also is an element of personal development in the game. The player has to manage one's inbox, where contract offers, event invitations and notices are sent, and keep track of scheduled races for a given period. There is also a Twitter-like ""social network"" system that allows the player to see the reaction from the fans and the media, something that adds a nice bit of off-track experience and helps to make things even more interesting. Many wins in a row may lead to invitational events, tests and even contract offers from other teams and promotions to other motorsport categories; the standard starting point of the career mode is go-kart racing, but there is the option of skipping some steps or even racing at the top level, Le Mans Prototypes. It sure does work differently than other simulation or ""simcade"" titles like Gran Turismo and Forza Motorsport, whose ""simulation/world tour"" modes possess a more open structure, not being career and discipline progression-oriented like Project CARS; it really gives the sensation of being a real racer starting from the bottom, aiming at the top ranks of motor racing.Mind you, Project CARS is not a game for the uninitiated or the uninterested. It is, actually, a quite demanding racing simulator, having an intricate simulation model which tries (and generally succeeds) to replicate real-life vehicle behaviour. Much like Assetto Corsa and rFactor, PCARS requires accurate driving; cars behave and respond to inputs as they should, and that means that any driving mistake could send you to the pitwall in a matter of milliseconds, especially when driving faster cars like the Audio R8 V10 Plus or the Sauber-Mercedes C9. Effects like g-forces, weight transfer and body roll are reproduced, and the game gives out the sensation that the player is in control of a real automobile, especially when using a steering wheel like the Logitech G series wheels. Shaving off those precious tenths of a second from your lap times requires mastery of the use of the clutch pedal and the shifter, precise braking and absolute control of the gas pedal, in addition to learning how to set your car properly for each circuit. PCARS lets the player adjust every bit  of the vehicle - shock absorbers, ride height, transmission, aerodynamics and so on -, although the car settings are not as deep as what was offered by GTR2 or rFactor. Finding out the best setup for each car and track is extremely rewarding, and at the same time is a tough challenge. Real drivers Ben Collins (a.k.a. Top Gear's The (former) Stig), Nicholas Hamilton and Oliver Webb assisted during the development of the game.The learning curve is steep (as with any other simulation out there), and players are encouraged to take their time to learn each track and learn how to handle each vehicle, as each one of them responds very differently to inputs - as any real car would. A good idea is to start by driving the less powerful cars, like the Renault Clio and the Formula Junior cars, around easier tracks like Monza, and then progressing to harder tracks and more powerful cars, like the GT and Formula A vehicles. Fortunately though, there are plenty of driving aids like automatic clutch and gear shift, braking help and best line indicator, which could be very helpful for those interested in learning the ropes but not experienced with racing simulators.The car list, though not impressive like its rival titles, is enough to keep the player interested, and has got some real gems, like the Sauber C9 and the Lotus-Renault 97T once driven by Ayrton Senna and Elio de Angelis (although there are some important cars, in my opinion, that are missing, like the Nissan Skyline and the Honda NSX). But the track department is where this game shines: the game includes around one hundred different courses (some of these being separate sections of full courses), like the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza and the Circuit de la Sarthe (host of the 24 Heures du Mans), a knock-off of the Suzuka Circuit (aptly named Sakitto, ""circuit"" in Japanese language), as well as fictional locations.The graphics are marvelous. Every car is faithfully recreated from the headlamps to the steering wheel, and the environments are lush, rich with trees, roadside buildings and objects. Lighting and shadow effects are top-notch; the sunlight passing through the trees by sunset is definitely exquisite, and puddles of water scattered through the track after heavy rain (one of the most cosmetically appealing rain simulations I've ever seen, as a matter of fact) actually reflect their surroundings. Grass and particles are believable, and their level and quality can be adjusted by the player. When played at the maximum settings, although very CPU and GPU-consuming, Project CARS becomes a serious showcase; however, PCARS remains incredibly good-looking even at lower settings. The sensation of speed is so good it's really hard to describe - but it really makes the competition eat dust.Sound is also excellent. Apparently, engine sound was captured directly from the real thing, and hearing the engine roaring while cruising in a long straightaway like Monza's is exhilarating. Other sounds, like gearbox whirring, tires and brake discs screeching, suspension movement and crashes are very realistic and help in immersing the player in the experience of driving pure-bred racing cars on virtual circuits. Radio chatter is also available - the pit crew advises the player on any accidents during the race, or when to come into the pits, or any issues with the car.There is one flaw, though - AI. No, its not bad. Really. The computer-controlled racers shows believable responses to every racing situation and act sportsmanlike for most of the time... except when playing with AI levels above 85 - then, the carnage begins. Racers become almost suicidal, crashing  in spectacular fashion, messing up race starts in a way that even a total novice wouldn't (pile-ups and missing wheels are a rather frequent sighting) and wreaking havoc at every curve. Imagine yourself having an almost-perfect race, attacking every corner with surgical precision, leading the pack, heading to the checkered flag... only to be hurled off the track by a raging maniac. Frustrating enough? Well, at least you were not knocked out at the very beginning at the event.Multiplayer is excellent. All cars and tracks are available for selection, and the game sessions are, for most of the time, stable (depending on your connection speed and quality, that is). Like the single player mode, the host player can adjust the duration of the race (in laps or minutes), time of the day (continued in the comments section - character limit reached)"
,Recommended,234630,32660092,Posted: 22 June,all,acdcdave1387,"IMPORTANT NOTE:Like sim racing and looking for something realistic? Turn away.Like car games and looking to branch out into using a wheel for the first time and learning how to properly race? Perfect title for you.I missed out on the opportunity to buy into this while it was gathering crowdfunding. I had to wait years before I could finally get my hands on. I was so utterly disappointed with the end results and am happy I didn't waste any money on it back then.The simulation just isn't ""real"" enough. There is a level of ""arcadeyness"" that doesn't seem to go away. The biggest way to see it is to rapidly tap the throttle pedal really quickly while idling. In normal sims the throttle will jump up and down matching your foot. In this game, bouncing the pedal only yields solid throttle response in game. This probably isn't making sense to you but if you play around enough you will notice the game just doesn't feel like a proper sim compared to others. This made it hard to heel-toe and really killed it for me.The car and track selection is great though and for someone looking to get into sim racing, you can easily use this as a stepping stone towards more realistic experiences elsewhere.Everything looks and sounds great but the AI is absolutely terrible. The game just isn't up my alley so I had to put it to bed."
,Not Recommended,234630,16603715,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jjb100,Im disappointed.Bought it during sale because it looked good and thought it would act like a really good  car game but sadly there are too many down sides to warrant it being such a high price and released game.Tires blow up after pit stopping which is mandatory but can be fixed by changing settigns which is a pest.AI cheats and takes pit stop on last lap meaning they get 22 seconds ahead of you and steal an unfair win.AI dont respect your car and they will not move from race line and this causes them to hit you and push you off.Penalties dont apply to AI but they do to you so if your pushed off by them they get away free but you penalised.Overall its a good game but really needs bug fixing instead of bring out more fancy cars.
,Not Recommended,234630,15732125,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mud Dragon,"If you have an AMD card, stay away.This game does not work well with AMD cards.For now it's not recommended.Edit:This is my spec.Windows 8.1Intel i7 3770k quad core CPU (8 logical with HT), clocked at 4.2GHz.16GB RAMAMD R9 295X2 (2x8GB) GPUSSD 256 GB Storage.I've heard AMD are working on it together with the developer of the game, so hopefully it will be fixed soon. Also, not everyone with AMD cards seem to be having problems, looks like it could be the higher-end-cards, like 290 290x, 295x.I'm using the 15.4 AMD driver. I also disabled one of the 290x's in my setup, still not working well. So, it's not only an SLI problem. Check the forums, and benchmarks, at least some AMD cards are not doing well with this game so far.I tried disabling Hyper-threading and that actually helps, but it does not solve the performance issue."
,Not Recommended,234630,15874238,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Morten,"Handling, physics and force feedback is not as good as Assetto Corsa.  Game runs terrible on every AMD card. Framerate goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥when a lot of smoke is generated, using AMD cards, because of the heavy Gamework title. It's fun, but its not the king of all racing sims."
,Not Recommended,234630,22841569,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr. Beerscuit,"This is my OWN EXPERIENCE with the game, good for you if the game is perfect to your standards.One word to describe this game: FrustratingFrustrating when you find out this game has a terrible progression system, specially because the same devs did Shift 2 that actually had a great progression system with credits and car tuning and customization.Frustrating when you are in the last lap and something goes wrong because of the game and its bugs.Frustrating that every bad thing that happens to you never feels that it was your fault, other ""simulators"" transmit this feeling way better and makes you improve, PCARS just makes your Rage meter go up.Frustrating when you need to research how to make the Force Feedback Wheel feel good tweaking the very complicated and confusing settings in EVERY car because the default FFB is terrible and you can't feel what the car is doing.Frustrating when they broke promises of features and starts ANOTHER crowdfunding caimpaing for PCARS 2 just a few weeks after the PCARS 1 release riddle with bugs.Frustrating to feel that the physics don't improve with new updates.Frustrating when you feel that there is something wrong with how aerodynamics works in this game.And frustrating because there is a ""Game of the Year Edition"" now, indication that they probably will drop further improvements to the game.I put hours and hours into the game hoping for this game to get a proper polish but enough.Bought into the hype, the hype let me down hard, you gotta give them credits, they know how to do marketing for this mediocre example of self-proclamed ""racing simulator"" game which is not.The only thing that could make this game good is the addition of a progress/customization system like in Shift 2 because besides the graphics, everything else it is just mediocre at best."
76561197996256309,Not Recommended,234630,15880852,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,parker33,"If they fix the ai... this game would be a lot of fun, but it is just too frustrating to race them. They have, for me, qualified 30 seconds faster than what should be possible with the car/track combination. Half the field (even ai) qualify with 1:30, while 10 or so cars are qualifying 1:02-1:01 at Outlon with the formula C car... Then when you try to race them it is just awful. They don't react to the terrain (such as gravel, which is like glue to you, the player, but the ai seem unaffected), they follow their terrible racing line whether you're trying to pass or not, they smash into you constantly, and they sometimes fly off the road at full speed into a chicane or hairpin (even on 100%). I'm not the fastest and 100% ai is pretty easy to beat on most car/track combinations. If the driving was amazing I might even look past it (I do for AC's ai woes) but the driving is pretty meh. Honestly, wait for a few patches and see where it's at. Stock Car Extreme is a far superior product, or even AC."
76561197999399086,Not Recommended,234630,33695773,Posted: 21 July,all,istee104,"To be honest, driving cars in this game is great. Many people argues if it's a real sim or not, I'd say it's pretty close in some aspects, but far off in many aspects too, but I'm not writing this review to discuss that part of the game, I put it in just to give some perspective on my opinion of the whole game.But the amount of bugs that are still in the game is just unbelievable. This game has been out for more than 2 years, it is still buggy as hell, what's worse, is that all of the bugs that are present now, were there right at the beginning too.Just to name some:- Sometimes you are blocked in the pit lane when starting a race, you cannot go out, cannot do anything besides quitting. (This has just happened to me again.)- After the previously mentioned bug appears, when you quit to the menu, sometimes the whole game freezes on the loading screen.- The chat box moves up and down when scrolling through the messages in the lobby.- Sometimes the messages written in the chat box don't get displayed when sent from the lobby, but it works if you go out on track and chat from there- Cars remain on the starting grid, sometimes you can drive through them, sometimes you can't no matter if ghosting is enabled or not.Other really annoying thing is that when you lap a slower player online, he/she can ram you without any problem. I don't think that it would so hard to ghost these vehicles automatically.Cut detection is a mess, there are places where you can cut the track, but there are places where you miss a braking point and end up in the ditch, but you can also have a penalty for cutting the track. Also the way that penalties work is just ridiculous. If someone cuts a corner in front of you, hold on to your controller, because you are going to crash. Why can't players be ghosted when they receive a 5 second penalty? It makes no sense this way. I won't even go into the details of a chaotic race starts which happen almost every time. ""Funny"" thing is when someone bumps into you in the first corner with more that 100 km/h difference in speed, and guess what, you get a penalty for cutting the corner. Just a typical race start at Monza for example...In single player the AI is so bad, no sense for overtaking whatsoever, when you fast-forward time in a practice they suddenly do much better lap times than you, on one track you can even drift the whole race and they can't even get near you, but on other tracks you can't do anything they're so fast.Oh, I almost forgot the brilliantly engineered lap timer that is implemented in this game. How can you make a bad lap timer? It's not that hard, is it? Well this games accomplished that. When you are in qualifying and racing, you cannot see any other lap time, just your own laps. Yeah you know that some guy is in front of you, and that you are behind 2 minutes of him on track, but you have no clue what his lap time is... Also when you do a personal best sector, the game tells you, that you had the best sector time, and at first I thought that I was Michael Schumacher. Every sector was a best sector when I first tried, I was so happy, until I crossed the start/finish line and found out I was only 5th. Why the hell does the game tell me that I was the fastest, if I wasn't? Why the hell can't it show me a gap to the first position? The game designers should have just watched an F1 race to get a sense of how to do it, but no they reinvented the wheel, and they did a bad job doing it.All in all, I hope that Project Cars 2 will live up to the hype, and will be the game we hoped the first part would be, but this one caused me so much headache, that it will be hard to erase from my memories."
,Not Recommended,234630,17323440,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,o===00===o || oh two,"The game sure is pretty - but for everything that you see in the menus, it's really just a fancy overlay on really basic races. No car customization, nothing to do in career mode except click to the next race, deep track list, but most (all?) not laser scanned which contributes to the lack of feel while driving.I thought I would buy Assetto Corsa as a holdover to this game, but it wasn't worth the wait. Assetto Corsa doesn't pretend to be all of the things that PCars says it is... but at least it delivers on the racing simulation."
,Recommended,234630,27321338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drue,"Game is amazing. Looks beautiful, physics are amazing, rain effects are insane. Game is great and for $12 its a steal. I mean really a steal. Get the game."
,Recommended,234630,15946590,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Octavarium,"[Reviewed using a Logitech g27 set]A solid single-player racing game. The physics are really forgiving when compared to iRacing, but overall they are solid. The Career mode is good, and provides you with a lot of opportunities to drive all different kinds of cars while still giving you a ""season""-style experience. The emails and feedback you get from your racing directors are repetitive though... not sure why they are even there considering they say the exact same thing over and over again, to the letter.Major con against the game would be the trash AI. Open-wheel racing is near impossible due to the AI's desire to wreck you. In closed-wheel cars its less of an issue, but its a major frustration elsewhere. Also, the multiplayer is unpopulated and disappointing.If you want a good single player racing game, get Project Cars. If you want a competitive multiplayer racing game, get iRacing."
,Not Recommended,234630,16663400,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mekanikol,"I want to like this game.  I do like it, mostly.  The proble is that the controls don't feel realistic at all.  Not even close.  Even after pouring a good chunk of time into changing every concievable aspect most cars come off feeling like you are driving either a heavy truck or like you're driving on ice.  This game is totally unfinished and feels like a beta release.  the graphics are 7/10.  The driving physics are hit and miss but not even close for something claiming to be a sim, so 5/10. The AI is garbage and on rails.  I'm not great, by any means, but I know smart AI drivers when I see them and this ain't it.  I bought this thinking there might be some support for it but it turns out they are already looking to PCars 2.  Ah well.  I'd say it's worth $15, not the $30 I spent.  Even on sale, this game feels like it's asking too much.  I appreciate the attempt, but the excecution falls WAY short of what is now industry standard.  I'm not new to driving sims or arcades titles and this is neither one.Edit:  Something else to mention is the disappointing lack of customization and small car roster.  VERY small overall roster of vehicle brands given the deep field of vehicle brands in the racing community."
,Recommended,234630,15743148,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,pleclair,"EDIT 08/21/15:  Now over 200+ hours in, 12000+km driven on the nord.... pCars is still the best.  When your first racing game was pole position on the atari, playing pCars is such a treat.EDIT:  Over 100+ hours in, and 5000+ km driven on the nord... pCars is the best.  Have a look at these videos.Clio Cup AI Race 70%, starting lasthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYECxrlwRkAClio Cup AI Race 80%, starting lasthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pX1ae6S3eA8Clio Cup AI Race 100%, starting firsthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzUoX1u7azoGT4 AI Race 100%, starting last, thunderstorm, rain, foghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfxSYh9ABYQFord Escort Mk1 banger race, AI 100%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVMiG2Qz1ysLotus 98T 97% turbo Time Trialhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rePGdCcAHEAFormula C Time Trialhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Meq4R2NTsEMSo you can compare, here are videos in rF2 and AC:rFactor 2 (AI 100%):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwFr9dfHmBkAC (AI 100%):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J_t29EsO44Well, I hate to say this but pCars is nothing short of amazing.Why do I hate saying this?  Since 2012, I've been a huge fan of rFactor 2, probably spent more than 2000-3000 hrs on it since then.  I also have more than 600 hrs with Assetto Corsa, and I came back to rFactor 2, because AC is so shallow.  The visuals sure are better than rF2, but everything feels gimmicky.  Lots of canned effects, and after a while, the initial wow factor wear off very quickly.If you like to race single player, than AC is pretty much only hotlapping, if you have any driving skills, the AI is very weak.So I like rFactor 2 AI a lot..  it feels very natural in most cases.I have not been part of the alpha phase of pCars, since I learned about it, and the registration were closed.Knowing this was SMS, those who made Shift series, I expected something like it, but maybe more oriented toward sim.I also expected the game to run far from the visuals I have seen in screenshots and video, since my rig is pretty modest:Phenom II X4 9658gb generic ramgtx 580 1.5gbAnd yet, the game runs silky smooth at native resolution of 1920x1080, with AA, track details ultra, grass ultra, most other settings high, reflection mid, and the game looks pretty good, miles better than I would have hoped.I started the game with more conservative settings, and bumped them up a few times, and this is what I'm running now.I'm playing the game with a stock g27, and the feedback is nothing short of stellar.  It blows AC out of the water.There are so many settings to tailor the game how you want it,  I've played with FFB settings, and managed to get feedback almost identical to AC, and with some different settings, feedback like rF2.   I'm now playing with something in between.  Feels very good.The UI is excellent, looks good, clean, but could use more usability refinement.  Going to options to adjust settings is too many clicks away.  The same when you run hotlaps.  We could have the leaderboard showing there, instead of having to go back to the menu, in leaderboard (and it doesnt remember the car you have selected, so you need to select the car you are running) and then you see where you stand.But having the leaderboard integrated like this and the possibility to load up any ghosts from there is a huge feature, if you are like me, and like to improve your lap times by running time trials.  I play mostly single player.  Haven't tried multi-player yet, but I wouldn't expect much from public lobbies.So far, I'm nearing 2000km driven on the nordschleife exclusively, as I haven't tried any other tracks, and this one is brilliant.After seeing this version, one might question if Kunos really laser scanned their nordschleife, since the elevation changes don't look proper after nordkhere, thru hatzenbach, and hocheichen.  This version seems to nail it on spot.One thing Kunos have done better tho, is the attention to details regarding the bushes, the fully modelled terrain (this seems to use a few layer of cardboard mountains) and curbs.  In this version, most higher curbs seems to have been lowered, and they don't quite have the shape they should.  They are made so you can run over most of them.  A little bummer, but it is indeed more interesting as you have more racing surface to use.   Also Kunos have dirtied the x bricks seen in the inside of the karussell and other locations, SMS did not.  Kunos also added 3d grass on the outside of those brick.. it looks nicer this way.  SMS x bricks looks brand new.Physics are what you would expect from a sim.  I haven't played with aids or anything, so I dunno how far from sim it can become if you don't play as I do, but in my book, it's a sim.  Pure sim.  It doesn't lack much options either.You can fine tune FOV for EVERY view, independantly, and there are more options for anything than you probably want.  If you are a console gamer, you will definately feel lost.  But play with a setting, and go back in game and see what it does.  If you use the helmet camera, there is quite a few options to set exactly how you want your view.The car setups are as detailed as any sims would be.  The numbers used for setting might not be values in real life, such as downforce for wings, it's not in degree, but a fictive number.  But does it really matter for the targeted audience?  F1 drivers wont be traning professionally with this...  neither they are training with rF2, but instead rFactor pro..    but the game could probably be turned into a pro version to train pro drivers.So, if you are like me and have every sim there is, like rFactor 2, AC, BeamNG, WRS, GSCE, etc, then you have to give this one a try, specially if you are more into single player like I do.  The integrated leaderboard will keep you honing your skills as you defend your position in it.I haven't tried to race the AI much, but have done one race, and it seemed very good.  Might not be at rFactor 2 level, but it's probably the next best.  Well, with rF2, I'm also counting all gmotor engine based game... so that includes GSCE and more...  at least the recent ones... I'm not sure for rFactor 1 itself, would have to play it again.I'm delighted with pCars and I will be playing this for a long time to come I think.Good job SMS!"
76561198215646153,Not Recommended,234630,22926885,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,PinnerGnome,"Game looks great, graphics are top notch - however, the gameplay, AI is terrible. Worst of all, cars feel like they are driving on ice and you have to change the steering settings far too often. Its much harder to drive a car around a corner than it is in real life..and the excuse of ""its a fast race car"" actually cannot justify the slippery steering and inconsistent tyre movements of the car handling in the game. Career mode is really boring, and online play is lacking, it takes too long to find a good room. No option of automatic race/join."
,Recommended,234630,23781397,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Animera,"My hours played speak for themselves.I've been playing racing games for close on 30 years and I've never felt the immersion that I get from Project CARS. This game really makes you feel like you're in a car, in a race, with real weather and time of day.If you're really into racing games and have a wheel, then this game will not disappoint.However, if you try to drive like NFS or GT, then you're going to be punished."
76561197969873375,Not Recommended,234630,16632342,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,mutton,Played for an hour and refunded it. Gonna stick with Assetto Corsa.
,Not Recommended,234630,15870586,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jibbed,"Edit: One year later, online is still woefully underdeveloped and the AI is no better. Poor effort, SMS.I've had a roller-coaster of a journey with this game, and it can be brilliant when it works. Right now, the terrible AI and MP issues are destroying the experience for me.Wait a few weeks for SMS to iron issues out. It's not worth £40 in its current state."
,Recommended,234630,23315893,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,S4b1n,"It's probably the best mix of simulation & tracks & cars that is currently out there, in my opinion. The force feedback and the handling are lacking compared to Assetto Corsa, but the vehicle range and track range I would say compensates for that. Then again, Project Cars 1 development and DLCs might be finished, the way I see it, while Assetto Corsa continues to bring new content.Sometimes it can be glitchy, and usually a patch fixes one bug and introduces another. That's quite annoying. Nevertheless, a nice experience, and a pleasure for me to drive, especially in online multiplayer. I remember trying career at some point, but I found it incredibly boring and never touched it since."
,Not Recommended,234630,17370372,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tw,"When this game will be finished?I try really hard to like this game but...UPDATING REVIEW 05/03/2016More DLCs.Same Bugs.Poor Car setup system where you can't save more than one setup by car.Poor options system where you need back to main menu just to change minimal settings, you can't even setting controll map in a session.Medium physics even for a SimCade game.Disappointment.Really not recommended game.UPDATING REVIEW 30/11/2015My god, more dlc and the game still broken!Unfinished.But wait, i see they are busy developing more dlcs and Project Cars 2 for more money."
,Not Recommended,234630,16346754,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mister Sprinkles,"If I ever make a let-down list, this game will be close to the top of it. I followed it's progress in the few months leading up to release and thought ""Wow, this game looks amazing. AND it's a racing sim. Perfect!""What I got (in my humble opinion) was neither amazing, nor a racing sim. Or perfect, for that matter.I started my first career with the first tier of karts, which I quickly learned was a huge mistake. The physics and handling models applied to them were so atrocious that I wanted to vomit. Not from motion-sickness or anyting, but because they were so bad. Yes, 125cc karts are lightweight and hug the road, but the handling was just way too unresponsive and twitchy with an xbox360 controller.After forcing myself to finish a season of the karts career, I decided to try one of the events in which I get to drive a proper road car. During qualifying, it started to rain heavily after about 2 laps and I had posted the 2nd fastest time while the track was still dry. After pitting and getting 'wet' tires put on my car, I noticed that the AI were consistently crushing my posted lap time even with racing slicks in a torrential downpour, sending me back to 13th place. Now, I'm no expert on tire physics, but I've seen enough F1 races to know you can't drive soft-compund racing slicks in the rain and expect to have the slightest bit of grip. I thought unfair AI advantages were something of old arcade racers like NFS and not new racing ""sims""? The handling was better with the cars but still not what i would call simulation-like.I cannot comment on the supposedly beautiful graphics because I'm running 2+ year-old laptop hardware,(Intel i7 @ 2.4ghz, 3.2ghz with turbo and NV GTX 765m graphics)but I would get sudden drops in FPS from 60 to about 45 that would last a few seconds while running medium-ish settings.The game does, however, have a large selection of tracks and a nice selection of cars from what i saw. A little more variety in some of the car classes would have been nice, though, like the open wheels.I was excited to pick this up on sale, but now I'm excited to hear back about a refund.UPDATE:Less than 2 days after requesting a refund, my request was approved even though I have well over 2 hours spent on the game.If you like your racing ""sims"" with a  side of twitchy, unresponsive, and inconsistent handling with terrible AI, then by all means, go for it.But if I were you, I'd wait this game out and see if they patch some of the issues that I've seen."
,Recommended,234630,22629357,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LevelDockSix_,"Aaahh,Project C.A.R.S.I really do love this game, despite the 100% justified complaints and criticism it has garnered. Kart racing in this game has actually improved my IRL go-karting tremendously.I'm not exactly an experienced driver when it comes to racing wheels; I use a DF GT on my rig whenever time permits me to play PCars, but what I do play I enjoy thoroughly. The game could be considered sim-cade'ish, but its leaning towards sim' so yeah, but AC is probably a better choice for pure driving. Car selection in PCars however is the♥♥♥♥♥♥for racing oriented vehicles, street not so much (although DLCs are fixing that).My only criticism with AC (which I consider a better racer in terms of driving physics and such), and mostly the reason I prefer to play PCars over AC atm is the presentation and UI.AC's UI is IMHO garbage, it plain sucks. I use a 3K display monitor and the way the game is set up between the menus and the actual driving part is ""bleh"" to say the least because of windows scaling issues. It's not very user friendly is what I would say.PCars on the other hand is more welcoming,sort of.You can't really save multiple tuning setups for the same car so that's a gigantic PITA, and configuring my wheel took forever (I haven't played in a few months, some of my complaints may have been resolved, who knows).And it has to be said, the announcement of PCars2 shortly after release was a bit infuriating, but at least it doesn't exactly seem like they have stopped support for THIS game so we'll see how it goes.Multiplayer in this game is eh I guess, not really much in way of variety. I LOVE the track day pub sessions (which is primarily the only sessions I ever come across), lots of cars with both good and bad drivers behind them swerving around tracks like Francorchamps or the Dubai Autodrome (my two favourite courses), and of course the lovely Nordschleife ;)I'd give it a 7-8/10, game has a lot of good in it, but the bads do outweigh it. Definitely try it out if you're into racing sims, and ABSOLUTELY use a wheel.[/b]"
76561198027980531,Not Recommended,234630,17766543,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,bludd billz,A pretty game that is absolutely unfinished. Glitch after glitch after glitch. I don't even know if the AI lap times are real anymore. Sometimes coming into the pits to tune your car during practice ends in AI cars having turned laps 16 seconds faster than you! Game is not finished. Stay away!
76561198058175348,Recommended,234630,21120335,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Quantum Effect,"Project Cars certainly is a very controversial game without a doubt, but something that confuses me is that people who dislike the game never really justify their reasons or provide proof to the technical issues within this game.I am going to say straight up, I have grown up around plenty of racing games through the years (Project Gotham Racing, Forza 3/4, Rally Cross, V8 Supercars 2 etc.) and its clear that this is one of those games that really quite is timeless. To be honest it seems like Project cars has taken little bits of each racing game I have played and combined it into one mass production.PROS:The Graphics- Simply stunning, this has to be one of the most realistic games I have purchased in quite a while and certainly does impress (provided you have the specs to push it)The Gameplay- When it comes to racing, nothing is more important than playing a game which is fast paced and competitive, there are plenty of settings that accomodate for difficulty, weather, time and day to customize to your every need. If you want, you can have a Sunday drive in a classic vehicle on some of the worlds most famous roads, or have a heartracing encounter at bathurst behind the wheel of a true racecar.The Cars- If you like your cars, this is the game for you. There is a mass selection of cars that are available (without purchasing DLC packs) and you can also expand your garage and buy unique cars and show them off to other players.CONS:AI- When racing in a Singleplayer game, you would expect the AI to be somewhat realistic to online racers, but its dissappointing to see when your going for a pass (particularly on tight tracks) that the other cars seem to sway for no apparent reason, some even running of the track when making turns. Now this may not be a major issue and could even be fixed via difficulty settings, but its not a major setback.Online- Probably the most annoying thing in this game is the online community, yes there are people that do actively engage in Project CARS, but there certainly could be a heap more people that play. Its never really common to find a game that has more than 20+ people in the one race, but there are always racing groups which you can join and then play with them (I do that, because not many Australians play this in my opinion)Car Customisation- Please dont be fooled by the title, but Project CARS does not let you customise/ modify any of the cars (all you can do is customise liveries), not a big issue if your just into racing.Overall, this game certainly puts pressure onto Forza and Gran Turismo, as it really makes you feel like you are playing a professional racing simulator. There are arcade elements to the game, but if you want fast cars and pure racing, this is the game for you. Aside from the negatives, this game is thoughrougly enjoyable and will give you a pleasent suprise when you start to get into it. I can guarantee, if you spend the time to effectively tune and work on your car, you will be hooked for hours.(Just a note, I use an Xbox 360 controller and am getting a Logitech racing set to play)Rating- A (84/100)"
76561198032123047,Recommended,234630,30518682,Posted: 14 March,all,Badsell,I've been putting in a little work now and then. Started out driving like a 90 year old blind man and now I've progressed to a cocky 16 year old girl driving her dads suped up Mini Cooper. Only 100 hours in though. Check back in a year. You'll prob find me hanging out with Kimi Raikkonen and the boysI highly recommend training on PJ Cars before stealing dads newly restored Alfa Romeo..
76561198011131911,Recommended,234630,15719090,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TMoney,"Project CARS is truly a next generation sim experience.  This game is really something special and an evolution in racing and gaming in general backed by the power of WMD.  Raising the bar to new levels from the [literally] jaw dropping visuals to the high levels tuning and technicalities of the tire simulation.  There's so much to talk about from the dynamic weather that can mimic real world conditions, a deep career with realistic and challenging AI, a complex damage and wear system, to the solid arsenal of cars and tracks made to the highest of standards you really need to see to believe.Developed by racers, for racers, where our opinions and ideas actually made a difference with the outcome of the game.  With that said, is it perfect?  No.  It's not without a few bugs here and there but I can tell you SMS will be supporting it and patching things in well into the future.  The level of detail and high standards shows you just how much they care about it.  If you're a gearhead and/or like racing games I highly recommend getting your hands on this.A word to the competition: The bar has been raised.  So step your game up!Disclaimer:I was a Team Member (2nd lowest toolpack). I have virtually nothing to gain from the success of this game. I logged nearly 500 hours during the development period simply because I couldn't stop playing it. I advise you to wait for more reviews to start rolling in if you feel my opinion is biased."
76561198032612511,Not Recommended,234630,17340333,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DeadContent,"DONT BUY, soooo many bugs, i get random lag spikes. it changed my settings randomly so now i have acceleration lag and steering lag (it doesnt accelerate when i push the button immediatly, or does it steer correctly.waste of 50€ for a game they allready are making a sequal for???"
,Not Recommended,234630,16000678,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gauge,"The A.I. is honestly some of the worst A.I. I've ever seen.  All A.I. cheats in these racing games, they have to or you would crush them.  The way this game is though, it is 1990's bad.  Here is a list of the things the A.I. can and does do.1.  Ram you because they brake later.2.  Brake later because physics are not applied evenly.3.  When they do ram you, they are a brick and you are a bouncy ball (see evenly applied physics).4.  Go off the track and accelerate past you  because the grass doesn't effect them at all.5.  Drive in the rain on slicks.6.  Drive faster than is allowed by the rolling start rules.  You will literally start slower than they do, so they immediately pass you.7.  Take turns faster than you possibly can, they have the grip of the gods, see evenly applied physics.Honestly this game's A.I. is so horrendously bad I think GT2's was better in the 90's. It's like they cut and pasted this right out of a need for speed game.  Save your money, I wish I could get mine back.  I would much rather be playing Gran Turismo even though its sound quality is awful.  I wish so much that I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,234630,20209212,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LithiumFox,"Pros:It is a racing game, And it runs relatively well on a razer blade while using an Xbox controller in a different state from your main computer.Cons:It was sold as a genre redefining racing simulation using the community to help with creating all of our wildest dreams. Instead we get a half-baked buggy representation of racing (after 6 patches the Career karting will STILL occasionally not count the first lap you take), on top of poorly done physics, and in general just... It's gross.Do yourself a favor and at least get rFactor 1. If not, rFactor 2, assetto corsa, even R3E would be better.I'm partial to IRacing myself, but would still rather people buy any of those other games. (Also they have pretty cool devs.)"
76561198046405024,Recommended,234630,23233655,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Captain Slow,"After 140h of playing Project CARS I would like to share my thoughts about this game. First of all let me state that I play with a Geforce GTX980 and a T500 RS + Th8A using the natural transmission type of the individual cars (i.e. clutch + H-shifter / sequential with paddles / sequential with shifter). In addition I mostly stick to the single player career mode with the following settings:- opponent strength of 80%- a session length of 30%- helmet camera- full damageand the following assists enabled:- traction control,- anti-lock brake,- stability control- partially visible racing lineAt the beginning I started to play with all assists off except racing line but found it way too time consuming to get used to the different cars' handling in order to achieve decent results. Even with the above-mentioned assists enabled, most cars are far from having a handling like being on rails. With many cars you always have to take care of not going full throttle in bumpy corners, on curbs or revving too high in low gears. So in essence this is for me by no means a casual game, but a game where you have to be fully awake and be willing to take the full grind of training, qualifying and race. For each event I am in absolute need of the training to get a feeling for the car and the track. With some car beasts or tracks one training session isn't even enough for me.Let's get to the pros and cons:+ excellent graphics, especially the lighting and rain effects+ dynamic weather and time-of-day changes+ many different cars and car classes+ many different tracks with different layouts+ many of the cars and tracks are great fun to drive+ immense feeling of immersion in helmet camera view, especially in the open wheelers+ nice sound+ good FFB (I use Jack Spade's tweaker files)+/- very demanding and time consuming to master the different cars and tracks+/- opponent AI- the available car models in some car classes are very unbalanced in terms of performance- the racing line braking points are quite often misplaced and thus useless- Due to the very strict short cut detection system it can sometimes be quite time consuming to get a valid lap time at all. In addition it is really annoying that you can get a short cut penalty even when the AI pushes you from the track.- The AI is way too quickly back on track once it gets off, while for yourself it can sometimes take ages to get back.- Unbalanced opponent strength: At 80% opponent strength, I often am 1 or 2 seconds faster than the AI while sometimes I am 3 seconds behind. E.g. with the 90's DTM Mercedes on the Nürburgring I don't stand a chance at all, while races with the Lancer in Monza are like a walk in the park.- For my flavour it rains too often in carrer mode. Even when it's currently sunny, if you forget to check the weather forecast for a three lap race, you can get in BIG trouble.- Save game is only stored locally and not in the Steam cloud. Not knowing that in the beginning once cost me about 40h of career progress.- Majority of Community Events requires owning DLCs.- Sporadically I have the suspicion that the driving assist and/or rain tyre selection detection is bugged as the handling can be like on soap.- Annoying menu for graphics and controller settings. You always have to leave the race for changing anything. In addition I can only partially navigate with my wheel buttons through the menu.- No possibility to save the progress within a race. For multi-hour races you can only put the race on pause, but you have to drive from beginning to end.Overall I give Project CARS a 7/10."
,Recommended,234630,30047899,Posted: 19 February,all,Utter Nutter,"The game takes a while to get used to as it is realistic and most of the cars are hard to control. Online is pretty toxic and most people just intentionally hit you and spin you. The career is rewarding and solo is good for testing new cars. This game also requires a controller or steering wheel.Overall I would recommend this game to people that are willing to learn and do not give up when they don't win a race, this is because it takes a while to learn how to handle the cars."
76561198047819928,Not Recommended,234630,25240567,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ElNino,"Initially it looks great. I can get a really good looking FOV in this game. The deeper you go, the more rough edges you run into. The menus and the way they work are a pain, often making things difficult to find, especially deeper options. I always load up this game for a few runs, but in the end something always turns me off and I head back to my other sim racers (Raceroom and Assetto Corsa), which are more focused and refined in their bases, and just offer what feels like a more realistic driving experience. Impressive at first and a good effort, but just too many rough edges to keep me around. Perhaps tries to do or be too much instead of focusing on one area."
76561198112482917,Not Recommended,234630,17432633,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Drosophila,"Pros:-Sick Graphics-Nice feel to each carCons- AI are complete and utter ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They have NO awareness of where you are. You'll be driving down a straight, and they'll be alongside and cut you up, ending your race as you hit the gravel. I barely play any races vs AI due to this. They just ram you off the road. every. ♥♥♥♥ing. timeI mainly just drive around random tracks without the competitors..otherwise the rage is so ♥♥♥♥ing real.So, if you're willing to restart a race 20 times each (due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ai), then feel free to get this game"
,Not Recommended,234630,25758294,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Doriath Sindar,This game constantly loses its settings.  Everytime I play I have to setup my controllers.  It's extremely frustrating.
76561197984320702,Not Recommended,234630,25697880,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Alice Cooper,"This game has so many things going for it that it pains me to say don't touch it if you intend to invest amy more than a few hours of your gaming life. Every driving game with intentions of hooking you and keeping you coming back for more will allow you to create and save multiple car setups for each car at each track. For any serious driver, continous tuning of  setups for various weather conditions and tyre strategies for example, are  basic requirements. Every racing game form Crammonds F1GP1  back in the early 90's to present day allows you this joy. But not Project Cars! You have some of the best real time weather effects ever seen. You have more setup parameters than any racing game I have seen. BUT, you cannot create and save multiple setups for each car at each track. Its crazy I know but the developers did not include this basic feature that every other developer considers a must. Despite requests to fix this game killing omission none of the many patches to date have addressed this issue. In fact the developers have simply ignored it and refuse to even discuss it on their own forum? Don't buy it."
76561197964195930,Not Recommended,234630,18572792,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Cracky!!!,"great game in itself but too many issues like FFB settings not saving so have to manually set FFB settings every single time i start the game considering you have to do this for every single car and track anyway only to get into race to be slammed off the track on first corner by idiots who can't figure out what the middle pedal is for.also still no way to kick trolls lurking on the track waiting to take you out.also with latest patch more issues have arrived like random  black screen, getting stuck in pits when race is about to start, also megas issue with steering wheel going dead on entering races.possibility to be a truly great game but nagging issues kill the game for me,  .... but never mind plenty more DLC to buy and more to come which i will pass on.now they announce Project cars 2 ... so looks like they use the business model of making a core game with many bugs and promised content / features missing, the idiots will buy it, make millions in profits and not bother fixing what they released in the first place.RIP Project cars ... i'm going back to iracing."
,Not Recommended,234630,16624524,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[a2m]bombshelboy,"Nice attempt, but needs workThis game is extremely beautiful. It honestly is probably the best looking game I've ever played. If graphics alone made a game worth playing, this game would be brilliant.Unfortunately, this is about all the game is good for in it's current state. Vehicles respond ""poorly"" if I were to be kind. The game was unplayable when I first launched it because of a glitch in the FFB. I currently can not use FFB at all or the game is unplayable. Online has absolutely zero penalty for smashing into other cars nor is there a way to counteract it.If you were to purchase this game for photo mode or to watch the opening cutscene over and over, this would be a worthwhile purchase, but in it's current state it is BETA at best.UPDATE 5.0 Version: I've been playing since the 1.x version of the game and the controls are STILL incredibly terrible. They've seemingly made no attempts to make it translate more accurately. The FFB issues are STILL present, and you have to use 3rd party mods to make work correctly. Avoid this game like the plague."
,Recommended,234630,32708965,Posted: 23 June,all,Facist Turtle,This game has a lot of promise. However I can't recomend this game to anyone if they don't have a dedicated wheel for it. The reason for this is the controller support isn't the best and the keyboard compatability is absoluely aweful. Otherwise it is a great game with amazing visuals just difficult without a racing wheel.
,Not Recommended,234630,31781745,Posted: 15 May,all,Carpy2,"Normally I play Dirt Rally or Codey's F1 games on my steering wheel, but thought this might be a fun controller/arcadey feeling racing game. I wasn't wrong on the arcadey feel, but I was wrong on it being fun. It looks great and the cars sound amazing, but there are a few things that make the game extremely hard to enjoy.It gives you cold tires at the beginning of the race, and you must spend an outlap heating your tires and brakes for every qualifying lap. The AI, however, have perfectly operating tire and brake temps making it way easier for them to outbrake you on the entire first lap of their race/qualy. Also, the AI in general just turn into you and leave no space. Set up a LMP1 race on Spa and every 1/5 starts will result in a complete pile up at the start/finish line before the race even starts. It's unbelievable actually."
,Not Recommended,234630,15872325,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,quake513,"DO NOT BUY THIS RIGHT NOW. I have it and can not play it at all. There is an Error with the game something to do with overclocked GPUs where like for me I can not race. I can play in the menu all, but when I try to race I can only race for like 5-10 seconds for the game crashes with an error, and this happen for me all the time on SP and MP.you can check the forums to see if it has been fixed.http://forum.projectcarsgame.com/showthread.php?21981-Unhandled-Exception-Trapped-Unable-to-Play/page50PLZ note that it is not the same on ever ones PC some people can race like 4-5 laps be for having an error------------- so would I recommend this game ----------AS OF RIGHT NOW -- NOIF IT WAS FIXED -- YES"
,Recommended,234630,34718238,Posted: 3 September,all,ToxiGhost,"I want to start by saying that i've played alot of sims, from the TOCA series on the ps1 and later on the PC, to Race 07, iRacing, rFactor, Asseto Corsa and Automobilista, so I feel quite enlightened on this particular genre of games.With that being said, Project Cars is simply fantastic. Easily my favourite 'current' racing sim and definately very high on the list of my all time favourites.-It looks gorgeous-It plays really well, no framerate issues or bugs that i've noticed-Excellent controller/wheel support-The AI is really challenging in an enjoyable way, not a ram-ram use me as a turning assist kind of way-There's tons of content in the base gameIt's not easy and it'll take practise to start putting in consistent lap times if you're newish to the genre, but it's an extremely rewarding and enjoyable experience all-round and I highly recommend it to racing fans.*This review was written based on my experience using a Thrustmaster T500rs racing wheel + pedals, however i've played it with a PS4 controller on the PS4 console and it felt fine, but it did require some tweaking in the options as I found the default controller settings abit twitchy*Definately recommend Project Cars with a 10/10, I can't fault it."
76561198087862928,Not Recommended,234630,20484945,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,orbankaroly,"I like the game itself, but it is unbelievably frustrating that it looses your save game randomly. I've played it yesterday, turned off my PC, today started it again, loaded up the game, and it welcomed me as a new player. Save game file gone. I am not interested as much in the multiplayer part of the game, so career mode is what in it for me. But I can not enjoy it, because (for the second time) the game decided that my profile has to go. I mean come on. I wouldn't recommend it if you like playing single player, because it isn't worth it in this state.For some reason, sometimes it gets to a state where it would not go beyond the first loading screen. Whenever I want to play I have to re-download it again (checking integrity does not help). Trying to contact support, it seems their contact details are more elusive that google's. I really like the game, but this kind of bugs makes it very hard to recommend, so it is still a no from me."
,Recommended,234630,16031133,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,i_love_green_day.jpg,I'm playing it just because i have nothing better for PC at the moment and can't afford iRacinghttps://youtu.be/QxTaJ5JfUGY
,Recommended,234630,22318594,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BRAAP♛,"+ Graphics are amazing+ Gameplay feels very nice+ Car models and track maps are great+ Campaign is record-breaking (id pay 49.99$ just for the campaign)+ Enough tracks to keep you busy= Online racing is playable, but issues happen time to time= Force feedback= Number of cars- Car manufactures (no Ferrari, Lamborghini, Koenigsegg)- Realism factor (compared to Assetto Corsa)- Physics (once again compared to AC)- Mods (No mod support)Overall 8.5/10 for me.Multiplayer is 4/5Campaign is 5/5Physics are 3.5/5"
,Recommended,234630,23004115,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hutt Butter,"I'm reviewing this as a game for the HTC Vive. I bought the game after the last patch which added SteamVR support, and I've not played it as a normal racing game on a monitor.Initial set-up was painful for me. My advise is to totally unplug the Vive and go through the initial setup of your wheels and pedals on the desktop and make sure they're working. It's also far easier to create a career profile if you can see your keyboard while you're doing it.Also there continues to be an annoying bug in Steam Big Picture/SteamVR Overlay where wheels and pedals are interfering with the controls making it impossible to interact with Steam. To get this game to work I first start SteamVR, then plug in my wheel, then plug in my pedals then, from the desktop, start Project Cars In VR. Then... everything is peachy.As for the game itself: To me it's absolutely marvellous. Seriously. Being able to sit in these cars and karts, to have depth perception of the incoming road, to really feel like I'm there... well I'm finding it a LOT easier to drive than I normally do in these sorts of games. The graphics are pretty much as you'd expect from a Vive game: Resolution isn't great, you can't turn everything up to ULTRA FULL AMAZING without killing your system... but that doesn't matter at all. The cars and karts are detailed and the enviroments are breathtaking, especially with all the different weather and lighting conditions. The immersion is there, ultra quality can come later with better GPUs.There seems to be a great range of tracks, including quite a few I know, some I've never seen before but they've all been great and well modelled so far. Project CARS likes you to do a practice round, then a qualifying round, then the actual race. You can skip these, if you like, but I find that going through all these steps methodically is the best way of learning the tracks and learning the cars.It tells me I should go into the pits and set a 'pit strategy' but I don't care about any of that. Maybe that stuff is good but it's too nerdy for me. I just want the car to be set up right out of the box and so far I don't really have any complaints about the defaults.There seems to be a good selection of cars. Nothing on the scale of Gran Turismo and the 'normal road car' selection is sadly lacking but then the game is really about fast cars and racing so it's understandable.So basically: So far I'm really into this. If you're a Vive owner with a wheel this is absolutely an essential purchase. If you're a Vive owner without a wheel I probably wouldn't recommend it... this game needs a wheel. It really does. Should Vive owners buy a wheel and the game? Well, that's a trickier one. If you've ever owned a wheel in the past and really enjoyed something like Forza or GT on the consoles then this is probably exactly the PC racer you're looking for. My feeling is that if you own a Vive then getting a flight stick and a wheel and enjoying racing sims and elite dangerous is all part of making the most of your stupidly expensive headset so... yeah. Why not?tl;dr: The best racing sim available for the HTC Vive."
76561198260166316,Recommended,234630,28760206,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MADEGYGAMER,Purchased this game a while ago on the Xbox one.. Had a few lagging issues with it. Just purchssed it again on steam with all DLC's included during the winter sale. I would highly recommend this game if you are into simulation games. Graphics are really good on this game. Im running it on GTX 970M. For maximum experience you should play it with a steering wheel. Really a good pick during the sale
,Not Recommended,234630,19856566,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Spectrum,"Doesn't even get 10 minutes of my time. TrackIR was support so I used TrackIR which gave me flying abilities (Not supported). Disabled trackIR and carried on as usual. Auto Drive driving me out of the pit crashed me into the wall, twice. And to change to neautral you have to change to first gear then to neutral.I would list the pros but after 8 minutes of gameplay I was too disgusted to continue..."
76561198130871083,Not Recommended,234630,15723692,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PremiumOctane,"Project Cars is a very average sim racing game. Assetto Corsa is miles a head in physics. Project cars doesn't even support triple screens fully like Assetto Corsa and iRacing. This game is way over hyped and is a big disapointment.Anyway after some adjustments the game seems to be alot better, but its still not as good as iRacing imo."
76561198001443770,Not Recommended,234630,16629056,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,unit719,"I bought my FIRST EVER racing wheel for this game. And I do not regret the choice ONE BIT. This game gets me sweating, cursing and screaming bloody murder as I cross the finish line. A wonderful game. Got my very first DLC, and now ""Project: CARS 2"" has been announced. This game was brilliant, but I will not support the developers greed, or poor decision making with publisher choice.EDITED AFTER PATCH 6.0:It is currently my favorate racing game, they have fixed many issues (took quite some time, and MANY MANY things are still buggy or broken. Chat boxes pit options and in general PITS) and it is very exciting to play when you can find or host a good group of fellow racers. The developer gets the thumbs down here. I am sure many more PAID DLC packs are coming on the path to Project Cars 2, which will feature many Pcars 1 assets and promises. Just like This game uses many from the ""Need For Speed Shift"" series. Take it or leave it. I wish I had left it, but it can be brillant when its not asking for money, now or later.$85 full price with all DLC, and they are THIS close to releasing the new game. Which of course will require all new DLC as well.Leave it I say.EDITED AFTER FORUMS VISIT:I am astounded by the snarky, and out right disrespectful comments the devolpment team has for critics. I would like the lead developer to leave his ""This is us, not supporting Pcars1 people"" patch comments on Steam. I'm sure the team won't. Here on STEAM they cannot ban or berate at will (Not currently, or ever was a member of the forums)EDIT AFTER PATCH 7.0:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! More bugs, no pit crews, we are seven months later here and they are trying to release another game while this is still very broken. Development team now telling users it is THEIR fault (Told not to run extended races, certain tires, wait for pit to work correctly, not to run timed races, avoid interior views during racing at sunrise or sunset...Wait WHAT?!) More disappointments."
76561198034824906,Not Recommended,234630,19743791,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,trancemobile,"The more I play it, the less I like it. The dynamics are way overdone beyond simulation. Without a wheel, don't bother.Without perfected throttle and steering control, theres absolutely no skid pad or room for mistakes or fun beyond simulated driving in this game. Looks great, sounds great, all the options are amazing, lot's of neat positives in this game and all the cool race trakcs as well. Decent game all around, just dosen''t have the fun handling."
,Recommended,234630,17798504,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:The game is good and bad. If you want a truly realistic picture of the car races and the rules here are today's most advanced game for you, but if you want more fun game where you have a better driveability and supports modding, so I recommend buying Assetto Corsa game.As a self-help, and I want to modding the game, so much to the dismay of this game does not support it so I prefer to play more Asetto Corsa for this reason but, on the other hand I recommend buying both.The only bad thing, and the missing thing in the game is my favorite car brand Porsche lack of car selection.I recommend the game, anyway! :3FIN:Pelissä on hyvää ja huonoa. Jos haluat todella realistisen kuvan autokilpailuista ja säännöistä tässä on tämän hetken edistynein peli sinulle, mutta, jos haluat hauskemman peli jossa on parempi ajettavuus ja tukee modausta niin, suosittelen ostamaan Assetto Corsa pelin.Koska itse tuen ja haluan modata peliä niin, harmiksi tämä peli ei tue sitä joten itse pidän pelata enemmän Asetto Corsa tästä syystä mutta, toisaalta suosittelen ostamaan molemmat.Ainut huono asia ja puuttuva asia pelissä on minun suosikki auto Porche merkin puuttuminen autovalikoimasta.Suosittelen peliä, joka tapauksessa! :3"
76561197989619464,Not Recommended,234630,21584825,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Default,"TLDR: Project Bugs - ""The Devs know about the problems, but it will surely be solved in PCars2""My review is based on over 540 hours of multiplayer gameplay. The more you play this game the more bugs you will encounter.First off the cars sounds different online compared to offline, the ""whine"" sound from the gearbox or whatever is not present in multiplayer until the 2nd game in the same lobby and it's a well known bug. This makes some cars sound quite different and in some cases quite dull and boring online.Then comes the steering ratio bug, when I first load into a session and go out of the pits, the steering ratio will always be 900 degrees no matter what car, and requires and Alt-Tab to overcome this(may be my ancient wheel is to blame). Not forgetting to mention changing your steering ratio in setup requires a session rejoin to take effect.Ok then I'm ready to go on with qualifying, or at least try to. You see everyime someone joins the session you get a split second delay (I get about 0.5 sec of screen freeze, some people get up to 3 sec). Imagine driving in Monaco and you get that freeze? into the wall you go, freeze while you're under heavy braking? you WILL overshoot the corner, freeze while turn in? wide you go, freeze while on the straight? you're fine. It's a lottery while trying to do qualifying. Gone are the outlap-hotlap-inlap style, you HAVE to put like 5 laps fuel and go round until you HOPEFULLY get a clean lap.On to the race. Theres a bug where cars spawn on each other, if a car happen to spawn on top of you and lands on you, you WILL get a drive through penalty because your car moved. If anyone decides to jump the start and hit you = drive through penalty for you. If you manage to survive the race start then great. Since my location gives me about 250 ping I'm always delayed at the start and lose places but I don't think this is the game fault, I can't upgrade distance to server. Also I can jump start like 0.5 sec to 1 sec without penalty, or maybe it's because of my ping, or another bug.On to the racing. Cars will STICK to one another on side contact. Once 2 cars touch, they lose all steering capability and will just slide straight off the track or until they come apart. Penalty system is literally useless. There is NO PENALTY FOR RAMMING. Imagine T1 at Monza, someone hits you and you're forced through the chicane at T2, the rammer just continues on because he's still on track, you on the other hand are considered to have ""CUT THE CORNER"" and get a 10 SECOND penalty where you can't accelerate. There is another abuse where you can cut chicanes without penalty and gain massive time in a race. Track limits is also another problem, on some corners 1 wheel on the grass is considered cutting the track but on some other corners you can go all 4 wheels off and hit the wall and yet it is not considered cutting the track, with this technique you can actually gain time on some tracks by 'wallriding' or you can run wide on some corners and gain time(eg. Degner 1 & 2 at Suzuka).Onto car setup. Some settings are just not realistic. On some class like GT3, running 0 camber  is still the best. And then there is the abuse of running 0 radiators & brake ducts. The telemetry for tyre temps is inaccurate for the inside, center and outside of the tyre. Using full negative camber can result in higher outside tyre temps. Also the left front bump stop seem to be the only one that can hit 'red' and not the other 3 bump stop corners. ""Live"" telemetry is not that useful because you have to drive and see telemetry at the same time which is hard. You can download apps for telemetry recording but the problem is suspension is not part of the numbers which you can see, and suspension setup is critical for a race car. You can only have 1 setup per car/track combo, so if you want to have multiple setups you have to manually record and enter it. There is a 'summary screen' in setup where you can screenshot but it doesn't include all the settings you can do on the car so it's kind of pointless.Chat was broken a few patches back and never fixed. You cannot chat in the online lobby, you have to drive out of the pits, park somewhere and chat. Vote kick function doesn't work, only the host can kick. There is a bug where it auto kicks people randomly in the session.Replays are completely broken and never fixed since game launch. Cars parked on the grid, missing cars etc. Saved a replay where you just had an exciting race? or a collision? Go to check it out and see yourself racing against nothing, crash with nothing. Completely useless feature.If you like hot lapping and top the leaderboards you have to abuse the 0 radiators & brake ducts to get the 'perfect' lap. Also since there's not gearbox protection you can downshift like a mad man 6th gear to 2nd gear in a second to maximise engine braking without penalty, and you can off tyre wear so your tyres don't degrade throughout the lap.Having spend some time in the official forum you read about all the problems people have with the game, promised features which will never be in the game, and also all the bugs which will never be fixed. Forum threads questioning the developers on these topics often end in arguments and the thread closed. Some 'top people' will defend the game with their life even though there are so many problem with the game itself. It's like they're blinded by something and don't want to see the issues. I even saw an insta-ban on someone for insulting the game. It seems the common answer to every problem with the game is ""It's a well known bug"", ""The Devs are aware of this"", and the most popular is ""It will be solved in Project Cars 2""Resources spend for fixing the game is less than resources for new DLCs. Makes sense because it is a business after all but if your product is of such low quality then you will lose more people compared to people buying the DLCs.Other stuff you will encounter include:Hitting invisible wall/car while leadingDriver floating without carDriver floating in mid air(Imola chicane)Hitting a landmine(literally car flies & flip) - too bad for youFFB bug where it feels like you have a flat but you don't - requires game restartTotal lost of steering wheel functions - requires game restartScreen freeze but sound still works - requires game restartOpponent car stuck at 45 degree angle, creating smokescreen for everyone behindQualifying 1st only to discover someone beat you with a time of 00:00:0000Cars spawn on other cars/upside down on the grid, or in pitlane during race start""But hey maybe all this will be solved in PCars 2 eh?""Overall I give this game a 5/10 and that's being generous. Only because of the fun racing I have with the friends I met racing online. If you plan to buy this game for serious racing then don't, this is a ""Sim-Cade"". Only buy if there's a massive discount. There are better sims on steam which are cheaper, have better physics, and less bugs.edit* typo"
76561197971873228,Recommended,234630,16842930,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,FormulaOne,"This game is all about the professional racing experience. Assetto Corsa and Race07 were my go-to racing sims before Project Cars came out.  I've been in the racing sim genre as long as anyone else and I can say, without a doubt, that I completely enjoy the setup of this game.Don't want to grind out the cash to finally race your dream car? No problem, you don't have to. Every car is available from the start.Tired of being trialed through licenses to race your favorite kind of race? No problem, you can do it all from the start.This game is purely about testing/tuning/practicing.  The racing is just the icing on the top.  The AI are extremely aggressive, but smart.  If you are off the pace, you won't be able to bump your way to the front...because the AI are already planning on getting you out of their way.  It's a culture shock to those who are used to very passive AI systems.The phyiscs, while different than Assetto Corsa and Race07 (and Forza/GT), are not arcady and closer to the previously mentioned games.  Each sim has a different feel and I'm glad to say that this game nails tire physics.  Unlike Codemaster's games, where you can feel the 'rail' that they want you to race (*cough* F1 series), this game allows you total freedom to miss an apex or not. It's however you want (or can) take the turn.Career mode is definitely deep.  And by deep, I mean if you want to succeed on more difficult settings, you have to practice, tune, re-practice, and re-tune.  You start by choosing a class to race in, which is tiered (cart/open wheel, GT, and Prototype - form three linear paths)...all ending with the LMP1 class.  You choose a team to race for and it's only a couple who are interested in hiring you, so expect to learn a car that you didn't expect to learn before.  From there, it's all progression.  You can set just about everything, from race-length, time of day, practice/qualifying sessions, to AI difficulty...all while you've already started your career.On top of that, the DLC package was extremely cheap and came with cars that I find interesting and useful.  Free updates are on the way, but cheap (and quality) DLC like this is rare.Plain and simple, this game was meant for people who dream of living the life of a racecar driver."
,Not Recommended,234630,21444387,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Gert James,"This review will be strange to some.  And dont be fooled by my ""hours"" on record.  It's more.  This is just what I accumulated with this install.Project Cars is in mnay ways the driving / racing sim everyone wanted.  Easy to pick up and hard to master.  But...SMS is not delivering what they promised.There were too many day 1 bugs...as if no-one quality checked it.  Then there are the many bugs that persists to this day...with most updates seemingly happily focused on ramming more DLC down our throats.One of the most annoying is how cars can just magically disappear from replay saves.  And dont get me started on the actual replay system.  It is truly horrendous.  And for a long time all of these things could be overlooked simply because the actual racing is so damn awesome.  But no more...not with it becoming clearer by the day that the developer is more concerned with pumping out DLC and planning a big UPDATE in the form of PC2 than they are with fixing a product people paid large amounts of money for.  It has this unethical flavor that just makes everything in my mouth bitter as hell."
,Not Recommended,234630,21684172,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Bardamu,"No Linux / SteamOS support from Slightly Mad Studios is a real shame. It was advertised everywhere and as time goes by, official site faq and forum has been purged from everything related to Linux version.No project Cars 2 for me."
,Not Recommended,234630,15874211,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cakcibor Pelesit,not sim racing but bugs racing
,Recommended,234630,22539683,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,CarlB,"A lot of the community whines about the drama with Project Cars, but they have made me happy with CV1 support at launch. They and Live for Speed have been able to keep up with the VR trend and I applaud it.There is a lot to like in Project Cars-CV1 support-Lots of great race cars-Lots of great race tracks-Beautiful graphics-Each car has a unique personalityThe not so good.-Suicidal AI. Prepare to be dive bombed, sideswiped, rear ended, and put into walls. Scarier than actual wheel to wheel road racing.-Pits, pit stops are a bit of a pain to manage, but I'm comparing it to iRacing.-Flags, the flags aren't really happening in a race. You can cheat your way to the top if you wish.-No ghost car during practice. One of my favorite things in Gran Turismo and iRacing is missing."
76561198326484548,Recommended,234630,32851678,Posted: 27 June,all,Mean2u444,"The common theme I hear when I suggest this game to friends is that 'oh as soon as you try to do anything the car just spins out'. This, my friends, is what we call someone who is flooring it on cold tyres who thinks that this is mario kart. Do not be this person. This game is a racing simulation, if you want to feel what it's like to drive an actual race car (or as close as possible with the limitations of the physics engine) then this is the game for you. If you want to throw your car around the track and expect to just make every single corner this not for you.I really enjoy the challenge this game presents. Each of the cars is vastly different in its handling, responsiveness and characteristics which is a real treat and test of skill, especially when progressing through career mode. The difference between a Touring Car and a LMP1 is obvious even for simpler games, but I find myself surprised at how well (or how difficult) some cars are to drive compared to those of a similar body shape or class.I also enjoy the flexibility in setting up race duration, opponent difficulty, and your fully customisable set up including advanced changes such as ride height, brake bias and tyre pressures. Certainly adds to the credibility of a race meeting, as well as having to manage your tyres and fuel on longer races.That isn't to say the game is perfect, it does have issues. One of the major ones I've noticed is that the game is really tailored to someone using a wheel and pedals to play. Using the keyboard or a game controller is possible, but in terms of your steering sensitivity and brake and throttle application you can find yourself alot more likely to spin out or lock a wheel. You're basically at 0% or 100% application, which makes alot of the corners tricky to navigate and will inevitably hurt your lap times.Another one is the whole AI pit issues, like where cars are just running into eachother or going through eachother or running over eachothers pit crew. It makes it look like the pit area was an afterthought and it kinda hurts the credibility of it a bit for me.One thing I'd like to see (which won't happen for fair reasons) is an offline local multiplayer mode. Obviously this wouldn't be possible as getting your computer to run the physics engine twice (at least) is huge demand on your PC and it wouldn't be able to cope. It's either local multiplayer or powerful physics engine, and it looks like we're getting the engine here, which is only a problem when you have that nagging friend over who wants to race because they think they're hot s**t because they can drive like a hot shot in need for speed.All in all though, good game, recommend it."
76561198066434162,Not Recommended,234630,19428499,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Homeboy Hitler,"This game feels unfinished. Too many bugs such as , stuck in loading screen, textures, and sometimes the brake assist will bring you to a complete stop before you even enter a corner.Pros:+great lighting+decent graphics+good musicCons:-bugs bugs BUGS-Horrible car sounds. My Honda sounds better than the Gumpert Apollo in this game.-Terrible AIDo not buy this game. It is not worth the time or money."
,Recommended,234630,19837505,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ДДºMortICi,"Don't mind the reviews, if you have a wheel and can read head over toprojectcarsgame.com, check out the forum for tips on setting up the wheel to get the feel you desire. I prefer only feedback on what the steering rack provides, a GOOD pair of head phones comes in extremely handy. The sound in the game brings in the immersion, paying attention to the sounds is key to balancing the car.This is the only sim out there that i keep coming back to, not to mention the only one you can hop in and join an online race at anytime compared to the other games. I own AC, RRRE, The whol SimBin bunch, the immersion from this game just keeps me coming back. There is something about the feel and physics of the game that lends itself to be natural to me. The input and output feels like a car at least the road cars for the most part feel like my car. The EVO behaves like it does for me at AutoX and general track days. I can toss it like i would in real life, granted not as extreme, you know the whol its a game thing :) Can't just restart and have a shiny new car in less than a second...Regardless, you will read a lot of bickering about minor stuff, while i agree about some (safety car, proper flags, custom championships) even without it i get way to much joy out of driving this game. So many cars, so many tracks, so many combinations.At the end of the day, its about what feels best for you. Find a Sim that you agree with most and master it. I can't do AC or RRRE3 because of the wonky tires (instant grip loss on slip and its just like ice after that) and they feel like they are way to canned with the steering, like its guiding me rather than me driving. Meh, to each their own, take this review as you wish, but to me this is an amazing game i just hate the fact i missed the chance to be part of the dev process on Project CARS 2."
,Recommended,234630,23032461,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,FooDoDaddy,"Woot!   I bought Project Cars the day it came out with Vive Support.   It doesn't dissapoint, I'm an old time gamer from the 80's, many many racing games from Atari 8 bit computer, Atari ST, to IBM PCs for the last 20 years.  I even had the Act Labs Steering wheel and gate shifter back in the day.  I kind of lost interest in racing games with a single monitor, but Project Cars with Vive support has changed that.   I feel like a kid again, and racing in VR is glorious, no need for tripple monitors!  Love it!Oh and I'm using a Force GT steering wheel/pedals on a Wheel Stand Pro.  I can set it up in my Living room (VR place) in minutes, race for a hour or so, then pack it up.  Good for wife factor."
,Not Recommended,234630,21157888,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BlueDrew YT,"[50 hours in game] Ugh ""Project Cars"" will be known as the biggest racing game flop in history.  EVEN with the limited edition pack you barely get any cars without buying DLC and their mostly European!  I mean sure there are plenty of Fords but how can you flat out ignore the other great manufactures out there?  I'm really surprised project cars has not learned from GT6 that players actually like driving cars from their favorite manufacturer?  Also a real killer is the fact that there is ZERO customization for the cars, you cant even change the paint color which seems essential.  When they say ""we listened to what the players wanted"" they really do not mean that, I cant see a single player actually wanting only 30 (I know i may be off a bit) cars to chose from.  The only pro I have with Project cars is the graphics, which can STILL be horrible it does not matter what monitor or GPU you have, textures will still be tearing everywhere and if your CPU is not top of the line it will still be imposible to play agianst any AI.  Just get GT6 guys or GT7 if their making it (I do realize its a console game but seriously, its better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥and this is coming from a strongly PC oriented player)."
76561197992573029,Not Recommended,234630,16929891,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,dragonians,"I bought this game when I read the recommendations of this game. Graphic is simply the best I ever saw in racing games, but... Handling of cars is really, really terrible. Overstearing in almost every corner, validating times is some almost impossible think, if you run through the corner and due to really overstearing thing in this game, you just a little miss the outside way of the corner and time is not validated, omg why???? (not talking about inside of the corner, thats understandable when you shorten the corner that the time is not validated).This game is really not worth the money, it is pain to focus all the time and even when you focus, cars behave like nothing real. I have really bad car in my real life, but I can run through any corner in real life at higher speed than in this game and comparing the stearing at low speed has nothing to do with real simulation.I like realism, but not unreal realism, this game could be more fun with arcade stearing exept of trying to make something real."
,Recommended,234630,25949616,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Czar,"Very polemic title. Thumbs down inbound.>> Break of recomendation levels on the bottom of the review if you don't want to read it. <<Early in the release of PC I have to say that I didn't looked at it with good eyes. All the polemic involved plus the promisses of a ultimate sim not delivered, and the shaddy community behavior towards helpfull and ocasionaly heavyhanded reviews in the fervorous and niche community as it is racing SIMULATORS.OK, leaving that stuff behind. Let's pretend that shaddy♥♥♥♥♥♥didn't happen.Cool game!Graphics are excelent, but in some areas you can see some glitches and insconsistencies with the advertised screenshots, but overall, amazing!Gameplay:I'm not going to talk about handling or physics on project cars, it's a can of worms.I have no Steering wheel at the moment (for years now :c), so i'm playing with a 360 controller and for adrenaline sake, no assists.Gameplay wise is good if you're into real world kind of racing and not Need For Speed or other generic ones I shall not name. AI is quite insane some times but not as crazy as some users claim to be: HAVE AWARENESS! They are fierce to get positions and the great majority of my crashes with them were my fault (seen the replay)You can do championships as far as I know in career mode and some ppl have a lot of fun there I guess, but I'm the lose races kind of guy atm. Some 15 to 30 minutes races do for me.CARS:The game have a ton of cars and all kinds, not Gran Turismo library size, but the thing here is racing and not looking at 3000+ cars that can handle the same sometimes.No assists play, as I am doing, every car so far feel unique BUT some does not feel realistic with tyre behavior and have some hardcoded stability assists. Some other just don't feel good to drive, those are very few in my experience.Some cars are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing to drive and make up for every other that doesn't feel right.Sounds: The engine sounds are pretty crappy. Extreme digital feel on them and not enough bass on recordings/mixing. Take RaceRoom game for a reference of mindblowing engine sounds.Multiplayer:I've seen a lot of lobbies full of people and making a custom race seems effortless (yet to do soon). Stability on MP info, you should google that or see in other reviews. I have no experience in MP as of now.OVERALL:Very nice racing game on the simulation side. Great track library, missing just some famous tracks here and there (famous: Interlagos, and ovals)I'd recomend this full price if you have nothing else to wait to release or play as race SIMI'd recomend this ON SALE to...anybody, really. Even if you're a Simulation only machine head, this game can give some relaxing arcadey little races here and there and for people who wants some simulation arcadeish yet challenging experience with cool graphics.I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS TO: players who are dedicated only to racing simulation and looking for something else other than iRacing in the same level of fidelity. This is not on the same level of fidelity. You will get frustrated.Personal recomendation observation: Get it on sale. The folks who made this game are already making the sequel and all this sequel♥♥♥♥♥♥moneygrab industry is crap. They could just update the game and make current players happy."
,Not Recommended,234630,21818748,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,nickgovier,"All style, no substance. It looks nice. It’s clear this was the focus of the developers as every 2nd race takes place at dusk for no other reason than to show off the graphics at the expense of the gameplay.The AI is HORRIBLE. The worst AI I have ever seen. They spend more time off the track than on, and have no clue what to do when your car is near them, they either drive straight into you, or clean off the track to avoid you.The handling is mixed, between “okay” and “terrible”. I’m a sim racer using a wheel. My first race was in a hot hatch that kept losing the back end somehow every time I lifted off the throttle. I spent ages recalibrating, trying driving aids, but couldn’t solve it. That level of simulation would embarrass Sega Rally. Occasionally you find a car that handles okay and you see what this game could have been.The racing is flawed. You can massively cut corners and chicanes, overtaking dozens of cars. The annoying team radio guy tells you the stewards will “pull you off” if it happens again. I haven’t been disqualified, penalised, or pulled off by any stewards while playing this game."
,Recommended,234630,22966372,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ash Williams,If you've been waiting for a racing game for your Vive look no further than Project Cars. Vive support has now officially been added! I wouldn't say this is a 100% sim racer and it's definitely not a arcade racer. It fits comfortably in the middle of those two. The biggest disappointment when it comes to playing this in the Vive is the resolution. It is the first game I've played in VR that it stuck out like a sore thumb. Hopefully the next few generations of Vive improve on this. Happy racing!
,Not Recommended,234630,20183415,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,winter,"I didnt like it. It feels quite boring, that's why I would not recommed ıf you are looking for more ""fun"""
,Not Recommended,234630,16893273,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Skitz,Choose the correct answer.Today while playing Project Cars (after patch 2.0):a) My vehicle was permanently stuck in the garage in an online qualifying sessionb) At the start of the race I was penalised with a pit stop even before moving off the starting gridc) Pcars crashed 3 times within half an hour while loading an online raced) I finished an online race in 1st place yet I was placed in 2nd on the results tablee) In career mode AI set at above 90 difficulty constantly ruined my race with suicidal drivingf) all of the aboveYes the correct answer is indeed F yourself SMS
,Recommended,234630,15888492,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MrPrestonPlatypus,"Very fun racing game!  Runs 60fps on gtx 760 on high settings. Only have like 10 hours of game play but initial impressions are:Pros:Go KartsRuns well on AMD FX and GTX 760Go Kartssounds amazing!Looks beautifulGo KartsThe rain is so awesomeoh ad F****** Go KartsOnline racing is fantastic and without a hitchCons:Some bugsnot many public lobbies to joinSomewhat small selection of carsI was a little disappointed to not see any Ferrari's. Hopefully they come in a future update. The car selection is good, but not as expansive as say Forza. These are mostly race cars, not VW Jetta's. If your on the edge just buy it, unless you have another sim you play maybe wait for a sale. But it is truly a fun game."
76561198363751568,Not Recommended,234630,30662679,Posted: 21 March,all,sgtmorgan,"Project Cars is not for everyone. Capable of stunning graphics with the right GPU, it is (and was) very tempting. But the game is loaded with problems. Accuracy of vehicle dynamics and Force Feedback settings has been a major issue, and constantly written about. There are mods for this problem, but I found them of little real use. Personal research and experimentation garnered the best results. Literally, hours of work were put into it. Once the FFB hurdle is cleared, the problem with track accuracy becomes glaring. On several tracks the racing line is off from one track's layout to another (e.g. Snetterton 200 vs. Snetterton 300, especially Turn 4). This makes consistency an even bigger challenge than it already is. One problem with the A.I. that has popped up in a few forums is that A.I. opponents will turn out impossible lap-times over 75% difficulty. Personally, I ran the game all the way to 98% and did not struggle too much. Maybe this is just another manifestation of the Track and Vehicle inaccuracies. Additionally, fine-tuning your preferred graphics performance takes forever, because changing even one setting (e.g. grass detail) demands the game be re-booted before they take effect...and there are 20 settings!ADVICE BEFORE YOU BUY:1. Define what realism means to you. Graphics or accurate dynamics?2. Make sure you LOVE to tinker with Force Feedback and/or mods.3. Perform a self-diagnosis of your patience level.4. Invest in a beefy GPU, a punching bag and a stress ball :)"
,Not Recommended,234630,22357233,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,sWs_,"If you are just starting out and are running nvidia graphics it may be worth your money and time.- pro: track and car selection- contra: bad amd optimizationEveryone else: AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUEIf you want a hardcore racing sim, choose something else.- pro: engine stalling, shifting requires clutch (better than AC)- contra: grip and slide snapback too forgivingIf you want to play online against unknown people choose something else- pro: ingame server browser- contra: wreckers, quittersNot to mention the stupidity behind ex-SlighlyMadStudios, their lead devs and their attitude towards usersAlso the crowdfunding marketing♥♥♥♥♥♥which biased the early reviews, and made people believe this was any good."
76561198117114354,Not Recommended,234630,15963355,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,bmac44,"I can play Assetto Corsa, because I drive a car.But I have found you must learn to play Project cars, because it's not quite right.I suppose I must ask....Did they play Assetto Corsa?Good:Graphics are very good, but you will need a mean machine to max out the settings.Lots of racing options although AI is a bit crapLooks like online is the place to be.Bad:The feel of the cars out of the box is just poor,  especially compared to AC.Force Feedback needs lots of reading and patching to try to fix this and it's ""better""  but still not at AC level.I will continue to tweak the game and maybe, I can then recommend it as a Sim."
,Recommended,234630,24170728,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Macca,"This game is just fantastic!I have to say that it's a challenging and very simulative game, very funny to play even with friends. Multiplayer is the best part of the game.It's a very immersive experience on every track it has.Pros:Very challenging in Multiplayer (if you get the right lobby, no first-corner crashing kids and serious racers)Nice looking gameCars are really well-designedGameplay is really immersiveTechnical aspects are really well-madeCons:Some strange bugs on the starting grid in multiplayer (rare, but really annoying)Cars' engine sound is not that goodSingleplayer AI is too easy to beatCorner cutting can sometimes be wrongLack of Ferrari, Alfa Romeo, Volkswagen, Lamborghini, Bugatti, Ferrari, Subaru and Lancia licenses (personal opinion).I would totally say that this game is a great buy for your Steam library.9/10"
76561197971168094,Not Recommended,234630,22985975,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,nicholasralph,"Looks completely Horrible on the Vive and buggy as hell.  Very low resolution, jaggies all over and terrible frame rate. Everytime you have to tweek a setting - the game requires a reboot. And then more often than not, wont start in VR mode with restarting the system.I played with every setting, and could never make much impact on its looks. Its certinaly the fugiest game I have yet tried on the Vive.Classic case of something being retofitted and not really being fit for purpose. Avoid, unless you are a diehard fan."
,Recommended,234630,22308500,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Tripperz,Great game.
76561197981950999,Not Recommended,234630,21637817,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Grim,"Sadly Project CARS does not live up to its own hype and expectations created when the game was first relaesed.There are still many unfixed issues which the devs and community said would get fixed but didn't. It all looks like a bit of a cash grab from the developers now, they claimed that starting work on pCARS 2 would not affect the continued support of pCARS 1 but that is simply not the case, many 'features' (I would call them requirements) like triple screen support were supposed to be implimented and are all of a sudden going to be in pCARS 2 instead (except this info was only 'shared' on a post within the forum, same as a lot of the ommissions and back tracking the devs have done since release), all while they still churn out monthly paid DLC. The patches are getting smaller and smaller with less fixes which proves they are no longer working on the core of the game, which is still a mess in places.I'm glad I never put money into pCARS 2 as I can see the devs playing the same cash grab scam as the first, promised the world, released it broken, patched it to a beta state, don't mention all the stuff that they are not going to impliment, let time go on so that people who invested good money into it don't feel so sore about it then slowly leak the fact that your not going to deliver what was advertised, nice strategy.This game has some good points about it, there is a big if bland career mode, and the driving model is nice but the lack of ability to save more than 1 set up for a car (seriously this was achievable back in days of the Amiga, it's 2016 FFS), dodgy collision physics, odd wet weather tyre behavour (especially the AI, this has been 'fixed' apparently yet still exists in certain circumstances), no real multi-class racing (hey look we have prototype 1 and 2 and GT3, but were not going to let you race them together because clearly our game engine can't cope with it) which ruins the career progression for me in this regard, very inconsistent AI meaning you never run at the front with the same guys race to race (this is again shocking, Amiga racers had this, c'mon), no custom championships (yes another staple of most early 90's racing games seems impossible in 2016 for SMS) along with a plethora of small niggly little bugs and issues that culminate to make the experience one of frustration rather than fun.My advise, wait to see what pCARS 2 produces, do not buy it on release, read the forums (don't for heaven sake post there, especially with anything less than wishing to suck the balls of the developer or you will probably get banned) and see if they are capable of producing a sim that lives up to even half the hype they surround it in."
76561197993817634,Not Recommended,234630,17937009,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,The Roach named Busta Nutz,"This games engine is just bad, plain and simple. If you plan on using a controller, do not buy this. If you have a wheel setup, bare in mind that this game has overly complicated settings to the point of being annoying as you have to adjust steering ratio for every car. Correcting oversteer is near impossible, and wheel spin will randomly shoot you sideways with no feedback prior."
76561198034329238,Not Recommended,234630,18052031,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,claymore,"way to complicated than it needs to be. Fuel consumption, ware and tare on tires, no thanks. folks online way too rude. it just wasent fun for me."
76561198202637658,Not Recommended,234630,21000167,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Amy Rose,this game is unhandeled and i can't play this game!
76561198167411442,Not Recommended,234630,21067854,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,"Evelyn ""Art Deco"" Barber",I get you have to heat tires up... I get you have to warm the brakes... But when the handling tries to be ARCADE-SIM! THAT IS WHERE I DRAW THE LINE! I couldn't adapt to the handling...
,Not Recommended,234630,21866240,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Speedibus Rex,"A game that was carefully marketed, but which did not live up to the projected expectations. I stick with Assetto Corsa.* Poor graphics* Limited cars* Limited tuning"
,Not Recommended,234630,33729525,Posted: 22 July,all,Dune Tiger,"This game might be fun online, but if you're looking to have a fun single player experience, forget about it.  The AI is completely insane, jumping kerbs and slamming into you with zero penalties.  The only way to survive is to drive so defensively because they will never ever acknowledge your existence.That being said, if all you're looking to do is time trials and hotlaps, this game is okay.  It also helps that it looks great, but man... I have never had a more frustrating experience with racing AI and I've been playing sims since the early Papyrus days."
,Not Recommended,234630,21716510,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,KRAMer,"PROJECT CARSNice graphics, Stunning sounds and... that's about it really, in my opinion. This game is not a bad sim/arcade-ish racing game that have a decent amount of cars and race tracks also the modding scene is only as far as a custom livery but still pretty cool.I play this game casually just to enjoy the sounds of the engines and dem graphics, but if you're looking for a proper sim racing game get Assetto Corsa or rFactor/2 if you want to go a step further with your sim racing experience get iRacing."
76561198084095322,Recommended,234630,22558819,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,NeedF0rS1eep,"Project cars was one of those game i looked forward to to replace the my old growing up days of playing grand torismo yes i understand this is on a different level but at the same time both P.C. and G.T. are more realistic than Need For Speed. The game was fun at first but then it just got boring between the people in multiplayer who take the game way to seroiusly or the ones who are straight up a holes but hey its a sim game i get it and hey its multiplayer gaming i get it but single palyer is only so fun for so long.Would i reccomend this game, yes if your willing to play it and get good at it because it takes timeIf you just want a game were you can race and stuff but dont want to have to deal with the bad things id say just get need for speed or somthing along those lines."
76561197971468206,Not Recommended,234630,20221450,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,k1tst3r,AMD FX 835032gb64bit win 10OCZ SSDNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970Thrustmaster TX wheelLooks awesome with a huge unplayable BUT...Running this game with everything in graphics hardware set to LOW and including dropping the resolution to 1920 x 1200 i still get severe graphics lag ending up with me crashing out on corners because of this. Unplayable for me so going to stick to other racing titles until theres a fixI have no issues like this in any other games i ownUPDATE: went back to try this again and with my pc rig havving had no hardware changes something has changed for the better... it plays a lot better so some patch must have sorted a few issues? i can manage about 5-10 cars before i get the micro stutter effect happening so i keep under that and i dropped my graphics to mid which is still way better than any other racers graphic content :)All in all im well happy now and after my next pc upgrade ill get to try it at ultra settings. Lovving the create server options!!!
,Not Recommended,234630,23874061,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blackbird DK,"Came from Assetto Corsa, played for a while and got a refund. The career mode seems fine enough, but the actual driving just feels dishonest and too artificial. The physics don't feel reliable, despite being much more accurate than something like Forza. I think what really let me down is that Project Cars just feels like a game whereas Assetto Corsa feels like a simulator. I think it comes down to presentation and driving feel, because the physics in Project Cars seem alright.Tl;dr  -   If you are coming from Assetto Corsa, Project Cars' Career mode is not enough to make it worth while and the physics are not up to par."
,Recommended,234630,16554882,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PooH,Awesome. Runs very well and seems to be well optimised. However this is by no means an arcade racer. Only buy it if you have a wheel and enjoy proper racing.
76561198035732709,Not Recommended,234630,18047399,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Raz0r sh0t,Would be a great game without the crashes and bugs needs patching and shouldnt of been released yet
,Not Recommended,234630,19268135,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jandar,"ENGLISH;I hyped this game like I never did othersI waited this game so long that sometimes I forgot that it will come out one day.I expected a realistic drive.I got a simcade one.I expected a developer who won't spam DLCs from day 1.We already have 8 DLCs after 6 months. They are already surpassed the price of main game combined.I'd recommend this game but I won't.Why?I HATE DLC SPAMS.TÜRKÇE;Oyunu yıllarca bekledik bekledik durduk. Hatta kimi zaman oyunun çıkacağını / yapım aşamasında olduğunu bile unuttuk.Bu oyunu çok destekledim gerek forumlarda gerek arkadaş çevremde. PC platformu için böyle bir oyunun , FORZA ve GT ile yarışması için gerekli olduğunu düşünüyordum. Oyun genel olarak NFS : Shift 3 diyebiliriz. Az daha dayanabilir bir fizik motoru ve oynanış sunuyor.Normal şartlarda oyunu tavsiye ederdim. Çünkü şu anda Assetto Corsa'dan başka rakibi yok. Ancak tavsiye etmememin sebebi kesinlikle indirilebilir içeriklerin çok hızlı ve fazlaca çıkması. 6 ay gibi bir süreç geçmesine rağmen 8 tane paket geldi. Bu paketler tabiki güzel ancak bu kadar yıldır geliştirilmiş bir oyunun içinde bazı ekollerin ve ikon arabaların olmaması bence çok komik bir durum. İşte tam bu noktada bence oyun yapımcısının daha sonra indirilebilir içerik olarak satmayı göze alması yatıyor. Zaten 2015 Mayıs ayında çıkan bir oyunu 2015 Haziran ayında %40-50 indirime çekiyorsun ondan sonra insanları tahrik etmek için ayda birden fazla indirilebilir içerik çıkartıyorsun. Şu anda 8 paketin toplam fiyatı çok rahat bir şekilde oyun fiyatına yetişiyor. Yani bir oyun parasıda ekstradan sahip olmak istediğiniz 3-5 arabaya veriyorsunuz.Oyunu tavsiye etmeme sebebim budur. Yoksa oyunla ilgili ne grafiksel bir sıkıntı , ne optimizasyonsal bir problem veyahut ne de motorsal bir sıkıntı yaşamadım.İndirimdeyse alın ancak onun dışında sakına tam fiyattan satın almayın. Benim gibi araçlardan hoşlanan biriyseniz alamadığınız her paket , her araç size kötü hissiyatlar yaşatacaktır."
76561198142745952,Not Recommended,234630,18009459,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,a.SeNNa,"Bought this game while it was on sale for $30 to try it out and ended up refunding it.This game has the potential to be a great game but there are so many areas that need improvement. For starters, everything you hear about the AI being terrible is true. They drive as if you car is not there. Overtake someone going into a corner? Be prepared to get launched into space at corner exit by an AI. In addition, the crash physics are ridiculous. One little tap and off you go flying into the barrier. Lastly, there are graphical glitches that make the cockpit cam of some cars almost unusable.The car selection is also lacking considering the wide variety offered by other racing games on the market. At the end of the day, Project Cars has a lot of potential but unless the game becomes polished and the AI fixed, it simply isn't worth the money."
76561198084142446,Not Recommended,234630,18039679,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Flash,This game sucks. It won't work with my Logitech Rumblepad - tried for 3 hours to get it working and it crashse cars on any difficult corner. Steam won't refund my cost!! ♥♥♥♥ you ashhholes I won't buy another Steam product again.
,Recommended,234630,30346437,Posted: 5 March,all,MajorBeefTaco,"This is maybe my new FAVORITE RACING SIM. (Aside from Gran Turismo being my favorite Sim series)I use Project cars for Time Trials, Curcuits, Sprints, and Endurance Races.Project Cars has the biggest track selection i've ever seen in a racing game/sim. When setting up a race, you are able to edit and adjust numerous setting and features for that race. Time and Weather can both be set at a fixed position or can be set to have multiple different weather and time changes that occure during the race.EX: You can have the race start during the day and end when its night time, as well as having a rain storm swoop over the track for a specific amount of time. The combinations are endless.Each car can be tuned individually, as well as your STEERING WHEEL SETTINGS! Thats right, you can apply different force-feedback settings for each vehicle.Ai is another story, for the most part the Ai is fantastic and always races with a mix of lenience and aggression. Some Ai will drive as if they struggle with the track, struggle with the car, or just flat out suck♥♥♥♥♥at driving in general, and other Ai can be as agressive as kid on Forza trying to ruin your tandem drift. Thus meaning they are very well at keeping their racing line and following it, they not afraid to slip by if you give them too much room, and near the end of a race they might try to make some last resort moves in order to take 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc.*Im gonna give a detailed example of one gripe I have about the Ai:- When overtaking someone on either the outside or inside, you would know to respect eachothers racing line and try to keep it as clean as possible. Well I had an incedent where I was doing a 30 Lap race at Bathurst and I was in 3rd, about to take 2nd. We both we coming up into a left hand corner and I happened to take the inside line, but he was at my same pace yet on the outside line. I went to turn into the corner, keeping my side of the lane, and then out of nowhere instead of the Ai keeping his outside line to make the corner clean, he just turns into the inside like a freight train and takes us both out. In the real world this wouldn't have happened, but what can you do its a game/sim anyways. Thats really my only gripe about it, yet it only happens every so often. And not to only me, Ai will do this to other Ai and create collisions and pile ups.On the other hand, Project Cars is still a must buy!!"
76561198172915979,Not Recommended,234630,21014358,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ispano6,"While the graphics are superb, the vehicle content and track selection is rather limited.There are no Japanese cars available but 3 or so in separate paid content.Suzuka circuit doesn't exist because the rights weren't obtained, so it's instead a made up circuit called Sakkito.This game isn't worth the full price I paid, but perhaps it is worth the $19.99 you can get it on discount for. Heck I just bought it last week so definitely not feeling I got my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,234630,17825499,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Minsoso,"do you like CARS? Do you like CAR games where you drive CARS with other CAR drivers and do CAR racing wth them, in CARS? Well maybe you should try Project CARS then."
,Not Recommended,234630,18533039,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Squix,"Even after Patch 5.0 it is unfinished.Carreer mode is dull. The AI is extremely bad - even after 5 patches they just ram people off. And once you are in front they cant keep a good speed even at maximum difficulty.Game looks good. But that is not a reason to give it a positive review.The tires still heat unnormally because they are not simulated. They do an overhaul now, but when you promise realistic tires then you better not only come up with that in patch 6.0."
76561198093815438,Recommended,234630,24124213,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gazoinked,Best racing game for PC so far havent tried many others though I can say this game is worth the 36$ that it is at. Great racing feel and performance wise is great too! This game is great for both casual and competitive players. I do suggest trying the Time Trails before anything is real fun.
,Not Recommended,234630,17836035,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,hgig4,"Cars do not react the way you expect them with controller or keyboard (don’t know about wheel, I haven’t got one) once you start turning it won’t stop unless you turn the other way, and then it sometimes does not do it so you never know how to handle the car during a corner. Also if you hit some dirt with can drag your car all the way into it with extreme force, even if you use full steering locking in the other dircetion. And finally if you hit a bump at high speed you seem to go flying even though aerodynamics (especially with the high end cars) should hold you to the ground. Other than that I think they have got something going here just needs these things sort especially the dirt problem then I would recommend this to others."
76561198039108757,Not Recommended,234630,19858495,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Captin,"I can't recommend this anymore, it just became far too frustrating to enjoy thoroughly. You'll basically spend most of your time resetting events because the AI drivers are more skilled at demolition derbys.I really wanted this game to get better. More variations in classes and performance tuning would be key. Knowing that's not likely to happen just scraps all reason to continue playing as the progression is pointless. Why bother when you get the same thrills from a non-career race such as practice or quick race?The game does have its high points in sound and visual presentation, the enjoyment is just a little dry."
,Not Recommended,234630,17613492,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,essessareare,Up to patch 3.0 now.3.0.Still drops frames / hangs for 2s.Well done.
,Not Recommended,234630,21063576,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,J     O     S     H     U     4,"Bought this game, played 1 race, went to change track, game crashed, steam wouldn't launch, restarted, hard drive now doesn't work. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,234630,17821639,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nigeru Faggimus,"This game claims to be a sim, yet the Ai are nothing but rammers, they will ram into to stay on the racing line and if they crash into will keep you pinned onto a wall just because they think its the racing line.This game is only fun if you are doing time trails or get ahead and stay ahead."
76561197972773797,Not Recommended,234630,20213554,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,STAS,dont even think to buy PROJECT BUGS because after 1 hour to playing online you got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!.they dont want to update this game anymore they think about project cars 2.this game is full of bugs here is some examples on pc :1. game freeze for 0.5 sec every ♥♥♥♥ing time when someone join/disconnect to/from server.2. you cant join some servers because join button dont work on some servers.3. another bug when your wheel dont even work so you need to restart game and then its work.and lot of other bugs .its only good to play offline !!!!!♥♥♥♥ my english.
,Not Recommended,234630,20321636,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,L1quid,DO NOT BUY !!!BUG NOT FIX SINCE GAME LUNCH .Accelaration dosent work when trying to play online.( race starts and you just cant do nothing .. you just stay there)Game creaters made there money and they just dont care anymore ( nothing is behing updated )this game would be great be the creaters just dont care ..sad to see such a waste .
76561198163149904,Not Recommended,234630,17821744,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Stone Cold Jane Austen,"It's been four months since release, and nearly a half decade since development began and this game is still not in an entirely playable state.  Pit glitches make endurance racing impossible, career glitches prevent advancement despite dominating the respective class, broken AI laptimes, bizarre physics glitches, and most egregious of all my T300RS is less playable with each update.  The only decent thing about this game is the graphics engine which is very well optimized for nVidia cards.  I've struggled to derive any enjoyment from this glorified beta and SMS's priorities and conduct instill zero confidence.  I regret spending $50 on this at release, and wouldn't recommend it at any price over $15."
76561198262413092,Not Recommended,234630,20514076,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,AZRCD,"This game is broken, deeply broken and I do not think it will be fixed. There are issues from menu bugs all the way to physics bugs that make this almost unplayable. Issues like rain tires being faster on a dry track than dry tires, or issues where the setup menu offers a certain compound of tire and then the pitstop menu simply has, ""Hard, Medium and Soft."" There are also some very odd psychic behaviors especially with the cars over bumps. Some of the cars are undriveable, look up the McLaren F1. Unfortunately it took me several hours of gameplay, frustration and then googling to realize that it wasn’t me, it wasn’t the learning curve, simply the game is bad. The studio has said it’s reached, “the end of development” with this title, but they clearly never begun. It’s embarrassing, it’s worse than a Beta version and it’s pathetic it’s being allowed for sales.Bottom Line:I was very excited about this game, totally sold on the hype and I feel ripped off. Thankfully I bought it on sale, but don't make the same mistake I did, stay away! Unfortunately, by the time I realized just how horrible this game was, I was well past the number of play hours allowed by Steam and was refused a refund. I still want my money back!"
,Recommended,234630,21085100,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Los Angeles,"Pretty good and well worked game!Pros:-Graphics-Weather dynamics-The sounds-The menu-All the different carsCons:-When it rains red lines will sometimes appear on the hood of your car (very anoying bug)-The mail system (Gets on 1st place in every race, still gets mails by my crew telling me i did bad....)"
76561198054542359,Not Recommended,234630,33122230,Posted: 2 July,all,paulieGTR,"Promises, promises, promises...Oh and did i mention they're hyping pcars2 to be even better.!!Here's SMS/WMD' NDA for their first game.Warning.!! What you are about to read, you may find disturbing.What is expected from you.??First of all, you'll be testing the game and providing feedback to the dev's in the PCARS forums.Since the game is in developement and there will always be things that will be missing or not working correctly, feedback needs to be constructive and explicit.Stating that something does'nt work or you don't like it will not help the developement of thegame unless you state why you don't like it or in what way it does'nt work.A second part of your 'job'is to make sure that the game is shown properly and promoted to the outside world.ie. on the internet outside the forums.That means that you can tell everyone about the project and encourage them to join,and when promoting the game through videos or screenshots,you should make sure that you stress the good sides and not what needs fixing or what is absent.When making pictures or videos of problems with the game, post them only on the WMD forums or use links that are private.--------------------------------------So this is how this SMS/WMD company works eh...Hiding the truth from the paying customers, misinforming, lies - call it what you will.If you deliberately lie, misinform, deceive or do not tell the truth when selling something,It's called ""FRAUD"".!!People pay £40 for a game that's totally broken and before a patch comes out to fix the numerous issues, this mob announces a new game.ie. pcars2.They bought a sim review company and also bought someone a race car so that theycould spread and flood the market with all their hype - again.!!What makes folks think that it's gonna' be any better this time around or next..."
,Not Recommended,234630,20424241,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mr.Rothwell,"It's not a bad game, it runs superbly well on my machine. 4th gen i7 @4.2ghz, 16gb RAM and a GTX970. The AI is irriating, stupid and unrealistic. Online works well if you have some friends that drive properly, most lobbys have at least 2 fools who think it's fun to play dodgems.Graphically the game is lovely, love the fact you can have 40+ multiclass cars on the track. The sounds of the cars is not bad at all, engine notes are captured very well but tyre noises aren't that realistic at least from experience of being in the drivers seat. The single player career mode is a nice idea but annoying you can't skip the races you aren't interested in unless you start higher up the ladder but then you miss out of some of he earlier fun ones.I love driving/racing games but somehow I just can't get into this one, and I can't really explain why."
,Not Recommended,234630,20579358,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Skwatch,Honestly doesn't feel finished...
,Recommended,234630,22640283,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,「Elemental」,Good game but the AI is mindless of you..they will stick to their line no matter what. they dont care if you are there or another AI is there they are driving their line....
76561198027985703,Not Recommended,234630,17576037,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kojiro,"Graphically buggy and stutters.  Analog controller is nearly impossible to play with.  Can't adjust the controller settings while in game, so you have guess at an adjustment, load a race, try it, cancel race, go back into options, try again.  Would consider tryign again some day when I have a nice wheel, but the graphical issues need to be resolved."
76561198048532683,Not Recommended,234630,19623332,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,o0hp0o,"Fun game when it work. I have only been able to play online. I tried to play Career, but still nothing. Get stuck at the loading screen for the first race of career mode. And looks like plenty of other people are experiencing the same issue. I am running at 5760x1080 with 3 way sli 680s. Not sure if that has anything to do with it but ill leave that there."
76561198157013544,Not Recommended,234630,20371751,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Boone,"The game needs more content i dont see why they dont have more of the popular well known car makes such as Ferarri, Lamborgini, Bugatti and Koenigsegg also the loading screens sometimes bug out so you have to restart the game however the game is ok overall hopefully they add the well known brands in the future... Also for some reason it dosent allow you to change cars when in an online game you have to exit to the menu just to change cars...  I dont see why you cant its stupid!"
76561198062510405,Not Recommended,234630,20487666,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,gman197002,"This game just isn't very good. The money I put into this should have gone towards Dirt Rally or Assetto Corsa, so that's why I have so many hours. The AI ignores you, the Campaign is boring, and it really isn't a sim. The developer is a real jerk, too. They are now releasing a second game without finishing the first. It's sad, it had so much potential.*edit* i have many play hours in this game now, but that is because I like watching AI races. Call me a weirdo with too much time, but I will say the AI in this is much better than Assetto Corsa's. I still don't actually play the game, but I put the 60 bucks into it, so I may as well use it for something."
,Not Recommended,234630,20294312,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,|Swag.Cosmicslayer,The game called Project Cars is the worst racing game I ever played.I'm a professional Kart driver and I started at my Carrer as a Kart driver.It's not like in real life! The force feedback and other things are not like in real life i guess you will definatly belive me. Don't buy this game!
,Recommended,234630,24630442,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Macurban14,Immersive as F#$%. MxR would approve.
76561198068005581,Not Recommended,234630,19520030,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,uec397,"When I first got the game I was quite excited.  You see, I bought into the hype.  Mistake number one.  Mistake number two was spending money on this.One minute it is Ok, the next it is horrendous.  One car sticks to the road like it's glued on, and the next, a pure race car is like driving on some kind of super slick polymer.  Almost all cars feel utterly disconected from the track.  Random sounds thrown in to simulate what, I don't really know.  Gave it a go and tried playing career, but when you have rain tires on in the rain and the slightest input of any kind and your car is off the track or into the wall or going backwards.  All the while the AI is driving around as if it were on slicks in dry conditions.Had one point where in the dry I actually had the fastest lap time until the last three seconds of practice when BOOM, an AI driver beat me by a mere twenty six seconds putting me at number two.What a joke these guys played on the consumer.  Next go around they will not get my money.  I will give it to Polyphony Digital.  Grand Turismo may be a little numb on occasion, and they may still have AI issues next time around, but at least it is not one big, unfinished, riddled with bugs, lie to the consumer.  The saddest part about games like this is that the people that make them are utterly shameless about putting out trash."
,Not Recommended,234630,20351958,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,♛Kongou♛,"well i have to say this game has quite good graphics but the problem is that the car choices is too few,have you ever seen a racing game with no lambo and ferrari?and also the damage system is so unrealistic the glasses can be scratched but it cant be broken .There is alot of bugs , i crashed ,the following car crashed into my car , it said i hit opponent and disqualified me....."
,Recommended,234630,15735593,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Tonyrat,"This is a great simulator. My first run was with the Mustang Boss 302R at Brands Hatch. It didn't feel right, kind of floaty... then I dug into the MANY MANY options, and found just the right tuning setup for me and the way I drive.  Granted, I still feel like I need some practice, but that's just awesome.  The graphics are good, in some ways better than anything else out there, in other ways the additional realism makes it feel a little flat.  (Sometimes in game development, a little oversaturation in colors makes the game more engaging, making it feel more real somehow compared to photographic perfection.  It's all a perceptual thing.)  On the whole, so far, I'm very, very impressed.  The number of choices and options is just staggering.  The only real flaw is some of the options have nice descriptions in the center pane when you select them, but then there's other areas (like controller settings) that offer no advice or documentation whatsoever.  I hope they'll polish that up a bit.  But again, really great sim.  Another thing I will miss from Grid Autosport is earning cash to buy new cars, and getting sponsors to get more cash... I found that personally very engaging, and that's missing from Project CARS.  However, it's absolutely not a deal breaker, just a personal preference that I'll miss."
76561198037210866,Recommended,234630,16824479,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Flint,"It's true there is no perfect sim, they do all have their good and bad points but wow all the hate talk...really. The force feedback was a bit lame at first and you kind of need to be a race engineer to set it up nicely but when its set up....OMG its phenomenal. Yes there is a mountain of various settings to properly tune the cars but again, when done correctly.....wow! This is a sim, you are meant to have to tweak till the cows come home in order to set good times. I've encounted very few bugs since first installing the game and have had nothing but a damn good time playing this title. Assetto, iRacing, Raceroom, Forza, Gran Turismo, Dirt, I play them all and others, yep, they are all good games but this is something else, and it will only improve as subsequent patches roll out. Maybe I was blessed with a special platinum edition of the game or something but I fail to see where all the negative crap I keep hearing comes from."
,Not Recommended,234630,29366853,Posted: 19 January,all,OxiCM,"Meh. I got it on sale and despite being pretty, the driving dynamics are just passable. I've seen more realistic tuning and driving in both Forza and Gran Turismo...further proving that good racing games are hard to come by on PC.Bots aren't as dim-witted as most reviews say they are. They're pretty dumb granted, but they don't try and wreck you outright. Just hard to avoid.Lacks content compared to its competitors...it's the compromise nobody asked for, or needs."
76561198078050731,Recommended,234630,20637746,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,b0n3y4rd,"Heres how this goes...Been playing racing games since F1 96 on the psx, completed all the greats, toca 1 + 2, Gran Turismo 1,2,3,4...Moved to PC gaming, got into SIMBIN's Race07 heavily in 2012, did well in an online WTCC league, Race07 was always noted for the touring cars being 90%+ accurate to real life.Discovered Raceroom Racing Experience, have got into that in a big way in last couple of months and spent a fair bit of money and time on it, shame its not that well optimized cause the sound is beautiful.For over a year ive been waiting for the moment I had some spare cash laying around to buy Assetto Corsa, and this week I did......... I got my wheel working and tried so desperately to like it, but being used to stripped out ready to race race cars i guess the ROAD CAR physics wernt my scene, I managed to get a refund from STEAM and thought bugger it.... Ile try out Project Cars......Cautiosly however, i downloaded a cracked version first, OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im literally addicted!As soon as my refund went back in my back i was more than happy to lay out £40 for what could possibly be, the greatest piece of software released in a long time.As ive said ive played all the big racers (even had a go on Forza6 the other day, sorry but anyone claiming that to be a sim is clearly deluded... it just isnt)Project Cars however, is a great sim! The sound cant touch R3E (nothing can frankly) and at times i find loosing the back end a little be too forgiving, and like R3E drifting isnt really built into the physics like it is on Assetto...... but i guess thats the real point.Some Sims Simulator road cars, others simulate Race Cars.... no sim does both very well.If you want to race, Project Cars is the real deal (seriously its nearly perfect)If you want to hot lap like the Stig or Jeremy Clarkson in Ferraris then Assetto Corsa may be your thing.Theres a vid on youtube proving how bad assetto is at simming race cars, an old lotus f1 car doing nord in 5:20, then same car in project cars doing it in 6:14 .... nuff said.I love this game, and sense my laptop's GPU will die before i get bored of it.Thats another point....... the eye candy!!!! I have it looking like NGEN GFX on an ASUS N56... and its very smooth, very well optimized!!!<3"
,Not Recommended,234630,15760203,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Renegade,"Cool graphics, awful gameplay.Edit: People online seem to be ""subhumans"". Be careful."
,Not Recommended,234630,19414288,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,El_Guapo,"Stupid game that feels like it was rushed to the market, considering getting a refund but sadly steam's refund system is such that I wont be able to buy assetto corsa to replace this♥♥♥♥♥♥because funds take 7 days to clear."
,Recommended,234630,27251938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,..,"This game is so awesome, I got the Game of the Year edition for 20 pounds while it was on sale and do not regret the decision. I think if people are looking to buy it go ahread, it looks really good (I am running it on a 1070 so looks may differ with other GPUs)"
,Not Recommended,234630,32659670,Posted: 22 June,all,RunawayKibbles,"Bought this on sale and didn't realize there was no car customization in the game, and that the car list is woefully small without DLC."
,Not Recommended,234630,15836483,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,batuzzy,"Good luck surviving the green light chaos. Oh and also good luck overtaking the AI on tight spot. :)[TL:DR]Update After Patch 2.5:I've changed the review to not recommended. I do really know this game has an astounding graphics, vast choice of cars. But what makes me change my mind is the support from the developer, the community, and the bugs that's still not fixed up till now. The pCars Head Developer is not even trying his best to help the people that has issue with the game (see the top review for the proof about his attitude towards his customer). Well, no comment about his attitude anyway, as long as he's still working on it.The issues I'm dealing right now is that when I start the game, the SMS's logo pops up and it stays the same for a long time. When I try to click, the game crashes, and Steam says that I'm still in the game. So I have to restart my PC again. I have reported the issue but that Ian Bell doesn't want to help me. Instead he makes fun of me, tho' I have delivered it with the most polite way I have done. Take a look at thishttp://forum.projectcarsgame.com/showthread.php?32776-Project-CARS-All-Platforms-Patch-2-0-Release-notes-OUT-NOW-on-PC-PS4-and-XB1&p=1025173#post1025173Conclusion: Not even worth a penny if you want the best service from a developer. Go get Assetto Corsa. Or get it when it's on 75% sale and up"
,Not Recommended,234630,29181277,Posted: 11 January,all,Wexodius,"Project Cars is an arcade racing game. It is not a simulation as some would want to make you believe. The AI is unaffected by rain, too many races suddenly change from sun to rain to the point where it is not realistic. It is good as an introduction into racing, but I have discovered there are actually better alternatives (rF, rF2, GSCE, AMS, R3). The game is still full of bugs, the main one for me being the fact that the order at the end of race is incorrect. It calculates lapped cars wrong, resulting in the last unlapped car being put at the end of the finish grid, while actually it should be in front of all lapped cars. It's astonishing that this never got fixed!!! The ai have better lap times in practice than in qualification, wtf? Some cars feel like skating on ice. Ok, I have never driven a real race car before, but it seems highly unlike to be so slippery in real life (especially after heating up the tires). One of the few ways to try to counter this was to deflate the tires enough, to try to improve the grip to a more reasonable setting (which does have the side effect of heating up your tires too quick). It's better to invest your money in Automobilista or their upcoming successor (at this moment referred to as Reiza 2017). You will have a better racing experience and far better ai, plus the added bonus that they listen to the community and try hard to kick out bugs & improve their sims."
,Recommended,234630,21293201,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,sidnaz,"As far as racing sims on PC, I'd say this is one of, if not, the best one out there. It has stunning graphics (yet heavily demanding on hardware), realistic races and simulation/damage, and career mode has me hooked trying to level up. Not to mention the vast number of cars and tuning.In regards to tuning, a true petrolhead would feel right at home. You can change everything about the car such as technical details about the tire pressure for each wheel. Personally, I don't have a clue what I am doing with these settings so leave them at stock, but someone with a knowledge of that stuff would definitely benefit from tuning their car to the track conditions.I am yet to try out the multiplayer as it seems like there isnt really progress to be made there, yet I hear it can be fun in terms of messing around with friends.Pros:-Stunning graphics-Realistic feel and steering-Highly accurate track replicas-Intelligent AI-Progressive career modeCons:-Higher graphics settings can be extremely taxing on hardware-Controlling the car is very difficult until you get the hang of it-Fairly expensive when not in the sale"
,Recommended,234630,19864968,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"This review does not reflect actual playtime or system.I started with the steam version, and quickly realized my laptop was not powerful enough to handle the awesomeness that is Project Cars. Even with settings low, for some reason i had difficulty getting it to run. Steam was very cool and gave me a refund for this version.Last month i got a PS4 with Project Cars, and it now runs as it should. The game is amazing, you really have to compensate in the corners and each car feels very unique. I really enjoy the addition of the highway tracks and both of them are very scenic.Project Cars is for the driving enthuseiest and i would not recommend this for a beginner, although you can play with assists i don't recommend it. I consider myself a moderate driver but i still need a ton of work when it comes to sim racers, it has a nice variable difficulty which you can play around with to suit your tastes. Many cars are quite challenging to drive and get the hang of. Karts are lots of fun.I have played everything from Gran Turismo to a little iRacing.. keyword a little. Project Cars is pretty unique and its worth a try if you love racing."
,Recommended,234630,21144542,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Very fun driver, not as good as GT series because GT give you the ability to sim and RPG a bit, but with a little tweak this game could be the best.So far it is a blast, the tracks, cars and enviornment are top notch and i would compare this game to GT legendsif it was perfect in all other areas.Online races are flawless, game runs very well with no problems other that an occasional crash, not too often when starting a race.I give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,234630,21597450,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Psinet,"As a long time simracer, PCars is currently the best game around. While the FFB is average, the visuals and immersion exceed any other current racing game available on Steam.I just wish they would update it more!"
,Recommended,234630,28915360,Posted: 1 January,all,Rhandy,From only an hour of ingame time so far i can already tell you this is one of the better if not the best racing games i have playedGraphics look amazing and incredibly well optimizedGood variety of cars and im sure there is alot more to comeSo far had a good hour of fun and im sure there is many more to be added
,Recommended,234630,16375635,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LilDrunkenSmurf,"Amazing game, very realistic, and the closest I've felt to being on an actual track."
76561198041182071,Not Recommended,234630,16684889,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,michaeltorch,"waste of money,,,,same as grid autosport but with worse graphics,,,"
76561197975086233,Not Recommended,234630,15911738,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,KimchiGarlicMatcha,"Pros:GraphicsEasy to driveCons:Car settings are pretty messed up. I had to tune every car one by one to drive properly.Car sounds are very horrible.I guess it's due to putting many cars into one game. The most car settings are the same. The worst thing is that steering ratio is not simulated properly.As a race simulator, I don't recommend this game, but if you like an arcade race game, it would be a good choice.I don't like this game personally"
,Not Recommended,234630,22989694,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Zeaig,"Bought this game thinking it would be great for the Vive, I had played Elite Dangerous a lot and know how fun an immersive cockpit style game can be in VR, So naturally i just assumed it would be really fun to get the same experiance from a racing/car style game. All of the positive reviews had me going.So lets get just dive into the point real quickly,  I will look passed the fact that the game its self is very bland, Most Simulation games can be, And the fact that the AI is pretty well dumb?But if you are buying this for VR be prepared to get some pretty intense lag from time to time.My Specs are.EVGA GTX 980 Classified Edition6700k i7 processor 4.0ghz32gb Corsair Dominator Platinum Ram512gb SSDLiquid CoolingEVGA SuperNOVA 1600 PSUYou get the idea, I have a pretty heafty pc that should be more than capable of running this game let alone VR, Yet i still get Vive frame rate loss on a lot of the maps unless i go into 3rd person mode which sorta defeats the purpose of the vive. I am not the only person having this issue i have talked to a few people claiming they had the same problem.Until they get the frame lag issue sorted out for VR i would not buy this unless you are just playing it on a regular monitor."
76561198047866376,Recommended,234630,16013027,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,briman44,"First   Would you recommend?    In a frickin heartbeat.   I am an AMD USER and Yes I recommend. AMD A-6 6300 Black edtion, and AMD R9 270X. 16Gb ram. running a solid 35-52 fps in most conditions. Yes I am running High and Med settings. It looks apsolutly amazing.     Now this is a issue with the Amd patch. Somebody blew it! OK lets not throw the baby out with the dirty bath water. This game is nothing short of amazing. This game is not better or worst than AC. It's in a league of it's own. IMOP this is way more fun. It's way more emersive, with more driving then one human can do in a life time. And the racing is fun and fair. every car looks, feels, drives, and sounds differnt. And you must learn the car, track, the wather. But you learn on the games time not your own. They'll fix it and somehow it will even be better. Can you play now? oh He** yes. that's where I'm going now."
,Recommended,234630,16410438,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Docslap,One of the best racing simulations out there.
,Not Recommended,234630,17583618,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Wundergran,"This is not a finished game.Gameplay is good, but there are too many bugs. Not long ago there was a bug that every time you went to a pit stop, you'd get flat tires when you got back on the track, now when I triy to enter a pit stop, the car doesn't stop, it just continues rolling into the pit stop, and crashing it's way back out while I'm in the pit stop menu."
76561198070123955,Not Recommended,234630,18087757,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ππ,Force feedback is garbage.
,Not Recommended,234630,23989150,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,buckem,"Oversteer in a FWD car.. Nope, try again Slightly Mad Studios.Track and Car Selection are fantastic, but driving model doesn't make sense. The game is hard, not because its difficult, but because the car handling is completely wrong, Assetto, Iracing, hell even Grand Theft Auto's racing is better than this. (lol) Why would they add the Radbull if there's no car control? Snap oversteer is real. Oh well."
76561198016126416,Recommended,234630,16201738,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,crimsonbinome22,No handbrake10/10 would crash into wall again
,Not Recommended,234630,19572522,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,[MSF] Savior Naidoo,"So I've not played that much (14h as you can see).I've focused on the ""career"" mode. It's not a real career mode, more like ""drive those races and you can change the mode after you finished the season"" and by mode I mean you can change between GT4 and Formula C and stuff.You kind of work your way up but you can also start in Formula A (the highest one) if you want.So I like it for the fact that you get different race weekends with the whole practice and qualifying stuff which is based on the real regularitions (i guess).But there are plenty of races you are ""forced"" to drive wether you want to or not. So I'm in GT4 atm. and am forced to drive a Lotus cup. If you drive those compared to the GT4 it's like you put on a Speedhack and turned off the traction. If you accelerate to much you will turn around. You cannot even start straight if you've got full acceleration.Thats kind of annoying.All those Karts and Formula cars I've tested seem so freaking unrealistic. I've been karting in real life and in this game it's just like a speedhack version of that. You cannot control anything. Well I can't.Eitherway in career mode I've started with the Renault Clio (since Karts were not an option for me).Those feel like your steering a battleship. You're so slow and heavy.After that I've been driving some GT5 car i forgot. That was better but felt pretty heavy, too.The Aston Martin Vantage (GT4) is really fun to drive though. Atleast I like it. But it doesn't seem to be realistic in any way. You're like driving on rails compared to the Formula Cars. And that's what makes me wonder. Isn't it the other way round?All in all I might not be the best informed racer on earth and I've not tested all the cars in this game but I can say it is partly fun but there are better games focusing on one part of what this game tries to combine."
76561198013676311,Recommended,234630,16761490,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sixtyfps Gaming,"I guess i would recommend it but not by much.The graphics are great the sound is great.this game is like the took Forza2,Race 07 and blended them together.Im getting pretty bored of it now but in my opinion it nice to see the next gen racing"
76561198215586716,Not Recommended,234630,17116693,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,saxerr,"I have played this game for many hours and I really want to say that it's a game that i would recommend to my friends, but, with the way they treat people in the forums and how no real improvements or promises have been fulfilled, I cannot with a clear conscience. I have lower end equipment, true, but it is above minimum specs required for the game and I have less than 60 FPS with all settings to low. And if it rains....forget it. Some tracks are better than others and if the frameraate was consistent even being less than 60 i would be happy. It simply is not very optimized for most if not any computer. So with all the beautiful graphics and they really are, if you cant play it at a consistent FPS it is not worth the money. And as I have said before the way the studio head belittles his customers and the banning of any one who dare point out a legitimate bug is banned and ostracized i would not recommend supporting this studio in this game or any other that has the SMS and WMD logo.EDIT: I have recently majorly upgraded my equipment, 16GB DDR4 2133MhZ RAM: Zotac GTX970 Graphics Card; icore 5 6500 3.2Ghz 3.6 Turbo Processor; Its a beast now, and I still wouldnt recommend this title becuse of the poor treatment of customers and players who are still upset from the empty promises that have not been fulfilled and the poor A.I. and many other problems that still plague this title. I will admit, it is beautiful and really could be a must have tiutle, but , its not at this juncture and dont think it will ever be. I think they have pretty much given up on any more ""fixing"" of the game and the fanboys will say they still have a large team dedicated to this title. But the truth is they have a team dedicated to cranking out DLC not fixing the game."
76561198031620281,Not Recommended,234630,20244447,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sabob,"The game was fun when i first purchased it some months back.  I recently started playing again and a patch or something must have been released because my xbox controller no longer works. If the controller is picked up by the game weird things happen during a race like the gears shifting one direction constantly making the game unplayable.Maybe other people might be luckier then I and get the controller work. otherwise be warned that unless you like racing with a keyboard or have a steering wheel setup, you wont be able to play the game."
76561197970662948,Recommended,234630,16725607,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Skeeve,Best racing so far for me. Loving it. And theese engine sounds! SWEET!
76561198070329307,Not Recommended,234630,16688741,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dr-akbar,baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
,Recommended,234630,18402500,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lukahna,"A worthy addition to any racing sim enthusiast's collection. pCARS looks every bit as good as any other game out there. Career modes in racing sims are usually nothing special, and the career in pCARS is similarly basic, but still provides a fun enough way to learn the different classes of racing and the many tracks that the game has to offer.It's important to note that this is more sim than arcade, so if you are looking for a casual racing title, this game might present a steep learning curve. However, if you have experience with other titles such as iRacing, AC, or rFactor 2, you will be right at home with pCARS."
76561198028866754,Recommended,234630,15970133,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mr Baloo,Loving the game right now.Works very well with thrustmaster tx and runs smooth with gtx 970!
,Recommended,234630,16974747,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tebb,"Positives+ Oh so pretty.+ Excellent out-of-the-box wheel Force FeedBack.+ Decent selection of content (cars/tracks).Negatives- Online server browser is horrible - can't sort columns, limited filters (e.g. can't filter for a specific track).- Lacks car/track mods, but does allow shared memory for 3rd party plugins for profiling.Touch pointsIt somehow annoy's me that I have more fun playing Project CARS than I do with Assetto Corsa. :)Both games/sims certainly have their own draw-cards. I prefer the openness of Assetto Corsa (and can't wait for official Steam Workshop integration), but am really drawn to the different content selection (especially tracks) available in Project CARS. As a whole, pCARS feels far more refined, whereas Assetto Corsa feels ""unfinished"".From a technicality standpoint, my wheel (Logitech Driving Force GT) setup and experience is FAR better on Project CARS (out of the box) compared to Assetto Corsa. With a bit of tweaking, the experience in Assetto Corsa can become good, but doesn't seem to feel as responsive as Project CARS.Content perspective, arguably I can download mods for Assetto Corsa - but without workshop integration, the fragmentation makes it too much of a mission for me to care, there are quality issues with most of the mods, and the modding process also seems to make Assetto Corsa really unstable. pCARS doesn't seem to offer modding capabilities, aside from shared memory to allow profiling apps. I'm really lovinghttp://www.tomshane.cz/profiler/! Hopefully any upcoming DLC from Project CARS is fairly priced.Final verdict, I give big thumbs up to both Assetto Corsa and pCARS, and would continue to see them as worth getting / having for a more rounded racing experience (plus RaceRoom and DiRT Rally!)."
,Recommended,234630,15735114,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,grimdar,"Not for everyone.Explaining project cars is not too easy. Lets put it this way. If Need for Speed is a fastfood hamburger, then Forza is Pasta dish at an eatery and Project Cars is Savory seafood dish at a well known restaurant.Like food, you have to have a distinguished taste to like this game. It may seem subtle at first, but this game is insanely DEEP. It's worthy of a simulation.Many people say ""Physics this, and physics that"".. but I wouldn't pay too much attention to that talk. Seriously? How many of you have actually driven a GT3 down Silverstone going 80mph around a tight corner? You don't know that kind of physics unless you do that for a living. The physics have been designed in this game in a way where it takes some learning, but the good thing about this is it's VERY rewarding learning how to properly drive fast.I honestly wouldn't buy this game without a wheel. Gamepad is horribly difficult. The wheel, despite force feeedback issues, feels very natural and easy to learn.In conclusion, it's a fantastic game if you give it some patience. Highly recommended for car buffs"
,Recommended,234630,16348198,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ditendra,"At first I was hesitating to get this game or Assetto Corsa... And finally made a decision & got this one. Well, I don't regret my choice. This is so far best racing game. Very good sounds of engine, great visuals and a majestic soundtracks. It gives me chills when I hear them in menu. I don't know who wrote them, but they are truly masterpiece. I bought this game for a summer sale with -25% discount & don't regret even one penny. If you like NFS shift series, you will love it. Go get it, don't even hesitate!"
76561198050860149,Recommended,234630,16374308,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FernDazzle,"If you have an Nvidia card, get this game, graphics are great, car sounds are amazing.  I have Assetto Corsa and I think this is a little better."
,Recommended,234630,16434745,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JJJC,"+Great graphics+Good range of cars and tracks+Enough tuning options to keep you from seeing the light of day for a few weeks+Every car feels different, you can even feel the difference in power delivery+Gokarts!-Online play suffers from terrible racers and there is seemingly no real rating or reputation feature in place to avoid them with-A few bugs but these are being reduced as time goes on. Nothing game breaking for me"
76561197970495654,Not Recommended,234630,15876859,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,baron von danger,"this game is the poster child for pirating games before you buy them or why steam should offer refunds for games. This game is junk. mainly because It's not really a game. It is more of a simulator. I was looking for something to replace asphalt 8 and this looked like a good game, but after I actually got to play it was hyper realistic crap. the cars seem to have a 2 mile turn radius. I go to turn and it barely turns then slams into the wall. Such a waste of money"
,Recommended,234630,16742149,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Seven,I dont normally write reviews but this game amazes me.*I USED A DRIVING FORCE GT WITH THIS GAME*prosgreat for people new to racing gamesthe cars are very realistic in every way including handling (With Wheel)Cba to write more just buy it ffs
76561198007515691,Not Recommended,234630,16898304,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,OverTheLine,"hellofirst of all before i say this, id like to say ive played this since its release, and almost every day ive played it on a number of tracks, both online and offline, so please dont lecture me, but this in why anyone thinking of buying this game, should turn around and run away...i can understand that on release a game is not going to be perfect, lord knows rome 2 wasnt, and i can same the same for most games, however there is a line that has to be drawn, and the issues with Pcars..is that it should not have been released in the first place.Let me explain - the cars and tracks are fine, thats not the issue, they feel fine, the speeds are realistic, even the weather and detail..is amazing, but...the one thing its needs to do most...its fails at miserably - driver input ....how many times do i have to enter a race, and have the car accelerate without my input, how many times do i have to be mid corner...and have the wheel go full lock to the right? how many times do i line up on the grid, and get a drive through penalty?? why do i enter the pits to change to wets, and come back out still with dry tyres on??!!! ... why was this game released...with those bugs in existence, those are game breaking bugs. the enthusiasts that trust the developers and look forward to ""real"" feedback, have been betrayed and stamped on, and still after updates, the issue, the most important thing that makes racing fun, has not been fixed....ive just raced at le man for 2 hours...only for the car to snap randomly..due to the steering going.now i know what your going to stay - ""your steering is wrong, its your fault not the games"" but...i am not the only one ive spoken to that has this issues. and my wheel is perfectly fine in iRacing..GTR2..and others, so that..is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And just to give you the full truth...PCars 2 has been announced...and most the features, like driver swaps, safety cars, dynamic systems, have all been taken out of Pcars and put into Pcars 2!! so not only have i bought a game, where i dont get what i invested in, but the biggest part that annoys me...is that the developers..dont, give a damive never read news, or seen anything that has had a positive impact on the way PCars feels, and the way it drives...and for a person that is a creator of a racing league, someone who love motorsport and racing ...i feel let down and dissapointed that people could turn their backs on the very people that made their company flourish....I wont be playing until they fix this game, but its not like they will care, as they already have my money to invest in their next broken mess to be released in 10 years or so.Ill stick with iRacing, a company that actually offers you a service, and delivers whats on the tin...OverTheLine"
,Recommended,234630,16021241,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SamSpadeAus,"After playing the game for a few hours, single and multiplayer offline/online I have come to the conclusion that this game is awesome!.The big pluses for me are the following:1. The sound 5.1 is amazing.2. The menu. At first I wasn't sure but now I love it. Very easy to navigate.3. The options in the Gameplay, graphics, HUD, career I could go on an on. They make you game experience a breeze.10/10 for me. Great game.ADDIT:Have now played it for 20 hours+ and I am still loving it. The only thing that bugs me is occasionally it crashes and also sometimes in single player I have to restart the race as I have now control over the cars.Apart fro that I still give this game a big thumbs up. keep up the good work.Also the online racing community is really nice. Players seem to play sensibly."
,Recommended,234630,17137248,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,S'jet,"If you are going to buy this game please understand that this is not Need for Speed Underground and that in order to play it properly you need to invest some time in understanding cars and tracks.  Don't be suprised when your tyres or engine blows up after a long race if you haven't invested any time trying to setup the car for a particular race/track.Do ignore people who are complaining that the developers announced Project Cars 2.  The only difference between these guys and other game companies is that these guys are honest and they let their clients know whats coming so that can get involved again.  It most certainly doesn't mean that they forgot about this game.  There is another DLC coming out tomorrow.It greatly annoys me to see these ignorant, moronic reviews which only indicate intellect of people buying the game not the actual game.Ignore the children complaining about a hard game.  If you like good racing games, this is a game you won't regret buying."
76561198075272806,Recommended,234630,16802063,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Arctiix,"At its current state it is a bit buggy, but it's by far one of my favorite racing sims for the PC."
,Recommended,234630,16828225,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ebola the Friendly Virus,"Being a previous console racer (Gran Turismo and Forza) fan, this game really has filled that gap for me.  The physics are awesome, the graphics are awesome. The game still requires mouse/keyboard in some spots for the menu however it has decent controller support in the menus (compared to assetto corsa).Many of the negative reviews are not against the game, but the politics behind it (crowd sourcing for PCars 2) and game bugs while developing a new game.  Many of those people complaining don't understand software lifecycle development, and I am happy to hear they are continuing development. At the end of the day I had a only a few crashes on release 1.4, so hopefully the latest and greatest 2.0 release resolves those issues, but I wouldn't call the game unplayable."
,Recommended,234630,15724029,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Yukinoinu,"Game: personal 9/10, game actualy deserves 10/10. This is what everyone who spent hours on end in forza or gran turismo racing to get that .001 of a second wanted. I gave it a 9, because known of this game for about 5-8 years hype builds up so much in those years. It is better than I could expect. The twinkies (horizontal bumps) at lemans that launch you into the air don't. People have been saying that there is no force feedback while using a wheel... not true, I have a G27 wheel and racing a F1 around nur you feel more than you could imagine from looking at the track. This is a sim, casual weekend racers beware! This game is really everything we wanted from forza and GT, Rain, Night racing, lights, physics, absolute carnage! True Aerodynamics, Tyre wear and fuel on or off are seperate! Endurance racing, parts will fail and break like they actually do IRL! This game is really out standing! It looks amazing I don't have it turned up to ultra yet because I only have a GTX 650Ti :(. All in all this game is what we asked and begged for for years and years never to get it. WELL DONE SLIGHTLY MAD! I cannot wait to see what is in store for us!"
76561198018734594,Not Recommended,234630,29309096,Posted: 16 January,all,Scarecrow,"Game looks good and drives well when it recognises controllers BUT!As for controllers this game is a total load of rubbish, it is inconsistant as to when it recognises or works with controllers.I use Fanates Elite pedals and a Fanatec Porsche wheel which work with rFactor 2, iRacing, Dirt Rally (& all previoius steam Dirt games), Asseta Corsa and others with no problem.I have had problems with wheel & pedals since day one and tried to get a refund but was told I had played the game for more than 2 hours - YES while trying to get the controllers to work, I dont think I have ever completed a lap.."
,Recommended,234630,35152381,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,7/10Looks great but doesn't hadnle car physics as well as it does the graphics..
76561198282251854,Recommended,234630,21270450,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,courtxgamerboy,great game best driving game me and my dad have every played and it is a more real listed driving game we have playedand I would  recommend project cars to any friend
,Recommended,234630,21284947,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,green2425,This game makes you feel like you're really in the car. Definitely recommend running with three monitors.
76561198283041684,Recommended,234630,21697717,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Vald Bagina,"sure it may be buggy, and sure it might be clunky at times with the handling but (hole) it still has that simulation feeling you want in a racing game. 10/10 with a wheel. with a controller, ha this game is broken. 4/10."
,Recommended,234630,24055873,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Haleat,Pop a wheelie with my Go Karts
76561198014649631,Recommended,234630,21288201,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,vangomaextreme,"Has some flaws, and the car selection could be much better, but an absolute blast to play.  Whoever thought Kart racing could be so much fun?  Career is entertaining and there is as much or as little challenge depending on what you want.  I got this on one of the Steam sales but am having so much fun got some of the DLC to increase the experience.  Imagine it's amazing with a wheel but I'm having a ton of fun with just a humble controller.  If it comes on sale again DO NOT HESITATE!!!!!"
,Recommended,234630,28027697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[MG] SSG_Cole,"+ Stunning cars, tracks, weather.+ Driving physics are reasonably good.+ Great career mode.+ Simple & Intuitive UI- Could use force feedback refinements.- Lousy and frustrating AI- Online racing is hugely dependent on strong connections, cars glitch way too badly for enjoyable racing.- Track/Grid position innacurate during online races.- Rare, but frustrating wrecking into invisible object at start/finish in online racing."
,Recommended,234630,21310930,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sergeant Conway,"Really good at making you realize u cant go 160mph around a corner.... Its fun for a wile by yourself but when you have some friends to play with, it gets pretty interesting. Best Broken Simulator. 10/10"
76561197962041588,Recommended,234630,22170243,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Lance from Texas,Oculus sdk 1.3 steam update please... cant play in VR
76561198090594428,Not Recommended,234630,30102409,Posted: 22 February,all,Atomarer Übermensch,"Sadly, all in all I regret buying this game. Replaying it now after over a year didn't bring the patches I was hoping for. It still feels not completed.I was hyped while I was following other channels beta tests but in the end Project CARS feels really empty and shallow to me. The selection of cars is, at least for me, not that great and mostly also not that interesting. The game looks okay, as long as you stay on the track. The damage model isn't really that present. Sure, it's there but doesn't react properly to whatever crash you're involved with. Hitting a wall with 150 miles doesn't do much - plus the sounds aside from the engines are terrible and/or not present enough. What annoyed me a lot even though it's really just a minor detail are the sparks - they just look so damn bad that almost every PS1 game would do a better job. I'm puzzled how the creaters saw that and still thought it was okay for being in the final release. Also, sometimes I had that feeling I'm playing Ridge Racer, seeing how my car just bumped from the walls like a bouncy ball.Playing with my Driving Force GT was pretty okay. In the other hand, trying to play it with the XBOX One controller was absolutely frustrating next to impossible.It's pretty close to that strange Gran Turismo feeling. You play it and you're trying really hard to have fun with the game since you're driving a nice car and all while trying to nail some nice laps. In the end, maybe you had fun, but you aren't that sure about it. Having no real tasks in this game is a kinda frustrating thing, too.Now I find myself playing the 10-year old Race Driver:GRID again. Sure, it's not a simulator, but it's at least fun and did pretty much everything better than Project CARS."
,Recommended,234630,21675429,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Xay,"I know this is an intensive game to run. If you can run it, I would absolutely get it. I don't have a whole setup for racing, but I use a controller, and played it on three monitors. Maxing it out was beautiful. Even if you can't, medium to high settings looks better than most games on the market right now. Love it, been following for a while until I recently upgraded and was able to play it. Also hooked my laptop up to my projector, used in home streaming, and sat on my couch and relaxed with some friends, it was fun. Would highly recommend!"
76561198005130514,Recommended,234630,22401324,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FTR Otter,"This  racing game  was going to be like no other racing game. I know was in on it at the start. Beta test this game for 3 years. They SMS had great ideas not sure what happen. But some where down the line it didn't happen. After 5 years of working on this racing game its still not done. Menu's still lock down , Kart tracks are open for racing only no pratice can not put a set on have to run the one it came with. When you cut track they turn you  power off for 5 sec right in front of other cars . Why not a drive threw . SMS wanted to make it so we could swap drivers (not working). Set up menu is a mess can only save one set up per car per track. Can not send set ups to friends . There are all kinds of bugs in the game there is a bad force feed back issue with g-27 if you exit on the track and then go back out the wheel will pull to the right. If you want to run more then one class of cars there is no way to pick what class of cars run . When you open it up to all cars on the start of race you have all type of claasses of cars all over the grid. Maybe a filter sytem to allow us to pick what class runs. Beside not finishing the game. Why not sure but I wish it would get done because it could be best racing game out there."
76561198060973610,Recommended,234630,26017049,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kebs,Good grapichs and it runs very well even with my GTX 560 ti...The physics were okay i have been playing Live for speed for 6 years this game came pretty close.But sure i have only played about 10hours. But i think it could be much better with a little bit of work.The online works well unless someone's ping is too bad. Career is pretty cool but gets boring quite fast.but still totally would buy this game.
,Not Recommended,234630,33211375,Posted: 3 July,all,Red XIII,"Horrible technical issues.Had a TON of issues from the get-go. Won't start up, it gets confused the VR/No VR. Random crashes. Could never even finish one race. Simply asked for refund, really bad experience."
76561198021943663,Not Recommended,234630,33011178,Posted: 29 June,all,SteeeveMaddennnn,"The graphics are very nice and the dynamic weather and time are a nice feature. The car list isn't too big but there are a lot of interesting and less known vehicles.I could see myself playing this game a lot but the physics are utter garbage and this is a death sentence for a racing game.The first game I have ever refunded and it's a shame, because it looked promising."
,Not Recommended,234630,17255596,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,(Q),"The game was very good for if you want to just race on race tracks and not have an open world to drive in, but it needs more cars that you can use on the road.And there is no open world so you can run from the cops or anything. So the price is way too high since you race on certain maps and such without being able to have a open world.The only great thing about this game is if you want to drive on race tracks realisticly(rain, dark, or shiny) then this is the game, but its only realistic if you have these special steering wheels and special brake and/or gas pedals."
,Recommended,234630,21406656,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,JP,gr8
76561197963809515,Recommended,234630,21299274,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SteveBallmer,"My experience so farStarted careerplayed one season of 125cc (its pretty booring at this point)moved on to superkarts - won every race (more fun)new contract - wee -somehow i ended up in the 125cc again...... (stopped playing)The game has nice graphics, and is very well optimized. However the career mode just isnt that funny. Its really just grinding races, to move on to something more fun.I think its a decent game, but i probably wouldn't recommend it. However ill give it a thumbs up anyway, because its well made, and if you really like this type of game, you might enjoy it."
,Recommended,234630,22934862,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mick2d2,"This game totally justifies the price of the Vive, it takes simulations to the next level, unbelievably realistic, totally immersive."
,Recommended,234630,19912129,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ScHoolboy D,"I'm new to racing games , Played forza and other titles on xbox , But got a g27 for pc , This game is the best ive played on pc so far , and when on sale the price is great. Career is fun , Online seems pretty stable , and you cant beat going in some go karts on california Highway with friends. If you need a good starter game , This is the one.UPDATEProject Cars with HTC Vive , truly is the future of games , with a wheel and vr , its amazing how diffrent the scale is, Yes the vive isnt the best resolution , but you still feel like you are there, I've had no issues with vr in this game , you can use your head to pick stuff in menus , or just use mouse and controller , Thank you Pcar devs for putting time in to add vr support."
76561198186016126,Not Recommended,234630,20696430,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,villavillans,"Having played this game for close to 30hrs, I feel I have enough of a grasp of it's content to write a review. For reference, I come from a Gran Turismo background so a lot of my feedback will be based on that as a 'simulator' with the use of a wheel/pedal setup (My current setup is a Thrustmaster T500RS, TH8a Shifter & T3PA PRO Pedals).GRAPHICS - 8/10This is easily the strong point for PCARS. I am fortunate to have a very good PC so play with mostly Ultra setting with some at high getting roughly 70-100fps. The detail within the cars is excellent with the environment and tracks being even better, a really good looking game. However I must note that even at the point of this review, there are still graphical glitches seen in open cockpit cars when it is/isn't raining.INTERFACE/UI - 7/10In one word I would say....simple. Everything is easy to find and straightforward. That being said, the ""career"" segment is so basic and shallow it seems like an afterthought. WTF is that calendar system all about? Could the Devs not think of something more interesting/complex than a calendar?Also pointless emails/""tweets"" are pointless. WHY? I won 15ish races on the bounce and I still got emails from people saying ""...this could be part of a streak""....??? Really? You think? Why do I care what Betty whatshername wrote about me on twitter clone-hashtag thingy? I don't!PHYSICS - 6/10This is where I start to see a downturn in PCARS. The physics attached to the cars are very good and definately worth the title of simulation, however the score I have given reflects the lack of positive impact changing the settings of any vehicle has on it's handling. I have tweaked the settings to try and improve charachteristics of the vehicle (Escort Mk1) but to no notable avail. It seems as though every car is set-up to be pretty darn competitive out-of-the-box to the point where there is no real reason to change anything, even though any positive changes seem unoticeable. Why have such an indepth choice of tweaks and settings to your car when it isn't really needed?? Also to note, crash physics between cars is below average at best (It feels more like you are playing bumper cars!).AI - 5/10Boring. Just plain boring. They are okay for casual racers that just need someone to race against in offline mode, but for people looking for a challenge just go and face real humans (....or try another game?). Apart from staying pretty rigid to the raceline, they do not seem to offer much of a challenge when trying to compete for podium places. I feel this is a problem area that almost the entire race genre has, probably owing to the challenge of coding such an AI. So in that regard PCARS is no different than most racer sims, which in of itself is dissapointing considering PCARS is meant to be the challenger to the race-sim crown.FEATURES/DEPTH - 5/10...and quite frankly I feel I am being generous. You never *OWN* any of the cars within the game, you are purely a contract driver. As a concept this is fine, but it will naturally lead to a lack of depth in gameplay owing to the fact that you are simply a faceless dude that turns up around the world in a blink, races then jets back home (This is the main problem with PCARS). This is unlike in Gran Turismo/Forza Motorsport ect where you earn the money and put blood, sweat and tears into owning a piece of machinery. Then, carefully taking your underpowered Golf Gti and turning it into a FWD beast, you face the challenges with something that is YOURS. You earned it, raced it, improved it then won in it. The concept is rewarding and makes for improved length of gameplay and a vast array of features.PCARS has none of that. You're a faceless grunt, deal with it.CONCLUSION - 6/10When I first learnt of PCARS I was HYPED. The idea was brilliant with a community focussed race-sim that delivered a Daddy of all racers that I could spend vast amounts of hours being a nerd while drooling over cars I will probably never own. However, I feel disappointment. It's very pretty yes, but it's so...so shallow. The ""Career"" is pathetically boring at best alongside the AI that seem to be drafted from the deaf-dumb-polite society.Disappointed."
76561197994640478,Recommended,234630,21536229,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BRAKE_N_ROLL,NO HONDA . That sucks
76561198210815209,Not Recommended,234630,29106226,Posted: 7 January,all,colinfeller12,"AI has no sesnse of where you are, if in the normal racing line around an AI car, you will be run into and most likely spin. DO NOT WASTE MONEY, it is a beautiful turd."
76561198088120988,Recommended,234630,21848859,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,alexmarq28,"Great sim but not much in the way of organized racing like iracing. Good graphics and handling, but go with iracing if you're looking to get the professional realistic sim experience"
,Recommended,234630,32335453,Posted: 10 June,all,Litz,"I am a big car guy, but I was never in to racing sim games. I got this game when it was on sale for 66% off and only payed $10. After trying it out and testing it on my pc, I would says this game is worth it. Maybe the game is not for all players but for sure most car guys. If you are buying this game, make sure you get all the DLCs. Because you are going to end up buying them anyways. I give this game a 8/10"
76561198100566070,Recommended,234630,34609852,Posted: 30 August,all,onezerorising,"What can I say about this game? Well first of all let me say that having started way back with some Playstation version of Formula One (with the venerable Murray Walker commentating), I've tried a few. Forza 3 being my last foray although that stopped when I realised I was spending more time taking photos than actually driving,Online? I don't bother anymore: there are better drivers than me (also MANY worse!). I know this and I don't honestly need to have somebody want to rub my nose in it.So Career mode then.The A.I. drivers are fairly decent to be fair. At the time I write this I have the 'difficulty' at about midway and it's too low. In essence, I win everything and by far too many seconds, but when I make a big mistake allowing the AI to pass, I have to be on my best to get back in front. The graphics may or may not be superb. I say may: Some people these days aren't happy with anything less than photo-realistic. I guess they spend a lot of time being unhappy with all games. Me, I think they are excellent. Albeit I have a 1080 (NOT TI) I am playing along happily at 60fps (Vsync ON) and there hasn't been one single glitch. AT ALL. At 1440 x 2560.So good then.The sound is good. Is it realistic? No idea. I've never driven a BMW M1. But it damn well sounds good.Having elected to start the old career in the Karts I can say that the TRACKS are crap. No, really. They are kart tracks. Which are crap. As are the karts. Still, having won everything in sight lots of 'offers' have followed, to drive (so far) the aforementioned BMW M1 (at Spa, no less, yum) and a Caterham Seven at Oulton.The Beemer sounded epic, was bloody hard to drive and I won. The Seven sounded loud (!) and was easy to drive and a hoot. And I won.Do I like this game?Oh yes.Would I recommend it?Oh yes, oh yes.Pro(!) tip: Do NOT mess with the settings until you are absolutely certain that it is NOT YOU but the car/circuit and/or game.This from an XBOX 360 controller user.Cheers"
76561198292214923,Recommended,234630,34647695,Posted: 31 August,all,RapidJosh,"Works amazingly with Oculus Rift and logitech g920 wheel, pedals, and shifter. I run  a gtx 960 and a i5, and i can run it on the oculus with no SS, but on high-ish settings and keep 90fps.DO NOT TRY TO USE TOUCH CONTROLLERS OR XBOX GAMEPAD IN VR! sucks..."
76561198025999795,Recommended,234630,15912546,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mondyrocks,"Well, it looks like the long wait was worth it!A very nice looking and nice playing game. Career mode is decent, online is a bit hit and miss, with wildly different standards of driving, reminds me of driveclub on ps4, it's easy to get barged off on corners!It's much better to join a dedicated community like Racedepartment to play online.The physics and handling of the cars seems really good, though not up to Assetto Corsa standards, then again what is?It's also very good that you can easily set up a server for you and your mates, to practice, tune, race, etc.Overall a solid 9 out of 10, it's everything I hoped it would be!!UpdateAfter a very promising start this game had very few updates.The force feedback was never improved for one, never feeling as good as Assetto Corsa, Raceroom or Rf2.The devs seemed to be more interested in Project cars 2 and releasing DLC packs.New score6/10"
,Not Recommended,234630,17436474,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,LazyGamer,its not opening
,Recommended,234630,15724268,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,VÀƤÓⱤ,Hats off to all the devs @ Slightly Mad Studios for putting together one helluva well presented dream racing sim! All hands are down when it comes to any other racing title out there to date. Project Cars has to be the most competitive and ultimate driving experience enhanced with jaw dropping graphics and ultra crisp life like enviroments. The physics of each cars handling and performance goes way beyond all expectations flawlessly. The total score of my vote is limitless.
76561198014969299,Recommended,234630,17685531,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,skoms,"Pros:- Good graphics.- Feels very good with a decent set of wheels.- A lot of different classes.- Good weather effects.- Many great tracks.Cons:- Lots of bugs.- Flags are useless and often wrong. I got blue flag when i was on hotlap during qualifying when i drive pass a car on out lap.- AI is not so good. They are fast enough, but they often ignore you and bump into you- Few players online.- Lap times will not go into leaderboard during practice. So laptimes set when you are tuning and trying out tunes will only be stored in your memory.- Few cars.- Cannot save and share setups.- No support for modding.- Developers have all ready started to make project cars 2, witch means the improvments of this game in the future will be minimal. They will instead put the impovements into a new game..Do i recommend this game?Yes i do. This game is far from perfect, but its still good enough to give you hours of entertainment if you like racing games. But keep in mind the number of cars are very low.."
,Recommended,234630,18206237,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TJL1995,awesome
76561197993527153,Not Recommended,234630,20259237,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Paddy,"A half arsed attempt at a racing sim,while project cars does something's right and offers a more robust front end and track and car line up than other pc racers it however fails in the most important departments when trying to be a driving game simulator or even an enjoyable arcade or casual driving game.I hate the sound in this game,there are not enough options to balance the sound effects in the game,the slider doesn't work as intended and with most sounds down to 50% and car engine sound at 100% I can stil hear far too much road sound and other car sounds,on top of that there is an annoying tire sound heard when cornering the car at any degree that i also can't stand,it's as if the tires on your car are wrapped in sand paper and there is no variation in this sound what so ever from car to car or gegree of turning point,very generic sounding and it wont go away.The engine sounds themself i also dislike and this contradicts general thoughts that the sound quality of the cars is very good,i trialed 6 cars from the kart and fomula series to stock and road and they all sounded very furmilar,each had very similar gear ratio sets ups and all were very quick in gear changes,i couldn't get to hear a turbo kicking in as you throttle up second or third gear to the over rev point with any meaningful sense of speed,all the cars did were go up quick and over rev with no real improvement in speed,there were no backfires or engine haults,the engines all sounded a bit winy to me with no depth.Controls while using a 360 controller were dreadful,very twitchy controls that sometimes seemed to lose control and traction on the road for no apparent reason,i found this strange and to be the case on only certain parts of a track too and feels more like a bug,i wonder if the wheel is also like this ?I could never recommend this game,i am a little let down by it in all regards,graphics are nothing that new,sound quality is lacking mostly in deph,controls feel like a rehash of a game called need for speed shift unleashed with a similar feeling of twitchy floatyness and middle wobble,no sense of speed vs sound design.A shame and i am glad i waited before buying and refunding.I come from racing games like forza on console and race 07 on pc,race 07 is a far far superior game in almost every way to this pile of garbage,i highly recommend it ! and if you want the newer and possibly the best sim racer on pc i would recommend racingroom experience here on steam,the base game is free for all to play."
,Not Recommended,234630,17297198,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,KALAY,"Unable to remap my controls on my G27.SMS support is non existant.unable to play the game, they took over 3 weeks to get back to me, rendering me unable to get a refundhowever, reports of major issues with the game, and they are working on Pcars2 before they have fixed many game breaking issues should show people that they are in it for $$$ and as long as they get $$$ they don't care about their customers.Asseto Corsa is a much much better game!"
76561197994521065,Not Recommended,234630,22962753,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lemans,"Whenever I run the game it afterwards sets my Windows Sound scheme from No Sounds to Default. It is totally unacceptable to me that a game changes my system settings.Also you can not set the race distance freely when using timed races. There are only fixed times forced upon you. So you can not run a lot of real life race distances. How hard can it be to make the time a freely selecatble minute setting?When you use the AI co-driver and the weather changes he comes in to change tyres. So someone had half a brain. However you then have to be there and select the tyres the AI wants. Of course it does not tell you which tyres it wants. So if you give it tyres it does not like it comes straight in on the next lap again. Also it would do this on the final lap. So I take that back. Whoever programmed that has to be brainless because otherwise he would let the AI take the tyres it wants and then send it off again.Also the track limit system is complete rubbish. The AI itself frequently violates it. AI cars pass you going completely off track and get no penalty. And also your AI co-driver misses the track limits frequently and then gets you disqualified.Another problem is that the game just crashes after long races. I did two 12 hour races with it. Each time the game did not come back after the results screen and therefore the data was not added to my driver profile.As much as I like a lot of the other things the game does I can absolutely not recommend it unless these most basic, glaring and unexcusable major bugs are fixed. It seems like nothing is tested or thought through at all with this game."
,Recommended,234630,18109468,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,JapanGamer29,"Unless you set the game up for an arcade-like experience, you probably won't find instant gratification in Project CARS. It takes patience and practice to stay on the track and be competitive. Once you do get the hang of it, there's a lot of enjoyment to be had.My favorite aspect of Project CARS is being able to set up custom races. You have complete freedom to choose the track, cars, weather, time of day, number of opponents, difficulty, starting position, race rules, warm-up/practice/qualifying rounds, and much more. This alone offers unlimited replayability.I notice a lot of the ""helpful"" negative reviews are out of date. There have been numerous patches since the game was released which have addreesed issues people found.As it stands, Project CARS is my most played game of 2015 so it gets a big thumb up from me. :)"
,Recommended,234630,25983305,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,🍛CurryCurryMee,Good Game ! I buy it last minutes before offer...worth my money !
76561197963578261,Not Recommended,234630,29382754,Posted: 20 January,all,bottom bitch,"can not be recommended for VR! The performance in VR is so poor, its beyond playable. I have decent hw(I7-6600, GF 1070) and the fact that on the same hw assetto corsa with compareable settings runs smooth, altough it has no official htv vive support (which pcars has) is a shame. I recommend assetto corsa with revive instead!"
,Recommended,234630,23162378,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,stankiem,"Bought this for HTC Vive support, absolutely amazing.  This is highly playable and completely awesome (don't even think about turning up the graphics though, I can't get 90fps with anything but default settings)I'm not a huge race game guy, but this will surely give me hours of play time.  Get a racing wheel and get Project Cars if you have a Vive or Rift."
76561198066832292,Not Recommended,234630,16634842,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,theBMWard,"This game is a race car driving simulater. NOT a racing game.I was excited about this game. I love forza, dirt, and grid. I thought it was going to a combination of the best of all 3. It was, but it also wasn't.The graphics are good. The amount of detail on the cars rival, if not surpass, forza. However the track and the environment suffer.The AI in the game is okay. They follow their race line and thats that. The will not move. They will not try to take the outside to pass you they will try to go through you in order to pass.The game play is great. Each car handles in its own way. You feel the difference between the BMW M1, the Zonda, and the go karts you start out with. It is wonderful and I give full credit to the developers who made it. It is a job well done.My biggest problem is the shear lack of cars. No ferraris. No lambos. No Bugatti. No koenigsegg. No Volkswagon Golf. No Chevy Corvettes. Litterrally 3/4 of the cars you find in Forza alone are not in this game. They have very few normal cars for you and your friends to drunkely race. Few super/hyper cars that you can only dream of owning and want to top out. It is by far the biggest dissappointment. The cars that are availabe are race cars with few road cars availbe.This game is supposed to make you feel like you are a young race car driver. It does and it does it well. I now realize this after I played the game for a bit. I also realize what I liked about forza and grid and dirt are not good for a game that wants to be as real world as possible when it come to making you feel like a acutal race car driver.Grid, Forza, and Dirt are racing games. They look good, they feel good, they are focused on making the driving experience entertaining and fun. This game focuses on accurarcy above all else.Again for the people who only read the first and last senteces  of a review:This game is a race car driving simulater. NOT a racing game."
76561198059753918,Recommended,234630,16617995,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,XenoYparxi,I'm in the race car broom broom
76561198119472779,Recommended,234630,16402577,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Theflyingtank,Best racing game up to this date and all cars have great sounds phisics and textures.
76561198034471028,Recommended,234630,16413866,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,peabody,"Oh yeah, its good"
76561198145920325,Not Recommended,234630,16651289,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SmileyBo,This game feels like it is still in BETA and has too many bugs plus it is taking weeks/months for patches to be releases to fix these bugs.Don't waste you money.
76561198078022970,Not Recommended,234630,17286998,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ZeroFun o7o7o7,"Absolutly f*cking unplayable with every car spinning out all the time with ALL assists on and with the most stable tuning possible. Poor physics, dont listen to anyone who says this game is realistic. The graphics are good, but i had to use sweetfx to make the game look as it should in 2015."
76561197970862115,Not Recommended,234630,17434594,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,baconator,"Well im dissapointed , it feels unfinished , short of content and im reluctant to stump up for extra content , handling is rubbish as soon as your car looses traction you cannot ride it out you will crash stuck in to the barrier and have to reverse out , crash detection is woefull , slightest clip and your in a lurid spin , some tracks have blind dips and as soon as you hit that your car goes light and you most likely again crash .AI is weak the lead car just sits behind you and the rest fade away , yep or you crashed and worked your way to second there is a big gap to first  . the slow cars are decent to drive with more mechanical feel but supercars on fall apart at the first corner with the crash detection and the knife edge handling .i am using a 360 xbox controller , its working better in win 10 but pre update in win 7 i had no hope at all , no support for 360 controler unless it has been patched now i dont know .out of 10 i rate this unfinished game 4 .but if it were finished it has promise ."
76561198136582265,Not Recommended,234630,17393498,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TapRackBang,"If you like Forza, you will hate this game.  The driving is fine, but there's no cars.  Forza has hundreds of cars from all makes and models."
76561198048762384,Not Recommended,234630,24016944,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,flipperho,"AI are rediculous, first lap first corner crash kid everywhere.There's no way you could properly start a race outside pole.If you turn up the difficulty, the crash-kid-issue is just getting worse and worse.Definitely a waste of money.Oh, and the Nurburgring Norschliefe sucks.Nowhere near the real stuff in Germany. (I've drove there for quite a dozen laps these few years)"
,Recommended,234630,15894926,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Formidable77,"Fantastically put together.The only things are that you have to have a GOOD pc to play it on, and it has a few bugs, but other than that, the game is absolutely amazing. It's everything a driving simulator could offer."
,Recommended,234630,16564721,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The_Rilonator,Amazing. Looks good and feels good. I felt like Lewis Hamilton.
76561198032115034,Recommended,234630,16567077,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Equanim,"9/10+  Very technical, the game enforces good racing habbits by severly punishing bad ones.  I'm actually learning things just to be competitive on easy mode, this makes it really addictive.+  Graphics and sound, especially the weather system.+  Flexible game modes allowing you to play pretty much any way you want.+  Runs very well on my i7 4770k, 8gb RAM and GTX 560ti.-  Selecting a cars and tracks is a little odd.-  The AI has a tendancy to ram you out of its way.*  If you get the ""Lap time is invalid"" message because you went off the track, you can still finish the race, it just doesn't compare your lap to time any records.  Cutting the track or intentionally ramming other cars will get you in trouble however.*  If you play with a controller, you'll need a keyboard to do things like exit the game.  The game itself plays beautifully however, be prepaired to use some finesse!*  If you're looking for an arcade experience, move on.*  The game focuses on modern, high end vehicles, so it might not interest you if you want to experience driving a Shelby Cobra or racing your Toyota Camry for example."
76561198002514107,Not Recommended,234630,16644070,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KILLERDOG,"Another game that didnt live up to the hype. Very frequent crashes, visuals looks aweful, laggy gameplay and lock ups. And now they announce Project cars 2. Seriously, they have not even sorted this one out yet. REFUND APPLIED FOR. I will NEVER buy another product off this very bad software developer. RIPP-OFF !!!!!!"
76561198149080797,Recommended,234630,16767998,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,1djotey,a liitle patience and a little tuning.......DOPE !!
76561198029183661,Not Recommended,234630,17895816,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Shnizler,"If you like force feedback, DO NOT BUYout of the box the force feedback will rip the wheel straight from your hands.There is little in regards to help setting it up properlyEach car has its own settings you will have to tweak to make it drive right !"
76561198166958457,Recommended,234630,19119134,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,shalakocore,among the  best racing sims nice career mode with new stuff being added all the time. the Price of addons is cheap and the quality is excellent largest choices of cars and track out there enjoy
,Recommended,234630,16540182,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BlackFish,"Oh man, I paid $30 and I glad I did! This game's the bee's knees!-After some tweaking, the X360 controller is pretty easy to use. (Turn turning sensitivity down to 20 as a start).-On my GTX 780 based rig, the game can run 90fps (144hz monitor) with DX2M (double resolution and MSAA) + FXAA high and high(reflections, shadows, env mapping)/ultra settings. Grass and motion blur are low since I don't really need them.-Cockpits are pretty. After tweaking the helmet cam, TrackIR support is super awesome.-Did I mention this game has go-karts? Like really pretty ones?-All of the tracks and cars are unlocked from the get-go.-A bazillion tweakable options for racing nerds. Maybe if/when I get a racing stick I'll think about it.One minor nuisance, the menu music is a bit too epic for me. Di.FM fixes that. :)I wish this game had splitscreen, but Trackmania and Grid Autosport take care of that I suppose."
,Not Recommended,234630,17604973,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,PeteUplink,"I'd normally write a longer review than this, but I just can't be bothered. I'll simply say that the game just isn't all that good and the biggest let down is the AI... It's fine for multiplayer, in fact it's very good for racing against friends, but if you want a good racing game with an in-depth and accurate career mode, challenging AI and accurate race weekend simulation, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,234630,16028593,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Siempre,i really like this game even more after getting a g27 wheel!
,Recommended,234630,16611426,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,regikiller88,"This Game is very fun, I would highly reccomend a racing wheel to play this game for the best out of it, otherwise it's AMAZING."
76561197970641367,Recommended,234630,16295957,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,punk rabbit,"Great game but some things are Important to know imho:- Using Jack Spade's FFB Tweaker files the drivability is great (using a wheel)- Graphics are mostly great, but the videos and screenshots available online are better than real life experience on more down to earth hardware... definitely need a very expensive computer to achieve excellent graphics- I find the shadows flicker and disturb my concentration, especially in Monza- Multiplayer (PC) is way worse than I was hoping: Few options like filters, 60 min practice + 60 min qualifying + 60 min warm up.... wtf- Singleplayer great fun though, really like the ability to precisely adjust opponent strengthAll in All: If bugs were fixed and multiplayer experience improved, then I wouldn't stop playing..."
76561198034453880,Recommended,234630,18340561,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ejhartten,Best racing game ever. I've been playing racing games since Pole Position!
76561197975229943,Recommended,234630,19339544,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cheech,"Lets keep this simple shall we....     3 reason why not to buy this game!!If you like crashing into people and driving like a moron then this game isnt for you!If your an Arcade racer and want instant track gratification then this most definatley aint for you!If your a Need for speed fan boy then more than likley this game aint for you either!This isnt an arcade game so please stop moaning about cars, content and controllers not working correctly etc etc etc Success comes with trial, patience and practice.Lots of reason why to buy this game!!If you like racing with a like minded community and have a little time to put into your configuration settings then this game is almost certanly for you. Instant track gratification is almost impossible but then again it probably is in real life, you need to try different setting for your controllers in order to get the most out of this game. Then you will see the real gains and success on track.If you like games like Live for speed, rfactor, Asseto Corsa and even F1 2010-15 then this game is for you. Id even go as far to say if your a Dirt fan the you will probably like this game too. This isnt an arcade game therfore instant success is not possible, practice practice and practice some more and you will become a top racer and then be able to enjoy the thrill of close to real life racing without spending fortunes."
76561198030802230,Recommended,234630,16189708,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,dsteinbach,"This is by far the best racing sim I have played. The only sim that comes close is Asseto Corsa, which is very good as well. Project Cars is a blend of realistic physics, great AI, and choices on what to race. This game offers something for everyone and is must for any racing fan. It is the racing sim that I will judge all others on."
,Recommended,234630,16551126,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Peanut,Realistic AND super graphics. What more could you ask for in a racing simulator?!
,Recommended,234630,16007793,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Edinak,Marvelous!
76561198072063896,Not Recommended,234630,16548710,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BlueWindGTR,"Bug, bug, bug and more bug. Bugs take me terrible experience, totally stop me enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,234630,16682675,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Richard Dastardly,"Not a genuine sim - I'm not terribly convinced by Assetto Corsa either but it's worlds better than this, so if you're raised on GPL & similar, don't bother. Looks pretty, though.Noticed they announced a crowd-funded sequel already, so I'm asking for a refund & getting out."
,Recommended,234630,16539653,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Notorious Businessman,In the loading screens it will some time say that some of the drivers in game are devs and to try crashing into them. People online must confuse me as a dev a lot.
76561197971009340,Recommended,234630,16778959,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,stringue,"The best racing game I have ever played, with the irritating caveat for new users that its default G27 ffb effects are terrible and the ffb system takes a lot of headache inducing tweaking to rectify.[comparisons influenced by comparing to Grid Autosport]+ UI is nicely designed and very well integrated with online elements which allows a much more social experience for example competing with community ghost cars and quick access to online play, colours are bright and graphical elements are well thought out and modern in the form of a tablet icon layout.+ With some Ultra settings on Tracks and Cars (i7 4770 nv 760 ) graphical detail is excellent much better than GA, nice clean well modelled cars, track surfaces and general layout are excellent, almost photo realistic even on a small monitor- Despite high anisotropy I find there is some ""jaggys"" at distance that can make judging distance to oncoming corners sometimes difficult+ Car interiors are excellent really add to immersion, find myself playing in these all the time despite other views such as bumper view being arguably clearer, much better immersion factor compared to GA- Lack of split screen mode hurts long term playability if you have 2 wheels and friends, a great shame for a game with so many other features+ Pit stops requesting fuel and repairs in online races, plus presence of practice and qualifying rounds online before races really adds to immersion makes for a fantastic race experience+ Level of detail in customising cars, such as camber and toe settings, downforce, tire temperatures for inner,med,outer and so on and on are almost endless, the defaults for each car are pretty good though I found the default gear ratios sometimes off for some cars and tracks, the potential depth of gameplay to be had by endless tuning is excellent, though daunting the defaults are okay! Menus presented in a decent fashion as well.+ Online community is good, good online integration+ Physics model compared to GA is much better, physical modelling of tires and contact forces, cars handle very well really adds depth, tire scrubbing if turning in too fast, loss of traction, cars suspension bottoming out, tire temperatures and effects, fuel weight effects, many nuances are shown for each car, cars look great in replays and adds a level of detail in car handling not present in many games, really cool!+ Audio [edited after 2.0] Car engine sounds are great and diverse, environmental sounds are too loud, typically hearing crowd sounds over tire sounds is very problematic. After 2.0 tire sounds are much better to hear but still difficult to pick out over the din of the crowd, still wishing tire sounds and states were better transmitted through audio as it helps to get a feel for the car. Loss of traction sounds, brake lockup sounds and other sounds are more noticeable now post 2.0 which is a lot better than before.+ Offline is extensive regards career mode, nice offline practice and quick race functionality+ Car selection is amazing, DLC are cheap, all have great interiors and outstanding 3d models and textures, repaints available for each car are amazing and look amazing.+ On a 4770 + nv 760, with some Ultra settings but no [ott] particle effects I am getting 100fps + offline, dipping to well above 60 in online with many cars, I would say it is well optimized even more of a shame they never fit in split screen as it seems reasonable spec computers can get good framerates.+ Good menus for fiddling with controls, defaults for many peripherals***************************EDITED After 2.0 (removed rant and recondensed with more positive outlook after recent changes);Prior to 2.0 and as a new user coming from GA to Project Cars with the G-27 I had a lot of trouble getting the force feedback to a reasonable state which made left me very sour.As a more experienced player now finally getting a better ffb experience through my own tweaking and understanding the numerous parameters I have removed the rant with my new outlook, however as a new player even into 2.0 there are many frustrations with ffb and feel of the game through this popular wheel which I will add a condensed rant;- Default FFB settings as of 2.0 produced endless amounts of ""clipping"" on G-27 resulting in terrible feel through wheel feel and can really offput you getting into the game further.- Default Car setup page FFB effects are in my opinion terrible for new users, many of the default tire forces, for example lateral tire forces, obliterate subtle helpful force variations for example tire torque, and have to be radically tweaked to get better feel, I recommend only Mz and Sop Lateral forces on each car at 100, zero out all the other parameters or your wheel will get saturated.- FFB options are many falling into two primary filtering techniques, relative mode and soft clipping mode, by default the relative mode is used though I found this unsuitable with jumping between cars with wildly different tire forces (ex. FA to Road Car) resulting in clipping. Basically the over 20 sliders dealing with FFB are a headache for new users and require a lot of tinkering and exploring to make them feel better.[I think FFB feel is a subjective thing, if its of any help I used the soft clipping settings of; SCH2,SCF0,RelSettings All 0, Deadzone 0 Deadzone Falloff 0.05, TF 100, Knee settings of position 70 and strength 30. Though these are ok for me as of patch 2.0 subsequent patches may alter tire forces and render these useless!] [These are also in conjuction with default car ffb strength and only 100 Mz and 100 Sop Scale + 100 Sop Lateral, too many other car ffb forces here I find washes out much detail][I even ended up charting my own G27 force linearity, or so called linearity, it has a very linear response at ~70% force upwards at a logitech profiler strength of 106 (I found this the most linear response strength) Below this its all over the place with higher force output than input, I used a knee reduction of strength of 30% at the 70% mark to match aprox my own wheel and it feels ok, different profiler strengths produce much different outputs, the default 100 produces some odd dips and rises as well. Not to mention the force deadzone, though this can be treated with increasing the force strength, more strength less deadzone, 106 is not as much deadzone reduction as higher but has best linearity]- Learning about ffb effects and interactions as a new user is as you can believe a bit of a bore lol! Once you are past the hump the game is good and the ffb is good too, though the game at default makes too high a demand of a new user with a G27 (and other wheels?) to get good force feedback across different cars without asking for a ******* degree in tweaking :(Rant over but better than before!**********************************************TLDR Version;+Game is the best racing game I have ever played, It is the best racing game in existence.- Users with a G27 will need to be patient to get the game ffb working, keep at it, hoping much better default ffb setups will come in future along with much better car default ffb effects as well.*********************"
76561198131413584,Recommended,234630,22988036,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Robert,"I really didn't care for Project CARS when it first went public, but they added Vive virtual reality support and I fired it back up again to see how it was. Magnificent! I love it now. The menus are well done and easy to navigate and it is just simply beautiful in VR - with one glaring exception...Slightly Mad - Please, PLEASE allow us the option to render our whole car in the cockpit view. In VR it is just so disturbing to look back and see the rear of your own car not fully rendered especially in the open wheelers.But the rendering issue doesn't keep me from recommending it especially for anyone driving in VR. It's just so nice to go blasting around tracks or along Highway 1 like you are really there. So damn cool!Highly recommended! And folks, VR is how this sim should be experienced!"
76561198080160891,Not Recommended,234630,25934940,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BlackMamba,"Let's be honest, the devs have given up on this game and they've left it in quite a state. The online is so full of bugs, 1 time of 4 you won't be able to start a race because you'll be stuck in ""limbo"", either planted on a random part of the track or in some kind of glitchy heaven type world, all you can do is kill PCars from the task manager.Another fun glitch online sometimes is a patch of around 50x50ft under the car that is like a stripey shadow that follows you around... However hit the right curb at just the right angle then it might disappear for a lap or two.On the other hand the GT3 cars are a blast, so that's nice.In other words, don't buy it full price, wait for PCars 2."
,Recommended,234630,15887840,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mazdaspeeding,"Love this game.  Physics are outstanding, the different tiers are great.  Most realistic weather effects bar none.  I hope the car selection is expanded along with the track selection.  I've never seen car models so detailed either.  I've been playing with a controller and this game will probably make me buy a wheel/pedal set."
,Recommended,234630,15895278,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DJPORTUGA,"Fantastic game, save my g27!!!"
76561198046396573,Recommended,234630,16008502,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,пизда,More infuriating than CS:GO11/10
,Not Recommended,234630,27746829,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,moso,"I tried this game coming from Assetto Corsa, I saw it on sale and pounced. I found this game very hand-holdy, and unnecessarily complicated like HAVING to click the small ""sign"" button for contracts. On top of that the controls feel really squishy. I get 83fps but it is the most unstable 83fps ever.Maybe it's just because I'm coming from Assetto Corsa, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,234630,15723298,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,mars. 十三,This game is AWESOME!
,Not Recommended,234630,15846590,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RTMPro,"This game has a lot of hype, but it is extremely boring.  It's only worthwhile playing with other people.The amount of vehicles, currently available, is not that good.  Most groups/classes, only have 1-3 vehicles to choose from. (unless you like Formula/open wheel)  They also promise ""Each month, Project CARS players will also receive a free car. We started with a bang in May with the $3.4m hero car from the movie Furious 7 - the Lykan Hypersport - and players can expect delivery of the next very soon...""  Seeing as it's now July, we're still waiting on the 2nd & 3rd free car...(Edit 10-16-15: 4th free car has been added.  We're a few months after release now, & unless you're buying up all the DLC, there aren't many choices for cars.  If you own all of the DLC, the car choices are much better now.)The amount of tracks, currently available, is average.  One would expect a lot more tracks than what they have now.  Most tracks, currently available, are variations of each other.  They boast a whopping 110 courses, when in actual fact, there are only 30 actual tracks, which they call locations, with most having 4+ different layout variations.http://www.projectcarsgame.com/locations.htmlThe graphics are above average (I have no issues with an AMD setup, FX6350, R9 280X, with 16GB RAM).  Nothing like what you see in the media releases though.The realism is, well, there is none.  This is an arcade racing game allowing tuning of many parts of the vehicle.  Yes, each change will alter what the vehicle does, but, the ""simulation"" side of things is an illusion.  There are too many unrealistic features for some of these cars that, no matter what you alter in settings, it will never feel like you're actually driving it.The career mode is a waste of time, literally a waste of time.  There's no reason to even do the career mode.  No story.  You don't unlock anything.  You don't get special licenses to do special races.  The AI is not that good.  If anything, the career mode is for people without an internet connection (I.E. PS4 players).  I think that's the only reason it's there.The online mode only searches games within your Steam Download Region, which can only be changed manually.(This has now been fixed.  Well done WMD.)Controls are not controller friendly, no sensitivity options for throttle, brake or steering.  It's either 0% or 100%, nothing in between.(Steering is now a bit more forgiving with a joystick/controller.  Throttle/brake, are still 0% or 100%.)This game is NOT worth the money they're asking.  Even half price is still too much!  60-70% off and you've got yourself a game that is worth buying & playing.  Perhaps once they start adding more vehicles, needs about 10x more, it MIGHT be worth buying at its current price.This is an Early Access game at best!Edit 7-19-15:I will say that with the past couple updates, they have managed to fix a few bugs & create a better experience when playing.  Although, it was at the expense of new bugs & new penalties that may alter your gaming experience.  Also, still waiting on these new cars that were promised.  And for those that didn't know, WMD have already started working on Project Cars 2.  Granted, release is still years away, BUT, please make this game better first!"
76561197986181055,Not Recommended,234630,15865503,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MrDirectX,"Let me first start off by stating the positive attributes of the game, and then I will elaborate as to why you the consumer should not waste your time/money on purchasing this travesty of a ""racing simulator"".  There is only a few qualities of this game that I can say are positive: 1. Graphics/IQ(don't trust the requirements posted on steam, you will need a high end system in order to achieve ultra IQ at 1080p+/60 fps), the graphics are phenomenal.  2. Track selection: the tracks in this game offer a wide variety of locations.   Now for the negative stuff 1. Lack of content, and progression system, the career mode is an absolute joke and lacks vision as well as direction.  This game is more inclined to simply be a venue for test driving F1/Super Cars because that's pretty much all you will get out of it.  2.  Little to no in game sound tracks, while engine noise is nice the ambient background chime of music seen in almost all racing games is a must.  3. Control's, this one takes the cake and should be the primary reason for not buying this game.  If you are using a typical Xbox 360 or similar controller you will be in for quite a shock, as almost every car is virtually uncontrollable  or handles like a boat no matter the difficulty settings.   It would appear the developers could give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the majority of players whom aren't using a wheel with this game.  After all is said and done, I have played many racing simulators, and others like them, but this game still cannot stand up to the likes of Gran Turismo, Project Gotham Racing, or Forza.  Dare I say it but DriveClub, actually does a better job than this game, finally if you are interested in the new Need for Speed Shift 3 buy it, otherwise avoid it.Note on System requirements:  I am running an extremely high end system when compared to the system requirements listed on steam, and still drop below 60 FPS when running at 1080p on ultra. Below is my system for reference:System Information:System Name: WIN64ARCModel:Operating System: Windows 8.1 build 9600 (64-bit)Motherboard Manufacturer: MSIMotherboard Model: Z97 GAMING 5 (MS-7917)Motherboard Version: 1.0BIOS Manufacturer: American Megatrends Inc.BIOS Version: ALASKA - 1072009BIOS Release Date: 2014/12/23CPU Information:Manufacturer: GenuineIntelType: Intel Core i7-4790 @ 3.60GHzCodename: HaswellCPUID: Family 6, Model 3C, Stepping 3Socket: LGA1150Lithography: 22nmNumber of CPU's: 1Cores per CPU: 4Logicals per Core: 1Clock Frequencies:Measured Speed: 3600.5 MHz [Turbo: 3800.5 MHz]Multiplier: 36.0XBus Speed: 100.0 MHzFront Side Bus Speed: (N/A)Timing Error Ratio: 1.000Cache per CPU package:L1 Instruction Cache: 4 x 32 KBL1 Data Cache: 4 x 32 KBL2 Cache Size: 4 x 256 KBL3 Cache: 8 MBMemory Information:Total Physical Memory: 24528MBAvailable Physical Memory: 22167MBMemory Devices:Slot 1: 4GB DDR3 SDRAM PC3-10600A-DATA Technology , wk/yr: 16/20111.5V, Clk: 666.7MHz, Timings 9-9-9-24 (@ Max. freq.)Slot 2: 8GB DDR3 SDRAM PC3-12800PNY Electronics 8GBH2X04E99927-15XMP: 1.50V, Clk: 800.0MHz, Timings 9-9-9-27Slot 3: 4GB DDR3 SDRAM PC3-10600A-DATA Technology , wk/yr: 16/20111.5V, Clk: 666.7MHz, Timings 9-9-9-24 (@ Max. freq.)Slot 4: 8GB DDR3 SDRAM PC3-12800PNY Electronics 8GBH2X04E99927-15XMP: 1.50V, Clk: 800.0MHz, Timings 9-9-9-27Video Adapters(2x in SLI):Description: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970Chip Type: GeForce GTX 970DAC Type: Integrated RAMDACMemory: 4095MBVideo BIOS: Version 84.4.1f.0.70Driver Provider: NVIDIADriver Version: 9.18.13.5012Driver Date: 4-8-2015Monitor 1: 1920x1080x32 60Hz (Primary monitor)Description: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970Chip Type: GeForce GTX 970DAC Type: Integrated RAMDACMemory: 4095MBVideo BIOS: Version 84.4.1f.0.70Driver Provider: NVIDIADriver Version: 9.18.13.5012Driver Date: 4-8-2015"
76561198003053483,Recommended,234630,15897148,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,AxemaN,"Best racing game available. Cannot say more. Some bugs in the beginning got a hotfix. Now everything works fine (up to 96%). Day-night changes are impressive.Still, some lags make it uncomfortable to drive. Matchmaking is not that easy because you gotta search for a game that fits your preferences. Steering/handling is a bit different from what you know from other games (Grid, F1...) but after a short time you get used to it.To beat iRacing, it needs oval races, but overall for me this is THE BEST RACING GAME at this time."
,Recommended,234630,22683693,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,roqueper,"Love this game, perfect combination of realism, great graphics, gameplay, etc."
,Recommended,234630,16807726,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GobixGobi,"Fun driving, cool racing.Very nice graphic even if I do not have highend graphic card.My specification of computer is i5, GTX760, 8GB Ram.But I cannot feel any lag in the game while I play.Buy this. Buy twice."
76561198007676526,Not Recommended,234630,15760519,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Obelicks,"First of HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is beautiful, and as long as you just stand still and watch the pretty cars it is all good. But as soon as you begin your first race you will realize that there is something completly wrong with this game. i play with an xbox controller and sometimes the game ignores my inputs and refuses to make a turn so you have to put your stick back to the center and try to get repeat the input this is not a hardware problem i have tested this bug with 3 different controller one of them being a PS controller and they all encounter the same bug. Also sometimes the game will armwrestle the controls from you and force you to make a turn when you want to go steaight for some time. and then there is time... when i am playing the singel player time will begin to slow as i enter the begining of a turn and this effect has no duration bar or anything it is just like bam 50% time speed and bam back to normal, they could atleast give it a more fluid transition. I thought i would give racing another chance even though it have never really been my favorite genre of gaming.i sincerely hope they will fix some of these bug, so the game becomes playable at some point"
,Not Recommended,234630,16068003,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,MechaGandhi,"This is more of an arcade than it was marketed as or intended to be.  The physics are very unrealistic and I'm not entirely sure what lead this to happen.  The tire grip is extremely over-asserted, and the oversteer feels as though it has been exaggerated to compensate.  This is especially noticeable with the road cars, which are genuinely unplayable if you're looking for a sim.  Absolutely not worth the selling price.PROS:-Many supported wheels-Optimized 360 controller settings, which is more fitting for this game-Oculus supportCONS:-Extremely inaccurate physics, especially noticeable with road cars-Extremely small and disappointing car selection, especially road cars-Poor track selection.  Only 2 or 3 of the essentials, not nearly enough to justify the price-Menu UI is overwhelmingly cluttered and counter-intuitive.  I have never had this complaint before-No integrated mod support-Exaggerated arcade car sounds"
76561198015946754,Not Recommended,234630,29989660,Posted: 17 February,all,Lay_Ur_A$$_DowN,"A WARNING to everyone switching between 2 different controller devices!  (between Wheel (for me Driving Force GT) and Controller)You can't save settings for 2 different controllers. To me this is an issue as I like playing the game with a controller just for fun, and sometimes more seriously with a wheel.When switching from wheel to gamepad, all wheel-settings are getting resetted by the game and you have to calibrate the wheel and all your Force Feedback settings again.As the whole setting up your wheel process takes quite some time (calibration, button-mapping & adjusting FFB), I'm very tired of doing it all over again.Although I like gameplay, that whole thing makes me think twice about starting the game.And after a couple of times setting up the wheel I'm sick of wasting my time with controller settings.With PC2 coming by the end of the year there is no fix to be expected anymore.For me this is not tolerable as a finished product and I cannot recommend the game to anyone wanting to use wheel and gamepad alternately to play the game!"
,Not Recommended,234630,15736341,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,El Duderino,"Disappointment. This game was terribly overhyped. In an attempt to do everything, the only thing they have gotten correct are the graphics (for nvidia). The rest of the game feels like it is a beta release. The fanboy steam community jerk off going on over this game must consist of console gamers. No one should be using the word ""sim"" to describe this.Oh yes it looks phenomenal if you have an nvidia card, but anyone who thinks these cars handle correctly and that the force feedback feels realistic obviously hasn't driven real cars before, or real sims for that matter. Cars don't spin just because you let off of the throttle before you even turn the wheel. The rubber band AI drive like teenagers who just got their license and can get away with antics like cutting corners bouncing their way through the grass. Damage is a joke other than cosmetic, you can plow head first into a wall and back up and continue like nothing happened. You can even shiftwithoutthe clutch all through the RPM range without consequence on stick shift vehicles.The sounds are even a little off, and some (tire squeal for instance) are just straight up unrealistic. I mean judging by sound alone you can't tell if your brakes are squealing or your tires have locked up.If you love games like Gran Turismo and Forza, you are new to PC racing with a FF wheel (and blissfully ignorant), or you just want a racing game that looks great on your new monitor then this is for you. But if you want a simulation, know how driving a car should feel, have a triple screen setup, oculus rift, or an AMD card -STAY AWAY. Buy Assetto Corsa instead and save some cash. Or if graphics don't matter as much as physics/feel to you then iRacing is even better than this."
76561197992422423,Not Recommended,234630,27386328,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lightspeed,"Got a refund, did not like the weird semi-arcade feel, tracks not great. I'm sticking to Asseto Corsa, iRacing and few others."
76561198036962193,Not Recommended,234630,16019115,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,simgangster2,"I am not allowed to say most of the words that come to mind about this game.  ""Project"" is the key word.  Unfinished ""Project"" lacking the ability to get a refund for a hammered out piece of crap that looks like something EA would unleash upon gamers.  CRASH! Surprise! Surprise? No surprise.  Its my understanding that if you have an NVIDIA card this game play s fine.  If you have AMD it WILL CRASH! Not it might.  It WILL.  Ive paid half for 3x the content.  I had a longer rant but not worth my time."
76561198187489387,Not Recommended,234630,15755629,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jengle_man,"I feel robbed!!Honesty this is not a simulation game at all. it's so arcade like it's not funny, cars just float along with no feeling of being connected to the road minus a few tiny vibrations when you hit an apex.The frame rate is patheticly unplayable on and AMD componentsI want a refund."
,Recommended,234630,16140700,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dacia Sandero,"I'll share my somewhat unique experience with this game, although perhaps not exactly a game review.  Shortly before purchasing Project Cars I became a fan of the show Top Gear.  Before watching the show, I had no interest in cars whatsoever.  Over the course of a few months and 21 series of Top Gear I developed a taste for cars and was learning the basics of racing terminology and mechanics.Top Gear introduced me to the idea of track days.  I researched them and found at there are events every weekend where I live in Southern California.  I signed up for one at random and starting researching the track.  Shortly, I realized I had signed up to go to Willow Springs, which of course is in Project Cars.  I did over 250 laps in Project Cars on Willow Springs in the classic Ford Escort before I went and did my track day there.  For those interested, I drove my land yacht Kia Amanti at the track haha.Project Cars was an OUTSTANDING preparatory tool for me.  As a novice to track days I was required to attend some short classes before we started and after each session.   The instructors would ask us about the turns, the straights, how our different types of passing were going, and so forth.  I restrained my arrogance verbally but could not help thinking in my head that I was miles ahead of my peers.  The teacher would explain what an apex was and use turn 9 as an example.  And I would listen thinking ""I already know where the apex is on that turn, I also know that the track dips just before the apex, I have decent idea of the speed I can take the corner at thanks to the accuracy of PCars and the similarities of my car to the Ford Escort.  I knew every turn.  Their apexes and exits.  I knew the race line.  I knew where the pits where.  And I also knew my limitations.  I knew the dangers of turn 1 and how likely I was to go off.  I knew that I could stay flat out through turn 2 and that I had to find the apex out of the passenger side window.   My first track was one of the most fun days of my life despite being in a terrible car.  And I have no doubt that my experience was deeply enhanced by my preparation in Project Cars.Only flaw with Project Cars - No Top Gear test track in the game.  Make it a DLC.  Someone make a mod.  Something.  I wanna drive that track soooooooooooooooooo bad.tl:dr Project Cars unquestionably made me very well prepared for my first track day in real life and has helped to further my enthusiasm for cars.  And its fun.  9.9/10"
76561197967203702,Recommended,234630,15748224,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,spike30001,"Great game, not without some problems but it's new and so expected. This is a fantastic game with so much content it's a bargin at full price. I think a wheel its best for any sim but this does work with pads, keyboards and many more im sure. If you love racing I would recommend this to add to your collection. massive single player, great online and you can create your own games with your rules. Ford Escort mk2 round Silverstone and a sierra great fun."
76561198137102756,Not Recommended,234630,15747763,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,mr clarke,"Serious problems with the force feedback in this game. I have spent many hours trying to fine tune this mess. Got somewhere I thought was in my wheel house and ran Laguna Seca to mixed results. Moved on to Watkins and Its all wrong. I play R3, game stock car, iRacing and assetto Corsa. I do not have these issues at all with these games. This has been a wheel setup nightmare!  Its beautiful no doubt but it has to be at least capapble on the track and Im having serious Issues. I wan to recommend this game but I am having serious buyers remorse"
,Recommended,234630,16875056,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BALDGYE,"OK SO I CHANGED MY MIND AND CAME ROUNDThe AI suckThe controller support sucksThe menu's suckThe navigation sucksThe loading sucksBut, it's pretty god damn fun when you’re out on track racing the AI. I've spent far far too much time just doing quick races starting from last and seeing how far I can get after an hour or so. It's brilliant. It has many problems, which should be mentioned beyond the list at the top. The controller support is TERRIBLE if your car has a moment and twitches (which it should a lot) you cannot really correct it in anyway, you just have to over-correct and hope for the best, or spin out and start all over, it sucks. The career mode is terrible and does a horrible job of showing or giving any indication of progress. That said I still had a lot of fun with it and it’s easily the best modern racing game on the market at the moment."
76561198123268018,Recommended,234630,28776755,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Siege,"Graphics, engine sounds and gameplay... great!! Just open a carrier and speed up. I really suggest this game who would like to buy. Lasty I must say buy a good concole for this game because playing with keyboard is not good as concole.."
,Recommended,234630,15744918,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,skinsjar.com cs.money,"Newest version of Project CARS alongside with currently availabe DLC is very different from the 1.0 version, and I can say that the game is gradually improving: framerates are better, developers are working on the car physics (there is a realistic car weight distribution, intertia), tire grip has also changed. Moreover the developers actively support the game searching for interesting content like Audi 90 IMSA GTO or McLaren F1 GTR Longtail and include it to the game. Recommended."
,Not Recommended,234630,15775736,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,pedrohn1,"Well, not that good... It had a great potential to be an amazing game, but apparently the developers wasted the chance"
,Recommended,234630,15773893,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Lex Lagger,"This game suffered a lot with it's start... But, it's finally worth playing.The handling is somewhere between simulation and ""Grand Tourismo""It's far better than games like Forza, Grid, and the like but when it comes to being a simulatorAssetto has it beat.When it comes to being a fun and engaging driving game with physics that are pretty good, and consistent enough to hone real world skills with? This is where it wins.Full support for Occulus and Vive! That's right, full Vive support!You can play Assetto with the Vive but you have to run a hook program off of Oculuss home software to get it to work. This game supports it natively.The career mode in racing games is something I've always enjoyed. Something about working your way through the ranks and being tossed into cars I would never normally pic for myself is fun, presents challange and give a great experience.I play with a Logitech G27 and while my first review was REALLY negative because of the poor support for wheels, and the game forgetting your settings and a list of other issues, they seam to be worked out now and the game plays really well.If you want a sim style racer with a progress system but still the ability to just race any track with any car at any time, then this is for you. If you want a cade style racer look at Grid or the like, full on simulation, with no niceties Assetta (Seriously, non... A menu over haul and propper VR support would push that game up a bit but right now those things drag it down...but that's not this game so enough about that heh.) There is always iRacing but that's a pay to play game, and Simraceway is fantastic as well but I haven't checked in on it in a bit to see if it has VR support.A+ but they did need to go to summer school to get to that grade."
76561197970216799,Recommended,234630,15860942,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mr_belowski,"Over the last couple of months I've really changed my opinion of PCars. The recent patches have moved the game in the right direction and it's definitely starting to show. Kudos to SMS for sticking with it and taking the time (and money) to put things right. Some of the newly added features are cool too (especially the UDP data sent by the consolse).The FFB could still use some work, but set to ""classic"" mode it's not so bad. Performance with AMD graphics cards isn't great but the game can still look really good.The game's improved a lot, and has also really grown on me and I'm glad to say my original bad review is no longer accurate"
,Not Recommended,234630,29840477,Posted: 10 February,all,Diggers1970,When this thing works its excellent .. but the number of times it crashes is ridiculous. I played for 11 hours most of that trying to figure out why it crashed. After trying everything I could find online to fix this issue and everything else I could think of I requested a refund to be told I couldn't have one as I had played it 11 hours. I've owned this for 3 days and spent almost all of my play time trying to get it to work. I also made another refund request explaining what I had done to get it to work .. no dice .. no refund .. broken game .. now I discover this is a long tim known issue .. bad taste in the mouth .. you bet .. great game but buy at own risk .. thanks for the support Steam .. well played not. This only ever happens with software. Fit for purpose just doesn't hold any water in software.
76561198016718319,Not Recommended,234630,29861629,Posted: 11 February,all,O.U.T.,I am a big fan of Grid Series and played Some Gran Tourismo games before. I want to try a more simulation oriented racing game and bought Project Cars with all the DLCs on sale.Keeping car on the track is very frustrating especially for high powered cars. Cars spin very easily on the track even if stability and tracking assists are ON. Also it doesn't feel like a real car reaction to me. For road legal class C & D cars I managed to win races on average difficulty. However for higher powered car classes I could not manage completing a lap without spinning multiple times.I am playing this game with an X-Box controller. That might be the reason for car control issues but I am suspecting that same would have happened if I had a wheel.I am requesting a refund now and wanna try my luck with another race simulation like Assetto Corsa..
76561198142082460,Not Recommended,234630,25694604,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SyNtax,"I spent $170 odd bucks buying this and all the DLC's coz I loved it on PS4. But they haven't optomised the gameplay and physics properly for PC so it just drives spastically. Slightest turn of the steering and you jack knife. And no its not me, as I said, I owned it on PS4 and it drove competely differently. I did really well. It operates like a completely different game on PC."
,Not Recommended,234630,29867412,Posted: 12 February,all,Turkey,"If you've been looking for a racing simulator that isn't iRacing (like me), you'll probably want to keep looking.I had waited over a year for the price of this game to align with what I thought it was worth (based on gameplay videos and reviews), fortunately in one of the sales the GOTY edition was reduced to a decent price (on a side note, the price of the base game in NZ is still frozen at $65.95). What I can say is getting the complete DLC bundle was worth it content-wise: the cars are designed really well and there is a decent variety of classes/disciplines.Aesthetically, this game rates highly. Nice graphics, great looking cars and good looking tracks (if you're not too picky about the lack of licenced sponsors). UI isn't so good (having to restart whenever making graphics changes, no access to any game settings from pause menu).What bothers me about this game is the accuracy of the cars and the AI behaviour. One of my favourite things about racing is endurance races, and I've been looking for a simulator that caters to that. Gran Turismo 4's endurance aspect was excellent for its time; superb car and track accuracy, although limited to 6-car fields and no day/night cycle or dynamic weather. The driving physics of the cars in Project CARS feels quite underdeveloped; the fastest prototype cars top out at 300-310kph, and you'd have to make ridiculously unrealistic setup changes to get them to 340/350 like their real-life counterparts. In addition, the single-player experience feels very unrealistic; AI cars are overly aggressive on corners, and seem to not be subject to any penalties or tyre wear (no matter what the user setting is).I played around with the settings a lot to try and compensate for the downfalls in this game, which says quite a bit about its realism. I will probably continue to play around in race weekend or career mode just to explore the remaining content I've yet to try, and to get a bit more value out of my purchase. If you're a fan of realistic racing simulation with a focus on single-player experience, this game would probably let you down. You're better off waiting for Project CARS 2.TL;DR - Great looking racer, but falls short of Gran Turismo 4 for realism"
,Not Recommended,234630,32811594,Posted: 26 June,all,tsiros,"When the road inclination changes, for example from flat to uphill, there is a step. The road is not modelled properly. Last time i saw this was 1999 Need for Speed. Completely Unacceptable."
76561198397428044,Not Recommended,234630,32838810,Posted: 26 June,all,AquaTurtle,"Ok.... I Had Very High Expectation for this Game, But Then It Turned Around And Took A Massive S**t On Your Face. This Games Looks Better In The Trailer Then it Would Probably After Project Cars 2 would. This Games Lack in What Other Big Name Racing Games Do Have And Have Achived In.Pro's- Game is great, but its little things that make it bad.- Fun In General- No Major Problems- Easy to run on lover end cards. (Got to 270fps with everything cranked at high settings up on a 1080Strix overclocked @ 1750 htz.Con's-  Developers have focused on the lighting and how the car looks ( which is a great thing! ) But have lacked in the minor details of the maps ( Grass, Crowed Seats, Tire Wall, The People(Spectators) Ive seen better detail and Animation in the spectaors in a 2009 Wii Game then This... A 2015 Racing Game... Thats dissapointing.- AI corner-cut the race track through the grass and dont get offenced.- Track looks like the part from Cars Where Lightning Mcqueen Pulls that statue through the roads of Radiator Springs and F**ks it up then repaved it, And it looked like absolute S**t, it looks like that.- Dosent tell you the controls at the beginning of the game.- Wheel support just sucks.- Main Menu Layout is kind of hard to navigate.- If You couldent tell by now, Im saying the graphics in the maps SUCK...I was super hyped for Project Cars 2 but now im worried it will be the same. if you want a good racing game for same price... Do us all a favor and get Forza 6 if you want a racing game ( ive never played asseto corsa ) , Spend the few extra dollars and get the better option(s), now in not a fan boy, but out of all the racing games ive seen, It honestly looks the best. I LOVE cars but this is a dissapointment   3.5/10 ign wouldnt rate again"
,Recommended,234630,34601815,Posted: 30 August,all,Set,.
,Recommended,234630,21265014,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,RAND0M,"Absoloutely amazing, completely worth. Must buy."
,Recommended,234630,21268457,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The College Board,"Amazing game, great graphicsm great handling. No complaints"
76561198101743132,Recommended,234630,21346011,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Breezo,im guessing its a really fun game but it requires a pc with godlike specs
,Recommended,234630,21958441,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[1511] Ramerez,This is an excellent racing simulation game and is very fun for both semi-casual and heavy enthusiasts alike. On the face it's just a hard to master racing game but the more you dig the more customization you find. Very enthralling and a great game with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,234630,22140462,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AL Fajr-i,Still the best graphics racing game ever !!......but that price its killing me !!
,Recommended,234630,22224308,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Moose,The best game for the oculus rift.
76561198063344460,Recommended,234630,22401845,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Henrikali,"This game is so much fun. It is the first driving sim I've ever played, and I can tell this is something I will be doing for a long time. I bough a used Logitech Driving Force GT steering wheel, and it works great with the game. The car selection is awesome. Carts to F1, amazing road cars, GT cars, and classic cars. The tracks are fantastic. I have a lot of fun just doing time trials in various cars to see how I stand up against other people on the Nurburgring Nordschleife. Career mode is a lot of fun, you can start in whatever driving discipline you want, then at the end of the season decide if you want to move up, or stay the same. The AI is really good. I like being able to change their skill level so easily. I can get pole position at AI 70 most of the time now. The tuning options for each vehicle are fantastic. It is definitely difficult to get the hang of tuning, and find good set ups, but there is plenty of help online. Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone who has an interest in driving sims."
76561198007315308,Not Recommended,234630,23080749,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HARPY,"Wonderful graphics. Nice Lighting. Beautifully made cars. But all that glitters is not gold:There are three things that let this otherwise brilliant sim down, and they do so in a way that begins as an irritation and ends with utter frustration.1. There is evidence that the developers have applied an unnecessary and very counter-productive control freakery over the  complete lack of user-adjustments in very key areas. While there are endless user preferences for graphics there are almost NONE regarding sound. I find it extraordinary that a sim of this beauty does not allow me to adjust relative sounds, AT ALL. Balance between ai, crowd, engine, user car, tyre noise, skid noise HAS to be user-oriented. It is no good to say ""we know what is best"" because everyone's sound systems are different and everyone's hearing is different.For me the ai sounds and crowd sounds become excruciatingly annoying. Without actually being there, the visceral aid of tyre scrub and squeel is absolutely vital, however good the force feedback is. Yet SMS have, despite thousands of requests to provide proper sound sliders, ignored these requests. Since those requests were made, well over a year ago, they have issued multiple patches and several addon packs, but they have not listened to an overwhelmingly popular request for sound balance sliders. This simple function cannot possibly be hard to implement.Without these sliders the whole sim for me is ruined. You might think that sound balance is not important, but it is a vital part of what makes a racing sim playable.2. Some cars have decent physics, but the majority of them default to understeer. An example is the otherwise excellent Lotus 25 in the classic pack DLC. They have ruined this car by making it almost impossible to get rid of the inherent understeer. While the L25 is commendably stable in a straight line it is just too easy to drive around bends, even if you set ridiculously loose rear suspension. BTW the power diff is the wrong way round compared to the description, and that brings me conveniently on to the next big issue:3. The user interface and total lack of proper explanations and help are staggeringly inept. The interface is designed like a trendy blog with large on-screen squares and fancy graphics, but none of them give any proper info. You spend an inordinate amount of time clicking back and forth between these glitzy menu items to no avail. The whole interface is counter-intuitive and laborious. Let's give an example of user setups, car setups and control setups. None of these functions have a clear way of saving preferences. One makes adjustments and hopes they stick, but they often do not. There is no menu that says ""save your user file HERE"". There is just a save button, but WHERE is this function saved TO? And how does one recall or load these preferences?The user driver naming, career mode and creation and saving is preposterously confusing and poorly done. I created then deleted several times a new driver / user name but in the pit menu my name is NOT linked to my chosen name but my Steam nickname. Why? I create a career name but it does not appear in the drop down list of drivers, so what is the point of choosing a career name? If I have misunderstood this then I acknowledge it, but why do I have to run through hoops to understand it, or rather not understand it?Now we come to saving car setups. This is as confusing as it is possibly to be. In ""My garage"" there is an option to choose a car and a livery. You can make a car setup here which is odd because you are not on a race track when you do so. How counter-intuitive is that!But if you first go to a quick race and try to save a setup there, in the very place where setups are relevant, you can't, or at least not reliably. There is a save button but it doesn't load later unless you FIRST make a car setup before you actually go to the race/pit menu. You have to go back to the My Garage menu, save a setup there, then edit and save it within the pit menu later. Again I might have misunderstood and there could be ways around it, but I do not see how.Moreover, the setup saving is badly explained and further confusing. There is an option to save to ""ALL"" or to the track you are currently at. But if you try to save to ""ALL"" there appears to be no evidence that it is saved. There is no drop down list of your saves. I find this incredible. It appears that you cannot pick or experiment with several different setups from a pre-saved list. There IS no list! As far as I can see, you can only save one setup per car per track. rFactor, GTL, and even GPL from sixteen years ago had his function!MANUAL======I see a link to a ""digital manual"" and go there. It is NOT a manual! It is a brief explanation of some of the functions, but there is no detail. For example there is no in depth explanation of the many parameters in Force Feedback and nor is there any detailed explanation of any other function. They are broad headings with a terse paragraph or two but no clear guide to every function. How can a developer spend years making a potentially great product and then not bother to write a decent manual? If you buy for example a flight sim addon, there are typically several user help documents, many of them running to hundreds of pages with summaries, details and every single function explained.Conclusion: This could be a wonderful sim. It would be so if the key areas are addressed, and they are a very poor user interface whose slick graphics hide an essentially confusing and clunky user experience, questionable physics which seem to me to be somewhat dumbed down for the sake of games consoles/arcade users and xbox-type controllers, and a complete lack of user control of essential sound balance options."
,Recommended,234630,24072568,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,|Judge| Tycho,"I've only played a few hours of this game, but it's worth noting I bought this to play on the Oculus Rift.  This is one of the coolest experiences I've ever had.  This is SO MUCH FUN in VR!  I've played many many racing games, most of my Racing SIM experience is with Gran Turismo (3, 4, 5, 6).  I've yet to get into the tuning, but speaking specifically to the attention to detail, this game nails it!  This will be one of the first things I'll strap my friends into when they come by the check out VR!"
76561198115359569,Not Recommended,234630,30123350,Posted: 23 February,all,RB26DETT(PAUL),it is such boring game.... get a bit more gas spining around then can't follow up
76561197998143522,Recommended,234630,27974760,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ShadowLID,"Great graphics and very immersive game play in VR, so much so that Im going to make my wife very angry and buy a  $300 steering wheel so that I can drive better! Ahh you know a game is good when you will take hours of nagging just to play it!!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,29159372,Posted: 10 January,all,Isthatyoudave?,"Project cars is a strange bag, I first played the game on my pc with a AMD video card and game ran like an Elephant seal smoking a rizzler. I now have a 1080 and an i7 6700k. In general the game now runs fine apart from these very annoying hitches which can be as long as 2 seconds sometimes. It can happen when crashing into a cone or just before a bend its all a little random and dropping settings does not sort this issue out.Also I have a g290 wheel which the game is suposed to support. It has the wheel in its menus with a lovely big picture of the wheel itself, so there is no doubt that the game supports it. Problem is the Force feedback is all over the place.It feels like the FFB is reveresed somehow as it actually turns itself violently and can judder even when the car is at a stand still. After a crash, when the damage is set on full and real, the ffb will make the wheel go off at an angle. This seems to then be saved like that somehow even after exiting that race and starting another even with a different car.I have every other racing game working with the wheel even games that don't directly support it, yet project cars that does support it, has me wrestling a pig every time I try and play.Their seems to be problems with some of the physics with various cars still simply just not acting correctly and maybe this also has a knock on effect for the FFB.Standing still at the start of the race the ffb will go full lock itself in either direction if you turn the wheel slightly. Something is just broken with the FFB.I have a feeling if there was a reverse FFB setting in the game like other games have I am sure it would sort out the issues. Another game I have which has a reverse FFB setting gives the same effect that project cars displays when changing this setting. Even if they could put it in a ini file for now i believe it would help greatly.The game itself has so many ffb settings not only as a global group but then also each car has to be tweaked. Many of the settings will be meaningless to many people and even those who have tweaked them still change their minds to what settings to use. They need simplifying and given real world names so people can understand what they do. Only half the settings actually have in game explanations you have to guess the rest.I have a feeling many people have settled on settings and still dont realise that the ffb could actually be reveresd and not working correctly.Due to the freezes and the ffb issues I can't give the game a good review. Any game that hitches or stutters is bad but more so when it is a racing game. If it freezes just before a bend you have had it and will crash the car as soon as it  unfreezes itself."
76561198002190822,Recommended,234630,20334934,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,gfullerton,"The developers of Project Cars have nailed the driving experience to perfection.  The cars and tracks look fantastic, the graphics are superb and the user interface is intuitive.  Replaying your best performances is a joy.  There are some superb racing simulators on the market, e.g Assetto Corsa but Project Cars just pips it by a head.  I haven't played Dirt Rally but the review feedback looks very promising.  But if you are after a track bonanza then look no further than Project Cars. WELL DONE SLIGHTLY MAD STUDIO's for this game.Purchase 20 games on STEAM this month and this is at the top of the list for replayability and sheer fun.  Witcher 3 and GTA5 are taking a back seat to this game."
,Recommended,234630,23291429,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Stabs,"Really good game,I highly recomment it if you love cars and car simulators.Very realistic and amazing  graphics!I own this game for almost a year and I have not stopped enjoying it.I wish it had more free cars.There 50 free (really cool most of them) but you can buy dlcs for more cars if you like(I have bought some of them and it's worth the money).There are a lot of race tracks!At the beginning you might find it hard to drive your car(especially if you turn all the assists off, like I did), but don't get disapointed you will get used to it and you will really enjoy it! It's a sim this is how it is supposed to be!!I am using a xbox 360 controller and it feels ok with me,but I think a gaming steering will be perfect for this game!The best part is you can use a vr to play this game!Gaming steering wheel and vr with this game is going to be awesome.For me this is the perfect vr game!My rating is 9.0/10 !"
,Recommended,234630,22157222,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[Woody5728],"A really good game with lots of variety than other racing game out there, especially the Le Mans Prototype cars."
,Not Recommended,234630,29808503,Posted: 9 February,all,TarantinQuentino,"OK, first of all, like so many people written before, I really wanted to like this game. It has great tracks like Azure Coast and Cali Highway. I am a man who likes to select a GT car and drive slowly while enjoying landscape at these beautiful roads. Graphics are beatiful, everything about it; rain drops, sea, environment... Sounds are OK, nothing about them is unacceptable.But, here comes the but, after every possible fix (including the biggest one, Jack Spade FFB Tweaker) this game is not any better than Shift 2 when it comes to feeling of FFB and physics, if not worse. Firstly, FFB feel was better at Shift 2; this one just skips and jitters, there is nothing good about it and it's complicated as hell. If you do some serious googling and studying about it, you probably can make FFB bearable. But Shift 2 was better OTB when it comes to FFB feel.That game had some physics problems, especially when it comes to oversteering. Nothing has changed, everything is same here. Physics engine is just not working. It might be acceptable with FWD and AWD cars like Megane, A1 and A8, but that's about it.I really never wanted to say this but just go with Assetto Corsa instead."
76561198041703411,Recommended,234630,22457176,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DDHHGGOOWW,amazing game little expencive but 100% worth is it looks beautiful no matter what graphic settings you have it on
,Recommended,234630,23235245,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Lenze,"Very nice game !Nice physics, awesome graphics and a nice collection of tracks and cars.Getting better and better for every update, and the online experience is great !"
,Recommended,234630,29809093,Posted: 9 February,all,UncappingBadger,"G29 USERS READ THIS!!! I bought a G29 a few months ago as a birthday present to myself. Never been really any good at racing games (still not) and the purchase was for use with the Euro Truck & American Truck series by SCS. However, recently i've felt the need for speed and decided to take the plunge with Project Cars.Worked with my G29 straight away after I told it which control scheme I wanted and it does utilise full the 900 degree turn that the wheel has AS STANDARD meaning no fiddling.I bought the game with all the DLC included as it was on sale for a reasonable price so I can't comment on what the base game has, however with all the DLC you will be entertained for hours. I know, at the time of this review my hours played will be low but I see myself playing this game a lot more now and in the future.My only gripe is for any graphical changes you need to restart your game. Thats annoying.9/10"
,Recommended,234630,26720248,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AlfredoNB,One of the best racing simulators in the market. It's like beeing in a race car. Definitely worth it.
76561198271833601,Recommended,234630,23213628,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sith_Lord_Mara,"For starters the game is very fun, and it looks gorgeous. I don't regret choosing it for my first PC racing game. In career mode I will say though that Kart One racing is VERY frustrating. The handling of the kart is just... stupid. Super Kart (the next tier) is much better, though it can feel unstable at high speeds. Rookie Formula is where things get pretty good. Throughout the game, the AI can be... a little inconsiderate. The moment I go off the track and into the grass, it's as if I'm not there to them. You can imagine what happens when I try to merge back onto the track. At the moment there are a couple bugs, one being that the racing guide line doesn't display the color green sometimes and only displays yellow and red. This can be a pain if I'm new to a track and don't have an idea of proper speed in certain spots yet. This is a rare bug mind you. I also think the game has an oversight in fuel load calculations. A max fuel load in Formula A (only time I noticed it) didn't provide me enough fuel to run a full length race, and in Formula A refueling during the race isn't available. Either I did something wrong with my tuning setup or it's an oversight and needs to be fixed, otherwise I'm stuck running 50% length races. All in all, the game is great. Lots of pros to outweight the few cons. If you have a racing wheel or plan on getting one, you should consider getting this game. It's a good deal for the price."
,Recommended,234630,21344515,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,eVoLuTiOn^^,"I love the game I really do but the multiplayer mode is so bad, just practice sessions all the time and not much admin rights to control what is going on, you cant sort the multiplayer section by players or tracks either which is odd,.... they managed to create plenty of DLC though,... £40 for the game then they want me to buy loads more cars and tracks when lets be fair, compared to over a 1000 cars in GT6 we get 60ish and expected to pay between £2-5 for 3 more at a time is a bit of a joke.This game could be so much more but they appear to be going down the lets just take our customers money and run route, rather than complete this game to a full working standard work on a second game is underway.Remember when companys just finished a game before selling it...you will enjoy the game but there are some very annoying points that will crop up before long, buy it by all means just dont expect much variation of cars or multiplayer modes."
,Recommended,234630,29812150,Posted: 9 February,all,Emma MeeMee,"This game is dank asflogged around 240 hours on console on this game, got it on pc however the playablitlity has worn off slightly now.of course there are problems, you could be driving normal take a corner slow but still spin out, idk wtf is going on there.however the graphics are still great even to now and it's almost 2 years old. the slection of cars are amazing, of course it would be great if they didnt charge money for the extra ""DLC"" carsCan't wait for project cars 2 like"
,Recommended,234630,21266266,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Phaze,Chose this over Assetto Corso. Multiplayer makes for some very intense and exhausting matches.+ for tuning+ sound ( I made a video about the best in the game )+ DLC every month with 1 free car
76561198081492559,Recommended,234630,22154231,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ninão,Will Buy Again 10/10 :D
,Recommended,234630,33130778,Posted: 2 July,all,AsY,Nice game
76561198059306198,Not Recommended,234630,33143093,Posted: 2 July,all,SteveO,"Pros- Nice looking game- Nice car selection- Tons of customization options (to be expected in a racing sim) which allow you to tweak and manage many aspects of your ride in a race- Great weather effects which make races dynamic, and having to adjust your driving style while you play to account for the changes in road conditions.Cons- Career mode is dry and boring, despite it being a single player experience, it feels like it lacks any sort of narrative at all. Nothing really feels important to you, its basically just read this message, and that one, and that one, practice, qualify, race, (Track 1) practice, qualify, race, (Track 2) practice, qualify race, (Track 3) practice, qualify, race  theres nothing to DRIVE for. (See what i did there). But seriously, i enjoy racing games both Arcade and Sim style racers. But this game lacks any sort of actual fun.- Multiplayer is empty, and when its not most of the people race like they're playing need for speed. Which is really reeeaaaallly annoying in a RACING SIM.- Solo mode is solo mode, i mean you just race incompetent AI, to pad stats in your driver profile to compare them with a ton of other players who dont really care about them either.- Lastly theres time trials and practice you can do, to improve your driving level, shave seconds off your lap times, and better your cornering techniques, for when your playing the boring career mode, or when your online where theyre going to go into the side of you at 150+, basically making all that time you spend practicing anything, completely pointless really.Save your 10 to 40 or whatever it cost in your region dollars this game goes for, and put the money into gas and a cup of coffee for yourself. Respond to a few emails while you sip on your coffee and youve basically re created a better version of project cars in real life."
,Recommended,234630,21374906,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,notbenh,"Cheaper and safer than actual trackdays, but not as fun. Great thru the offseason."
76561198273961457,Recommended,234630,22096339,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,VFX Pro,"I have played racing games for 30 years.  I recently invested in a Stage IV SimExperience Racing Simulator. wiht an Accuforce wheel and SimCommander4, all from the same company.This game makes the simulator really shine.  The physics feedback on  the simular are mind blowing.  This game is simply the best looking racing simulatino game EVER!!  I have a 2-way Nvidia 1080 powering 3x ultra wide monitors at 10K, and I'm just blown away at the details and the quality of the shaders.  The force feedback and audio are top notch.Small wishes...1.  The multiplayer mode suffers from small freeze when people join/leave the race. (quiters)2. Don't allow anyone to jump the green light (cheaters)"
76561198099660317,Recommended,234630,22237183,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,romullus,Playing this game from begining of 2012. Still love it!
76561198067100016,Recommended,234630,22250049,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lord Sockeye,sweet as hell
,Not Recommended,234630,28955431,Posted: 2 January,all,mjshipley2013,"Good game, however theres one thing that annoys the hell out of me and thats the cut track penalty you get even when your knocked off the track by the AI or other players... its a problem thats been there for awhile from my research on the issue so I don't expect it to be sorted anytime soon or ever..... but if you can look past that then its a great game."
76561198077321669,Recommended,234630,33241489,Posted: 4 July,all,NinjaAssasin,"Definitely worth the money on sale.10/10 would recommend to sim racers if you have a proper wheel.It has its pros and cons next to Assetto Corsa, but personally I like Project CARS more.Mainly because of the force feed back and the emersive feel when playing it, and yes the oversteer is a challenge to control but it quickly becomes natural to correct it."
,Recommended,234630,27751844,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LaserRazer,Good game but no ferrari and Lamborghini
,Not Recommended,234630,28702162,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cavia,"Would love to play the game, but the VR is eternally bugged and that's the only reason I bought it. All models bug out and I've been troubleshooting for hours. It may be a good game on its own, but if you're looking for VR then look elsewhere."
76561198136231377,Not Recommended,234630,30600191,Posted: 18 March,all,1NS4N1TY_CH3CK,"The game is rounded off very poorly.  Graphics are good. Some times the physics go haywire.  It's the menu system that is insanelyt frustrating.  The online lobby is horrible.  It has no filters.  You need to join the server to find out what the server rules are, what sessions are being run etc.  If you actually want to know where in the session the server is then you have to join the game.  Controller configuration is very frustrating, no help in the game's menus."
76561198015038506,Not Recommended,234630,33151903,Posted: 2 July,all,humanultra,"what can i say cannot launch the game optional parameters ""-novr"" i was using this game yeaterday had to reistall a this is what i get game not worth it."
76561197974892231,Recommended,234630,34717989,Posted: 3 September,all,Russ739,"awsome game for pedals + wheel, gamepads, and VR or monitor, just such a good simulator, if u like forza or GT you will love this game. 5 star from me, counting the days down till the sequel is released!"
,Not Recommended,234630,28934376,Posted: 2 January,all,Bryon.S,absoulty sucked.. says its still running on my pc ( and its not ) now i cant delete this damn game or do anything with it
,Not Recommended,234630,23337927,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DJ_Artyom,"I loved forza as a kid, But this, even from the start i knew my money had sliped out of my♥♥♥♥♥and in to lazy development that cant see the reality about race sims. They can be great but man, what a let down, kinda like your dog dies but the dog is  money."
76561198057558939,Recommended,234630,18190549,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,mbell1215,"Very good game. The graphics are top notch, the realism is great. From highly detailed cars and tracks, to ever changing weather conditions, this game delivers a very photorealistic racing expeirence that is very enjoyable. While this game might lack a huge catalog of cars and tracks, the effort put into the cars and tracks that you do get makes up for it. The AI is decent, but has some flaws, they are notorious for trying to ram you off the track. Overall I really enjoy the game."
76561197972430972,Recommended,234630,19587426,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TeknoBug,Great sim racing game but comes with a few bugs which are being ironed out (at a slow pace) and the fact that you have to figure out or look up on the internet on adjusting the settings if you're going to be using a gamepad like the Xbox 360 or One controller.  Downside is that almost one plays online.
76561198057180807,Not Recommended,234630,15744446,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Grey.Nightshade,"Well, here we go with my initial impressions and I'm not going to sugar coat it.The good:  Awesome selection of cars and tracks + an extensive career mode.  The visuals and sound is also brilliant.  Very nice damage model.The less than good:  The physics doesnt feel right for something that is supposed to be more sim orientated that an arcade game.  Dont get me wrong, this is no need for speed but somehow it feels like its not entirely there.  I have more fear of corners in GRID than in Project cars.  It just takes so much to unsettle a car but when that happens you have no idea that you are on the edge until you loose it and correcting the car is impossible as it feels like you are skidding on ice.  Getting  the force feedback on my wheel (G27) dialed in properly was an absolute nightmare and still it is severely lacking.The lack of proper feedback through the wheel is terrible and it robs you of so much.  This is probably my single biggest issue as it makes it very difficult to figure out how close you are taking the car to the edge.In Assetto Corsa I can feel so much more via the wheel and that title really lets you know what is happening with the car.  I am hoping that I will be able to work around this when I have Simvibe set up...but ultimately some fixingfrom the developer would be required.Performance wise, this is definitely a title that can bring your rig to its knees.  I run an i72600K (4.4Ghz), 16GB RAM and a GTX980 SLI setup and had to fiddle to get it to feel smooth (even at a framerate of above 100fps there seems to be lag with all settings on max).  Dropping the motion blur as well as the AA settings, fixed this quite nicely and the game is definitely not much worse off eye candy wise.My verdict at this point is that there is still a lot of work to be done and some refinement is needed.  If you are looking for the best looking racing ""sim"" around, this is it.To those of you who are used to Assetto Corsa, note that this will probably not draw you away from your AC fix, even when Kunos does an update and breaks stuff.  Project Cars is beautiful but does not rival AC for feel or realism.Update (2015/06/30):  After spendig quite some time with this, I can honestly say that this game is sh*t.  It looks great but the physics and AI suck.  Cars dont get unsettled when you try to do so but the handling goes for a ball of cr@p FOR NO APPARENT REASON!!!  AI is dumb as SH!T as well.  especially in wet races.  So if you fancy a demolition derby game, this will knock your socks off.  Unless they fix the issues properly regarding the FFB and physics I will most likely end up not playing it anymore...  Simvibe helps with adding some feedback but you can only do so much with a flawed physics engine, dumbass AI and poor FFB.THIS IS RUBBISH...GIVE IT A PASS.  DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!!As of Patch 9.0:The game has improved somewhat although the issues with FFB, AI and physics still persist.  SMS seem to be fixing some things with every patch but glaring omissions like triple screen support has been dropped altogether with focus being more on DLC.  Said DLC for the most part is not bad but it would be nice if the core issues with the game were fixed in full.Unfortunately the physics and handling of the cars still feels somewhat suspect.Fps also seems to be inconsistent.  When i fire it up, it may run at 52fps or double that.  Seems like the luck of the draw.I keep hoping that PCars will become what it said on the box...  Sadly 9 patches down it still does not exactly cut it and with PCars2 on its way, i wonder if there will be another 9 patches deployed to fix things before no 2 is all the rage and this one is left by the wayside.Needless to say I will most likely not support SMS in their new endeavors.PCars is no longer a flaming ball of crap...but a smoldering ball of crap is not a much better experience in the end.  It still stinks, just not as bad."
,Recommended,234630,16328924,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cnstudio2003,"Great racing sim game, but original force feedback (FFB) are too real accurate,need other tweaker files like Jack Spade etc. to make it more entertainment and more detail feeling from road, tire and car's status (G-force)...But it still a very great sim racing game, must buy!"
76561198183984418,Recommended,234630,18421394,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,PTXFAN1,"This game is an excellent racing simulator.  I definitely recommend it.  The graphics are absolutely stunning.  However, if you like racing games like Forza where you can upgrade various parts of your cars, and where you can buy the cars you use in ""Career"" mode, this may not be the game for you.  I really did like that part of Forza, and Project CARS doesn't have it.  It is, regardless, an excellent game."
76561198003766067,Recommended,234630,18452006,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,CaptainGoodvibes,yep its sweet
76561198050137963,Recommended,234630,19548857,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,polsch,"Superb semi-simulator, or realistic racing game, with very good visuals, and with physics only slightly inferior to ""proper"" sims like rFactor 2, iRacing, Assetto Corsa, GSCE and the updated R3E."
,Recommended,234630,17886664,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dnx3,"This game is currently the best PC Racing simulation available that doesn't require the player to be an actual profesional driver to get any real enjoyment out of it.Pros- Fantastic visuals- Great driving model, that can be customized to be either accessible (while retaining most of its simulation aspects) or very realistic- Tons of tracks to drive on, way more than in other similar games- Lots of cars to drive, all of which feel very different- While a steering wheel is the way to go for a game like this, it's also surprisingly playable with a standard gamepad.- Frequent updatesCons- Fairly buggy game, particularly when it comes to racing rules- Requires a very powerful computer to get good performance. Runs particularly poorly on AMD video cards."
,Recommended,234630,18440514,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mero,"Exceptional game.  Heavy graphics so make sure your computer can handle it.  I also recommend a steering wheel or a Logitech gamepad.  Seems obvious, but I feel like I should just point that out.  Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,234630,19772428,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,russ810,"Great fun game. I've played serious racing games for over 20 years, and the realism and physics in this game is great. Multiple player still needs some work, but it shows promise. Will definutely play this with my mates in future."
76561198024995316,Recommended,234630,22932418,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,klaus.engel,Amazing on the Vive!
76561198018464957,Recommended,234630,22967283,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,kinakuta,Works great with the Vive!
76561198103814479,Recommended,234630,18417750,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,gary.hensley,"Nice game...except for the AI and Force Feedback.Force feedback, out of the box (T500RS wheel) feels like just spring mostly.  Some cars you can't feel the car at all.  And the road (bumps and kerbs) are not very much.The AI are bad.  I mean the AI REALLY REALLY SUCK!  Haven't been able to finish a race because the AI drive right through me on the corners.  Watching the replay they don't even react util a split second before the hit me.  If they have a car in front of them (you or AI) they will dive bomb the corner and fly off the opposite side of the track.  I've had them go 3 wide into a corner with me...with all 3 of us sliding off the track.  They just don't drive a corner right, even by themselves.  Last moment braking, sliding thru the corner, no exit speed.  It's so easy to pass them...but beware the next corner because you will be taken out if you don't have at least a 1 second lead.I race offline for fun so I race AI all the time.  Game Stock Car Edition has great AI.  A/C lesser so.  But these AI are the worst for a newer game.  The old Simbin games are better, and they were bad to begin with.I still recommend the game, if only for the great graphics, and good car and track selection.  But I wish there was a undecided option."
76561198127330269,Recommended,234630,21148908,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fauves,Awesome game. Great Visuals. FFB a little off but I keep coming back for more
,Recommended,234630,21572627,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Julianos #backbitches,"Despite all the controversy thrown towards this game and SMS I have thouroughly enjoyed my experience with pCARS, thank you to WMD and SMS for all the hard work that's went in to it.In short it's a good sim but not perfect in every way but overall it's a good first step towards something potentially great. I use a wheel and the game feels good physically. it's a sim and no doubt about that. Maybe not as advanced as iRacing or even AC with their laser scanned tracks but it's definitely up there with the best of them. Personally I think pCARS offers more options out the box than any other racing sim out there. From day to night transitions and weather transitions to timed 24 hour races I can't ask for much more. Okay maybe i can but this game is taking steps in the right direction when it comes to what I want to see in a racing sim.The car selection is good if you are in to motorsport but it is mostly european based manufacturers at the time of writing/typing this. Don't expect to see rally or JDM or even your daily driver in this game as it's more than likely not in it, the list is growing and expanding with the release of reasonably priced monthly DLC which will continue on to be base content for pCARS2 though so it's nice to see the list evolving. I'd like to see more American and Asian manufacturers added to the list along with cars from racing series in each region, that being said we are expecting to finally see the C7R finally from March 1st onwards!The cars come track prepared or they are already fully prepared racecars and all fit nicely in to their assigned classes so there is no modifying the cars or adding aero kits etc. in this game, you can however alter the tuning set ups quite extensively which is the most important thing for me.pCARS has a very reasonable track list with enough tracks to keep a good balance of varition, most tracks are real world tracks bar a few which are fictional road courses or tracks such as Cali Highway, Bannochbrae or Sakitto which was the result of a failed licence attempt to obtain Suzuka. Laser scanned tracks are probably this games only downfall as it has none, it would be nice to have the track surfaces accurately represented but this would involve a lot of work and would probably result in less tracks overall. The detail is still good and the artisits have done a great job recreating the tracks but it would be nice to see SMS adding some laser scanned tracks in the future to fully take advantage of the in game physics.The multiplayer is no where near as dialled in as the service iRacing offers and there are always going to be the odd few silly people there to ruin races in open public lobbies but this isn't a subcription service, there are good racers online though and good races to be had especially if you want to use pCARS to host league races. The multiplayer has been a relatively stable experience for me but I have experienced the odd few random disconnects.I prefer multiplayer racing over solo career racing but i gave it a shot anyway. The career has a good concept behind it but maybe lacking some depth to immerse players in to the role of a race car driver. Also the AI is far too risky and aggressive when it comes to racecraft and track position, it would be good to see an improvement to this in the future as personally this is what put me off the career mode in pCARS. Also the Karts in pCARS don't quite feel right, you can still drive them fine but there's something a bit off about them and i've heard some people say that they're quite difficult to drive with a controller.The Monthly time trial events are fun to keep up with also if time attack type events are your thing, fastest lap wins, simple as that.To close this review i'd just like to say that despite a controversial start, this game has delivered enough to allow it to compete with other sims on the market, it's certainly worth a buy if you want to get in to sim racing or if you're already a sim racer looking for more features to add to your races."
,Recommended,234630,21865656,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jerry,+ Great variation in tracks+ Beautiful graphics+ Authentic driving- Too few cars without DLCs- DLCs
,Recommended,234630,21877835,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,the fail man,"somewhat fun the driveing feeling is that not good but at the same time not that bad, can be playd with a xbox controler not keybord. ai is a joke they are so slow on ""100%, as opposed to difficulty in assetto Corsa in play with 89% -92%whan they fix the ai then it will be better.lots of cars tracks, the rain is okey, dont realy like it thow."
,Recommended,234630,22143550,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,pizatric1st,"Where is Oculus Rift support, I have a CV1 in my lap. WTF I heard I have to buy all the dlc now to get VR support for CV1 or wait. I bought this game fing twice to play 2 player on my lan, so now I gotta buy dlc twice or buy the Oculus Home version this is some major ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!!!!! COME ON PEOPLE"
76561198125870249,Recommended,234630,19101095,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Inkabodpain.2old4forza,"TRIPLE SCREEN ADJUSTMENT ! All good sim racing games (I Racing , Assetto Corsa ) Have proper adjustment tools for correct FOV  without having the side monitors being stretched out."
,Recommended,234630,19688195,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JewishJuggernaut,Very solid racing sim. Not for those who are looking for a need-for-speed alternative.
76561198030410636,Recommended,234630,19969679,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,james_25cameron,"I quite like this game. I play using the Logitech G27 racing wheel and I find that it works very well with Project Cars. The graphics are great and the sounds are as well. The only drawback in my opinion is the car selection. I love racing the GT cars and whatnot but I would love to see a large road car pack to be released, even if it cost a fair bit. I came from Forza 4 which had many road cars and It was a lot of fun to challenge your friends in slower cars, especially the ones you could hope to own, and I think that this aspect would be even better on this game. Overall this game is a huge jump from forza and definitely on the same level if not better than Assetto Corsa."
,Recommended,234630,21118587,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PREY,"For those curious about how the game runs on AMD systems as of 02/10/16My specs: FX-8350 @4.0ghz, R9-290X, 16gb ram, 1080p. Latest AMD drivers installed.In game graphics settings: FXAA=HIGH (no other AA turned on), textures, enviroment, track detail=HIGH. Shadows, particles, grass=MEDIUM. Car detail=ULTRA.Tested for about an hour on only a couple of tracks and weather settings. Seems like those are the main things that affect FPS. With clear weather and daytime it mostly stayed around 60 but then I tried a race with heavy thunderstorms and it stayed around 25-45fps the entire time. Luckily when it does drop frames it's not too jarrring (like an action game would be for example) and is still very playable. Some tracks and weather conditions affect performance more than others and you probably won't have a stable framerate all the time. Because of this problem I don't recommend you buy the game at full price if you're playing on AMD hardware, I got it for 60% off and i'm fairly happy with it. Certainly not the best running game ever but not Arkham Knight either."
76561198006715766,Recommended,234630,21323198,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Brodo Swaggins,"It's ok I guess...For those interested in the multiplayer aspect of the game, see the link below for a screen shot of a typical 1st corner in a public online game...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=533021736"
,Recommended,234630,21559238,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nommb3rs,This game is quite fun!
,Recommended,234630,22182264,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cyrus40K,one of the best oculus rift ready games!
,Not Recommended,234630,24206125,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Eldoro,So much potentiall! But im giving it a no because of the absolutely dumb ai which hinders you from keeping a pace in endurence races and the fact that i probably have spent more time in the menues trying to smoth out the quite frankly bad handeling for the cars...im not sure what it is. And it looks like slightly mad studios isnt planing on fixing anything.
76561198275867079,Not Recommended,234630,29107824,Posted: 7 January,all,Harrydh3,"This is for the graphic hungry controller using console players, if you have a wheel and want nice ffb, STAY AWAY"
76561198135663867,Recommended,234630,19059691,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,smellyhippie,"get a logitech g27 and plant your self in this is a good as it gets, stalls under low speeds beutifaul textures and envrionments best racing game ive played since gran tursimo for playstation car guys seek no further"
76561198059250581,Recommended,234630,19662884,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,IAN-WIGAN-GB,good game but requires skill
76561198012065612,Recommended,234630,20060117,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,my911gt2,"I'm a real track racing fan and I hate having to pay for loads of DLC to make a car payable and not seem like a time loop , Project cars from the basic download is awesome the cars are good and the number of circuits is the best i have seen for a long time, The DLC also looks worth the month with the number of extra tracks and cars for the price.Truely reccomended"
76561198080868534,Not Recommended,234630,20359785,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Vinados,"Tried to connect to 8 online games, everytime I got disconnected. Feels like the developers no longer care about this game. Save your money on something else."
,Recommended,234630,21808611,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,frank007tennant,This has to be one of the best driving games on the PC ever
76561197967249640,Recommended,234630,18373662,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Toasted Victim,"I've Always been hunting for that Forza Fix on Pc.This one has all the candy, and feels like you are driving the cars.Could use more cars tho.But as far as a race fix of throwing a car into a bend this ticks the box."
76561198001184870,Recommended,234630,18446109,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Lemon,"Fun, but there is a lot of kids thinking that's  NFS."
76561198125296950,Recommended,234630,21288528,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dak20458,love this game so real life like. it doesnt get any more real with a racing game. if you love simulation than this is for you. i have this through steam and ps4.
,Recommended,234630,21845266,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,addyelk,"Great game... good selection of cars, great driving dynamics, great audio and great graphics. I have hundreds of hours logged playing gran turismo and many other racing games and so far, this is my favorite. The two things I wish it had are a wider array of production cars so I could drive my own car or something like it and performance upgrades on those cars. Thats one of my favorite parts of gran turismo that this game doesnt have. However, the things this game does, it does well. I bought iRacing and it is a good game but I like this better. I would much rather pay the 1 time price of this game than all the nickle and dime stuff that iRacing pulls. Not to mention this game loads much faster and doesnt have the stupid browser based login. The saddest thing of all, iRacing was released in 2008 where as this game was released in 2015. A 7 year headstart and project cars has already surpassed them in my opinion."
,Recommended,234630,27811038,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SDU_RjackyRogue,"One of the best racing gamePros:Beautiful cars and sceneWeather effect are greatAmazing driving feelingEnable cockpit view tweakVehicles can be adjustedCars are available at the beginningSuitable for new or pro playerCons:Lack of customization(Compare with NFS Shift)Missing Bugatti, Ferrari, Lamborghini and NissanMenu are complicatedNurburgring track is in DLC"
76561198057891441,Not Recommended,234630,20709790,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,WizardOfNowhere,"So, Project Cars. This is my first steam review ever so pardon me if it's not that helpfulI bought this game in the Steam sale, and let me tell ya, it's fun. When you start.The game feels... weird. When you start out, with the go-karts, the game is great. Superkarts was great fun for me and i was getting progessively better as I learned what everything does and learned how to tune, what to tune and why.At this point I was having a lot of fun with the game, but as the game progressed, as tracks got more complex, you could start to see the cracks show up with bumps in the road that literally sent the car flying, AI cutting corners like it's nothing (and not getting punished by it), crashing into you when you're CLEARLY not doing anything wrong (following a racing line, and doing everything perfect), etc.When I left karting, I left this game. I played a couple of seasons of Karts, and won the second one when I already knew the tracks and was used to the car. I moved forward, only to see that the cracks that were simply annoying in Karting were gigantic and horrible in other disciplines. From being unable to heat up your wheels, to the AI straight up ramming you, to the AI not being affected by tyre wear or weather conditions, to tracks being bumpy where they're not supposed to, and oh so many more issues.I'll admit, I had my fun with the game. Karting was extremely fun and challenging and I was playing in the hardest difficulty and winning but not by too much. But then the cracks start to show and things start to get weird and you just get frustrated with the game and stop playing it.If you can get this game for less than 20 of your currency (dollars, euros, pounds), it is worth some 20h of playtime and you can judge yourself if that's worth it for you or not. But for the full price, the game is not worth it as you will not put enough hours into it to make it ""cheap"" so to say. Unless you wanna be a kart racer for the rest of your life."
76561198175214930,Recommended,234630,21887372,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rainbowsprnkls,"I really enjoy the game, but I will say some goal oriented challenges would be cool.  Otherwise, the game is beautiful and the game play is just as stunning."
,Recommended,234630,22801176,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,BeamNg Pro,"Игра на высоте, одна из самых лучших симуляторов гонок, имея руль G27 Logitech, вы погрузитесь в атмосферу настоящих гонок. Графика 10/10, физика 8/10(думал что норм подрифтую, но не. Так же при столкновении, машины бьются не реалистично 7/10+если сильно врезаться в ограждение то машина начинает непонятно вертеться 7/10 , но всё вытягивает физика вождения 10/10), Звук 10/10 ( он просто божественный, если едешь ,к примеру, на порше, то так и хочется газку дать чтобы насладиться практичестки живым звуком мотора 10/10), Гемплей 9/10, ИИ 9/10, Вобщем если есть норм руль, то берите, не пожалеете.                                                   BeamngPro..."
76561198192647619,Not Recommended,234630,29801563,Posted: 9 February,all,Mrwhooper,"This game definetly has some perks, but i can't reccomend it, it has 0 customazation whatsoever, which i always thought was 50% of the fun in Forza or any other racing sim. the only cool thing about this is the contracts, and team sign ons, thats pretty cool, but you dont make moeny at all, so its kind of pointless, its not like any specific team is better than another, theyre jsut random names. when you sign on, it will give you a brief description on what kind of races youll be in. for example, the junior gt40, what does that even mean? lol sounds to me like go kart racing, which they do ahve BTW.Pros:team sign onrealistic driving (somewhat)game runs smoothlythere is a qualifying roundCons:no customizationno currencytuning is not in depthcant chane tuning units (wtf does 1.8 bar mean?, how about some PSI here?)game seems more like work than actually fun, i would place 20th in the qualifying, but first in the race? i guess...game is difficult to navigateyou have no idea what your getting into when you sign the contractevery race all the vehicles are the same (i guess not bad for some, but i prefer vareity)if you like Forza or Gran Turismo, DO NOT BUY THIS you will be dissappointed"
76561198042462371,Not Recommended,234630,29879346,Posted: 12 February,all,eckarts,"It looks intresting, but setup is very difficult.  I was unable to use my Logitech joystick with it.  I was unable to calibrate it to turn.  This sounded like fun, but I quickly lost interest."
,Not Recommended,234630,20133047,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stylezwest,I refunded my money after 1.4hour of struggling to get my wheel settings right.The game is nothing like Gran turismo and the tire pressure is very fake a long with the suspension system.Very plenty race courses and very detailed graphics. Just gameplay is not really there when it comes to racing imo.And yes... I compare every racing game to Gran turismo 5/6
76561197965319357,Not Recommended,234630,20363349,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sicks,"Crap. It's not ported to PC. If you don't have an Xbox controller, don't waste your time. Even when I went to reset the buttons, it only showed an xbox controller and no keyboard. WTF? How am I supposed to remap the controls. GARBAGE."
,Recommended,234630,21206531,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Call Me Jerry,it's good.
76561198144003305,Recommended,234630,21603935,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Wesley1041,"Overall, this is a good game.I'm a wheel user, I have only played this game once on a pad.Online is pretty solid, way better than it was at first launch. You can have competitive races if you find the right lobby. But most of the time, be aware that there are always 1 or 2 noobs who take people out (in a 20 people lobby). Another downside is that there's no proper penalty system, though you get slow-down penalties for exceeding track limits, you can get away with ramming most of the time. Sometimes you can get DSQ'd for ramming.Offline is decent as well. You have a massive amount of tracks and weather options. You can adjust a lot of things in solo races. The downside is that especially on higher AI difficulty, the AI can be over-aggressive and sometimes squeeze you off, try a stupid divebomb on you, exceed track limits and get away with it.The graphics are really good, even on low, they are still decent. The physics are very realistic. The sounds are very good as well, but some cars appear to have the same car sounds so that's slightly lazy from the devs. A small problem is that this game can be too realistic and can be really hard without assists, especially on a pad or keyboard.There are still a few minor bugs here and there, but frequent patches keep improving the game.So I recommend this game for league/sim-racers, but not that much for people who aren't sim-racers and don't like aggressive AI too much.Overall rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,234630,22984415,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Smaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaraaaaaaaaaf,"I already loved this game, because for me it's an almost perfect arcade/sim blend. That's all realy up to personal preference though. What isn't, is that Project CARS looks great.The latest update added VR support. I've played several races with my Vive now, and after I finish this review I plan on jumping back in, and not leaving the cockpit for a long while. The immersion is great, and it runs perfectly fine on my FX-8350, 8GB of whatever DDR3 was cheap, and R9 Fury.Now back to crashing."
,Recommended,234630,24176475,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,goyoelburro2,"I play this game on my HTC Vive and I have to say it's what I spend most of my time on.  Superb VR support, combined with a half decent racing wheel, and you really freaking feel like you are in a racecar (or racecart).  Hours upon hours of intense fun and the best game out right now if you have the above equipment."
,Recommended,234630,24168140,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,vikoalucard,"Exceptional. Sharp handling, and VR mode makes this quite unique now"
76561198118049704,Not Recommended,234630,32733300,Posted: 24 June,all,PledgeBigMike,"First few hours were fun till I realized how little content there actually is in this game. There are maybe 30 cars in total w/o DLC, which is pathetic. The driving mechanics are solid and it plays very much like Forza, which is the only positive thing I can say about this game. But this did not stop me from refunding Project Cars, as there is no customization at all, very little content, stupid easy AI that you can just breeze past in races (they all also have a set driving path and if you go into their path, they will just ram into you as if you arnt there rather than just try to avoid you). If you're looking for a solid racing game, skip this and look for other, better options out there."
76561198093512886,Not Recommended,234630,32847007,Posted: 27 June,all,Wood You Kindly?,"Pros- Great graphics, sounds, and a good variety of settings for everything you would want.Cons- Inconsistent driving physics with game breaking freezes at random points during races. Very glitchy/twitchy driving with G29 w/ shifter. Gameplay was not enjoyable for my taste, felt more like a chore.Pretty much just a polished NFS Shift clone turd."
,Recommended,234630,23859215,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,$carecrow 切腹,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,234630,15799965,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,discombobulated1,worked fine at launch but after 1st update all went wrong no FFB on the wheel (g27) ive played about with allsorts spent many hours tryin to sort it but once you sort 1 thing out somthing else wont work then .
76561198014937554,Not Recommended,234630,29314851,Posted: 17 January,all,Robo Hobo,Support has ended and VR was never fixed.
,Recommended,234630,15912087,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Athellar,"The most remarkable racing game since... Ever. It's got its flaws (just read the reviews), but they're easily offset by how amazing the experience is. Also, you need a wheel. Like, seriously."
,Recommended,234630,16325574,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Isaac NOOTON,"Do not even think about playing this game, if you don't have a controller/wheel connected to your pc.Beautiful graphics, nice gameplay. Go Karts are AWESOME! It have the things you look for in a racing game. However, there are very few cars, and no customization/bodykits/vinyls etc. It is very good. But not as great as Forza Motorsport."
,Recommended,234630,15974143,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Clem Fandango,"I have an r7 200 series and I haven't had any issues with the game.  Playing on a Thrustmaster F430 FFB.  I've heard all the hubub about AMD video cards not working so I was nervous, but I'm playing on the recommended settings and haven't experienced any problems or crashes whatsoever.  I've played through one season of shift karts and it's a blast so far."
,Recommended,234630,15983297,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MispelledRebel,"I have been playing games such as Forza both Motorsport and Horizon, Need For Speed, Grand Torismo, Test Drive and the long list goes on. I can happily say that this game feels different from them. While the current racing game market keeps shifting more and more towards the arcade style, Project CARS has delivered a true racing sim. It may have its issues and in my own opinion the physics while in karts is a bit screwy, but overall the game looks, feels, and sounds amazing. The in depth career mode is a great way to actually feel as though there is a point to continue racing by giving you that ability to move up by your own success. Unlike other games were you work though an event list or play a ""career"" were all you do is select a race and a car without any real reason, following a calendar and gaining invitationals again by succeeding in your current league keeps you engaged and gives you that want to just keep on going!"
,Recommended,234630,15993535,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,JeansenVaars,"Running very smooth here on my AMD Setup: R9 280X and FX-8350, stock with 15.4 Beta drivers, with mostly every setting on Ultra (except for shadows on medium, no fxaa, bloom or msaa).Just had a couple Imola driving with a Porsche and so far it looks like a honorable sim racing game, complementary to Assetto Corsa. Heads up for this game. Playing with a G27."
76561198220599340,Recommended,234630,16519170,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Soldier For Christ,"Very realistic and fun for a few hours, but it does becomea bit tedious and repetitve at times. its fun when u get a rare but good matchup in online play, But for the most part u spend hours waiting in ""qualifying"" for other players to join. and when or if someone does they quit out if your settings arent perfect to their likings(like easy- ABS on TCS on ect) so the realism of crashing and recieving damage isnt usually accepted by most. so in a nutshell even though this game has major potential, it lacks that uumph to keep u playing hours on end. and maintaining interest. but overall it is a very satisfying feeling to go from 0-150 in an F1 car while monitoring ur gas tank and gear shifts and throttle control.  I love this game, but can ony handle about 3 hrs. before i feel like moving on.And in a game as realistic as this one, that should not be the case. My rating?  7 out of 10"
,Recommended,234630,15915779,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Wasowsk1,"Very difficult but is very fun, and the detail of the barriers are amazing"
,Recommended,234630,15908043,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,tyVonic,This game is absolutely stunning!
76561197967184359,Recommended,234630,16539223,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Djcarves G27 FTW,"A wheel is a MUST HAVE for this simulator! (THIS IS NOT A GAME)To get the most from this racing title you will want to invest in a steering wheel. I personally recommend the Logitech G27 as it is a complete unit. This means a clutch and stand-alone'H' style shifter are included and are not an add-on purchase like some setups currently available. Plus the stainless steel paddle shifters and rev LED lights are a nice touch.You are able to configure this simulator to your liking, making it as easy or difficult as you like. Still definitely not an arcade racer though. Sorry NFS fanboys!This is the closest thing you can get to the real thing without killing yourself!10 out of 10 Turbo blow offs!!!"
,Recommended,234630,17709329,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,John Wick,"this game is for gamers who like to drive and feel the car,like in life.this game is fully made for the wheel.graphics are the best.physix 11/10.i'm glad i bought this game.it's worth the money u pay for it,but the only disadvantage is low amount of cars."
76561198041946694,Recommended,234630,16584828,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,EliTeAce,Great racing game and very true to life. Old cars handle the way they use to and modern cars of all types handle just the same. A very well put together race game for the pc.
76561197991816198,Recommended,234630,15728976,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Splattered_Cat,"A Review from a player with a G27.So I saw a lot of coverage of this game on gaming sites for a while now, but really wasn't that interested. I am more of an Assetto Corsa player and love that intense realism. I bought this game on a whim really not knowing what to expect, I was just hoping it wasn't going to be like Grid or Dirt, arcade stuff. All I wanted was something mostly realistic with good AI and a fun campaign, as that is lacking in Assetto.The driving is smooth, and pretty comparable to Assetto but a lot easier to get the hang of. The cars don't feel as weighty, but the driving with the settings on Pro is similar enough. This game has nice features like overheating brakes, mechanical failure, pit strategy, damage. All of these feature seem to work and work well. I have driven several  40+ lap races and having little things like a wheel nut lost in pit or random suspension failure are exciting and fun (don't worry it's not often).The AI is intense but good. They are a little stiff but I don't really know how they could be much better. They are fun to race. The one thing that’s troublesome is that when you race the AI you pick the difficulty before the race, which is good. I normally have them at about 80% strength and it’s a tough but good race. I win some, others I am in the pack somewhere. Still sometimes the strength is just horrible on certain maps. 80% will become more like 200% and they will drive the map like the rules of physics don't apply to them. I wish there were a standard for the percents. I don't expect to drive every map well and I don't expect to have to turn the AI down to 30% on one race in a series because they are dirty cheaters.The campaign isn't all that great you don't really get to feel like a race car driver and talk with your engineer, team or anyone. It's good enough though and it's fun to have the events focused and to be the champ in all the classes.One of the things I complained about in my initial review was that the physics from the carts where a bit ridicules. They seemed to fix all the wonky physics. Still on the technical side the game can be a bit…. troublesome. I can't host multiplayer games because sometimes the G27 just won't even work once the map loads in. I had a problem with the grass textures filling my screen nearly every other time I loaded a map. The grass thing was an easy fix, but the wheel problem is one that started with the last patch.Multiplayer is GREAT. It's easy to get in a game or to host one. All the other random players I have played with have been really good people and I have super slow internet (1.5 mbps) and have had no issues with latency.I have to say I'm finding the game really worth the money and it fits into a fun place that is separate from Assetto and other racing simulators I have played. It’s a great game and I really enjoy it. I have suggested tow others to buy it as well and they both love it."
76561198107681236,Recommended,234630,15725690,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hitman Braun,"Great game. Excellent to play. But a bit confusing in the force feed back setups. If anyone has a good in game setup, i would appreciate some help....Just can't get it quite right...."
76561198027103718,Not Recommended,234630,17289280,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Top Shotta,"If you have a AMD gpu do not buy this game, trust me you will thank me in the long run!"
,Recommended,234630,18208234,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bob Mayonnaise,The best racing simulator ever.
,Recommended,234630,18599007,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pacifist,"Ranks right up there with Elite:Dangerous in VR experiences. The latest update(.7) works wonderfully with the Oculus DK2. The depth perception a VR headset can offer will really help you judge those apexes. Looks great on a monitor with the settings jacked.There are a ton of car classes however it comes at the expense of number of cars per class. I favor road cars(FORZA PLEASE COME TO PC) and would have liked to have seen more consumer level options. C'est la vie.The driving itself I only know with the 360 controller. Would love a new wheel but simply don't have the space. Controller racing is fine. A little twitchy at first gotta play with those deadzones.Online community seems scarse but I haven't run into a lot of a-hole drivers, which is nice. Hopefully the game will go on sale more often to help build on that.I recommend."
,Recommended,234630,20942776,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kishshey,"Themost realisticRacing Simulator so far. Best of all, it is contantly evolving. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,234630,17710498,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Fabreeze,"If you're in the market for a racing sim, just get this already. This is one of the top, if not THE top racing sim out right now.Sure, it isn't exactly the ultra-realistic sim that it was hyped up to be but the superb quality of the sounds and graphics make up for it. If I needed more realism, I'd just go out and drive.I use the g27 racing wheel with this and it already has good presets for it so any set-up you have to do for it is just for your preferences.The devs are putting out solid updates as promised which is nice. Few DLCs have come out which are very nice considering they're very cheap.Car selection is very nice. Unfortunately, if you're a JDM fan you'll feel a little left out but so many other great cars are included that it doesn't bother me at all that some of my favorites aren't on here yet.I feel like I remember something being said about one free car per month or something like that, but I don't think any free car updates have come out since the Lykan Hypersport, which was supposed to be the first in the line of free updates. Not really something I'm worried about though.Basically my only complaint is that shifting is very forgiving, I'm not sure if there's an option beyond choosing the most advanced/least assisted play style to fix it. Not fully depressing the clutch and shifting usually has no consequences at all. You can also downshift without rev matching without consequence unless you're just way out of the correct RPM range and you blow your engine.  This is probably the kind of thing that would take a ton of effort to implement just for a tiny improvement anyway.The career portion of the game is pretty fun. I mostly just do free practice/time trial though."
76561198026382135,Recommended,234630,20081580,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,thomaspearce36,"When this game first came out i was so excited about it, until someone i knew played it and sayed its rubbish (that was on xbox one) over the months i have then been thinking long and hard about getting it. So recently i read some reviews on steam, people that would giving it bad reviews were saying the handling is bad, the ai is rubbish and so onSo i thought blow it ill buy it and oh my god is this game good!! Far better than what people are giving it credit for!If you thinking of getting it, GET it!"
76561198017557315,Recommended,234630,20932460,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GTO_Lim,Great game
,Not Recommended,234630,28884769,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nessy,"Feels very limited and issues with the game it self Here is example when you have mechanical failure you just see your car blown your engine, switch to simulate end race or what ever and your car drives again like yeah sure , it should just end the game i would not reccomend thios as the ""Simulation"" part is meh cars are limited and set ups are not that great either"
,Recommended,234630,17747098,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,LiveWire11C[CAV],"This is a great game, seems very realistic to me in general. I especially love the weather and night driving! Great selection of cars and tracks. Devs seem to be very responsive to the community. My favorite racing game so far."
76561198045484257,Recommended,234630,17913346,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Chubacca,"I've played a fair bit on this game, and I can say it's a great racing game. The career is superb, with lots of options to suit your preferences. The online community is okay, lots of clean racers out there that make for great intence battles! The only problem I have so far with this game is the AI, which is just plain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It doesn't follow any rule whatsoever, so prepare to get rammed into at any given time and they will cut corners without losing any grip too. Trying to do the 12hrs Nordschleife is pretty much impossible with the AI's as they currently are, which I guess makes the whole thing even more rewarding if you complete it.. Anyways, this game is still a lot of fun, for beginners to experts, you sure can find the thrill of racing in this game!"
76561198082152361,Recommended,234630,18161334,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Elvizon1,"I recommend this cause in my opinion is the best racing game, just multiplayer has too many kids that can't take a race and ram you all the time, the problem is that the admins seem to not care, and let them ruin the whole experience, so if u play multiplayer is best if you join your friends, or look up on the community who likes to keep it clean."
76561198124841894,Recommended,234630,18353443,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hit_The_Quan,It´s overall a good game 9/10
76561198168406446,Recommended,234630,19047399,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Huhu Hehe Haha,Nice Game
,Recommended,234630,16439177,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SHiFTDi3S3L,"For now, it needs a clearer way of describing proper button mapping. Simplifying the button map process to make it more user friendly. I have a Fanatec Porsche GT2, combined with a CSR Elite pedal set and CSR shifter. I have been trying to set this up for 6 hours now, and it's slowly starting to frustrate me. Sometimes the pedals will respond, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they only half respond. Adjusting pedal sensitivity doesn't tell me what they do, they seem to respond the same. Graphically, it's rather pleasing. The physics are quite good, and a road car responds how I would expect it to as I drive and push the weight around."
76561198207459768,Recommended,234630,18640557,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Santeman,It helps me in real life racing......
,Recommended,234630,18314737,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sakax,"Its a car simulation. Not a fantasy car racing like need 4 speed or Paradise City.Stunning sunsets , gorgeous landscapes. You gonna need to  understood how totune your car to better fit the race’s track and conditions. Really powerful graphic card is mandatory."
76561198121407388,Recommended,234630,29521184,Posted: 27 January,all,Mikey,"This game is beautiful.Game mechancis are magnificent when it comes to the career mode and to even quicl races where the game lets you customise everything. Customising weather, how many cars participate, what kind of cars, how will the weather change throughout the race, difficulty to opponents and to how many laps you have to do. When playing this game in cockpit view is most immersive racing experience I've ever had, even without my VR headset. The graphics are some of the best I've seen in a racing game and the driving feels great.I play with an xbox controller or the wheel so I haven't had any issues with controls as I've heard other people been having with keyboard or other.I totally still play this to date because of how immersive it is and never really get bored with it."
76561198065416730,Recommended,234630,19052522,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,TRG,"pCars is a great racing game. It is not a high level simulator due to the level of AI ineptitude. The multiplayer aspect is its biggest attraction, but the experience is ruined by the AI that fills the rest of the grid. Visually, this game is stunning and I've had a blast playing it, but I'm a simmer at heart and it misses the mark."
,Not Recommended,234630,20155092,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hch2562,pro: This game is hilarious to playcon: the steering sucks and it still needs work. it is not worth 50 dollars.
76561198085226387,Not Recommended,234630,20311443,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sacredpurcorean,"whoever designed this game, hvaen't thought thru keyboard control when its raining.its impossible to drive when its raining with keyboard control. i was winning the race with 20s and rain started and i was spinning in place before i gave up."
,Recommended,234630,22914538,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,kustomworx72,"Plays very well on my system,looks great maxed out so worth every penny! Just to note I also have the PS4 console version and it's a very poor effort,rough looking graphics,crappy frame rates and bugs.The game was made for PC and should of stayed with PC but I guess money talks...."
,Recommended,234630,22960518,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,axessdenyd,"I haven't tried Assetto Corsa yet, but I really like Project CARS.  With a wheel and a Virtual Reality headset, there is no other experience that comes close.If you own a Vive, this is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,234630,24345672,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,JpMalouin,"Project CARs is a realistic real-world racing simulation intended to bring together the most diehard racing fans from accross the world. Project CARS was released in Mid 2015 after a delay in production and has been releasing patches to improve the game ever since. After playing this game through many months of development, I have found the graphics are very appealing to the eye and certainly draw in race enthusiasts to the pleasing graphics of the game. Unfortunately, the asthetics and logic behind the game, especially the artificial intellegence are not quite up to par. After many patches were released in an attempt to increase the efficiency of the artificial intellegence, there was little changed, subsequently resulting in many deficcient release patches. This game is very useable with an easy to manage interface, and an in-depth career mode that will take you from zero to hero. The graphics and user interface of Project CARS are very unique in its class like no other, but is balanced out by an in-efficient artificial intellegence system within the game. The physics engine is for the most part very realistic with a few minor bumps in the road that can surely be fixed in the future. Other bugs include usability issues with the Logitech G27 Racing Wheel. Often times during a race, the will will simply disconnect and you must reboot the game in order to continue gameplay.Positives Qualities:-Pleasing Graphics-Easy To manage User Interface-On Par Physics EngineNegative Qualities:-Below Par Asthetics-Unreliable Artificial Intellegence- Bug And Compatibility Issues Exist Within the GameWhile the graphics and user interface are easy to manage, the main focal point of the game which includes the artificial intellegence and gameplay are not always relaible and are twitchy eight times out of ten. This makes the game discouraging for the user playing it and will surely have many players leaving in no time. I do think Project CARS has potential for the future, but Slightly Mad Studios needs to get Slightly More Mad in order to win over the ratings with this one.Rating: 7/10"
76561198056310758,Not Recommended,234630,30136704,Posted: 24 February,all,JyriK,"Graphics are nice, but that's it."
76561197991800556,Not Recommended,234630,33140288,Posted: 2 July,all,Mayhem,"I didn't play much, and only in VR mode with my Vive, so this review is only about the VR aspect of the game.Even with a GTX 1080 and settings almost to a minimum the game stutters in VR mode, wich makes the experience very unconfortable !In my opinion this game is barely VR compatible."
76561197972867944,Not Recommended,234630,23414839,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,joy (muted),The game renders so badly on the HTC vive I feel like I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,234630,23686083,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Robbow Th£ €R@z¥ B£\g!ÅN,"first this game was awesome( the AI has always been sh/t) but then the developers became hungry for money everything has a price, quite a high price.i now also have assetto corsa: better AI and the dlc's are way cheaper. sorry project cars but im going to play assetto corsa now"
,Not Recommended,234630,23875864,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BEPIS,"A bad selection of cars, poor multiplayer gameplay, dull singleplayer gameplay, and horrid DLC.The game description is misleading: it says the game explores all types of racing. This game only really has 4 types of racing: Formula 1, GT racing, Touring, and Kart racing. Would not reccommend to anyone looking for a Forza-like experience, ITS NOTHING LIKE IT.3/15Would not buy again."
,Not Recommended,234630,23919899,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,(BANGS) BASS wubwub,"In my hype for a forza game, I bought this instead cause I was told it's the closest thing to forza there is...  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!There are no ♥♥♥♥ing cars! How the hell are you gonna make a game called project cars with no ♥♥♥♥ing cars?!? They should have called it project racing...I'm sure it's a great racing game, but the lack of being able to use and customize any car I want really make it ""just another racing sim"" and nothing special at all..."
76561198134075710,Recommended,234630,28721800,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ukgamer101,"A stunningly good racing game. Unforgiving to start with but repays your investment of time. I have a reasonably good pc and visually it is a treat too. Options to adjust length of race, qualifying and practice sessions and also ability to adjust number of opponents and their skill level. Enjoyed trying the different tracks in a variety of vehicles but really enjoying career mode. Over time will probably pick up all the DLC too as this is a keeper (made a start already)."
,Not Recommended,234630,28728571,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Andrius,"- Not realistic clutch. You can change gears without releasing the accelerator = no wear.- Handling. After the Live for Speed or rFactor, this game does not seem realistic to me.+ Graphic.+ Car choice.+ Brake heat effect."
,Not Recommended,234630,29127648,Posted: 8 January,all,Cego em Tiroteio,"Do not buy for VR. 45fps with GTX 1080. Afaik, there's no setting that improves this.* Actually, I think that the constant 45 fps reported in afterburner does not tell the full story. But regardless, in game it's noticeable that Project CARS suffers from low FPS, which is prohibited in VR because of the sickness indution."
76561198037298078,Recommended,234630,16280625,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ZacMof,Project Cars is the definitive racing game on PC
,Recommended,234630,16281001,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Birchy,Once you get the odd steering sorted out (controller settings are available on steam guides) this is a game with great depth and the AI is fantastic. Get online with some friends and it really shines
76561198197282086,Recommended,234630,16298481,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Darthh Yumani,"Really awesome game! I love car games, and this one is by far the best. My only gripe is that there isn't a GTR in the game :/ Maybe in a future dlc there will be!So far I really like how realistic the cars feel, and look. The in helmet view, and cockpit view are the best I've ever seen in a game. I like the progression of the races, and I really feel like I'm part of a racing team, especially with the engineer giving feedback while driving. I find myself really engaged.I was kind of worried the damage simulation in this game wouldn't be that great, but I am glad I was wrong. I did a full flip with my car and totaled it. With an open wheel car, I was surprised that the hood covering the engine, and wheels came out to reveal the glorious guts of the car. As a fan of hardcore car sim games, project cars really delivers!"
,Recommended,234630,16311401,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,AeroMiner,"I wanted something to help me learn certain tracks, as I want to be a racing driver. Here's my review:Pros:Cars drive similar to how they should.Tracks are challenging and make you want to complete them.You actually feel like you are driving the actual car, you can sense the danger and fear.Cons:Some glitches.Can run terribly on some computers.Clearly not totally finished.Cars can be borderline impossible to drive at times.Overall, I give Project CARS an 8.9/10."
76561198071813605,Recommended,234630,16265734,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,drddeleij,"This is a fine race game! The sound is unbelievable! The graphics are great and the realism is very nice, I play with the Logitech G27 and it works fine, very good feedback. I have never played such a fine racegame but for the viewers of this review, i'm not a fulltime gamer but i'm a huge fan of racegames. This is my number 1 favourite!"
,Recommended,234630,16444318,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DTC-Ramitupem,"Great game, awesome graphics. Runs really well on my gaming rig. Tons to do will be playing this for a while i think"
,Recommended,234630,16450912,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ａｃｅｄｉａ #edelkek,nice
76561198049531813,Recommended,234630,16329071,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,PanzerCmdr,Real good sim.
76561198081543320,Recommended,234630,16570561,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,That Joe Guy,"It is what it is . if you like arcade style , wall riding and smashing into other cars because your too lazy to brake then ""Need For Speed"" is for you , if you like a bit of competition and somewhat realistic expirence then project cars is for you.Not going to lie it does take a while to get use to . its definatly not like your average racing game like forza etc...8.5/10The sound is amazing and the graphics are next level for racing games. Ultra is a must for ulitimate expirence.downside - needs more cars"
,Recommended,234630,15759297,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mindsignals,"I am a gamer...I suck at gaming, but love it nonetheless.  I loved Asetto Corsa.  Then I got PCars and holy crap!  I can't really quantify how it's different, but it is...and significantly at that!  I am using a PS4 controller on the PC and the feel of the controls just blows away any other driving experience I've had on the PC!  It just feels so right.  I've definitely found my driving game of choice at long last!"
76561197966110513,Recommended,234630,16533395,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Static,Simpley Solid!
76561198079535853,Recommended,234630,16449017,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BRAVO30626,Most Realistic Racing Simulator that ive ever played!!
76561198128986909,Recommended,234630,16517531,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bakamonkey fun,"I love the game and the bugs are slowly getting fixed I just wish it had more real world tracks. I made a list of 5 breath taking coastal roads and some of the most hairpin filled heart dropping clifs I can find with asphalt I feel Project CARS should have in the future even if in D.L.C. I would pay to drive these roads. if any one wants to view it, Links right below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTo4lC6lJy4"
,Recommended,234630,15978404,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jdmbt,"This game is an absolute delight to play! The reason this game has so many negative reviews is because the game is only optimized for Nvidia cards at the moment.The overall game play feels like something from the very first Gran Turismo on PS1. Physics wise this game is one of the best there is which is equally on par, if not further beyond that of Asseto Corsa which is a nice touch.The graphics are incredible and are miles ahead of Asseto Corsa! If you're looking for a TRULY next generation experience graphics wise, then look no further than this game!Project Cars has a nice list of vehicles to choose from, however, there are no Lamborghini's or Ferrari's. That may not be a problem to some, but it sorta hampers the overall product for me as I love Ferrari's.The game still appears to be in alpha, and for a product of this quality still in alpha its an absolute MUST BUY. The game is highly optimized for Nvidia cards, and SMS are apparently working on getting it worked out for AMD cards as well.Weather is really fun to race through, and actually has an impact on the performance of vehicles. Unlike so many other so called ""sims"", when it rains, the road gets slick and your car will slide very easily. It's also fun to start a race during the day time, and have a storm gradually build up overtime where it gets really foggy and rainy, completely changing the way you tackle the race at hand.The damage model is good as well, which makes the game much more enjoyable! At least to me!All in all I'd recommend this game to people who enjoy racing games. The game can be played with a Keyboard and Mouse, Gamepad, or Wheel. While people who own AMD cards may want to wait to purchase this until SMS has fully resolved the problem, I'd still recommend it to Nvidia users as the game runs very smooth and looks stunning! I'm truly looking forward to see what SMS has in store for this title!"
76561198062321709,Recommended,234630,18010473,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Irish_Reaper,"I got it today (9/12/15) on sale and it came with the Litmited Edition DLC and is a better race sim than Assetto Corsa but it is not a better car handling sim than Assetto Corsa. If you want to race and have flags, pits, and all that then it is great and it is beautiful (I am running maxed out with AMD FX-6300 and Radeon HD 7950 with no problems). I would recomend this to anyone that liked the old Pro Race Driver series of games or the Grid series of games. If you are looking for the most realistic handling cars then get Assetto Corsa but if you want a fun race game then this is it.I use a Logitech Driving Force GT wheel and I would recommend you have some type of wheel for the game.Revision 9/14/15The single player in this game really does feel like racing, I mean your pit crew talks to you and gives you tips about passing the guy in front of you and you can have races with up to 40 cars on track. If Assetto Corsa had a single player mode like this it would be boss but if you want a good racing game with decent on-line racing and a great single player experience get this game."
76561197963742759,Recommended,234630,16485045,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OSC4R_MIK3,"Insane, just get it !"
76561198007338209,Recommended,234630,16371182,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fishey,Great arcade racer with just enough realism to make it interesting!
,Recommended,234630,16444313,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,W_DOG,Awesome!
76561198196968170,Recommended,234630,16448059,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BigOLBeasty,"Haven't played too much so far but I was instantly hooked.  Driving is very immersive (even with a controller), good weight and feel to the cars.  The graphics are outstanding and the instant access to any style racing is great for those who hate to work their way up just to get to that style or series that they enjoy."
,Recommended,234630,16331793,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AHGetToDaChoppa,They still have a lot of work to do with the online play.Racing against AI has been more fun and more challenging for me.Online 6/10Single player 9/10Overall 7.5/10Great game. Very fun. If you want a good casual sim this is it.
76561198047703941,Not Recommended,234630,17187800,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,paul25,force feed back weak u can do 100mph plus over bumps in the road an feel nothing lets it down for me
,Not Recommended,234630,29786878,Posted: 8 February,all,Sg.Blitzkrieg,"I was sad to find atleast 3 bugs in this game1. When you stop in the road, instead of the cars crashing into you creating a big collision, they just pass through, thought   this is a real life simulator2. When you crash and you lost a wheel, and you turn left/right, the graphics of the car fuse in with the graphics of the road3. Started a race, at the starting line before the race started, all the cars were piled up onto each other, and when the race started they glitched and went back to the normal position.Overall this coukd be a great game, the graphics, the scenary, the visualisations looks perfect. But please... sort out the bugs before you publish a game, you give yourself a bad name in the end"
,Not Recommended,234630,29360352,Posted: 19 January,all,smokin ninja,i really regret buying this game.the handling is badthe online lobby system is badthe graphics are good but the feel of this is very poor for its price
,Not Recommended,234630,30560790,Posted: 16 March,all,Sahuagin,"keep hoping for something as good as Forza on PC, but this sure isn't it"
,Recommended,234630,26336790,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pokedude104,"A great racing game that sits somewhere between an arcade and simulator. The online is questionable, but in single player you have plenty of track options to pick from and a good selection of cars. I'd reccomend starting out with some of the gt3 or gt4 cars as they are pretty forgiving to being pushed hard.For the love of god dont buy this if you dont have a controller or wheel.Also learn to go manual, you get better lap times."
76561198135095246,Recommended,234630,16285031,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,GreatGaming,wow..... just wow..... amazing 10/10.... perfection.... great job slightly mad studios/bandai/namco.... respect
76561198138633390,Recommended,234630,18024443,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,spordon,"I spent a lot of time researching this game and various reviews before jumping. The deciding factor was the fact that the developer has pushed at least three patches since the game's release in May. According to some of the reviews, the newest patch has fixed many of the issues early negative reviews mentioned. This tells me that any remaining issues are likely to be addressed. Apparently there were some AMD issues early on which have been reportedly fixed. I haven't let a Radeon card touch any of my systems since it was still ATI, so I can't comment on that.The game looks absolutely incredible. More importantly, the physics are just about perfect, with an edge over Assetto Corsa (especially in the tire temperature modeling). The AI is fine--some reviews mentioned the aggressive AI ramming players on higher settings, but I didn't see any of that in the latest version. AI cars are careful to get out of your way if you try to swerve into them on lower settings, but higher difficulty means they're less likely to give up their line. Even so, the only contact I had with AI cars was when I initiated it.Audio is great. No complaints.I didn't have a problem with a lack of a real career mode or unlocks, like some of the review sites did. There are several good arcade racers out there (Burnout series) to choose from if that's what you need, and several mediocre ones (Grid).The only real downside for me is the lack of some content. I'd like to see how the game handles Mugello. And the missing Lamborghini license is killing me, although there are a large number of other cars in the game. I haven't seen Lamborghini in a good PC sim yet. It's also missing Ferrari, Chevy, and Porsche (RUF is here, but fairly limited). And there are clearly still a few bugs--I deliberately rammed a barrier to get a feel for damage modelling, saw a tire go flying off, then drove away with no effect. I did it again, the other tire flew off, and this time the car reacted like it was supposed to.I haven't tried multiplayer yet, so can't comment on how solid it is. I likely won't try until I get a better wheel and more practice on the PC. Negative reviews about multiplayer look like they're aimed at the other drivers, not the game itself.I bought the game on sale this morning for $30, and feel like I got my money's worth. If you're reading this review and it's full price, you might want to make sure some of the existing (minor?) bugs are ironed out or wait for a sale. If PCARS had a few more high-end car licenses I'd consider it worth the full price (and will end up buying DLC if they get the licenses I want)."
,Recommended,234630,18088675,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hassan-i Sabbah,"Hah, they gave me an expensive car in game for someone who doesn't drive for a living. Fools."
,Not Recommended,234630,30248181,Posted: 28 February,all,dap2002,"Boring campaign, cars handle like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,234630,25963654,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MumbleMcFumble,"Project CARS is one of the most authentic, beautiful, intense, and technically-advanced racing games I have ever had the pleasure of playing and trust me, I have been playing racing games for a while.  Ever since the early days of the 2000's I have been obsessed with them, from playing the original Gran Turismo on the PS1 right through untill the latest and greatest car racing sims we see being released today, Ive played them all and Project CARS is right near the top of my list as one of the greatest car racing games to date, and when your playing with a wheel set up the experience is enhanced ten fold.  Project CARS isnt perfect but it sure is a hell of a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,234630,29822179,Posted: 10 February,all,lucent,"Physics in this game seems to be really weird and feels like they just ported it directly from shift2 with few enhancements. FFB...excuse me, but it's just a joke. Even rFactor, that came in 2005, produces dramatically better feedback than this game do. I'm not even talking about perfect FFB in Assetto Corsa. Cant recommend this for anyone who wants real sim experience. Asked for refund. If you are new to sims, avoid this, go for AC instead."
,Not Recommended,234630,32847835,Posted: 27 June,all,Deviltry,"Asseto Corsa is more cumbersome - like no VR menus, no singleplayer, looks a little bit worse; but AC has way better Force Feedback on steering wheels and cars handle, imo, better. Buy that instead."
76561198147789412,Not Recommended,234630,32883745,Posted: 27 June,all,trew domko,glitchy peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesnt even worth with my wheel. why are you making a second game if you havnt fixed the first one??
76561198202347894,Recommended,234630,20512275,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ofir Zenou,"HiI'm realy enjoy playing Project Cars.My favorite is Group A , think you made it really good!Love it.Need more online games of Group A ;)"
,Not Recommended,234630,23906775,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Leo3D,"VR review:Mirrors use a flat texture, so they are not very convincing mirrors.  In the short time I played it.. it didn't seem like the sound was really coming from different directions convincingly.In sterioscopic 3d, crossed billboard trees do not look convincing.This is am OK racing game, but its not primarily VR."
,Not Recommended,234630,23256055,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Donkey Kong,"I purchased Project CARS looking for something fun and potentially deep to play in VR (HTC Vive).  I found the VR interface to be pretty awful, to the point where the game was unplayable. After I write this review I'm going to attempt to get my money back.The VR menus of the game are huge and up really close to your face, requiring you to move your head around to see the options.  The driving gameplay is seated, with a headless driver model that steers the car, which I found really weird and immesion-breaking. I'd rather not have a body at all than a body I'm not physically attached to and does not mirror my actions.Because the body of the driver and the car don't move at all inside the play space, they need to be centered on your head and adjusted before the driving starts. The first time I booted up the game, I was holding the headset in my hands, clicking through the installer. The game world centered on the headset while I was holding it, down low and pointed at a 60 degree angle away from my couch. I spent my first 10 minutes with the game with my head clipped half through the car I was supposed to be driving, searching (and searching and searching) for a way to fix this in the menus. There was no recenter option. I eventually found a settings page that let me pick when I wanted recentering to occur: at game start or at race start. Race start was off by default. There was no interactive ""recenter now"" option, which was incredibly frustrating, nor any controls to manually adjust the centering.I restarted the game holding my head as perfectly still as I could in a comfortable position until the main menu came up. The centered position was better than before, (I was in the car at least!), but not perfect, and the game provides no way to fix it. There were a few manual adjustments for seat position in the car but that was it.This unacceptable in a $30 title. It would be unacceptable in version 0.1 of a fan-made VR conversion patch.The driving, once it started, was a little too simulationy for my tastes, even on novice. The cockpit view was super crowded and provided a poor view of the road. It was impossible to see where I was supposed to be going. All this made me feel motion sick after a short time. I couldn't help but feel like the experience I was having: discomfort, nausea, and calustrophobia was just a little too much authenticity for me.I do not reccomend this game for casual driving fans who are looking for something in VR.  I'm sure if I bought the game for hardcore simulation and was playing on a screen with a wheel, maybe I'd feel differently. For people who are not in my position, I defer to the other reviews."
,Recommended,234630,16483873,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,iAMNOTSMART,"Awesome game! Tons of fun, and amazing graphics! Although it isnt a arcade racer, I still love it! :D"
,Not Recommended,234630,16978952,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,kelvinl.ekee,Graphics are great but the game itself is quite buggy but not to the point of being unplayable for me (playing casually on a keyboard). The AI definitely needs more work as they don't seem to be affected by tire wear or wet conditions as much as I am. I'm also one of the many people having a pit engineer sound bug.Unfortunately I wouldn't be able to recommend this game to anyone because they pulled a really idiotic move by announcing project cars 2 when this game is still so new. They didn't even deliver on their monthly free car promise. To date only 1 free car  (lykan hypersport) was given to players.I actually made the mistake of buying their DLC a day before they announced Project Cars 2. I will definitely not be supporting this bunch of greedy developers anymore.
76561197991141525,Recommended,234630,15945557,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,5Aces.Nesterowicz,epic
,Recommended,234630,16357523,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Potato.exe,"Great game, if you look for a game with good graphics and good handling, this is the one you want to play.Game itself got alot of hate by players which expected it being easy like Forza or GranTurismo, this game is another level of racing where you need to pay attention to smallest details like tire temperature and more. This game gives you ability to setup your own racing strategy, you get full race weekend (Training-Qualifications-Race) Good amount of tracks and some pretty awesome cars. This game gets 10/10 from me."
76561198027024737,Recommended,234630,15915709,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,H_M_Murdock,"I have read others saying FFB is not as good as Asetto or others but I am enjoying it hugely with fanatec CS version 1.  What a game - visuals, AI (on GT so far) are fantastic and having some great races.  For me I am sitting here with a huge smile on my face just enjoying the immersion of this game.  Is it perfect - no - of course not and seems there may be some AMD issue (I use Nvidia) and there are of course issues to be addressed like AI during rain lapping too quickly but for now I am enjoying this hugely and if you have all the right kit it rocks!"
76561197987155832,Recommended,234630,16473556,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,funknerraw,"If you are interested in a simulation level motorsports game, then Project CARS is the game for you. Highly recommended"
76561198054930589,Not Recommended,234630,17716270,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,egil_teige,"A real shame, good game, fine mix of arcade and sim racer, but it is totally ruined by an AI worse than the AI in GT6 and the rain... It is always raining, and the rain is really local so it only affects your car and only the part of the track you are driving on at any given moment.This just makes it impossible to enjoy, and yes I do know that it rains, but I refuse to belive that Laguna Seca (in California, you know the place that is running out of water) has rain every weekend.But like i said, this is actually a good game, so it is a real shame that such minor problems ruins a potentially great game.Positive: Easy to get started, lots of different types of cars, tracks from around the worldNegative: The rain, the rain and the bad AI"
,Recommended,234630,15884756,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Brian,"Right well after seeing all the Negative reviews my experience will come as a real breathe of fresh air. I do not have working Windows PC so was very concerned about splashing out my £40 through Steam, but I am absolutely chuffed, Project Cars runs beautifully and this is my hardware. 27"" iMac 5K  (2015) with the fusion drive it runs Yosemite and I am running Parallels and have a Windows 10 VM running on an external USB 3.0 SSD. The display card is the standard option that just happens to be an AMD card. The frame rate looks blooming good to me. I did though have fun sorting out all the controls on the Mac's keyboard and if anyone can offer advice on a suitable Mac compliant controller that would be handy. But from me Project Cars get a great big 9/10 and a big well done to the developers."
76561197986771294,Recommended,234630,15994899,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,emanrod-1,top game 9 out of 10
76561198184828515,Recommended,234630,16490476,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,wheatjames,"Project CARS is like having a genius baby brother. The idea of letting the Sim Racing Community help shape the development of this simulator is in my opinion what's missing from so many companies. The graphics are the best in the Class. And the physics engine is spot on in terms of speed. I haven't driven all the cars, but I could only find fault with three that I've tried. Most every car felt great and a few truly put me back in the cockpit of the real thing. I'm an open wheel fan at my core and have turned a few laps with the big boys, and prior to the release of Project CARS, I spent most of my sim time driving Code Masters F1. It was less than a year ago I converted one of my flight Simulators with a Logitech Driving Force GT and a copy of F1 2012. over the next nine months I've moved from F1 2012 to 2013 to 2014. Then I got caught up in all the hype about ""The Crew"", I bought a G27 Wheel and up graded my system. But ""The Crew"" was a big big let down. Then along comes talk about Project CARS, and I was hooked again. While waiting for its release I built my dream system at the cost of many thousands. Well Project CARS is here and it is truly amazing. So come on people, suit up and show up to Project CARS. I would have never believed I'd be posting a clip of me racing at Sears Point on Facebook and have so many people write me excited that I'm racing again after all these years and wanting to come watch. Some still think I'm kidding when I tell them it's a simulation."
,Recommended,234630,16374726,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HQ steak,Sony's Gran Turismo series and Microsoft's Forza franchise♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants when this made it's debut.Beautiful game only and only if you can dig the insane difficulty of this surreal driving simulator.
,Recommended,234630,16379134,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LazyTurtle97,OMG!!! This game has Formula A!!! ;-)
76561198028162803,Recommended,234630,16316451,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Scrub Daddy,"To be frank, I thoroughly enjoy this game.+Phisics are (for the most part) spot on. Many people on here who follow racing sims are saying its bad, but unlike them,     I´ve actually experienced cars just short of the caliber of GT3 cars, and I don{t think they understand just how solid these cars are. Games like AC over'portray body roll in order to please these people, but it{s to such an exten that they feel more soft they these cars really are (not to bash AC, but I do find this game more closely related, if not maybe just a tad too stiff on some of the lower level cars).+Graphics are probably by far the greatest selling point. I´m sorry if you have an AMD card, I heard its basically unplayable, but the game runs great for my Nvidia 860m and have virtually no lag even under extreme conditions (24 cars, rain, and max graphics)+AI is pretty rough. You have to be careful as they are extremely aggressive, but the game is still very playable even with them.Coming from a Forza and GT background (this is my first PC sim) I very much enjoy this game and would highly recommend to anyone that loves racing."
76561198194833123,Not Recommended,234630,17241545,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,sailorman0224,"game sucks, I have been waiting for it since announced what two years ago, and since I bought it, it has been nothing but a dissapointment, buggy as hell, hard to assign controllers, the updates cause more problems then they are worth, the game is pretty, but it sucks...."
76561197998079084,Not Recommended,234630,18035590,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Norrski,"Graphics are decent, the amount of cars avaliable is good. I love the driving physics and the weather effects. Theres plently of leagues to choose from. I straight out love this game...... except for THE GOD DAMN AI!!! WTF?I am sorry, I really tried to like this game. But after beeing bumped out of the same turn on the same track restarting my Formula C session 25 times and the AI rear bumped me on a wet track EVERY GOD DAMN TIME, then its more frustrating then fun! I can see them, but I cant avoid them. They are way to unpredictable.  I try desperatly to slow down and do this 90 degree right turn, and every single time no mather what someone bumps my damn rear.If I try to drive passively I spin out trying to avoid the crazy damn AI, I`ve tried everything, the only thing that worked was lowering the difficulty so much that the AI became braindead. Thats no fun. I won with 1 and a half lap...... is there no middle ground?I`m even racing passively, I let them pass me if I cant loose them. I keep my distance as much as possible in turns and only drive past them on straights. I drive flawlessly, still I cant avoid the AI. Its as if they are targeting me sometimes.Is programing an AI in a racing game really that hard? If I turn up the AI difficulty at all they keep bumpind and crashing into me. I know that the AI is suposed to be ""aggresive"" at times, but god damn! Having an AI slamming your side or rear so hard that you crash and have to break the race? WTF? THIS IS NOT REALISTIC! ITS FRUSTRATING!I mean, accidents happen sure thats realistic. But not when it happens several times in every single race.... I have to drive like a old grandma with an expired license and broken glasses just to avoid beeing rammed of the track.But its not only on this track no, almost every single track I`ve raced on against AI. The AI suddenly and for NO reason just ignores my presence completely. Slamming into me hard, as if it didnt register that I was there. WTF?Sadly I played this game too much and cant get a refund.... or I would....Fix your damn AI before calling it a ""sim driver"" please. Its not a sim when I feel like everyone else on the track want to kill me. Thats not realistic, thats lazy design. I`ve seen better AI in 15 year old racing games on PS1."
,Recommended,234630,16263714,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,LeopaldF3,"Excellent game. They put in the work where it mattered (gameplay, physics, graphics, periperhal support etc.), instead of blowing all the dev money on celebrity/brand licencing, advertizing and a soundtrack.Throw spotify or your mp3 player in the background and the game is lacking nothing.Looking forward to see where they go with expansions."
76561198140322317,Recommended,234630,16207025,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Axionredz,awesome
76561198161016026,Recommended,234630,16364744,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ibanezshredder,"man, ppl who pre-ordered the game should get some car packs for free... just saying.  would be nice.  still the best racing game ever so far.  just hope they add a ton of cars and more tracks.to compare this game with Assetto Corsa it is way better. AC feels like ur driving on ICE all the time. PC has a nice realistic feel to it.  also, PC has way better graphics than AC.  only thing better in AC is the IRtracking works better, only cuz u can look all the way behind u out the back window where in PC u cant.  im use to forza where there is so many cars you will never drive them all, so i hope they add tons more... but i love this game, proly wont ever play any other racing game for along time...things i dislike about it... trackingIR could work better- pit stops could be easeir to figure out and most the time they dont even work-be cool if you could acually upgrade some of the cars... seems they are all stock, no upgrades-and maybe some hints about how to get the best out of tuning setups instead of leaving you clueless.cant say theres anything else i dont like about it, everything else is amazing."
76561198217757816,Recommended,234630,16375210,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bird Man,"This is a great racing sim.  Playing with a wheel and pedals is the only way to go.  Realistic driving physics and some really great cars to choose from (although not a huge stable) make this game have lasting appeal.The best thing about the game is the career mode.  Instead of playing as some kind of car collector like you do in GT or Forza, in this game you play as a racing driver; working your way from karting all the way up through the ranks.  It's very satisfying.With all of its strengths this game has one major flaw that I have to point out.  The AI often acts as if you are not on the race track.  You will get slammed into and barged off the track.  There are also other strange AI behaviors like shortcutting the track that will leave you scratching your head.Overall if you want a realistic racing game with a fun career mode, this is the game for you.  Hopefully the AI will be improved over time."
,Recommended,234630,16413476,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sodi,I can only describe this game in one word: Incredible.
76561197971748298,Recommended,234630,16581379,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UtterNutter,Great game
76561197992869274,Not Recommended,234630,16643493,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jaycau,Really disapointed..Lack of triple screen support.I want to love this game but  Im back playing AC and rf2
,Recommended,234630,16181389,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,KaMiKaZeCATS,its gr8 m8 r8 8/8
,Recommended,234630,16382146,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hunter,*inhale* *exhale*
,Recommended,234630,16469638,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MartiniMini,"Really nice graphics, good wheel support, accurate tracks, everything is there.The AI might not be one of the smartest and toughest out there, but if that bothers you, go online and have some fun.I really recommend using a steering wheel in this game. It will enhance the experience!"
76561197968636149,Not Recommended,234630,17171333,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MagicBob,"Looks amazing, shame about the online game play and bugs"
,Not Recommended,234630,18000353,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,NewAgeWizard,"It may have been my computer, but this game runs terribly. Opimization is incredibly horrid and there is a good 1 sec lag on controls. The only outstanding part of this game is karts and open-wheel collisions."
,Recommended,234630,29794047,Posted: 8 February,all,snozbaries,If you don't have a wheel don't bother this is a sim not a game.
,Recommended,234630,15884663,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Donught Lord,"Short version: best, most immersive pc racing sim I've played. 8/10Let me just start out by saying I LOVE Gran Turismo. When I got my first gaming pc I was truly devastated that the only racing sims available were either too graphically ancient to be immersive at all, or just filled with cartoon physics. Then I hear of Project CARS, and man was I excited. Finally a true racing sim in the works, I couldn't wait for this game to come out. Well here it is, and while it's not quite on Gran Turismo's level of polish it's definitely a solid game well worth my money. So at the end of the day I would say if you have a next gen console you'd probably find more substance in Forza or Gran Turismo, but if you don't have a console or would rather game on pc then this game is the way to go."
76561198004571376,Recommended,234630,16447215,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[ST-R] Liska,"I have AMD graphic, and everything works great! :) 10/10"
76561198038088743,Not Recommended,234630,16613370,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,L1fe Is Strange,"Honestly. This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, wasn't made for a controller at all. CAN NOT reach settings when in a race. There is SO much that is locked and I can't change. It's an overal bad game."
76561198028710703,Not Recommended,234630,28628593,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,M_Hi,"The game itself is quite OK with a convincing driving experience. The developer, however, is an absolute no-go. They have announce a SteamOS/Linux version of the game and then silently cancelled it. Do not make the mistake to support them. There are other alternatives of honest developers (who have either actually released versions for other platforms or never announced such versions)."
,Not Recommended,234630,33066847,Posted: 30 June,all,YoItSoul,"Let me be honest. I started out REALLY wanting to buy this game and picked it up when it was on sale. The graphics are AMAZING in-game but the actual game had no ""reach"". (Edited) There is no way to unlock further cars as you go through the campaign. I've played the sim and arcade/weekend races and my vote still stands. Unless you enjoy repetitiveness, pass along."
76561198061654896,Not Recommended,234630,20387667,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ha_ha_u_ded,"Worst racing game of the modern era. All of its competition completely blows it out of the water.Playing this the graphics reminded me of Gran Turismo 4 for the PS 2. But thats about the only thing it had in common with that fantastic classic;There are an amazingly lackluster amount of cars in the game. Seriously, theres about 3 road cars in the game, and 1 or 2 cars for each class that all feel the same as the other cars in the class.There are a lot of tracks in the game but I imagine its pretty easy to add a lot of maps if they have less detail and less graphical fidelity than Forza 3.Controls with a controller are absolutely atrocious and if you plan on using a controller DO NOT GET THIS GAME PERIOD. I cannot even put into words how terrible it is with a controller, as many people on the internet forums have complained about.Bottom Line: THERE IS NO REASON TO GET THIS GAME WHEN FORZA 6 AND GRAN TURISMO EXIST.This game is worse than the competition in every single way, most importantly content. I actually find it amazing that a PC game managed to have worse graphics than console exlusives.Seriously, I think this game has less cars than that Ferrarri exclusive racing game.1/10 worst racing game I've ever played. The only reason it gets as high as 1 is because it has a great options menu.Oh ya, and some idiot decided to make the default post race button ""restart"" instead of ""continue"", so you have to scroll up before you press A or you'll be restarting your race. Seriously how stupid do you have to be as a dev to make restart default."
,Not Recommended,234630,20224017,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Firus!,Stupid junky controls. I can't even change them.
,Recommended,234630,18453222,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Lumia,Best Forza Alternative for PC!10/10
,Not Recommended,234630,16629697,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mαximiliαn,The game is really overrated.Particle system is the ugliest i've ever seen in a new video game. Also i found the handling of the cars very odd. On top of all that the game is very boring: same old tracks from games like grid or need for speed. I'm just tired of the same locations like nurburgring and so on. Game lacks originality. I've payed 50% off but i am still feeling ripped off.
,Recommended,234630,20059652,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,- Speedy -,"This game looks and just feels amazing! The graphics are crisp, the gameplay is smooth and overall I love the layout of the dashboard and how simple it is. The game features alot of awesome cars and offers a realistic exsperience overall! Definitly recommend this game to any racing fans!"
76561198095996256,Not Recommended,234630,18574740,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Speedhacker,"My first impressions of Pcars were good. Stunning visuals along with excellent cars sounds and vehicle handling realism. I race with a Logitech g27 wheel. The wheel support and custimization in game is very good. In game the vehicle handles as Id expect it to in real life which fora simulator game is a big deal. It Did not take me many hours though to realize that Pcars has many faults which in my opinion outweight the pros, he biggest of these being the career mode, car selection and instability. The career was dreadfully uncreative with no excitement beside actually driving a car which brings me to the next point; the lack of cars. This isnt all bad due to the fact it takes time to learn how to drive each car properly. Most of my game time was spent driving the RUF Yellowbird. I would have appreciated a few more road cars and more American and Japanese cars. The name itself is misleading since the game has well under 100 cars which are mostly European race cars. The stability of the game has also caused me grief even in the 10 hours of gameplay. Frequent crashes and fps drops make it difficlut to play. I cannot reccomend the game to people who seek a racing experience like i did. It is designed more for those who love Hot Lap simulators with not much else"
76561197972422095,Not Recommended,234630,16866053,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Scotzman,"Way too many bugs, going back to Assetto Corsa.... how do I get my money back?"
76561198114250709,Recommended,234630,15865812,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,erikdfier,"Update:Patch 2.0 *thumbs down*Replays still crash the game to desktop.Verified on two computers GTX 960 / GTX 650Running Nvidia Driver 353.30Patch 1.4  *thumbs down*Saved Replays crash the game a majority of the time.   For this reason, I'd really like to thumb the game down.Prior Patches 0.0 - 1.3Saved Replays working again finally!Great Game / Sim, highly recommended but only to the hardcore and willing to tinker with the settings in order to get it to your liking.Pros:Nice graphics and road feel during play.  For tracks that arent laser scanned, theyre extremely well done.Excellent Performance on low-end GPU's (GTX 650)  Way past the Xbox One and PS4 Quality Visuals and nearly Matches the Consoles Frame Rate Performance.  Shocking.Cons:If your coming from console's, good luck.  It needs some work in general, managing the control options (Reset to defaults and Better explanation of all control / force feedback settings and proper Wheel and Controller save options)  Specific support for the Fanatec 911 Porsche Turbo Wheel, 6 speed shifter and ClubSport Pedals (Shifter and Pedals were not supported)"
76561198178004631,Recommended,234630,15863179,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,masterpatric07,"BUY It . AWESOME, it is like I racing  but without the unforgiveness of iracing."
76561198072666181,Recommended,234630,15736210,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,The Dude Man,Outstanding & Pushing Simulation into the future!!! - #GlobalGrandStand
76561198006787920,Recommended,234630,15892342,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,flentge04,"I've been waiting for this game for looooong time and it hasn't disappointed.Pros:Great simulation physics modelsGreat soundsGreat vehicle graphics (I crashed the boot lid off of my Zonda R to find an incredibly detailed engine compartment)The graphics/realism control is outstanding..set everything to where you want it or where your PC can run itTrack selection is greatCons:Car selction (this is a pro and con...lots of different classes, but where is Ferrari? Lamborghini? hopefully DLCs will provide)The pit commentators are pretty uselessIf a studio could take the best things about this and turn it into an open road, soup em up, street racer a la Forza Horizon for PC....take my money...all of it"
76561197971081860,Recommended,234630,15918110,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,superfaucker69,"I have an older system with intel I7 2600K and AMD 7950 card .I have nothing bad to say about this game,it is challenging at times but Im not experiencing any thing bad because of my hardware,It plays flawlessly,and looks beautiful,with graphics maxed out!"
,Not Recommended,234630,16726239,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rexdino5,I had kept tabs and followed this game since it was first announced and I'm really disappointed that the game has so many bugs its implayable. I can barely play the game! I crash so often I can't finish a race so I have to restart again... and again. Its stupid. Don't get this game right now until you know the bugs and glitches are fixed. Despite the amazing gameplay that I can manage to squeeze out before the game crashes... its not really worth it right now. FIX THE GAME PLEASE.
,Recommended,234630,17827006,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,bazZ',After Patch 3.0 the game seems less buggy than before - so it's now the right time to recommend the game.We are doing Leagues and Season in our Project CARS group (just search for 'PCDC' (Project CARS Drivers Club) if you want to join!)
76561198007389215,Not Recommended,234630,23961751,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nick53321,The game has about 30 cars. Some cars hit the pit wall while leaving the garage in auto drive. A few tracks aren't true to the real tracks. Nurburg has banners for Porsche. AI races as if you weren't event on the track.Uninstall/10
76561198018593603,Not Recommended,234630,27745894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Squatting Slav,Don't bother unless you have a proper steering wheel. Unplayable with a controller. Also has a weird Glitch where the game changes your DESKTOP BACKROUND to something random.. Easily fixed by saving the theme but WTF?
,Recommended,234630,15934159,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,TooManyBizkits,"This game is amazing, sooo much potential. Forza and Gran Turismo have a new competetor. Just iron out some of the visual stuff (flickering not much tho) pc side and you have a solid game"
,Recommended,234630,20459325,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,"First, I guess I can say it was worth waiting 7 months.Because I was waiting forever for a next gen racing simulator on PC, being Forza and Driveclub are on Next-Gen.This game kind of saved PC Racing, being that Forza is too common. Also, can't wait for Need for Speed! :D"
76561198249814056,Not Recommended,234630,22323222,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Colegator,"I still dont understand this game, I tried changing the settings to make more sense to me, but I still never understood how to play the game. I spent about half an hour trying to understand, but I never did. I got this game at the winter sale last year for $20 and I think it's the worst $20 I've ever spent."
,Not Recommended,234630,16982967,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,astonex,A buggy mess and there doesn't seem to be any patches to fix most of the bugs since launch day.The AI is complete garbage and is guaranteed to crash in to you at least once during any given race.
76561198087535418,Recommended,234630,15724973,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,CQR Myles,"It's a blast, has a massive selection of cars and tracks each requiring time to master. Everything feels right with the handling and feedback, you get a real sense of what's going on."
76561198144552634,Recommended,234630,16565821,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Angry Beard,Fantastic little number once you get it figured.All the people whining about handling TRY GETTING SOME HEAT IN YOUR TIRESIt really is that simple
,Recommended,234630,15998605,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jaytona,"Graphics are awesome and a lot of fun to play. Still some bugs to be worked out, mostly on-line stuff.All in all its one of the best out there, and that has a lot to do with how full the servers are, and the variety of car/tracks.I love the fact you can buy the game and get all the cars and tracks, like AC, and rFactor.... the way sim racing (or any game) should be. Lets face it the more people that have the game and can play it, the more successful the game will be.Good job to Slightly Mad Studios for really putting a sim racing game out that can be enjoyed by all skill levels"
76561198039938352,Recommended,234630,16006088,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,imahertinbich,great driving sim....
76561197974750018,Recommended,234630,16019537,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Achaean,"i was expecting a good career mode.. I'm glad they have solo and practise mode which is great to get started, i picked pro mode on career with a x box controller and boy is it hard to win first place.. which is good i like a challange, but i wish they put some sort of ""licence"" mode on.. now i know some people may disagree but every racing game has a different feel to it, now with this game expecting to be close to a ""driving simulator"". you would expect some corner tactics and braking tutorials on these different modes of cars and karts ect.. apart from that i loved the game so far and has made me to order a wheel and pedals.. (and can i just say how much u have to pay for a decent wheel controller is stupid"" the range of controllers goes from crap to full price  (nothing in between)"
76561198021656170,Recommended,234630,16035230,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ahket,"Well after thinking this was the best car sim I've EVER driven, I have not changed my mind. But, as with anything new, there are problems to be rectified.The Mk IV cars were a disaster as far as handling was concerned, plenty of power, but like driving on ice!One or two other teething problems, but I will hang in there.Oh, and the odd game crash is annoying."
76561198170608985,Recommended,234630,16656450,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pabloosing,This game has alot of potential i really hope they sort the bugs compaired to any other sims its not bad and alot of the cars are really fun to drive.
76561197970490772,Recommended,234630,15729029,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,{WTN} Wakalope,"If you are a true car fan, this game is for you. This game pays a great homage to everything about racing. The detail is amazing, the sound is amazing, all of the collective ideas from the community and the developer came together so well.This game brought a tear to my eye. It is truly something special.Online play is a little screwy. Not sure if I was experiencing bugs or hackers but some really weird stuff happens on the track. hopefully they work on that.It did however seem to run smoothly in general while close to online drivers.No upgrades you can do on the cars, you can only customize small things prior to the race like tire pressure, camber, etc.There are plenty of cars and tracks (all unlocked) to keep you busy for a long time. OH and... Career mode is fun too"
,Recommended,234630,15979474,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Huayasca,"I play this game for hours just practicing different tracks and cars, and it's still so ♥♥♥♥ing exciting.As for the career mode, it's fun for a while but getting bored quick. I usually just play quick weekends.8.5/10 for me"
76561198107474888,Recommended,234630,15901430,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,JohnnyVT,"I have and FX 8350 and R9 290. I am having no problems at all running this game. I had trouble with GTAV until I downloaded the beta driver for my card specifically for that game. Maybe try that AMD guys. No issues at all with me.  8350 OC to 4.7, Sapphire R9 290 trix cooler, 16GB Gskill 2400 Ram, 2 Kingston Hyperx SSD in raid 0, Cpu is water cooled, Maybe try that beta driver for GTA V for the amd cards. Maybe I am just lucky no problems."
,Recommended,234630,18295639,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,iznotacat,more like project vroom vroom.
,Not Recommended,234630,16874049,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,jhiggins822,"I was excited to see Project Cars come onto the scene especially with the open 'Free Practice' and open cars to pick. I've always loved Car driving sims and archade. In 1987 Test Drive came out (By Accolade) I used to start up on a IBC PC DOS machine. After a couple of releases from Accolade Sony came out with the Grand Turismo Series. I also injoyed the early Rally (Colin McRae) series. Great Car sims! Project cars is a great car simulator with really good graphics. Unfortunately it drops frames and the screen goes blank when I play with AI drivers. I have a Radeon HD 6870, i7-2600 Quad core processor and 16 GB of the best memory around. Don't get this game if you have a Radeon graphics card as it won't run. I have to go to task manager and cancel the game. To bad because I  really like the way the game is set up. Until Slightly Mad Studios fixes this problem I can't recommend this game."
76561197996185437,Recommended,234630,16113683,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,cybrknight,By far and away one of the finest racing sims I've had the pleasure of playing in years.  I'll be playing this for a VERY long time.
76561198166980157,Not Recommended,234630,16628367,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,maxjmachado,"to anyone considering buying this game because they played forza. please reconsiderfirst, this is not forza.the landscape and tracks are beautiful and the cars just the same.but the control mechanics are sup par to the point where some vehicles are uncontrollable.the steering overly sensitive where a slight turn can put you in the wall. the cooled tires are over exaggerated just the same.counter steering is nearly impossible as it just sling shots you to the other side of the wall. the braking mechanics are a little slow where I feel a mclaren has the brake calipers of a 60's caddilac.assists do not really help the mechanics in the game.the driving lines when slowing down or brake are inaccurate where i mostl likely end up in the wall or in the field.the AI's, are either really slow or make perfect lines to the point where it looks like they are riding on rails.i had such great hopes for this game as i was looking for something to substitute forza and my xbox being in the military and unable to bring them with me.i recently hope they might put out a patch for the game. I sure hope they do because i do see potential. but until then i dont feel i will continue to play this game!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,16886860,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,lloschen,"Do not bother with this game. The developers sent out a sub-par product and instead of fixing what could be a great racing sim, they announce Project Cars 2. They are more worried about getting money out of pockets than producing a playable game.The Good: The cars are beautiful and the noises are great. Having sunlight light blind you as you enter the corner, not being able to see the exit, is an amazing experience.The Bad: The cold tires are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to warm up. You are completely worthless until they get warm and the AI just come screaming past. Can not touch the curbs, no matter the size, without spinning. Getting turned in on by an AI leaves me with 2 options. Take damage and ruin my race or get out of his way, spin and ruin my race. And the AI will turn in on you.The Ugly: The AI. The AI are overly aggressive and drive like drunken 12 year olds. They brake way too early or way too late. I can not begin to count the times I have been punted off track by the AI behind just being plain stupid. The AI get in each others way and cause pile ups. The AI can drive through asphalt, grass, tarmac, gravel, and sand all at the same speed. They do not lift off, just keep going with out a care in the world and rejoin into the side of whomever just happens to be there."
,Recommended,234630,16452965,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SIDEWINDER,If you own AMD and crying about this sim it's your falt for buying AMD.  This game / Sim is awsome looking and feels great . If you know how to set up cars it's even better feeling. If you own AMD It sux to be you. Step it up and buy a real machine and enjoy a awsome graphical Racing sim and stop crying about the game not working for you....boo hoo. Lots of control over the game settings and setups for the cars and many different cars to chose from. I'm loving this. Much better than AC and easier to navagate. Many many ajustments to make it very fun and as real as they can make it now. My new wheel ..a thrustmaster 500 is just the perfect match for this Sim. Still don't have all the settings locked in yet but getting it closer to where I want it. Plan On spending time to find your settings and getting it to feel good for yourself then go have some fun. Looks like the online racing on here is improving slowly.
76561197960347436,Not Recommended,234630,16856446,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,amyen,"this game is not finished. about 30% of promised features are missing. bugs, which are there since day one (and before in alpha and beta stages of testing) and dont let you even start the game properly still exist, dispite we being told ""we're working on it"".and instead of fixing them so we can play, they concentrate on fixing graphic settings and other unimportant things.this game is still a beta versionFIX THE GAME FIRST, THEN OPTIMIZE IT.AND FIX THIS GAME FIRST BEFORE YOU GO AROUND ASKING FOR MORE CROWDFUNDED MONEY FOR PCARS2. PCARS1 ISNT EVEN FINISHED.dont the develepors have any shame left? this is just unacceptable..!!"
,Recommended,234630,15780314,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,er1kse,"Pros:- Great graphics (4k is awesome)- Awesome physics- Variety of tracks, cars and disciplines- Fun career mode- Dynamic weather- Sounds are brilliantCons:- Ai too aggressive- I dont really feel a lot of force feedback- A small selection of cars (without Ferrari, Bugatti and Lamborghini) :("
76561197996639577,Recommended,234630,15832856,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,keyloki,"pcars is visually stunning but the physics and FFB (and graphics) really smack of a newer version of a ""need for speed"". It lacks the FFB and ""real road"" of rF2 but the graphics are incredible....I have a G25 and 3 42"" LCDs and get AWSOME frame rates. Its more game than sim to me but a BLAST to play on or off line. Its MY perfect companion to rF2. It lets you relax and ""play"". When I want to be ""serious"" and run a SIM, its still rF2 for that. When my friends are here and want to race in my rig....THIS is my new ""go to"" Game."
76561198049801566,Recommended,234630,15820374,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,HighBread,"Great Game. You'll have to spend some time getting your controller settings right if you don't have a wheel, but once you dial them in, or if you have a wheel, the game is outstanding. Be aware of the recommended PC specs too, the games' beautiful graphics will need every resource it can get."
,Not Recommended,234630,16951638,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,| ESP |,A complete buggy mess.  This game was released about a full year too early.
76561198093794493,Recommended,234630,15900695,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Just 4 fun,"This is the game I have been waiting for, playing with a Logitech F310 controller is fun after the right controller set up! If you love WEC, WTCC or World Endurance then this is the game you need!"
76561197970525748,Not Recommended,234630,16872416,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gargos,"I have a hard time recommending this game at this point. Every single update that comes out may fix some issues, but breaks just as much. This game is not fit for public release at this point, even after multiple official patches. This latest patch refused to let me calibrate my wheel properly even after 3 consecutive tries. It's apparent that nobody quality tests these new releases on any platform. Car setups used to be OK, but even after fixing my wheel on the 4th attempt, they still feel like garbage. Any wheels off the track now result in penalties that slow your car down in the middle of the race making it dangerous for yourself and anybody around you. This is not racing. At this point, the game is a joke.However, the biggest joke of all may be the limitless level of unprofessionalism displayed by Ian Bell, head of the studio on their official forums. His conduct is enough to make anybody sick to the stomach. Silence the criticism, act like an immature child and employ moderators who somehow manage to act even worse. Say anything negative about the product and find yourself banned or accused of being part of some conspiracy. Full disclosure, I have never registered or posted on the forums myself. I heard of this through words of mouth and then proceeded to spend hours going through their major threads until I just couldn't stand any more. I would certainly encourage anybody who doubts these claims to go to the official website yourself, or look up some great YouTube videos including screenshots of all of this. This is one person who will not pay another dime for any add-ons or sequels thanks almost entirely to the conduct of their leadership.Beware when purchasing this game. Even if the bugs are eventually ironed out (and that will not be any time in the near future), you are supporting a studio who couldn't care less about what you think."
,Recommended,234630,22955158,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,♛ Digital Friends - VIVE,"This game is really made for VR, im never playing this on a normal monitor again, NEVER.First of all, to be able to feel all crammed in a F1 car, actually thinking that you can touch the physical car is INSANE.The level of detail is just astonashing.I strongly recomend this if you got a HMD (HTC Vive or Oculus), otherwise i would get that first.Funny part:I have room scale with the HTC vive, so im actually able to step out of the car and walk around it, funny thing happend...My brother started driving while i was walking around the car, and i accidentally fell backwards and started screaming.This is a must have for the Vive, also recomended to buy a Logitech G25 if you wanna get immersed times 10."
76561198160799542,Recommended,234630,15942798,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mr Hydro Blowback,"If you have a steering wheel of any kind , £40 and do not own this game , You are missing out !Best racing game / Sim I have ever layed my hands on .I use a cheap Thrustmaster Ferrari wheel and pedals which I got from CEX for £2.50 2nd hand so no excuses about "" expensive wheel setups "" It works like a dream .I have also not encountered any of the problems people mention regarding online play . Maybe it's a connection issue for people that have low speeds ? or lower end PC's ?10/10 Worth buying it just for the Kart racing !"
,Recommended,234630,29135068,Posted: 8 January,all,Dux,"I bought this game for the VIVE and it hasn't dissapointed, i payed a premium for it as it seems to rarely get put on sale for much of a discount. The game works flawlessly with VR and is an amazing experience. The hefty price of VR and a racing seat/wheel combo is nothing compared to the thrill of racing cars you could never afford."
,Recommended,234630,15895007,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,JENZO,"Amazing driving sim. The handling of the cars on my Logitech G27 wheel is really spot on, once you get the set up right which you can find online the way different cars,karts handle & you have to be quick to recover from a spin if feeling the back of car losing grip.I have other car games like AC which is a great sim as well BOTH are really amazing at the graphics & handling of the cars, All i can say are both well worth the money if you love driving sims, So don't just sit and watch youtube vids of the game buy it now and hopefully i be racing you soon online with the others :)"
76561198096615399,Recommended,234630,15895155,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fratdaddypapi,Big fan of gt racing and f1 would 100% reccomend this game $600 budget computer running on high game is perfect and plays well to investing in steering wheel so not that into the whole racing game scene just yet but so far this game is an up of grid autosport graphics and better multiplayer
76561197967845237,Recommended,234630,15901917,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,sidFADC,"Awesome simulator!  Yes that's right its a sim.  Ignore everyone else who says it isn't.  Get yourself a wheel, turn off all the assists and drive round Spa in the Wet....yep told you.  The game does have issues (what new game doesn't nowadays), sad but true.  There has already been a patch on PC with more to come no doubt.You will have to spend some time setting up the FFB if you have a wheel, I use the G27.  I'm on the PC and I haven't played with a pad so I can't comment on that, I can imagine the karts would be tricky with a pad but with a wheel they are crazy fun!  The actual driving part of this game which is surely the main bit is absolutely phenomenal!  One of the best interpretations of road racing I have played on PC period.  There are a large selection of cars all exquisitely modelled and they sound great too.  You don't have to unlock anything, it's all there at the beginning which is a refreshing change in my opinion.So like I said once you setup the feedback and dial in some settings the game comes alive.  If you expect to just jump straight in and expect to make competitive laps you will fail.  There is a learning curve but that's how I like it.  What you waiting for?  Go and buy it now."
,Not Recommended,234630,16297474,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Saint Satan,Meh game.  Disappoiting in nearly every way.  It lacks the production value of other racers and feels pretty bare bones.  There are better racing games out there.
76561198185535998,Not Recommended,234630,16767781,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SparkyF355,"Worse Game Ever. Out of all the reviews you will red most complain about the graphics.  Graphics are very good in my opinion.  The really bad point which no one seems to mention is the FFB.  You cannot tell what the car is doing, The 14hours I have played this game is fiddling about the the settings for FFB, watching numerous You Tube videos and reading through forums to find some half acceptable FFB feeling to no avail. Stay Away from this game! You have been warned!"
,Not Recommended,234630,15845177,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,prof. MrWashek,"I will try to be as fair with my review as is fair selling this ""game"" for 50€.Prosvehicle varietygraphics may be considered goodConshorrible physics - To all who think this is simulator, I can assure you it is not. You can change the actual car grip by mashing throttle and brake inside corner and the car won't slide at any speed, try going smoothly and you are off the track. Some kerbs (those that are on the outer side of a corner) will throw you outside the track, so does grass which is apparently made from glue. Some kerbs however are not a problem for the car and you can cut low speed corners in full speed without punishment. Crests don't work at all. Collisions do not work at all. You go side by side and if you touch you are stuck the the other car until you hit the barrier. On the other hand you can bump into cars in corners without punishment and that looks really funny.horrible AI - they will keep crashing you on the inside in cornershorrible UI - you can not edit controls from race (only in main menu)If I find something positive about this game I will update this review. But now it is UNFINISHED and overpriced product. I am pulling my hair out now for buying it, should have waited for F1 2015."
76561198038972346,Not Recommended,234630,15790411,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,igorzkoppt,"(Edited after coming back from my initial anger)I haven't played much at all but I am already very disappointed... The physics are a complete nonsense. I expected something arcade-ish like Shift2 without the ""on-off"" behavior, but it's actually neither realistic nor fun. The same car will understeer like hell on a curve, won't understeer at all in the rest of the track, high-end racing cars grip like a 60's Chevrolet... Tracks feel narrow and simplified.I noticed that passed a certain threshold, you simply have no control whatsoever when high-speed skidding during the first second, then get back in control when it's too late. I didn't identify the exact circumstances yet, The kerbs behave like ice blocks with some cars.(Edit) - Now I realize that when you break a bit hard, the cars goes straight, even when the wheels aren't locked.... your controls have zero effect until you stop breaking. I must say I didn't use any assistance, so I guess you need to turn on the ABS to have a more realistic brake system. Whatever. The physics are just ridiculous, I wonder who can still think that a winged racing car will slip everywhere as soon as you move the wheel a bit quickly, even on a tiny amplitude and at high speed. (/Edit)I expected much better graphic-wise. The graphics have clearly been optimized to look good during replays, or at spectacular times (dawn, rain). However, during normal plain-day racing, they are not that great.The AI is worse than in Assetto Corsa, although very random in quality. The noise engines, claimed to be a huge step forward in some forums are not as realistic as in Assetto Corsa... The sound is not as good as in any other modern sim. There are scripted pops and noises when you leave the stands, while the engine at constant revv... The sound is flat and lacks seriously of complexity. I wonder how it could souns so good in the Youtube video comparisons between P. Cars and other games.I expected it to be a good arcade-ish game to complete Asseto Corsa, but in the end, I do think it's not even as good as NFS Shift...  less arcade and yet much, much less fun to drive (Ok if you choose the 4x4 of course, high-power 2WD cars were way too wonky in NFS).Saw an article about all the hype being somewhat crafted. Actually, it does make sense: ten of thousands invested quite a lot in the game and are promoting it, flooding the forums, trying to get a bit of cash by multiplying videos on Youtube. Many of the comments are just hilarious when you realize how the game really is. However, the 'positive' wave is so overwhelming that it probably influences the judgement of many. I am looking forward for finding the first honest review on Youtube, by somebody who isn't afraid to be seen as a troll.A bad game? No. Just every other car game I tried is more enjoyable. This one simply has no specific quality in any domain.  And more importantly, the incredible hype has no justification whatsoever. If you want something more funky than Assetto Corsa, better go for the old classics, from the first Flatout to the olds NFS, GRID etc, even GTR2 (not arcade I know, but the races, especially over 24h, are still without equal; and it's not a such hard game). They are much more fun. This one feels dull, it's only vain noisy agitation. Even Test Drive Ferrari, despite its huge flaws, was more fun. I guess I'll wait for a career mode improvement in Assetto Corsa.Uninstalling ASAP, as it takes a lot of my SSD. At least I can get this back, unlike my 50 Euros, due to my pre-purchase."
76561198184984367,Not Recommended,234630,15865625,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,zteano,"After playing this so-called racing sim, I'm pretty disappointed from what I've experienced so far. If you are expecting this game to be great out of the box, you'll find it frustrating. If you have all the time in the world and are some racing geek who likes to spend all day tweaking rather than driving, then this game is for you being provided with many options. Especially with all the delays, I expected some finished product rather than relying on the user to achieve what should have been. Force feedback is awful without any tweaks and some RACING cars will feel like a boat! It reminded of me driving an early 80's cadillac. I'm no expert and have absolutely no experience behind these cars but do understand that it shouldn't feel like driving a floating boat!I guess I don't have to mention about the awful AI but will remind you that it will ruin your game play most of the time, especially if you're not at pole position. No wonder this game have an achievement that rewards you to finish first after a crash in the first corner...lol.If the developer decides to fix all this and provide us user with at least the base minimum at default, it would have been great as it does have the potential."
76561198033599007,Recommended,234630,15957824,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LethalLawndarts,"I haven't had a ton of time on this yet but from 5 hours of trying out most of the modes I have nothing bad to say about the game! The front end menus look slick and are very easy and smooth to navigate! There's a great selection of tracks and a decent selection of cars. This definitely isn't the car collecting game though as you won't find nearly as many cars as Gran Turismo, but every car that is relevant to racing is basically here (Kart, Touring, Rally, F1, Nascar, All open Wheel Racers etc. etc....) I am playing the game on windows 7 64 bit, with an i3 3220, Nvidia GTX 650ti and 16 GB of ram and my Resolution is set at 1080P, Textures are set to high, Car detail is high and everything else is on medium, I've disabled vsync and I have anti aliasing enabled (nothing crazy just minimal) and I also have a texture filter on. With Those settings and Specs I've never been lower than 53 FPS in-game and my HIgh side is around 85 FPS and my Average is about 74 FPS. Considering That I don't have a true quad core and I paid 150 for my card over a year ago I would say that is really and it actually exceeded my expectations. The last thing I want to mention is that my on;line experiennce has been perfect as well, its very easy to create/invite/join games and I* haven't been plagued by any lag whatsoever! Awesome Game!!!!! I would definitely reccommend it to any fan of racing/driving games. MY score for this is a 9.3 out of 10 and if it had more cars and tracks and perhaps a bigger more expansive single player/career mode I would call it perfect :p"
76561198101512867,Recommended,234630,15834609,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,kj6zd,"Since the release of Project Cars, I did put in a few hours on the various tracks with different cars and may say it is very enjoyable.Now to the nitty stuff!It took me a few days to figure out, how to set the video in order to get decent frame rates, otherwise your false teeth will come lose and eventually fall out. The manufacturer states that it is not a Game that belongs on a Laptop. My best guess, you'll be sorry if you do anyway.My system is made of a AMD 8 core CPU, 16GB DDR3 RAM, a HD Radeon (7950) and had really good trouble to produce a decent game play. As you can see all in my enclosure is AMD and there are lots of complaints that the Game was developed with Nvidia in mind and forget about AMD. Not really true, besides I can't proof a thing about this statement. Apparently, Nvidia Cards perform a lot better than AMD on pCars, however with a little patience and a number of tests, it is possible to get up to 60 FPS too on a 60Hz monitor and above Graphics Card.All the AMD gamer, will either have to wait until a major improvement in performance is offered or take what you got, or of course leave it.I'd chose to stick with it, because the Game has much to offer.It is exciting to drive at close to 200 mph in rain and at night, a feature that I have only found in Rally simulator.Pretty much all the legendary tracks are included with the base package. There are cars for pretty much every taste. I have seen older Racing Games, that can and do have 1200 or more community developed cars and hundreds if not thousands of tracks, but give me a break. What do I do with all of that, drive every day a different car on a different track for the next ten years or so?In the end they all do the same, fake a moving vehicle on screen. How good or bad, is another question.So, pCars has just enough cars to try and find the one that suites you best from various different categories.Tracks are excellent and plentiful, pretty much everything for every taste.Car physics are excellent in my opinion, I actually can drive without spinning around, when I was a little too excited on the throttle. I remember, real high power cars do that too, but one can manage on a real road. I believe pCars has just about the right recipe to give you the feel of a real car. It will punish you, if you overdo it.In short, I like the Weather feature (even real time weather), the car physics, the time of day settings, excellent vehicle models, Wheel support, realistic sounds, I am not much of a multi player fan, so I can't comment on that.All over it is very enjoyable.What I don't like, is the limited support (I don't care which end causes it) for the AMD hardware. I am a Fan of AMD ever since Intel used a so called Business strategy, that was supposed to put AMD out of business. Besides, AMD provides hardware at a much more affordable level, meaning, less money to spend for the CEO. (Don't worry, he/she will still have enough to survive)So minus score for the Video issue, since the Radeon could perform much better and we have to run the Game at lower settings.There was a few other things I fell across, but forgot, guess it wasn't that important after all."
76561198088337112,Recommended,234630,22668184,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,David Spade,Get ready for GT3 simulator if you want to play online.
,Recommended,234630,15720326,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cheese,"Very good driving SIM the physics feel a lot better than stuff like FORZA 5 as you can actually feel the suspension and the weight of the car moving constantly through the corners.Reading through some of the reviews that are people complaining that the cars are undrivable just seem stupid to me unless you're some sort of idiot who just sits there going full to the left and full to the right then obviously you're brain dead and your cars gonna handle like a bloody tank on an ice skating ring...Very good game highly recommened for the for hour its been released, it has a few minor bugs here and there but nothing too game breaking/immersion breaking"
,Not Recommended,234630,15766652,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ppchewie,"This game was sold on lies. It is NOT a simulator it is an Arcade Racer, and not a good one at that. Project Cars has one of the worst Physics systems in a car game I have ever played. I have seen some people compare it to Forza in terms of style but Forza is my favorate Racing game and this one is nowhere near as good of a simulator. The game just feels so flat and the cars compleatly unresponsive. It feels as though the devs just said, ""make it look as good as possable!"" and then some lowley programer said ""but what about the oter sutff?"" and they said back, ""meh..."" Project cars looks amazing but the rest of the game is bad. Apart form the thigns I have allread memtioned, the sound desine is horrible. I have never hered worse engine noise in a game. I literaly sounds like it was phoned in."
,Not Recommended,234630,22324898,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,✧･ﾟ: * HOT ANIME GIRL ^.^ ✧･ﾟ: *,"4/10Thankfully, it's garbage. I don't think PC can ever be allowed to have a decent racing game, that might upset the overall balance of the universe.The game lacks basic interface functionality; you can't change the horrible futuristic speedometer you get in racing cars, and you can't even have a rear view mirror in certain camera positions. The menus are irritating and unnecessarily fiddly (and barely functional if you're using a controller), the user interface is cluttered up with pointless rubbish like artificially generated twitter posts, and you have to restart the whole bloody game if you want to alter the graphics options, and sit through approximately 9 hours worth of opening splash screens each time. Hell, you can't even adjust volume levels while in the pause menu, you have to exit back to the main menu; and how exactly are you expected to know where to set the volume levels when you're not driving?The driving mechanics and car selection certainly don't make up for this either. While Project Cars does seem to offer a dazzling selection of manufacturers and models at a glance, on closer inspection it is apparent that ~70% of the cars available are lazily designed, ugly, soulless race-cars which, quite honestly, all drive identically.The biggest let-down with Project Cars, however, is the appalling career mode. Instead of sticking to the classic formula of the old Gran Turismo and Forza titles, this game adopts the insipid ""racing contract"" system of the famously lifeless Codemasters racing games. Earning credits, finally getting your hands on that gorgeous Jaguar and at last having the power at your fingertips to win greater titles has always been part of the fun of racing simulators; this game throws it away completely. On starting a career, the game railroads you into a tediously narrow selection of cars, then forces you to keep using one for an entire season. What's more, you're stuck with the utterly bland LM racecars right from the start, so there's also no feeling of progress whatsoever in this supposed ""career"" mode. The calendar design is intrusive, and sometimes kicks you into round 4 of a race without choice, skipping the qualifying and practice rounds; I can only speak for myself here but being forced to race on a track I've never seen, in a car I don't like, starting in 20th place isn't exactly fun.Don't be fooled by this game; it may look appealing on first glance, but believe me, you're looking for something else."
,Recommended,234630,15899324,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,autoworks,I'm kind of mixed between ProjectCars and rFactor2.Since I only have the SRW-S1 wheel. I had to be tinker with the settings to get it right.(Kind of wish this game had SRW-S1 support)Overall it's pretty decent race sim.I'm not fussy on graphics. It's the driving experience I'm after._______________________________________________________Mac-mini 2.3Ghz QuadcoreIntel 4000 graphics :P16gig ram750gig SSD. 300gig for Bootcamp and Windows 7.
,Not Recommended,234630,15879355,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,OldProGamer,"claims to have feel.. first game ever in racing i have felt literrally nothing,"
76561197982836539,Not Recommended,234630,16887684,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mynock,Possibly the single greatest example of bait and switch I've ever witnessed.
,Not Recommended,234630,15757965,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bunx,"Project sucks, physics are terrible just like FFB not worth your time. Fancy graphics dont make the game. Got bored in 20 min of gameplay lol back to Assetto Corsa  300Hrs + and still loads of fun. BTW that 1.2 hrs that it says i played 1 hr of it was messing with the FFB settings."
,Not Recommended,234630,29805500,Posted: 9 February,all,Hazardous-Drunk,Do you like electric slot car handling?(Horrible Physics) - This is the game for you.Do you like derpy AI? - This is the game for you.Do you like the devs ignoring problems and releasing a pcars 2 instead? - This is the game for you.Do you like a limited car selection even with all the DLC? This is the game for you.Do you enjoy a career that is just thrown all over the place and makes no sense? - This is the game for you.Do you enjoy really really bad audio? - This is the game for you.However it does have nice graphics.. but that isn't enough to keep me playing it.
76561197976222725,Not Recommended,234630,15752010,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,apeindex,"I'm going to fly in the face of opinion here and say PC is a disapointment.  The content and graphics are nothing short of spectacular.However, a driving game sinks or floats based on its physics engine and this really lets PC down.  It is simply way too arcade-biased and suffers from myriad flaws that ultimately spoil the experience.  A case in point is that the F1 cars are more benign in handling tems than the likes of the R500 and the Atom.The sound is also very bad for some reason and sounds like it's been presented at very very low bit-rates.If you love arcade racers, then jump in with confidence, but if you're looking for a sim, I'd look at Dirt Rally instead.  It's a real shame because PC is the best looking driving game every produced and has raised the bar for other developers.  If only they could have done the same with the physics model for the handling."
,Not Recommended,234630,15732006,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,white77dream,"12-18 fps in low-medium graphic settings, while Asetto Corsa runs 80fps in high? Sorry guys, this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ i cant enjoy. Optimalize it, and i will try again."
76561198041803138,Recommended,234630,15768752,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Gently Saturated,"THIS IS FORZA FOR PCThe game runs smoothly on nearly all high/ultra settings, andI'm running all of my hardware at stock speeds/settings. In certain situations I'm seeing 40fps, but normally 50-60fps with VSync on.My system:i5-4670k with an NZXT Kraken x40 Water Cooler (I believe it's the x40, I think it was discontinued)EVGA GTX 970 SC (Old Cooler, before the 2.0)Corsair XMS3-1333mhz (ddr3, stock clock)ASROCK Z87 PRO4 (All stock, no settings changed)Game is running on a WD Blue 1tb, 7200rpm. Loads fairly quickly, I'm impressed.EVGA 750W 80+ Gold CertifiedG27 Wheel, Pedals, and H-ShifterNot a mega power-house system but it gets the job done for sure. I race in full-manual, ""pro mode."" However, I still needed to go into the settings and turn off auto-clutch and other assists myself, anyways. Don't know why.Anyways, onto the juicy stuff.I would recommend this game to anyone looking to get into sim racing. While the physics are fairly good, it doesn't outshine Assetto Corsa. What this game offers over Assetto Corsa is a more arcade-y feel, as well as more tracks and cars, and shinier environments for sure. (More trees and things on/off the track) Think of this game as Forza, but for PC, I suppose. Project Cars, in my opinion, is better if you want to see tracks almost how they are in real life. While Project Cars and Assetto Corsa laser scan their tracks, Project Cars puts much more detail into it. Like on the Nordschleife, not only do you get a prettier environment with a great skybox, you also see all the writing on the track, as well as skid marks and what have you on the apex's.Handling feels good, but I feel as if there isn't enough feedback, and if something goes wonky, like if you gas a car too hard, you don't really get this feeling of ""wow, I need to fix that"" while you attempt to initiate a save while your car is sideways--it kind of just happens and unless you clutch or let off the gas, there isn't much to do from what I've experienced. If your car starts to wildly sway left/right, or whichever way, there isn't much chance of saving it. It's as if inertia, mass, and traction are no longer a thing, and you're skating on ice. Hitting walls doesn't do much in regards to flipping you or throwing you, which is kind of dissapointing. Granted, I haven't played with the feedback settings yet, but the way the game comes, it seems that they're trying to entertain more casual players. More advanced players need to tweek the umpteen amount of feedback settings to get a better feel.I've found on my pedals that there is a dead zone when you tap it. With a little experimentation, you can easily find the dead zone. (pedal is less sensitive, so people that go hamfoot don't lock up brakes/overgas.)For fellow car-enthusiasts, certain aspects of this game versus, say Assetto Corsa, will find that the sounds in this game versus Assetto Corsa are FAR different. Turbo noises are different AND VERY ABUNDANT... I've barely heard any gearbox noises so far. (I have a 5.1 speaker system right next to me, so it isn't that I can't hear it) Engine noises sound ok, but not as throaty and mean as I would like (yes, I'll say it, Assetto Corsa wins engine noises, and noises in general. Further testing is needed)People on console were complaining that their controllers/wheels weren't working correctly, but I've had no such problems with my wheel (obviously on pc.)If I'm in the mood for a challenge, I'm not going to pick this game over a game such as Assetto Corsa (people also swear by RFactor, but different games for different people) It seems that in this game, every car I've driven (BMW E30 M3 Group A, Pagani Zonda Roadster, McLaren P1, Ariel Atom) makes the game feel as if I'm in a rocket ship. Yes, these are mostly track cars/race cars, but it feels a little awkward to me.If you're looking to work your way up into more ""advanced"" simulators with more realistic physics, this is a great place to start, as you'll definitely get a good feel for racing simulators, as this one can be FAIRLY forgiving, with certain cars. However, my friends and I will definitely continue to play this game, because, well, it's a racing simulator. :)I know I sound pretty one-sided with Assetto Corsa, but I've sunk a fair amount of time into Assetto Corsa to make judgments. When Project Cars was announced, it was hyped to be an AMAZING physics simulator, but I think that didn't go so well, so they decided to spend a lot of time making Forza, but for PC. I'm rating it positive because there is room to fix this.So this is how I'll rate a few things;7/10 - Garage graphics and car choosing, I have anti-aliasing and other things maxed out or at optimal settings, and I'll be honest, the car models look kind of bad. The colors are nice, but the models aren't. Too many small jaggies to be honest. On the track, they sunk a lot of time making these shiny environments, but there's so much, not everything could look spectacular. The teasers and promo videos made the game look super bright and colorful, but I'm not really getting those vibes. It's more bright and colorful than Assetto Corsa, I'll give it that, but there's so much going on that the little jaggies and whatnot are showing up.9/10 - Just the environment alone looks pretty good as I said above, if you just realize that the tracks/environment have a lot of time put into them, it's nice. It gives the tracks some character and feels more realistic, but not much. The tracks have the marring and graffiti and whatnot on them, which is interesting to see, while you blast cars with rocket boosters down the asphalt...9/10 - If you're a new sim racer with a wheel (I can't judge on an xbox controller I'm terrible with it, regardless of the game) the wheel setup is pretty good for beginners. It has a nice learning curve. Game is fairly forgiving. In Assetto Corsa, the way it comes stock, if you hit the brakes too hard you can easily lock up your brakes. I'll be honest, I'm experienced and I still sometimes do it in that game. But in Project Cars, I don't think I once went, OH CRAP if I hit the brakes too hard. I wouldn't say the pedal controls or anything are more refined, but again, they're appealing to the new guys, the people that go hamfoot (just kick the brake or push too hard).6.5/10 - If you're an experienced sim racer/casual/casual sim racer (I enjoy sim racers and play them frequently, but I'm not hardcore. However, I turn all assists and HUD off when I can.) this game feels like you're trying to eat pudding with a fork. Cars are drive-able the way the game comes stock, but the fact that the game makes you feel like you're on a one-way rocket ship to the next corner makes it feel like you're just going too fast to enjoy the corners or apex's. Apex's in my experience feel kind of flat. I didn't have an experience where hitting an apex launched me or jeopardized my lap because I hit it the wrong way or something. There's more, but I'm hoping you're getting the idea here. If you race with all assists on, the game is pretty easy mode (appealing to beginners and casual players).5/10 - Physics are really just not there compared to other games. Like I said above, if you're experienced it's like trying to eat pudding with a fork, and you know you can't really do it, but you flip the fork over and try and scoop with the handle (try and make the best of a situation) The physics exist somewhat, but don't expect anything fabulous.9/10 - Car selection is pretty sweet, but I haven't seen any slow cars. Many people won't say it, but driving slower cars not made for the track can bring new levels of excitement; something this game does not seem to offer.I'll be honest with you, I enjoy it but I'm not playing racing simulators for pretty environments and skyboxes. Physics > graphics"
,Not Recommended,234630,15775557,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,kruden,"Remember this game is really not a sim. It's a cross between a sim and a arcade game.It's like something between a real simulator like Assetto Corsa and a arcade game likeDrive Club. Most tracks are not laser scanned and the FFB (Force Feedback) will not beas good as Assetto Corsa.It is still a very enjoyable game. Developer will have to really do something to fabricatesome artistic licensed FFB on those tracks without FFB to really make the game kickfor those who are simulator fans and owns a set of steering wheels.I must say I bought this game for the weather effect which Assetto Corsa do not have.I am loving the weather engine ... every moment of it. So if you are looking for puresimulator as advertised ... don't be fooled it's not, and may never be.AMD cards owner currently seems to have issue with frame rate issue during AImatches, especially ones with too many cars involved. The frame rate drop is sodrastic it's not worth AMD card owner to get the game until it's resolved. I am usinga single nvidia GTX970 Asus with not much issues.The user interface could have been better design. It seems the beta ones looks betterthan the released version. Current one is difficult to use especially selecting the car'sskin can be tricky business. Others including tuning setup of vehicle has no graphicalrepresentations , eg graphs or charts ... all numbers. Given the time they spend ondevelopment and a few major shifts in release date , it's quite dissappointing.The focus quite alot on the career side of things. However you cant buy or buy partsto upgrade your cars, or keep a garage of cars which are made and tuned by you. Youcould however saves tuning setups on the stock models to load them up later.Which is very limiting for the arcadie side of the game.The multiplayer side of things is strange as well. The server searches for games in yourregion as defined by steam. So america players will see servers in america, and uk playersonly the uk ones. So for region with little players you have to literally change your regionon steam setting to get into a region with populated servers to play in.So ... here's my take on Project CARS.If you really wanna experience a good sims I would say Assetto Corsa still does it better, it just doesn't rain in AC's world."
,Recommended,234630,16100683,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,lesscubes,"EDITED 6/9;I'm happier now. I've had some luck tweaking things and making the game run a bit better. The title offers a LOT, and I feel like I didn't give it the fairest shot.It still has issues. It will probably continue to. The upcoming DLC are a draw- I'm hopeful, and willing to pay, if they bring interesting content.I'm interested to see how the game evolves and if some of my issues get solved in more satisfying ways than I've experienced thusfar.Is it worth a shot at full price? I still don't know. But I'm nowhere near as negative as I was a few weeks ago.I'd LIKE to like it. But I simply cannot.Project CARS shows promise. However, as is now common in gaming, it's unfinished, and not in the cute, rough around the edges ways people playing more niche Sim and strategy titles are used to, but in the ugly, broken, I can't run the damn game way...It's got a great variety of tracks and cars (with GLARING holes on the latter however, they need more licences!), It's gorgeous beyond compare, the driving feel is allright, the amount of tuning you can do is pretty nuts. It supports head tracking and VR. Has day-night cycles and weather which, well Assetto Corsa never will, and generally feels pretty polished.Until you crash to desktop because the damn thing is broken. I'm not talking about every once in awhile. I'm talking, drop in a race or practice session, it's about 50/50 as to whether it'll decide to keep running or not. And I'm NOT running on old hardware, either. (i7 4790K, GTX970, 16gb DDR3-1866 and the game is installed on a 850EVO.)  I've seen several reasons why this may be the case, that the game doesn't like overlays (problem if you're like me and want to record or stream your gaming,) that the game doesn't like overclocks... Whatever. It doesn't work for me.And of course, because I only get so much time before it crashes, I don't have a complete picture of the racing elements. But I'd argue that I don't need a picture of anything, when the game is as unstable as it is now. I eagerly await new drivers from Nvidia and patches from SMS that may address this however I'm not hopeful.For now, don't spend your money.Pros:Interesting, Varied car lineupGreat tracksWEATHER!DAY-NIGHT CYCLES!Awesome graphicsHead TrackingBetter FFB than say, codemastersCons;BROKEN.Holes in said, varied, interesting car lineup (One or two cars per class, missing key players in all. No Chevrolets either, I'm biased!)Possible AI issues? I can't tell, they've shunted me but I spend more time crashing to desktop so I don't rightly know.Fake sponsorships and cars abound!Other Thoughts: This game has the Lotus 49, 72, and 98T, the Ford GT40 Mk.IV, and the Mercedes Sauber C9, all amazing vintage race cars. And none of those cars have their competitors represented. No BRM's, McLaren's, Eagles, Brabhams, Coopers, Hondas, Matras, Tyrells, Shadow's, Ferrari's, Alpine's, Chapparal's, Porsche's or any of the other dozens of marques that'd have fought those cars on track. At least the Escort Mk.1 gets to play with that ugly Merc touring car, right?This is a sad trend that has been seen across many recent sim titles. Obviously licensing idiocy by the real world brands is part of the problem, here's looking at you Stuttgart, but in general this is really a bummer. Not a problem exclusive to this title and it probably will never be sorted out, but a thought I felt needed expounded upon.In conclusion, I'll keep playing and hoping that patches sort this wretched crashing problem out. Enjoy my money SMS!"
76561198279953659,Recommended,234630,25152574,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Angry VIKING,"Project cars; the visually best race-sim around even in 2016.I was long on the fence w. this one: Assetto Corsa or Proj. Cars?I tested both and at first I was leaning heavily towards ASSO'. Its customisation and add-on community are levels and leagues above Proj. C.'s. What reason other than greed or laziness that the devs. of Proj. C. hasnt made modding by the community possible I dont know. It would have added so much dept and re-playability. But then again: its certainly easier to sqeeze money out of customers for dlc, if they arent allowed to be creative themselves.There's one drawback w. a free modding-commnity: driving online becomes a maze where you scramble to fetch the latest community published tracks/cars/what-not's since otherwise you cant take part in the races. Since they'r community build ... you find yourself searching the web high&low for them.This is the case in Asso' much like it was in GTA, GTA2 & GT-Legends [Simbin Studios] during the last 15years, and in many respects Asso' reminds a lot of these games. Proj. Cars, well, its hard to pinpoint, but it posesses a style and feel of its own.Wether you choose Asso C. or Proj. C. I think comes much down to taste. There are details which are more 'sim-ish' in one, but then again other features that are more race-accurate in the other. Fx. ffback is definately taken to a higher level in Asso', but on the other hand there's a graphical degree of 'extra' in Proj. C. which just make you feel ""present"" on the race track in a way Asso JUST DOESNT DO.In Asso you may find yourself thinking ""Wow, I'm driving an amazinly detailed sim"". In Proj. Cars - you dont. Your' too occupied beliving that you are actually out on the track and juuust about to crash into the barrier or another car.-One thing which is an obvious miss and quite a letdown is the monumental absence of Oval Tracks in Proj. C. versus Asso C. who has them curtesy of the commnity.The Proj. Cars dev. sell Nascar & Stockcar [car] dlc. But... Nope. Not a single track to do the oval racing that these cars are build for in real life. I refuse to belive the developers are ignorant enough to have overlooked this obvios miss. So, once again the Proj. Cars devs. shine with a developed sense for Greed. Which can only disgust a customer.... And to get that gargoyl out of the shades: Yep', I'm one of those racers who occationally enjoy 'full contact racing', as its for example done in Stock Car races. It has a thrill and adds a First Person Shooter dimension which cant be described. Obviously one should beforehand ask the fellow drivers if they'r OK with 'high-contact-driving' ... before mayhem let loose on a grand scale ;- )"
,Not Recommended,234630,15849294,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,firstKimus,I wish I could recommend this game but my big problem is the shifting. I am using a wheel and stick shift sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt and I cant figure out why. Why not build in some presets for some more wheels with shifting units. For me the game is unplayable without making the shifting automatic or using a controller and thats no way to play a driving game.
76561197994774294,Recommended,234630,15820048,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bigdaddy1266,"First off I like to know what computer someone is using and how does it preform.  I'm running an i7-4790K 4GHz, 16GB ram, GTX780, Window 7 64bit.  I'm playing with all visuals on ultra and maxed out and I have yet to see a single stutter.  Now the game.  Visuals are really nice, lighting, reflections, rain all very realistic.  I would be ok with a little more spray coming off the car in front during rain stints, seems the realism is lacking a little here.  I have played GT, Grid, Dirt, NFS and I feel Project Cars is a above all of these when it comes to car handling.  You have a lot of options in PC to personalize your game play and the challege level and I really like these options.  I was on the fence between PC and Assetto Corsa.  I really like games that lean more toward sims than arcade and I feel PC does lean this way.  I chose PC because it is a newer game and so I figured it would have more realistic graphics and from what I reaseached it leaned to the sim side.  I can't say if the graphics or game play is better than AC because I have never played AC.  The one BIG issue I have is with car damage.  I have my damage level in game set to ""Full Damge"" this should affect visual damge to the car and the performance.  If you slam into the walls enough you will eventually lose a hood or maybe break off a tire.  I intentionally slammed a wall head on during a race at 150mph.  I backed up took off and still won the race.  I looked at the outside view and all I had were a few scrathes on the front.  This part of the game is a joke.  There are no penalties for hitting the walls or other cars.  If this was real life at 150mph a wall would take you our of the race.  Minor contact with a wall or another car should at least leave you with some visual damage and maybe a slower or ill handling car at least.  If you are a player that doesn't like these effects then turn damage ""off"" or to ""visual only"" but for those of us that do want the full damge let us have it.  This is really my only beef with the game.  Fix this an you will have a great game on your hands.   Now don't get me wrong, it's hard for me to stop playing this game.  This is a solid racing game and it is a lot of fun to play.  I plan on playing this for a long time.  Just consider a patch to cause some more damge and penalize me for not racing like a real driver and I will be super stoked.  If you like racing games you can't go wrong with Project Cars, buy it now."
76561198012424644,Recommended,234630,16056554,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,alex.68,"Great game, it could have a better career mode though!8/10Assetto corsa?  2/10"
,Recommended,234630,16071844,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hades The Blood God,"This game is truely amazing, the detail on every car and the environment is truly remarkable. Also tested on the DK2, and it is so life like. Also tesed it with a controller as well as the Logitech G27, and it is just so life like. The game is just engineered so well."
,Recommended,234630,16112846,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CSmithyPx,"Been playing this game since it was a Alpha after helping fund it on Weapons of Mass Development.Honestly it has came on leaps and bounds and the game has become so much more playable and the level of polish in this game is awesome. The crazy detail on the cars is great and the track detail is great too, honestly can't believe this is the same game that I played a few years ago.The online is often ruined by the people playing who will ram you off if you find a game lobby where no one slams you off you will have some great wheel to wheel racingEdit:I got a wheel and waited a bit until I got a new PC and so on and wow this game is leaps and bounds better it is so hard to not recommend this game. I wouldn't use a controler though as there is no feedback on what the car is doing."
76561198008455112,Recommended,234630,16116499,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,kush 420,"this,is the dogs b.o.l.l.o.c.k.s... have more fun with a Logitech G27 steering wheel and 50"" screen"
76561198185100274,Not Recommended,234630,16642254,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,original.1984,VERY POOR OCULUS DK2 SUPPORTsorry but if it says it supports it then it should work I understand it the oculus requires being a bit creative at  times to get it to work but with not menu support and not being able to get the game to show correctly at all on the headset it wasn't even worth the £23.99 sale priceas for the game its self I thin you need a full steering wheal setup as the Xbox control is very bad even after playing around with the settings the cars are just out of control and im a big GT and AC fanthe upside is my money was refunded but not to my bank account so thanks for nothing steam you really do have my money so much for a refund policy!
,Recommended,234630,15720875,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cicuco,Great Game
76561198039260858,Recommended,234630,16041206,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Deadplanets,awesome game    first to give me that classic TOKA feel
76561198148649450,Recommended,234630,16071007,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Senjoku,Awesome. Best car racing game I've played.
76561198085326712,Recommended,234630,16086676,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bigbad25,AMAZING....few problems with the AI doing a few stupid things but not enough to ruin the experience.
76561198003683690,Recommended,234630,16088991,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,=1PARA=Jamm,"Fecking AWESOME,,,, A MUST have 10/10"
76561198109565005,Recommended,234630,15727059,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,simshady,Good game. Great graphics. Good online play. Lots to keep me busy for a while.
,Recommended,234630,16057531,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Truther,Fantastic!
,Recommended,234630,16072821,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Bomples,"Absolutely fantastic game, the detail is just amazing. If you have a steering wheel then definitely use it! while it is more than playable with a keyboard or controller it come into its own when using a wheel. Has a great selection of tracks to race on, a huge amount of settings to play with and a pretty decent career mode too.My only negative really is the selection of cars, while it certainly has a nice selection, it still feels lacking. Hopefully this will be addressed in future DLC packs."
,Not Recommended,234630,16655442,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Slamz,"This game had so much potential, but sadly falls very short of the mark. Firsty there is the frankly comedic collision physics in which a slight rub turns into wheels leaving the floor and a potential roll. Secondly the absolutely ridiculous AI, who will ram you off track during qualifying, meaning you will receive a very harsh penalty for leaving the track, sometimes invalidating your current and next lap. To sum it up, every race is a clusterf*ck and if the ridiculous AI do not ruin your race, the comedic collision physics will. I paid £22 for this, and am annoyed, if I had paid full price I would be livid."
,Recommended,234630,15722512,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Honkey,"From just playing a half hour of this game, it is simply amazing.  Finally dusted off my racing wheel and I'm glad I did.A+++ job Slightly Mad and everyone else."
76561198049006556,Recommended,234630,15911847,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mentor,"The game has very good quality of graphics. Also they are focused on reality as we see. But there is a problem with cars. Lack of cars are biggest problem of this game. They need to make a lot of DLC to produce people better racing experience. Also some cars haven't another opponent team. As an example we can play only with Mercedes in DTM sessions. Also there is a retro DTM Mercedes car and it has no opponent. If there is at least 4 different teams for racing, game would be great. They can't buy trademarks of Porsche so they have Rufs. I wish they bougt Trademarks from Porsche. As a result of that there is no Porsche 919, also in LMP1 class there isn't too much competetive teams. Examples, Porsche 919, Toyota TS040 and recently Nissan will produce a FWD LMP1 car. It won't be in the game too.I wish they could prepare an Retro Le Mans Class. And in these class Porsche 911 GT1, Mercedes CLK GTR and a few more cars could participate.Also there is no Ferrari cars... They must buy trademarks of Ferrari. They did it before at NFS Shift 2 Unleashed. But EA was their support them. Now they are on by own but they need to buy Ferrari's trademark.In conclusion game is good but need to develope. They need a lot of DLC for cars. We would see what happen in the future."
,Not Recommended,234630,15824904,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,REDRUM,"If you have any interest in sim racing, or at least semi-realistic handling then this game is not for you.Save yourself the disappointment and look elsewhere."
76561198031321593,Not Recommended,234630,16817236,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dessa,"This game at first looks great. However, looks can be deceiving. Project Cars seems to be riddled with bugs. The game regularly crashes. I would definitely not recommend you buy this game right now"
,Not Recommended,234630,16846810,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,hugorudd,"Beautiful game with great playability, but a serious and ridiculous show stopper of a bug causes it to insta-shutdown on my PC.  The head of the game development studio is extremely rude and argumentative with people reporting bugs, leading to the impression (the correct impression) that he doesn't give a crap about customers.Painful customer service in a complex and unfinished game. Pretty kickstarteresque."
,Recommended,234630,15930813,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Chasing The Reaper,If you own an AMD card maybe this game isnt for you. Maybe you should have not been cheap and got the NVIDIA series... This game is amazing!! SO worth the $50.
,Recommended,234630,15762808,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SHARPxSHOOTER,"The game is perfect if youre looking for realism but you still want to enjoy the game on a fun level. The visual are abosolutly stunning and the vehicle dynamics are very accurate. The game still lacks on cars and more open road courses, but that will come in the near future.9/10"
76561198057917706,Recommended,234630,15720768,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,no lifers,"This is the most amazing racing game I have played in a LONG time since like GT2. At first my reaction was meh because I was karting in career mode, but then I decided to do a free race and chose the Zonda Roadster and my god let me tell you THE MOST GORGEOUS CAR DETAILING EVER! and then the sound was like a million raspy birds singing the song of the car gods. For sim guys this game is hard as hell which is great.This is one of the best and I have play ALOT of racing games from all the GT series to all the Need for Speed up to the new Forza(which is trash) Project Cars is with the best of them."
76561198086555552,Recommended,234630,15724355,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Teevs,Incredible... Thats all there is to say
,Recommended,234630,15725962,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,CrustyA,"Started out playing Gran Turismo 2 in the late 90's. More recently got a bit serious with GT5 and GT6 and bought a proper wheel/pedal setup.This game is exactly what I was looking for!In GT6 i'm mostly interested in racing cars (not road) cars so Project Cars fits the bill here with its racing car roster.In GT6 i'd have to acquire licenses buy slow road cars which wern't as enjoyable to drive (to me anyway) and grind a bit to be able to play the GT3 race cars i really wanted to drive. Project Cars wins again with the ability to choose any car at any time.With the car list i'd rather have quality over quantity. So while pCars may have a relatively small car list compared to other titles they do seem well chosen as i'll see my self regularly enjoying/using ~50-75% of the cars in pCars while in GT6 i'd only use maybe ~5%. (Admitted, i became a bit of a ""Premium snob"" towards the end, not wanting to play ""Standard"" cars in GT6) But in pCars ALL the cars are ""Premium"" and modeled very well.Graphics.. cant say much bad about them. They're stunning.DK2 support -- i realize its in progress but i've found myself STILL preferring to use the DK2 even with its shortcomings (menus, less than ideal resolution, comfort). I think i'm slightly faster with the DK2 also, maybe more consistent for sure.Sounds are great. Again coming from GT6 it wont take much to impress me, but the Z4 GT3 car in pCars sounds incredible. (esp compared to the vacuum cleaner samples from GT6)Track list is amazing too. I was a lil bummed about no Suzuka, but i have to admit after running around sakitto its an amazing fictional track that loads of fun to drive.The California highway and Aszure coast point to point courses are amazing as well.FFB seems very good, although it took a bit of fumbling with some of the settings to get a good feel. There are tons of options of which i have no idea what they do so i expect i'll be able to dial in even better FFB as i get more familiar.One minor gripe is the lack of explanations in some of the options/settings menus. Some items are obvious, some items are described fairly well, but others have zero description of what the setting is for/does so it'd be nice to have more verbose dialog in these settings screens. Or enhance the ""online-manual"" to explain all of these settings. (The online manual is only a very high-level overview of the screens and doesn't go into nearly enough depth in my opinion)Love the ""Real"" assists option which applies assists on the car which are true to life.Would love to have better photo taking options. The only way i can see is to pause the game mid-race and snap one (or the showroom). We should have the ability to pause a replay and then move into photo mode and move cameras around etc..Is there any way to save in-game photos out of the ""driver profile""? that would be nice. As it is now I'll probably keep using the F12 steam hotkey.Seems very well optimized as i just ran 56 gt cars at road america in a thunderstorm and my GTX970 was only dipping to ~45FPS at the start. [Graphics settings all on Ultra/High AA=High]Highly recommended for and sim racing fan."
76561198118801735,Recommended,234630,15722244,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Psychotic Oz,Yep its good.pro's- Awesome psychis- good wheel support- rain- night time- bathurst track- good online play- Awesome graphics- good cars- heaps of tracks- + many moreCons:- No v8 supercars (yet!)- it seems the online play is region locked so its hard to get into a match if you live in Australia
,Recommended,234630,15722251,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Arrgonot,OUTSTANDING!!!!! It was well worth the wait.
76561198053813037,Not Recommended,234630,16507921,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,matthewhutchison,Stunning game... As in probably the best yet against Grid / Asetto.. Physics are great & I think once the bugs are sorted it could be really good.At the moment Its unplayable to me.. Every time I pit in the car seems to sink into aspalt - sparks fly like I have 4 flats... I also have HUD indicators that randomly disappear.......This game has been out long enough now for this kind of flaw to be ironed out & looking at the forums its not a new complaint... It really is still a project & shouldnt have been released
,Recommended,234630,16711954,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[=AWOL=] Carbon_Slayer,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!
,Recommended,234630,16570402,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Life Pilgrim,"And so, I finally relented and decided to try Project Cars. I already own Assetto Corsa so I'm going to review Project Cars with Assetto Corsa in comparison.Essentially, Assetto Corsa is the winner in terms of realism or authencity (both for quality of tracks and car physics). On the other hand, Project Cars wins in being the most immersive racing game that has graced the PC.Project Cars: THE IMMERSION KINGGraphics are superior in Project Cars compared with Assetto Corsa (although they are not bad in Assetto Corsa).Much better damage model, pit stop simulation, weather, day/night racing, voiceover over comm while racing, much better career mode, and the provision for helmet camera made Project Cars a much more immersive racing experience.My only gripe is the non existence of Ferrari's and Lamborghini's in the game.Now, if you could have both Assetto Corsa and Project Cars why wouldn't you. Unless you resent authencity or immersion. If you're a car enthusisast, those who are passionate about cars not because they are fancy but because they are so much fun to push on the track and because they are beautiful technological platforms in motoring, buy both games, you won't regret it.That being said, if you are after the authentic experience like perhaps you're a pro racing driver who wants to have virtual racing leisure experience then I must say buy Assetto Corsa only. But if you're most people, get both."
,Not Recommended,234630,16635234,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ren Woogsley,"The game was buggy as hell, the sound broke constantly and the car selection was extremely limited.I had the left steering bug and it ruined the game."
76561197971181760,Recommended,234630,15746071,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SpeedRush,Wow! Very nice sim. GTR 3 +
76561197970940291,Recommended,234630,15736917,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,O�tho,"Was it worth the wait? You bet... Superlative, without a doubt the best driving simulation I have ever driven. Driving around Donington when it started to rain and just for a moment, I actually thought I was there, seriously! You've done what all others have failed to do, that is create a realistic and convincing environment to race in because after all weather is a major factor in virtual all motor sports.  To the Dev team that worked on this production, my deepest gratitude and appreciation for this, simply stunning!"
76561198010652067,Not Recommended,234630,23114697,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nipponjayk,'Thrustmaster supported' does not actually mean their products work. Are there any blogs with useful information? No. Are there any informative procedures? No. Are threads full of people who stick to the topic and provide clear info? No. Great graphics but integration is not reliable.
,Recommended,234630,22615280,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,muhbidness,"love this game. Using the logitech g27 wheel. I wish there were more choices for cars. No GTR's, no civic type r, no integra, but other than that it is a realistic race game."
76561198042287914,Not Recommended,234630,26492170,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Baconcheeseburgerman,"Requesting refund. Expected the physics to be better. Sticking with AC. Don't get me wrong the graphics and track/vehicle selection are great in this game especially if you're looking for something a bit more arcadey then it's a buy, it's just not a true sim racer."
,Not Recommended,234630,26720166,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,FC-ARC André,"I like the graphics, but this game won't get anything over 3/6 in my opinion until its possible to drift. I would take Assetto Corsa over this."
,Recommended,234630,27378941,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ツインテールと機関銃,"Got this game on discount with all the DLC bundles at the time for 70% off. I say its worth it. But if its full price maybe not... Alot of my favorite cars manufacturers are not even in the game (ie. Ferrari, stock Porsche (not RUF), Lambo, Nissan (Not even GTR? seriously?), Honda, etc... I expect more cars on Benz, BMW, Audi...Game wise is great. Great details on the cars and sounds.If the game is on discount YES! if not NO!"
76561198133842073,Recommended,234630,25085339,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Muddy1,This is a really good game. I just wished there were more cars.
76561198041783435,Recommended,234630,15807422,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,>proelite<,could not recommend this highly enough
,Recommended,234630,15866072,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[M9G] MrX,"Visual Feast!I like the step up to SIM driving stryle.Though, not completely SIM like. The GoKarts for instance just felt weird IMO. Still fun never the less.The weather system is incredible, finally a game that incorporates pits and pit strategies.The AI can be a little dumb at times, braking heavily and causing havoc on the track.All in all, loving it so far. Highly recommend this game to anyone that is even the slightest bit a ""Petrol Head"""
,Recommended,234630,15914823,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,rauedu.arango,"Fantastic game,recommended to everyone who loves playing good racing simulators."
76561198011923786,Recommended,234630,15923183,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ovemi,WOW what can I say that hasn't been said. The tracks are amazing and each vehicle behaves accordingly... Cars are detailed and the engines sounds GLORIOUS! Driving styles are all there. You will appreciate every track and see your lap times get better and better... truly inspirational. Developed with the enthusiast and hardcore driver at the center of it all. Get it now! Looks amazing on my Nvidia GTX card!
,Not Recommended,234630,15985199,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ok,"Single player is unplayable thanks to the terrible AI and completely stupid contact physics. A slight bump flips your car. Not fun, not realistic, not worth my money."
76561198068589658,Not Recommended,234630,16517487,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jazmine_Aoi,"""the bugs make it better!"" no thanks. was not pleased with this ""simulator""  not enough customizeation and i dont like how the options are set up. no settings menu, and doesn't really explain everything all to well."
,Recommended,234630,16638821,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[7X27] ManBearPig,"Only complaint would be playing online.. Most people are♥♥♥♥♥♥drivers and will ram you and push you off the road any chance they can get just to take your spot on the board.Other than that. Cars handle great, a good ammount of tuning choices, car sounds are spot on, and the small details on everything is fantastic. Best racing game on PC."
76561198164852106,Recommended,234630,16722611,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nellfast,If you think forza should be on PC (like me) you should get this.
,Not Recommended,234630,16739940,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,VERY snabb saab,"Is it a good racing game? Yes.Does it feature a good selection of cars and tracks? Yes, kind of limited but good none the less.Is it realistic? Kind of, but there are better and more realistic racing sims.Would I recommend it? NO.It may be a fun game to play, but I can not support Slightly Mad Studios' crowd-funded creation, the reason being that they already have another crowd-funded creation in the production process. They've released an unfinished product that still needs a lot of work to be a strong contender in the genre of racing sims, but they see more profits in releasing their next ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished product.If you're looking for a good racing sim, you're better off buying Assetto Corsa, rfactor, Game Stock Car or basically any other game in the genre.If you're after a 'serious' kind of half-sim this would be a good game, but I still can't recommend it. Do not only yourself a favour, do the entire community of racing sim players a favour by not buying, and supporting, studios like these."
,Recommended,234630,17335130,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,✪ iBurztmeister™♕,A Awesome Epic Racing Simulator/Game I totaly Recomend it for you who loves High speed and for you who wanna create your own setup and become one of the best racers in the whole world! 10/10!
76561198017438779,Recommended,234630,17439273,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,92,Have over 70 hours on PC and can say with a race wheel this game is great. The cars feel responsive and right. I have spent almost half of my time in game just doing time trials trying to put up a good time its just that fun to drive. 10/10 for sure for any race lover.
76561197993914984,Recommended,234630,15725042,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,mwcharger,"this is the perfect marriag of gt5 and the forza series!  offer alot of vareity in race types, and each series (endurance, karting, short races) has alot of depth.  a must buy.  far better than any other racing game ive played on the pc"
,Recommended,234630,15733780,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ichimoto,"If you like racing games, go for it, because it feels just right, it drives extremely well, controls as it should and it's a great experience!If you don't usually like racing games but enjoy a nice peaceful drive along some cool scenery and long roads in dream cars, this is also for you with the full track of Nurburgring at your disposal and the full length of California Highway, both being the longest tracks in the game at a wooping 12+ miles each, both with point to point configurations as well!If you have a VR setup, get ready for the ride of your virtual life!Get it, now!"
76561198067448615,Recommended,234630,15743736,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NastyDunk,"Albeit not as deep as Forza/ Gran Turismo, this racer has a great sim feel and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good driving experience."
76561198061687152,Not Recommended,234630,15761501,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Saxon,Dont waste your money get assetto its a far better simm this is just an arcade game too much time wasted trying to make it feel like a simm but you never will
76561198035693499,Not Recommended,234630,16813341,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,JediJoe22,"Really disappointed in this purchase. Simply put the game is just incomplete, both in content and QA testing. To sum up my experience below, it's a 6/10 game. Outside of graphics, there isn't one thing it does great, or even better than other options out there. I would say casual race fans looking for a ""sim-light"" experience should pick it up on sale, but the game breaking bugs make me hesitant to do even that. Look for one of the many better, cheaper games available for sale.Visually it's quite nice, and although it doesn't quite compare to the previews, it still looks better than pretty much any racing game out there. However there are several graphical glitches that still need to be worked out. Most that I've experienced have been cosmetic, but one seems to cause the framerate to speed up after breaking . It messes with the physics and throws your car off the track. It's hard to describe: the framerate is still smooth, but it's like your car suddenly has a jet strapped to it for a few seconds. I have a pretty beefy rig and didn't have this problem when I first started playing, so I don't know what's causing it. It only happens in the rain so I'm unable to race in what is supposed to be one of this game's big selling points: its dynamic weather (which otherwise looks great and the ability to set multiple weather conditions during a single session is awesome).Additionally, there are a plethora of other bugs relating to the gameplay itself, but are far too numerous to list here. You can even find an acknowledgment of several specific bugs from the developers themselves, though even those are a fraction of the whole.The user interface is horrible, and I can't think of anything positive to say about it other than at least the text is crisp and clean. I thought Codemasters had horrible menus, but I had no idea. Everything is counter intuitive and buried in pages upon pages, to the point where changing your vehicle's livery is an adventure.If you're planning on using a controller with this game just forget about it. I have no idea how anybody could control it with a standard Xbox controller or Dualshock. Using my Logitech G27 wheel has been fine, but the force feedback leaves a lot to be desired. I swear I spent more time reading through pages and pages of forum posts and guides on how to fix the FFB model in this game, rather than playing the game itself. There are a lot of customization options, but most are beyond your average user. When I bought this game I didn't think I was enrolling in a course on the finer points of FFB tuning/modeling, but that's what I was forced to sit through. Even then it wasn't enough. Many have just downloaded mods to improve the FFB. Bottom line is that it doesn't work well out of the box after calibration.The driving model itself is ok (think an improved version of Need for Speed Shift), and depends on the car. This isn't close to the sim its been advertised as, but that doesn't mean it's poor or that you can't enjoy yourself. Most of my time was spent with open wheel racers, and I felt that the lower class formula cars were really fun and felt good. I tried to work my way through career mode but unfortunately the karting is atrocious. If you set the camera to follow behind, you can actually see them unnaturally gliding over the surface of the track, like some kind of buggy hovercraft.The reason I finally shelved this game was because of the hyper aggressive AI. Now I don't think ANY single player racing game has nailed the AI, but at least they didn't ruin the races. Anything under 80% was too slow, and anything above was like racing your friend in Gran Turismo back in the day. They just slam into  you constantly through corners, totally ruining any chance of a race. After I got into the grove with the Formula Rookie cars, I started a new career from that level and was finally having fun. However I soon got to Sonoma and the AI made turn 1 impossible. Every single time I took the turn an AI car slammed into me, throwing me off the track. I restarted the race no less than 18 times. It happened again, and again, and again. The last time I just sat on the track spun out sideways, blocking another AI driver to see what would happen. After about 30 seconds of just sitting there, he decided to ram into me and physically push me out of the way. DIdn't even try to go around. That was it for me with Project Cars until the developer does some serious work.There are other issues with the accuracy of feedback from the community (I bought this game in part because of content supposedly on its way, but turns out it was just backers with a financial interest meaning that ""they have faith the developer will add the features), the developers willingness to listen to feedback, their intent to fix issues, and the typical DLC/funding nonsense (we were supposed to get a free car each month... so far only paid DLC packs and an announcement of the sequel's funding campaign(, but this review has gone on long enough and you can find all of that with a simnple Google search."
76561198030899695,Recommended,234630,15729902,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FreshBaked,I'm no longer tempted to purchase an Xbox One just to play Forza as Project Cars now gives me everthing I've ever wanted in a racing sim.
76561198135218284,Recommended,234630,15739842,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,capitainyves,"What can I say... this game may just be the first Racing Game to take my overall GOTY gong for over Seventeen Years, Yeah, it is really that good!First, the game Is Superbly optimized, far, far better than most AAA titles as of Late. Compared to some PC's out now, mine, although of very good spec, is a little down on Horsepower, let me see, ASUS Z-87K Deluxe Pro OCII Motherboard, Quad Core Intel Inside i5 4670K at 4.1 GHZ Per Core (Air cooled so I am temprature limited) Single EVGA Superclocked Geforce GTX 780Ti with quite old drivers, 16GB DDR3 Corsair Dominator Platinum DX RAM (2X8GB) atr around 2133MHZ...as said, a bit down on Horsepower compared to some of the ""Dream Rigs"" out there now!Yet, I have got the game completely Maxed Graphically at 1080P, and, even with 40 odd cars on Track, I am getting a Sold 80-100FPS (with the odd hitch here and there, but, thats probably because my GPU Drivers are old, they are the ones that came out with Watch Dogs I think), and the Game just looks stunning, beautifully lit via NVidia GameWorks and with gorgeous Car models, stunning scenery, epic shadows, and awesomely realistic smoke and Cloth via NVidia PhysX, the game looks truly real. even better, it has FPS style Field Of View sliders! I've got them mostly set to 90, but 100 for the interior cam, which I use.It sounds real as well with Meaty collisions (prepare to hear them a lot, as this game is Challenging!), gorgeous engine sounds, in particular the old Lotus F1 cars with the Cosworth ""DFV"" Engine, the ""Hoooooooowwwwwwwlll"" they make at high revs is just spine tingling, the sound of the clutch operating and the lever sliding into the gate on Manual Cars (the lever even goes into the right gates! the game even replicates ""Dog Leg"" first gear on some cars) brakes graunch and moan when cold, tires screach in protest...it sounds fantastic (a polite note to some reviewers who mention the ""V8"" like sound on the RUF. The RUF that makes that ""V8"" noise is the ""RGT-8"" which has a Flat 8 engine..which makes a noise very similar to a flat plane crank V8..so it is the right Noise!)  and my goodness is it L.o.u.d! I am running a Creative Labs ZX hooked up to 2.1 Genix 2100 speakers...and its practically blowing my ears off with the sheer roar from the engines! fantastic!The game is pretty challenging as well, the handling model is pretty realistic, although still Sim-Cade, its a lot closer to the Simulation side of the balance! its pretty easy to spin out or fly off the track and your lap time gets invalidated if you fly off the track, like in SMS's other games, and I like that, I like the challenge for the feeling of acheivement it gives, after all, when I finally, after 50 failed attempts, got the old  Lotus 49 round the Nordschleife (which scares the life out of you in this game! even if it is epically beautiful with all the NVidia Godrays coming through the trees from the late afternoon sun) in less than 9 minuites without falling off the track, I felt like an Absolute legend!AI can be a bit agressive at times, rather more 90's BTCC than current F1, they are not afraid to push you off the track!, but, it's mostly very competative, and pretty realistic as it makes mistakes, it's every bit as prone to overcook the revs and spin out as you are!Handling on the Racing cars is sublime, the cars feel weighty and planted, they slip progressively between under and oversteer, and respond superbly to the Xbox360 pad i use (i dont have space for a Wheel),  The road cars however are pretty twitchy and will spin at the drop of a hat however, so you need to be pretty cautious with them!The game, thankfully, doesn't hold your hand either, very few tutorials, no control hints, it chucks you into the deep end and watches you sink, just like a great PC game should!, it wants you to come up to its level, and you feel truly proud of yourself when you do and are creating custom chassis set ups and dominating with them! no rewind either, so if you make a mistake, it stays made, which makes the game more immersive in my opinion, but players used to rewind may find its absence annoying.To sum up, the game looks and sounds amazing, runs brilliantly, has Superb Quality, is properly Challenging, is the best game from SMS to date, is one of the best Racing Games I have ever had the Joy to play, is far Higher Quality than most AAA games despite being Crowd Funded, and I reccomend it to Anyone who wants an Enjoyable, challenging, gorgeous looking Semi-Simulator game, or who just loves Cars and Motor-Racing In General.10/10, already on My GOTY contenders list, and its still got an F1 paddock full of Free content yet to come!"
76561197966897063,Recommended,234630,15750330,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,barf,"pCars brings together next gen realism like AC or rFactor2, slick online and racing career gameplay like Gran Turismo 6, but sets a new standard for immersion and graphics. The cars feel authentic, and you need wheel and pedals to play properly. Some sims have had the realism, some have the had the graphics and some the replayability or multiplayer edge, early days but Project CARS is maybe the best racing sim package yet."
,Not Recommended,234630,15811187,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Scannex,"This game is pretty, no doubt about it. But when you compare it to its peers as an actual driving simulator, or even a comprehensive motorsport game it comes up way short.Some glaring issues include:-No way to comprehensively track lap times. You will have no holistic way to see how fast you did a hot lap on a given track with Car A versus Car B. You can only see your fastest lap in a given car on a given track by entering a new game.-No way to tell if ABS, stability control, or Traction control are on in game. This is pretty infuriating when the weather switches to rain.-Weather physics are just wacky. Torrential downpour? Please reduce speed by 5mph and proceed as normal. Post rain wet track? Better bring your iceskates! Consistency is just not there.- Again, lol physicshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WdQBpWoXpU&feature=youtu.be&t=22s&noredirect=1- Force feedback setup is nightmarish."
76561198062093861,Recommended,234630,15881601,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Flubbertron,this game is a real blast. it is very feel from other racing games
,Not Recommended,234630,15894597,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jinsle Dollarhide,Not a lot of cars.
,Recommended,234630,15931115,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MostHated,"It's  a good game, but it has a lot less customization than I would have hoped out of a modern racing game. I have been and always will be a fan of Life For Speed which came out in 03, but have yet to see a racing game that compares to the fun I had driving and tweaking the cars in that game. Granted it took a 3rd party mod to do so, you could do engine swaps, build track layouts, adjust all gearing from individual gears, final drive, torque split for awd.While pCARS looks great, sounds great, and plays very well, it is just lacking what I was hoping for, in both the amount and types of cars in the game, to the customizations and mods. If I had known this before I bought it, I may not have bought it at all. Since I did buy it though, it is still a great and fun racing game if you are ok with simple tweaks, and stock, yet extremely fast cars."
,Recommended,234630,15970996,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,smsinger,"I love this simulator, EXCEPT for the auto pit mode. I would like a totally manual pit mode. Also, i would like to see an animated pit crew working on the car."
76561198096094771,Recommended,234630,16315919,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,cityfc123,This game is brilliant- but only if youre into quite realistic racers. Could do with a few more cars but otherwise really good. 9/10
,Recommended,234630,16604985,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ezzgod,"Really like this game, my first racing sim and easy to get accustomed to it. The graphics are nice and the controls responsive, makes playing it a joy. recommend it!"
,Recommended,234630,17996890,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Exhausted hellcase.com,"I mainly play f1 2013 with a thrustmaster ferrari 458 cockpit.the gameplay was great even though i had to fiddle around with the controls for 2 hrs to remove a 90 degree deadzone.the car list is not amazingly big but it does have some awesome cars, same for the tracks.11/10 would kart around the ring again"
,Recommended,234630,18150790,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Neovertex,"I'll keep it short; contrary to the product description, Project Cars is by no means a racing simulation (if you compare it to rFactor, iRacing or Assetto Corsa). That said, I still have a lot of fun with this game. Jumping in to a BMW Z4 GT3 and taking it onto the famous Nordschleife (with fancy graphics) for a <7 minutes laptime, no prior tedious setup required whatsoever, really felt awesome.But it leaves me afraid of going back to those simulators, that actually require me to use proper gears and braking to survive."
,Recommended,234630,15738149,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,RHODY@RGN KC1ICV,If your a Race Fan....If your a Car Fan Project Cars Is A Must Have!!!You won't believe the feeling!
76561198015995054,Recommended,234630,15789582,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Shooter,"This is by far the best racing sim to date.   The cars actually handle very well with no adjustment.  The only hard part so far for me was setting my F430 wheel,   After that resolve,  what can I say the graphics are awesome the AI are forgiving,  you can  adjust the cars to handle even better if required.   I see people in the forum complaining about this or that and my recommendation is to stick with it and you will figure it out.  If you are  experiencing a bug they will fix it. I cant put my finger on it but their is something about this game that feels so real..  ;)"
76561198119643161,Recommended,234630,15865658,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,jellemelen,"Hi there,This is 100% worth buying for believe me.The‘Look and feel’is superb, every needed detail is there.Graphical and sound wise this is a very good race simulator.Using the wheel and pedals in combination with the helmet-view and no driving aids does the ‘trick’.Pro:superb ‘Look and feel’great soundsvery detailednice weather optionsCon:as far as I’m concerned; ‘none serious at this moment’This game does the same positive thing as when GTR/GTR2 came out back in the old days…….."
76561198089847207,Recommended,234630,15884278,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Psychoreaper,A Fantastic Racing game i have to say i recommend this game to all racing lovers that have not yet tested it.
,Recommended,234630,15888021,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,trade.tf | Snipe Gaming,Awesome! Great game
,Recommended,234630,16180127,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,checker_guy,This is the new difinition of racing sim. Escpecially if it was developed hand in hand with Oculus. This would be quite awesome with a VR headset.
,Recommended,234630,16301309,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,truckfactory180,Great game and lives up to my expectations!
76561198250695356,Not Recommended,234630,18100752,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,dmjracing,"Worst game physics ever , with any car even with traction control on you have uncontrollable wheel spin and the rumble strips are undrivable as they launch you of the track and same thing with touching a bit of the grass it just sucks you on to the grass seemed a lot worst with the karts and formulas all of this playing with an xbox controller that works fine with the f1 games i have . ive tried setting up the controller like in the forums helped a bit but i just think they've got it totally wrong with this game compared to real life racing"
76561198115050214,Recommended,234630,18161916,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,fabi1926,"Very cool game with a nice graphic. I really recommend this game for everybody who has fun with racing games, because there are so many possiblitys for the race setting."
,Not Recommended,234630,18206357,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,All the Single Furries,"I want to like this game, but it falls short to other racing sims and simcades. The roster is strong, the driving is great, and the tracks are represented well from their real life counterparts. Physics are top notch giving each vehicle its own unique quirks and driving styles, but the short list of available vehicles and limited customization leave a lot to be desired.While earlier games (shift 2 and shift) from the devs had bugs of their own, they were easily fixable through editing files. Although the game also suffered from a small roster, cars could be upgraded, tweaked, modded, and personalized by the player. Not possessing the same complex physics however like Project CARS shift 2 and 1 were both delivered an enjoyable racing experience that was more varied than the rigid and strict environment Project CARS offers.There's also the penalty system that was created by Stalin himself. Touch the grass? INVALIDATED. Go wide and slow down? INVALIDATED. Hit a wall or car? INVALIDATED. Personally it’s comical to read in patch notes how penalty implementation is constantly being tweaked and updated to be ""fair"" under the guidance of the community. There's nothing fair about it when 6 inches off the track on the backend of Nurburgring instantly invalidates your current time as well as the time for the next lap because going wide in a turn was such an advantage. The community must be full of simracing Hitlers never even spending a second on an actual track that want to make sim driving harder than real life for 'muh realism.'With Forza 6, Horizon 1 and 2, Grid, and Shift offering a better simcade experience with customization, and Iracing, Simbin, RaceRoom, and RFactor offering a better simulator, it's hard to explain what Project Cars is striving to be. Unlike niche games like DiRT Rally that offer an entirely different motorsport discipline, Project Cars is competing with other platforms that simply do it better with more to offer. Even Assetto Corsa, which is in a similar state as Project CARS, at least gives the ability for consumers to add their own cars, tracks, and other mods to the game.Project CARS needs a defining quality that sets it apart from the rest of the available sims and simcades while delivering a less restrictive playstyle. Pretty graphics and physics can only go so far if the content and game mechanics are lackluster."
,Recommended,234630,19479202,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kyruss,"I liked messing around on this game when I first got it but now I got a G27 and I just can't get a handle on the physics. Trying to do a Carrer in a Boss302 Mustang and when you first get out on the track it's like driving on ice. I know racing tires get better grip after a couple warm up laps but I feel the cold tire physcs are just way too drastic. Maybe it's just different from iRacing and since I played that SO much I can't switch over.Anyway, the graphics are beautiful and sound effects are great"
,Recommended,234630,15731564,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ᛅᚢᚱᛁᛋᚢᛁᚴᚬ,The best way to train is to race on Nürburgring Nordschleife on a thunderstorm at night.
76561198079429860,Recommended,234630,15900588,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Flax,"This game is phenominal, the graphics are phenomenal and the effort that has gone into doing and developing the feel of the cars is second to none. The fact that actual fans and racing drivers have helped with the development process of the game means that this game meats most of the targets and goals that the typical racing game user's want.Pro's:The in game wheel configuration is brilliant giving you a visual aid when setting up the wheel and also then allowing you to modify your wheel to you r comfort and convenience.The graphics on the game are second to none, 60FPS matched with the unreal graphics means that it is by fair the prettiest racing game on the market so far. The closet to this game on the PC would have to be AC but this is still miles of this game.The feel of the cars after you have optimized the settings are brilliant, it can take some time to get the right set up but when you get it right there is no better feeling. The FFB is brilliant and the feel that the wheel gives mid corner is unbelievable.The career aspect of the game is brilliant. The diversity of options that the games give to you is brilliant and genius. For the hardcore racers who want to prove there skills in each category of cars can start at the karting levels and progress right through to LMP1 or Formula A. Or you can skip straight to the top level of racing without messing about.Con's:There are a few major bugs that the game has but i can reassure you that every bug I have had has been easily sorted with either a update or change to the settings.The AI at the moment are very aggressive, they do give up when you go for a pass until they no for certain there is no chance which is a good thing but this then does open the door to them trying to perform some really pathetic moves which send you spinning into the wall.Overall this game could be a contender for game of the year if not racing game of the year, the graphics matches with the driving aspect of the game has even start to catch the attention of none racing game fans.10/10"
,Recommended,234630,16316764,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Norns,GOAT
76561198213456644,Recommended,234630,16359650,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,vikingkombat,"1.  First off, I have an AMD card and this game runs great and looks amazing.seems everyone with amd cards just need to upgrade.2. The cars handle and feel more realistic than IRacing. You do need to spend the time setting  them up.3. So many tracks ,4. Buy it , 9/10"
76561198070735090,Not Recommended,234630,16709079,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,JesseFresh,"Project Cars is a solid racing simulator, although it loses its ""new car smell"" relatively quickly. I had been waiting for this game for a long time, and now that I've played it, I can't say it was 100% worth the anticipation. What throws me off early on in the game is the ridiculous amount of time they force you to race go-karts for before you can start racing real vehicles. I spent a solid 5 hours working through two full seasons of go-kart races before I was able to move up to an actual car. Also, I prefer having to earn and save money to go and buy the car I want like in Gran Turismo or Forza, but with Project Cars there is no money system, and your rewards for winning races comes in the form of racing team contract offers which net you a new car to race with. Don't expect any visual customizing either, aside from preset paint schemes.Its a good game with a good selection of tracks and cars, but it lacks the refinement and small details that other racing games have gotten right in the past (the surprisingly low resolution images of each vehicle when you are picking out the car you want to race with in Free Mode and the non-controllable, PAINFULLY slow panning camera when you want to look at the actual vehicles come to mind).You will most likely enjoy the game if you are into racing games, but don't expect to get the same 200-300 hours out of it like you did with Gran Turismo back in the day.Update: Game crashes every 10 min or less. For some reason I was able to play the first 6 hours with only one or two crashes, but now I can't make it through a single race without it freezing up. I probably won't be buying Project Cars 2, and its offensive that you would start developing a new game before the first one is completely stable. One more customer lost."
,Recommended,234630,16710729,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,boosting,loving it <3
,Not Recommended,234630,16724865,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SeeNoWeevil,"Enjoyable for the most part but feels incomplete and full of bugs. Menus and interface are confusing and seem to forget settings often. Difficulty is not balanced at all through different events and classes making it impossible to get the right challenge. Graphics are great in places, underwhelming elsewhere. The anti-aliasing seems incredibly inefficient and performance through the most demanding sections is poor. Maintaining 1080p60 is difficult even with top-tier hardware. I'd struggle to recommend the game in its current state, at full price at least."
76561198121741266,Recommended,234630,17663560,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Serial187,"Hard brake, downshift, 3rd, turn in, clip apex hammer it. If you love racing you know what I mean. Doing the same course over and over until its second nature. My best so far is only 14th on Dubai's International track. Ill work on that. As for this game it is one of the most realistic racing games I've played. I thoroughly enjoy being able to ""feel"" the car. I think Project cars has nailed this. Graphics are insane, especially at night with heavy rain and fog In-car view. Epic.  This game is for beginners and Pro's alike.Highly recommending a racing wheel for this game, then again there are quite a few people using controllers with good lap times.See you on the track. Cheers"
76561197971545460,Recommended,234630,17692424,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Skelm,"Well i ummed and aahhd about buying this game for ages and reading a fair wack of the reviews i was still in two minds when i did buy it, but i am a car game nutter.me and a friend have been sitting side by side every sunday night and racing each other for years. we have played many hours of the following,we started with grid 1, then we went on tolive for speed(we still play this every now and then), then grid 2 (neither of us enjoyed this), then grid autosport (meh), then assetto corsa (we both have over 200 hours logged)and nowits project cars all the way.of all of these the best comparison for pcars would be ac and for me pcars smashes ac.First thing i can recommend is spend some time setting up and dialling in your wheel and ffb settigns, when i first got pcars my first impressions were i had just wasted my money on a verypretty arcade racer. however because i spent the money i decided to get into setting up my wheel.i have a g27 and my mate uses a dfgt. after about 3 hours of fiddling, googling,testingi can report it was well worth it and it transformed the game into simulation splender, another point i feel some people miss is there is two screens of ffb settings per vehicle in thescreens where you can edit each cars setup and after getting the main feel of the cars right , setting these right brings the driving ffb to a new level. i feel just about everythingi want about what the car is doing. these ffb settings in the car setup seem to be consistant with all vehicles for me, i mean i use the same settings in the car setup ffb for all cars.also wipping up a lil spreadsheet of settings to print out was a time saver for me to remember what was what during testing phase.my mates dfgt settings were different to mine to getthe feel he likes but the car setup ffb settings are the same for us both.once this is all done tho ..o my. we went backe on assetto corsa and did not really like it any more, best descriptionis that it feels like the cars drive on one central wheel at the centre of gravity in assetto corsa now.graphics in project cars are just incredible , the level of detail is spectacular and the time cycle with day and night is awesome and the weather i love, the rain is really for fun and icant drive in the wet very well , especially with dry tyres on lol. the ai what lil i have done with ai was fun , i allways set then low skill and skip all the qualify and see if i can getto first before end of race but i play the career mode just for messing around tbh, its time trials and online for me.so to rap it up, if you like car games and are a lil worried by reviews accept that you will need some time and effort to setup your wheel and ffb settings, but after that you are goingto have the most fun you had in ages , i think i got 60 odd hours now and the game still gives me that lil boy chuckle and makes my butt clench during races :D"
76561198011115907,Recommended,234630,17978504,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Razor,I have many racing games and this is by far the best one!! it really feels like driving the real thing and me and my friends have hours of fun....
,Recommended,234630,18156575,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Funbit,Good steering wheel + head tracking device + Project CARS = Better than real life driving experience!Just take a look at these video and you'll understand what I'm talking about:https://youtu.be/XGePS0xRU2s?t=29https://youtu.be/08CjMJKgAmo?t=55https://youtu.be/stiFsh-1aH4?t=45
76561198110397731,Recommended,234630,18212831,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Im Pink Your Dead,Project CARS has been one of the best racing games I have played the game runs very well on my PC.The only thing I would like to point out is that on some computers with less RAM the game might run a lot slower so something to keep in mind
76561198095181458,Recommended,234630,18698547,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Morturiom,"this game is only for good drivers.some cars are realy hard to drive, but i like it.and the sound of some cars are realy good [formula A]but still it got some weird glitches For example, invisible walls and stuff.single player- is good but the AI some times are a little bit too agressive.multi player- in online there is not a lot of lagg, but there are always people who drive everyone off the tracki really like this game but it got his problems. i give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,234630,19600328,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ZARA 蛾,this game is getting better and better. still on developing but its playable.  looking forward to adding cars.
,Recommended,234630,15720018,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Best Friend,"This is just a precursory review, but the game is phenomenal.  It's sim-like enough to give a satisfying driving experience, but not enough to beat you over the head when you don't practice like it's your second job.  It's everything I was hoping for... something like a GT/Forza for PC.  So far I've only tried the shifter karts and did a few laps around the Nordschleife in an Ariel Atom, but it's an absolute riot.  Not to mention the graphics are gorgeous.  It also supports my old Logitech DFP wheel right out of the box and the FFB feels good.  I was planning on only using an Xbox controller, but after trying the karts I had to set up the wheel.I probably won't cancel my iRacing subscription, but I have a feeling this is going to get more play.Looks phenomenal on my i5 4690k with a GTX760 at 1080p.  Can't wait to give it a try when VR headsets start coming out."
,Recommended,234630,15721324,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MR80D,"Best racing game for PC ever! Also you can't beat the graphics! However, since there is no customization of cars (except for tuning them) and very little cars to choose from IMO, it needs some adjustments."
76561198021309044,Recommended,234630,15732349,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SmokieDaBear,"Were you dissapointed with racing sims.... or simcade racers that suck, not mentioning any names DRIVECLUB...Well you are in for a treat. THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING"
76561198053617600,Recommended,234630,15744637,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,BEPIS,project cars is a racing game suited to all audiences. project cars is a balance of a sim racer and arcade racer with stuning visual and a lot of content making this one of the best overall car racing games on pc to date. project cars is very easy to get used to and does not have a steep learning curve like other racing games on the pc. I would recommend this game for people who like games like forza and the GT series games as project cars has a similar feel to those racing games. overall this is a solid racing game with content to keep you occupied and entertained for hours.
76561198016431410,Recommended,234630,15762801,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,slippin_jimmy,"I dont think I have ever written a steam game review before but PCars has forced me into it. The first couple of times I played it it didn't really hook me, It feels a bit clinical if you know what I mean, clearly very good but something didn't excite me in the same way playing iRacing against real people did then I put it on again today and messed around a bit with realism settings and I found a difficulty and realism I liked. Keep in mind that I use a T500RS with seperate pedals.Then I got my Oculus Rift working with it and started a Karting career and I have to say I am totally blown away by its feel and imursion. I cant see how you could make a racing game feel any better for me. I came off it and thought I needed to review it . Although currently you struggle with menu's using the Oculus  you can definately get by.  Switching the Oculus off brings up the menu on the monitor, select what you want then switch Oculus back on and your straight back in.I'd sum it up by saying (enter own swear word here)......awsome . I paid for 2 years subscription a while ago to iRacing but I wonder if I'll make much use of that now...we'll see. If you like racing and have a wheel it's a must buy.....if you also have an Oculus its a masive bonus. Well done to the producers  I wasn't a backer this is an independent review."
76561198019198267,Recommended,234630,15779958,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,LawzoL,"Well, what can I say........Had a few things to do this afternoon, but bought and downloaded this by 11am.It's now 11pm....... inbetween eating etc, my day has gone and I have the ringing of engine tone in my head :-/Epic game!This is not a Forza or Gran Turismo clone as such, it's a proper raw simulation and if you have ever done track days or raced on tracks in real life, you will fall in love with this one! Handling is superb, albeit in real life, you can drift a car a lot easier than in this but then may just be settings. *Nope, just read, default tyre setup is slicks.....no wonder I kept spinning out, lol*I have a sh*tty old Madcatz 2 wheel from the xbox 360 but it set up ingame an absolute charm and have better control over the cars here than I had on any 360 game including all of the Forza series. Excellent bit of programming by the devs!The only niggle I have is the AI is majorly aggressive especially in a pack of 40 cars!, but that just gives you the opportunity to flash your headlights on and off at them to get out the way for funny replays.Gorgeous tracks, gorgeous weather effects, gorgeous cars, it's just car porn really which sets a scene and puts you right behind the wheel of an epic and true racing simulation.I'm running on max settings with the equivalent of their top recommended rig spec requirements and it's stunning, but even without that graphical splendour I would have still ""wasted"" the entire day on this.Majorly recommend!!!!"
76561198129202070,Recommended,234630,15922558,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rev,"GREAT FUN!!!  I raced Gran Turismo for 3 years, and Assetto Corsa since beta, and in my opinion PCARS fits squarely between the pseudo-reality of Gran Turismo and the reality of AC.  I have NVIDIA hardware so the graphics are stunning, and I feel like a pro with my G27 wheel setup.  I know I'm not that good, because AC communicates all my mistakes with crystal clarity. However, PCARS offers excellent immersion and online capabilities AC can't currently match.  I never got into iRacing or rFactor so I have no comment there.  What I can say is PCARS is outrageously fun and full of great content.One final note... I had a lot issues running PCARS with RivaTuner OSD (Exception Errors and BSODs), and since turning RTSS off, my stability has dramatically improved.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME... my new favorite."
76561198104186171,Recommended,234630,16145176,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RUSTY,Write a review?? simple in a few words ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. Never have I gamed such a realistic car sim/race game. I use the Logitech GT Driving Force with gas pedals..even more a realistic game.  I am sure there are some bad points/glitches  but what the hell its just great....
,Recommended,234630,16315820,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,delahmed,"Having been a team member + during the development of this game, I will try and stay unbiased writing this review.I play this on a Fanatec CSR Elite wheel / Clubsport Pedals v2 / Clubsport SEQ Shifter v1.0 and a Wheel Stand Pro. The graphics are slick. The different views are good, I especially like the helmet cam where most of the things out of focus are blurred until you look at them.Short Review: Unfinished buggy racing sim, yet the things that work, work very well. 8/10Long Review: Read below.Pros------Gameplay is pretty realistic.FFB is very good.Engine sounds are very realistic. In game music can be repetetive but you have the option of spotify or listen to your own music.In game options are very in depth and you can tweak a lot of things.Handling of cars is decent and good you can turn assists on or off or naything in between.Plenty of cars to choose from in different classes.Single player career is good.AI can be tweaked from 0-100. This should allow you to enjoy the race no matter what level you are.Multiplayer is packed full of online players and there are a lot of lobbies to join.Cons-----For a beginner, the in game options will be daunting but as you start playing it more, the options are more than welcome.The game is very good in the parts that work, but its far from a finished game.A lot of bugs which Dev are aware of but are they fixing them in priority? Im not so sure.UI could be much improved. i.e. Tuning has 6 main sections but its very easy to miss the sub tabs for each section. Could use breadcrumbs to make it look more obvious. Took me ages to fin out how to change fuel load.Full controller support would make this game a much better experience. I find having to reach for my keyboard now and then. i.e. The exit game button is a X on the top right of the UI is crap. How hard would it be to have it as a button next to all the other options you can browse using joypad / wheel d pad?If you have damage enabled and lose a wheel, you can pit and get a new wheel, however, you cannot see that wheel during gameplay or replay. Who tested this exactly? The car handle like it is in 4 wheels, the telelmetry shows the invisible wheel statisitcs, you just cannot see it. This is cosmetic and does not affect the handling of the car though. But it is little things like this that need to be fixed before fixing bugs regarding smoothness of the sun, moon and stars during replays. Who cares about that?Tire wear: set it to 7x multiplier, yet there is no tire wear for you but it affects the AI. This bug should be fixed ASAP.On leaving pit lane, you get a penalty for going off track when you clearly have not. Race breaker!Unexpected Error Trapped CTD every 20 mins. Fixed it by enabling K Boost on my 670.Hundreds of small bugs I have noticed but hopefully in a years time, they will have ironed out most of the game breaking bugs.I will give it a 80 / 100 for now. Once the bugs are ironed out i may update my score.p.s. I also have had Asseto Corsa since alpha and preferred it over PCars, but now although I play both, I prefer PCars."
76561198063176981,Recommended,234630,16647897,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sailor Mars,"Online race:Spent 30 minutes in practiceSpent 15 minutes in qualityingQualifyed for 3rd out of 25 on the starting gridRace begins, dude behind me hits me, I crash into a retaining wall on the first straight and am out of the race.Its a good dream crushing simulator, that's for sure.Still recommend."
,Not Recommended,234630,16748939,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,kazereal,"Disappointing in so many ways.Force feedback was added late and it is still not properly done, you need to spend a lot of time tuning and configuring to get something decent out of it.Tire model? There are two levels of grip: plastic and not-plastic - both lack the flex or rubber tires. Not really the way rubber tires work according to different temperatures, does not handle properly things like flatspotting and heat cycles so it is not as ""lively"" or believable to drive with.Car simulations are overly generic and simplistic: not enough of vehicle-specific characteristics in the handling. There are values to change but they don't behave like you would expect.Visuals in promotions and trailers are nice though.As a game it might be decent but as a simulator it is not enough to satisfy experienced drivers.Accomplishments leave a fake feeling.There are better choices available. Even previous title (Shift 2 Unleashed) from the same developers is better than this.."
76561197994583010,Recommended,234630,16815135,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,j3ff74,love this game
,Not Recommended,234630,17023437,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,#KushDaddy,"UPDATE: Uninstalled on Hdd and reinstalled on my ssd, game runs so much better. review may change if I get consistantly better preformance.. Still caution though, especially if you don't have an ssd.When the game runs it is a very pretty very fun racing sim. It feels very immersive, and really makes you feel like a racecar driver. The only things missing is maybe some more cars, and it'd be nice if you could buy and customize cars to race with. All cars are unlocked from the start, and the only customization seems to be real complex technical stuff like tire pressure and such, but no big deal the game is really fun... When it launches.The reason for the negative review, is that about 90% of the time I launch the game, it shows the first logo, then goes black when trying to play the opening cinamatic. I have to ctrl alt delete out and open task manager, and then reclick the game window, ussually around 3 times if it is going to run at all, after that i end up ending the task. It has NEVER ONCE launched on its own with no troubleshooting. And once I get it running, if i alt tab out to change music or something, it is black screen again.. :/When it does launch and work, I get from 60-90 fps at very high- ultra settings besides FXAA. So it isn't that i can't run it..  Can't get a refund as i didn't play this game until around a month after I bought it, so it didn't meet steams refund requirements.  This is the first steam game I've had that legit doesn't work. :/Buyer beware I guess..My Rig:  i5 4570 k @ 3.7 GHZ, gtx780ti, 16 gigs ram, game on WD 1tb hard drive.If you have any fixes comment below.Thank you."
76561198098107862,Recommended,234630,17668102,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,murcielagosv18,"Such Cars. Very Project.F****n awesome game,well optimized aswell.10/10 :D"
76561198150553764,Not Recommended,234630,17801431,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dakhelm,"average looking car game, but there is no feeling of speed. I find myself spending more time tuning the car than actually driving. Over hyped."
76561198148663154,Recommended,234630,18010640,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Langston Savage,"My first attempt at this game I failed miserably. I have been a racing game entusiest and didnt realize how realistic the game acually is. After a tad bit of practice the game has become the best racing sim I have ever played. If youre looking for a racing sim, dont hesitate buying this. 10/10"
,Recommended,234630,18135828,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Neil Gorsuch,"This is one of the most fun racing games I played. The controls can be a bit difficult to use at first, but once you adjust them, its perfectly fine. It's a beautiful game graphics wise, and overall just a fun game.Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Sound: 8/10Lasting Gameplay: 8/10Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,234630,18203582,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Angry Pupo,Amazing game its decently hard to drive if you're using a keyboard and if you're trying to use the mouse as steering good luck your gonna need it :P only thing with this game is the multiplayer in non existant and would be lucky to find anyone and a full lobby is like unheard of but yea great game looks amazing graphics are amazing aswell even if you're not running it at ultra pre dec
,Recommended,234630,18268927,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Neddiddley,It is a great game if you like simulators
76561197977263934,Recommended,234630,18513058,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tundark,Cool
,Recommended,234630,18801450,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Maggy_Moo,"SOUP, Magnusson here doin a lil review on Project Cars.For thoes of you who like to have a highly customizible simulation racing game, then you will be in luck as Project cars has pulled it off. Though I'm not saying, "" It's a perfect game and nothing is wrong with it."" I can see some minor hiccups and unwanted features as I find some features for example the the "" guid line\brake line"" that helps u to improve the methods to attack the connors and the braking do not dynamically change for each and every individual car including if the car is upgraded unlike in FORZA 4, but I do learn new things in this game as I keep on playing. The only other complaint I have is some of the collision noises and engine noises are not ""EXPRESSED"" enough as in feeling like u just crashed or reving the car in the right way.All in all it's a detailed, fun, makes u giggle like a little school girl from time to time and intense game; additionally I recomend it to the people who love to race and the rare type of cars including F1.(P.S. make sure to have a really good Computer to play this game)"
76561198115579359,Recommended,234630,18859218,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,x3zero7six3x,"this is one superbly powerfull game, if one dares to term it a game its more like real life, the grapics are awesome, the handling of the cars are real to life, highly reccomended !!!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,18907836,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HerrIgor,Don't waste you $$$...
,Not Recommended,234630,19398487,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nomad,"Properly disappointed. Thought I had found my answer to Forza on PC, the physics feel like rocket league's moon grav modifier, the car choice is absolutely laughable, could not find settings for my wheel or joypad that made the game pheasibly playable before my refund time limit ran out, AI is on rails and it doesn't matter what you do it will feel like your trying to navigate a white van down a one way street whilst the AI is playing go karts on an airfield. Rubbish game no matter WHAT you do to tweak it. Just glad I wasted money on this whilst it was in the sale and hope my refund gets accepted."
,Recommended,234630,19483175,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sardag735,"I am not really a racing game buf, but this game is amazing. I love the way the cars handle, it looks amazing. It really is a must try game and see for yourself."
,Recommended,234630,19529785,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,FingerSpoons,"My search is over. One of my all-time favorite racing games is Codemaster’s Toca Race Driver 2 for the PS2. The game to me was a great combination of what you want out of a sim and an arcade style racer. I liked the fact that you had to progress through the racing tiers to get into the one you aimed for be it Formula A or finally making it to the prototypes. Although the game had a serious vibe you could create races that were just ridiculous. Have you ever raced a full grid of Formula A cars on Bathurst will full damage; it doesn’t end well. Over the years there have been great racing games but none that felt like Toca. Until now.Project Cars is what I have been waiting for in racing games. It is a great mixture of simulation with a heap of silliness in trying to race a Formula A car on Highway 1 or my longtime rival BATHURST. The amount of tracks is staggering if you can’t find one that you like then I don’t know what to say. The amount of customization that is available can be a little overwhelming for some. I started a race and all I wanted to do was adjust my downforce a little, however, I then realized I kept cooking my brakes from late braking and I had to open the braking ducts more to compensate. This is awesome for it adds a lot more options to counteract some problems you might be faced with on your current set up. Under the control options there is a lot to mess with as well from adjusting the seat position to the ignition. The weather effects are great for in rain you can’t see a freaking thing when behind another racer and the lightning blinded me a few times which caused a few fender benders. But non-sim fans have no fear for the game has an element for you as well.The one major complaint I have to give this game is that it is extremely easy at the start. I was expecting a learning curve of DiRT where I got Mario Kart (minus rainbow road). Also the automatic gearbox is one of the best I have seen; I only use manual but in the beginning for feeling the game out it was awesome. This might be a pro for someone just wanting a great racing game to fool around with; my experience it built a false confidence. I went into the settings change a few things: tire wear real, damage full, assists off, and AI turned up a tad. The game went from Mario Kart to wrestling a bear on steroids. An example is my Formula A race. First race manual gearbox light turns green I hit the gas and…I forgot to shift into first gear. This was surprising and also a bit embarrassing. However with my pride taking a hit I had to lower it to a manageable setting that still put up a fight for now.All in all Project Cars is a great racing game that is both a sim and a fun arcade. The tack selection is great the graphics are nice and the in different camera angles gives a variety of viewpoints.  If you are looking for a racing give Project Cars a try. I highly recommend this game. Remember shift into first gear!!!"
,Recommended,234630,19788847,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Lewis_Hamilton,So I went from an the F1 series which is something I was following for years to Project Cars. The first thing that gripped me just from play-throughs was the A.I. The A.I actually attacked you into every corner which was such a breath of fresh air coming from the F1 codemasters games. The issue they had at the time was that they would not back out and wipe you out. However patches were released and I could finally race my seat off. The next feat I love is the sense of speed and this is also twinned with gear changes. When you change gears you feel the car reacting to every shift which leaves a delightful and engaging feeling everytime.  Overall this is such a great breakthrough for a passionate racer and I say it was worth every penny at full price. 10/10
76561198203788567,Recommended,234630,19837772,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,doug.wieser,5 stars isnt enough
76561198127397827,Recommended,234630,20033581,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ElPablo,"Almost hate it. Not as good as Gt4 or Forza 3. They need to fix this version before attempting a Project Cars 2. Avoid unless desperate for a PC racer and get when cheap offers are available. I would have hated to have payed full price. Still has some bugs. Online is very weak compared to Forza and GT, but the biggest bug bear is controling cars. Expensive race wheels may make this a good game especially with VR headgear, but most people are gonna have to play with cheap wheels, controllers or keyboard and that is an awful experience. I have spent more time setting up controller options than playing the game. I hoped it was better than this. Career mode is lame, AI is good, configuration control is good, main interface is weak and uninspired. Lack ingame info about what setting do what and the online manual describes limited obvious info you probally read before buying. The game is not an epic fail but is not in the same league as other racers. It may be worth a shot if your rig is purpose built for racers or you intend to spend big bucks on controller tech. 6/10"
76561197973505770,Recommended,234630,20075048,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Justice,all round good GAME.lots to do not very real but still good fun.
,Recommended,234630,20082416,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BOT (BOT (Pessflaska)),Broom broom
,Not Recommended,234630,20246438,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TL1KS,"Good for graphics and thats it. Physics are arcadey and dont feel like a real car would. Would recomend for someone with a controler, people who use wheels i would recomend Assetto Corsa."
,Recommended,234630,20817473,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JustBasil,"I like this game because it creates a full driving experience, best driving game I've ever played."
,Recommended,234630,20924443,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kid,Fun game
76561197961413753,Recommended,234630,21016356,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,sawer,"If you like supporting a company that frequently releases DLC but rarely if ever fixes bugs, this is the game for you.Plenty of fun with a wheel, a very accessible sim. That being said, there are some major bugs that impact play, and there are no ovals.7/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,234630,22129328,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,(Ghost) Toohhnnee,Good graphics - not like Forza though
76561197964616806,Recommended,234630,22438487,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Boston,"realistic and fun at the same time. commonly, simulators over-emphasize realism to the point where the arcade feeling is lost...and....well....you may want that....but you also want to maintain a competitive feel where everyone is at a similar performance, that's where Project Cars excels....the multiplayer function is great!"
,Recommended,234630,22945074,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Marcio Novaes,love it.... hands down #1 simulator
,Recommended,234630,23146218,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,stubrier123,"I don't understand why a lot people hate this game. Yes it has problems and I don't think its as good as Asseto Corsa or rfactor but its still a decient racing sim in my opinion so here are my pros and consPros:Handling is great once you get used to it. I use a G27 and it gets along well with PCarsGraphics are amazing.Music is enjoyable to listen too.The game can really challange you to keeping the car on the road, one slight mistake and your gone into the gravel or in the wall.Cons:Crash physics aren't that great, I took an formulaA car and crashed it at the end of the hanger straight in Silverstone at just under 200mph and only lost one wheel with the rest of the car remaining in tact.AI can be quite brutal and not afriad to put up a fight but they can be cheeky most of the time by cutting corners or even ignore your presence.My overall score for this game is: 8.5/10It has it's issues like I said but its still a lot of fun in my opinion."
76561197972282343,Recommended,234630,23446370,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,"Cujo, is that you Cujo...","Fantastic. More than once I've actually reached to put my seatbelt on (duh).There is simply no comparing this with multi-screen setups, it's so much better you can't even compare.Best game so far (at least I want to play it for extended periods), even though it doesn't make use of Vive's room scale capability."
76561198066000205,Recommended,234630,24149008,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,davidofthegrapes,Buy this game and you wont have to pay for heating bills in the winter. Just keep this game running on your computer.
76561198078584193,Recommended,234630,24196462,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jaxon,"The game is pretty good, taking me a bit to get used to using a controller again, its been years. Graphics are pretty good and it runs pretty flawless with super quick loading times which is nice."
76561197978995940,Recommended,234630,25336676,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,maggie - B-Cup,real nice game!!!!!
76561198039164273,Recommended,234630,25978700,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,"""Ironwolf""","For AMD users don't make the mistake of listening to the negative reviews I almost did and missed out on one amazing sale. It rocks with my AMD R9 270 toxic 3G which is outdated a bit. Can crank ultra up with most of the special effects maxed also and very smooth. Very impressed , the sounds , the feel , Project Cars is cream of the crop. Period. BUY ALL DAY LONG . Next stop VR. Very soon."
,Recommended,234630,26402902,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mr. Clipboard,"Would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a racing game for its realism.One thing that annoys me though is people leaving negative reviews for games like this, even though most have probably little to no experience with driving high performance machines designed for racing. Thus, they blame spinning out when applying full throttle out of a turn (in a lightweight vehicle with a massive turbo) to be down to a poor handling model.My only gripe is the somewhat noticeable lack of vareity in vehicle brands, though I know there was an issue with getting licensing."
,Recommended,234630,26801609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sore,One of the best driving games out there!
,Recommended,234630,27448673,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Saiboncas,NOT FOR KIDS
,Recommended,234630,27635899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Juuou | 獣王,"Comparison between AC and pCarsAC has better graphics and the racetracks look more real.AC makes the rear of the car feel like a lose cannon ready to overtake you at any moment.AC has the weird intention of completing a 360° whenever you lose control of the rear end even if you're driving only 10km/hAC feels as if you are far from the car's limit until you're suddenly over it.AC makes is close to impossible to regain control once the car was over the limit making a crash almost certain.pCars is inferior in graphics.pCars feels more immersive because of TV helis flying above the track (which you can also hear) and ppl next to the track, firetrucks n stuff like that.pCars has the way better menu and shorter loading times.pCars gives me a better feedback of when I am about to reach the limit.pCars so far makes it easier to regain control once you were slightly over the limit making it fun to push for the limit.I am not a racecar driver and have no experience racing cars. I did do kart racing semiprofessionally for 8 years, so I only have a buttom-o-meter for karts and not cars. That results in the conclusion up above. AC feels like it has WAY too low mechanical grip, making all cars feel skiddish, whereas in pCars I have the feeling I can grasp the change between aerodynamic grip to mechanical grip through my T500RS wheel.Will update once I have more time on both games.However, atm I will be more likely to play pCars as it is more fun for me."
,Recommended,234630,27645794,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Want Beef,Its good
,Recommended,234630,27950440,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Д Ж И М,"I've played a good amount of racing games in my time, both casual and simulation kinds. Project CARS is the best I've played in terms of making driving captivating, challenging and compelling. Predominantly, I've been more of a fan of casual racers, the pick up and play type; mindlessly mashing the right trigger and hoping for a podium finish. Project CARS is by no means a casual game, but that doesn't mean a casual driver, like myself, can't get involved. In fact, Project CARS has convinced me to learn more about the basics of racing, the components of the cars and how to come out on top when out on the track.If you're looking for a racing game that you can sink a load of hours into while improving your skill, you can't go wrong with Project CARS."
,Not Recommended,234630,28113764,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[DG] Seppo Joutsen,complete garbage. haven't found one car that doesn't handle like a boat. regret every penny spent.
,Recommended,234630,28115132,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vicious™,"Pros:- One of the best (if not the best) sim racing game on PC.- Graphics are top notch, handling feels great.- Can be a little challenging.- Different weather optons is a plus.Cons:- Could use better optimization.- More cars would be nice.- No way to change colors on cars."
76561198137211115,Recommended,234630,28138920,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mike,"Project cars is the most complete racing simulator in the market today, that combines a well built physics engine, and well built graphics, if you are looking for real racing simulation with ability to make custom setups for each car according to the track and weather conditions it is the simulator for you, dynamic weather, realtime simulation, and excessive ability to configure the feedback to the wheel controller makes this the ultimate choice for driving enthusiasts."
,Recommended,234630,28717280,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Helppo-E,Hyvä autopeliT. Kari TaalasmaaTalonmies/Perheenisä
,Recommended,234630,28975832,Posted: 3 January,all,LAxTristan,"I have played this game for one day. Reached 11 hours in one day. It doesn't get boring at all compared to other games. It's really enjoyable. The controls feel great even though i'm on quite a dated steering wheel. Some physics are a bit quirky. But the overall feel makes up for it. Wish it had more japanese cars like, Nissan's or Subaru's.9/10"
,Not Recommended,234630,17188040,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MarkMcc92,Cut Track simulator 2015
76561198037711611,Recommended,234630,18892530,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jonfocus,Having played on nearly all racing games including....Forza.....Gran Turismo......Horizon......Shift.....and many more over the years.......Project Cars is outstanding......the graphics ......car handling......realistic AI in races......huge depth of cars and championships.......superb online performance......in my opinion this games leaves all others standing.
76561198168603961,Recommended,234630,18920270,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LOGAN,I thought it was my game but my friend is the only uses it.jk I use it on weekends sometimes.
76561197987339278,Not Recommended,234630,18944210,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Andocommando,"I was really looking forward to this game. I wanted something i could pick up and play whenever and even hop online. Sadly this game doesnt deliver in a lot of areas. The AI in career mode is quite terrible, you will be forced to restart many races from them crashing just after the start of the race. And if you do get a clean start, be ready for them to not care about the race line and take you out. This isnt even the worst part. The online is remarkably bad, mainly trying to find games. That should be the easy part, but with the severe lack of normal filters you would expect, its a nightmare. Half the time you just stop playing because its such a hassle. Ive played this game for months hoping it would get better. I was hoping to stay away from subscription based games, but i think im going to need to go back. This game just dissapoints me everytime i come back to it."
76561198186264570,Recommended,234630,19259420,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,red5q,It's good but need more road cars
,Recommended,234630,19558024,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OhFace,"This game is a mixed bag due it's AI. Depending on the car and track combination, you can either have a great race, or become frustrated due to really poor judgement by them.Everything else though is great! The best thing about PCars in particular game is it's race customisation, so many options. Plus, the track selection is some of the best out there.Despite that one flaw I've have a good time with this game mostly. However, if you're just into single player, you might have to wait for a price drop first."
,Recommended,234630,20327714,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SlipVermin66,Best driving game out there. A reason to buy a wheel.
76561197993273895,Recommended,234630,20672545,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Chieftain,This game is awesome!!! There is no doubt about it. The graphics are stellar. The effects of a wreck are outstanding.  A fine realistic game that is tough to learn few tracks but worth the effort.
,Recommended,234630,23036810,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Goodman,"This is my first Steam review and although I've always enjoyed project cars on and off. Now that it has Vive support I've gone and bought all the extra content too, Not just to experience it but to say thanks to the dev team for pushing forward with the vive support which has changed me gaming life forever as an experience I recommend evangelically to anyone! :)Also, quick notes on VR/Vive support. I recommend an absolute minimum of aliasing on 2x for now, even if you have to set everything else at minimum as it makes an insanely big difference to distance you can see and jaggies/pixels//shimmering.The other stuff (on a 980 at least) to set high is car detail (for up close cars passing by) and maybe the rest at low or medium.Set the screen res to 640 lowest too as that seems to be just for the preview.Also, a small detail is that the two ""head"" camera views are slightly different in the way they behave. One will keep your head movement relevant to the cars angle so that if you hit a bump, crash or go up a hill, your head moves at the same time the car does. That can be off putting for low frame rates and isn't that smooth. The other view though will make the head movement absolute so that if you go over a bump you see the car move up or down but your head stays fixed to the horizon and stays stable, same with hills, it's much smoother. Not sure which is better though to be honest. I think the first is more realistic but might be too much for some ;)Slightly mad studios. If you read this. You might need to have an additional sound option for VR as the mix could do with adjusting for such a visceral experience as VR. ;) Things like road noise, wind, tires and other cars need to be a bit louder I think to stop it feeling a bit claustrophobic in VR and maybe bring some of those great external engine sounds you get in the 3rd person view to make it even more lively.Anyway.. I hope there's even more optimisation coming but this is an amazing start for my favourite car game. Like others here. I'm not even a big car nut but project cars with a wheel, VR (and some to be ""simvibe"" vibrations) is a must have experience! Don't pass on it!...hmm. lastly.. PLEASE devs.. also get round to adding even just a basic multiplayer/co-op career mode. It would be much appreciated!"
76561198032808145,Not Recommended,234630,23127174,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,cmotion,"I purchased this game for the linux version, which has been officially cancelled. the game is probably fine, but developers broken promises are not."
,Recommended,234630,24149393,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kitolo,"The game is great, so far the driving feel is 1 of the best on G29 steering controller. Only grouse there is not enough JDM vehicles .. so go get your arses to japan and start getting those JDM licenses!"
76561198156401505,Not Recommended,234630,24434545,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,gengelman,"The game is seriously good but It hasn't worked past the second day I bought it. I dont understand how a game can go this long without fixing the worst of its crashes, better yet even the most minor ones. Project cars will have you on the edge of your seat tightly gripping your controller rminding yourself just how much you spent on your gaming pc so you don't smash it to pieces because the bloody thing just doesn't work. I want my money back. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561197970900578,Recommended,234630,28638827,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ereth,This is rather impressive in VR!
76561198198006507,Recommended,234630,19759786,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LSTVTC Bradleyj307,my favotrie game on steam so far except truck sim
,Recommended,234630,19800731,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ninjafluff,"Great driving physics and all. The graphics are great, as well as the sounds. The experience with a wheel is outstanding."
,Recommended,234630,19916495,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MooseyPie,"It may not be as 'realistic' feeling as Asetto Corsa (make no mistake, it is also more realistic than Forza/GT), but it is a hell of a lot more enjoyable.  Better graphics, sound, and more believable immersion.  It's still a fantastic game and is best enjoyed with a wheel/pedal/shifter."
,Recommended,234630,19957348,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kosta_006,"I love this game. Safety car is missing and some settings would be nice to change within game, not always having to exit to main menu. But all in all. Amazing racing experience! runs very smooth also :)"
,Recommended,234630,20297939,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Guthar,"I've spent a ton of time in my childhood playing games like Gran Turismo, the F1 and Nascar and recently the Dirt series'. Until recently I would have told you that the Dirt series is the superior simulation as far as racing games go. While Dirt 3 and Gran Turismo 3 may be my favorite racing games of all time, I struggle to prove to myself they are better simulations then Project Cars.Project cars my not be the most polished and finished game as Dirt or GT, it is the better simulation. Here's why:Project Cars delievers the most insane amount of detail to car customization. I can change the degree in which my front bumper is angled by a fraction of a percentage. While I dare not mess with that setting because I fear that I may make my car undrivable. I still marvel in this games ability of detail and complexity.The options and abilites that the player has to truely make this their experience is off the charts. That to me is what makes a simulation game along with the standard true to life aspects of racing.Things I Love/Hate about Project Cars:Menu cursor placement after a race. I know this sounds odd, but after you finish a race in career mode you have the option of abandoning the season and starting over next season. It's like a skip forward to next year button in most games career modes. When you are pressing the button to go through the menus after finishing a race it puts you on the main menu highlighting that abandon season button. Which if you are like me and you spam buttons going through menus you can easily press it and fly through the option and now you have to start over. Even though this is a small problem I feel they could fix that issue.Sound is great for the most part, Cars as far as I can tell all sound true to life and different. I'm no expert on some of theo more expensive cars I've never heard in real life. However I can tell you the BMW and a few of the Ford cars sound exactly how they sound in real life. The small problems here come when you go into a tunnel or a enclosed area where the sound is suppose to echo from wall to wall. There is a noticable change in sound file and the one they use for echoing is terrible quailty and it just makes you jump on how loud and annoying it is.Textures for everything outside the track are really not that great. Everything inside the track is fantastic and gives you one of the best looking games ever.Gameplay is where this game shines. When I get behind the wheel of a car I feel in control. I feel the power of the car under me. It's an amazing feeling for a racing game. That at any moment you can press the throttle to hard and end up sideways on your way to the wall. Getting use to the throttle and breaking in this game took some time. After all that time  I've spent holding down the throttle and not caring about slowing down in other racing games has ruined me.Weather and Time play a big part in this game. There are times where I'm racing and I see the clouds cover the sun and it starting to get dark. Then all of a sudden droplets of rain on my car. I start getting nervious and scared of what might come. I can feel my blood pressure rise as the rain starts to come down. My hands start to get sweaty as I grip on the controller even harder. Worried that my next corner I'm going to take could be my last. In other words.... HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE RAIN MAKES DRIVING HARD!!!!!!So in the end, this game was worth the $20 I paid for it on sale. I would even say that if you are into racing games the full price tag is worth it. This game really makes you feel what its like to control a beast of a car. Or a go-kart if thats your thing.Graphics: 9/10 (10/10 inside the track)Controls: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Entertainment value: 9/10 (needs more varity)Price Tag: 8/10 (10/10 on sale)Total: 45/50 (48/50 with a few fixes)Must buy for all racing fans and simulation lovers."
76561198263129836,Recommended,234630,20582296,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,baileyharperadams,"This game is pretty freaking amazing!!!I have played Assetto Corsa, and iRacing, and this one is better than them both put together! I use a Logitech G27, so that might have something to do with it. The cars drive amazingly, and you can adjust the force feedback, so you get a feel for the real car, but it doesnt rip the wheel out of your hands for new racers. (Like me!) The car/track selection is quite large, but is missing some important assets. I think that there needs to be a few proper NASCAR tracks (Ovals and Tri-Ovals), and some cars to go with it. (Talledega, and the 2015/16 series cars to match.) I also think it would be awesome if we could drive on the 'bowl' at Mojave Boa Ascent. I think there should be some more supercars as well, like Koenigsegg, (One:1 please!!!) Ferrari FXX-K, and some Lamborghinis and Ferraris.Overall, I would rate this game 10/10, 11 if the previous improvements are made. I love this game, Thanks Slightly Mad Studios for an awesome addition to my steam library!!!"
76561198085703422,Recommended,234630,20630686,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,blackghost,A great racing game it just doesn't have enough cars and enough tracks.
,Recommended,234630,20830455,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,✪ εpsilon,"Simple and Comlex, yet fun. Love this game!ING- 69/10 Would crash again"
,Recommended,234630,20940902,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,我允我允丶,nice racing experience :)
76561198279862726,Recommended,234630,21158110,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,PB | Driftmark,"Project Cars is an amazing racing game, especially if you have a racing wheel. It has so many control configurations for whatever wheel you have. The gameplay is exquisite, if you want to drive a fun little go kart, you can. If you want to drive an F1 car you can, the racing is very a good good game weather laughing with friends having fun online or serious head down strait up racing. If you are not into cars then this is not a game for you but anyone who likes cars at all will love this game. I use to watch gameplay videos on this game and they were the most boring things I ever watched. This game is something you need to play to get the full experience, the rush, the adrenaline. This is an amazing game overall."
76561198007219511,Recommended,234630,21599328,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Boggy,Promising!
,Not Recommended,234630,22080788,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,P3rmaBanz,"♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Spinouts going 10kmh,♥♥♥♥♥♥chat ***'s out everything, amazing phyiscs.... Audi still broken on the Nurb, 7th gear still can't full accel or you will slip out... but he guys theres new content for you to spend some more money on, sorry haven't fixed♥♥♥♥♥♥yet, too busy milking me mother."
76561197993198013,Recommended,234630,23141460,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Toffeyman,"If you have a Vive, do yourself a favour and buy this plus a decent force feedback steering wheel - one of the best gaming experiences of my 30+ years gaming.As complex or simple as you want to make it, stunning visually and tremendous fun.Reversing does make me feel queasy though - a great incentive to not spin out !"
,Not Recommended,234630,25039104,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,AlienRacing,Absolutely useless.  I have Logitech G920 wheel and the pedals are the wrong way around i.e PCars thinks the brake is the accelerator and the cluch is the brake.Then in race the FFB takes over and rips the wheel out of my hand as if the game was trying to steer the car. What a usless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198014342094,Recommended,234630,25719706,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Shaker,"Great graphics, realistic car handling, a good sense of speed is where Project Cars gets it right. Unfortunately the AI leave a lot to be desired. What may be seen as banging doors on certain models, the same behavior doesn't work for open wheel. It is literally frustrating and atrocious that the AI don't even seem to acknowledge your existence and will run completely through you. At times when they do acknowledge you, they will ram directly into you, which in turn makes it no different than the average online experience. This is a shame because the handling, force feedback, physics and graphics are second to none. Race Room Racing Experience does a wonderful job with AI and Assetto Corsa to a lesser degree. Project Cars AI are just downright rude, blind and stupid. 3/5 -2 for bad AI in regards to open wheel models, which is what I like to race."
76561197978013427,Recommended,234630,25956199,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ryanchen26,I purchased this game a while ago but hated it so much I asked for a refund from steam because my basic game controller for PC made gameplay a nightmare.THEN I bought a Logitech G920 Steering wheel and pedal set and decided to give Project Cars a 2nd chance. The steering wheel/pedals makes a huge difference. This game is fantastic. I just wish there were truck options and stunt tracks.
,Recommended,234630,28288712,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Soundwave97,"If you looking for a best Sim, this one's for you..The car sounds just like the real thing..This game taught me about formula 110/10"
,Recommended,234630,29067446,Posted: 6 January,all,mambuco93,"Not the car game with the biggest number of cars and tracks,Not the most beautiful racing game,Not the most polished game.Still one of the best racing simulator games on PC for sure"
,Not Recommended,234630,29864990,Posted: 11 February,all,Steve Jobs,"I tried...I really tried to like this game. The graphics are beautiful and the selection is ace, but the controls are a tragedy. I have tried with M+K, Steam controller and 360 controller. Nothing works. They might as well make a steering wheel controller a system requirement because that seems to be the only way people are able to steer without flying off the track. I truly feel ripped off on this. Pretty much all 11 hours I have on this game were spent fiddling with controls."
,Not Recommended,234630,32861100,Posted: 27 June,all,Drakosa,"DO NOT BUY FOR MULITPLAYER EXPERIENCE90% of the players you come across will have never tried tuning their car, and do not understand the basics of circuit racing. Literally any attempt to overtake one of these players will result in either aggressive defending, or more commonly, they will let you pass and then just ram you from behind going into the next corner.Of the 60 races I have entered online so far, I have finished in the top 5 in 27 races, 20 of which being podium (and 12 wins). The other 31 races? Rammed off by a slower player in every one; there is no disincentive for players to ram and no penalties unless manually kicked, and often gives them the advantage.Would be a good game if it weren't for the laughable playerbase"
76561197975595650,Recommended,234630,23355344,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,rleeh11,"Excellent experience so far. I have looked past a few things like the odd exhaust flash when shifting etc but the physics and excellent control and feedback with my G29 Logitech wheel have made it a very realistic experience otherwise. Forza 6 looks good, but functionality the Beta just is not here yet. Just wish Project cars had a Viper..."
,Recommended,234630,23466646,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DeathTrailNL,"Bought this game at Steam Winter Sale 2015, to be used later on with Oculus Rift.I've bought a racing wheel (Logitech G27) for this game.Tried out the game before i had the Oculus Rift in 2D, it's a great game! Think i've played around 30~40 hours in 2D, getting to know the Cars in Career Mode.Since April 12th i have the Oculus Rift, and all i can say is WOW. It's absolutely awesome. Sometimes it's a bit hard to find a proper game without someone ruining the race by crashing into people, but when Racing Clean it's definately the best experience ever."
,Recommended,234630,24296300,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pedro the Pilot,"If you have an Oculus, this is a must buy. Love playing this with my Steam Controller. Awesome physics, challenging and I got it for 15 bucks, so can't complain!"
,Recommended,234630,26025870,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Eirik Ananas,"What i disliked about this game? Only thing I miss is a Lamborghini, a Ferrari or a Koenigsegg, but honestly the cars they already have is more than enough.Great game! 9/10!"
76561198162529886,Not Recommended,234630,28125370,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sanli.emirhan,"Ill Keep it short, waste of money4/10Good variaty of tracksNot enough CarsNO CARRER MODE....."
,Not Recommended,234630,29930864,Posted: 14 February,all,Attacotti,"I want to love this game so much, but I find it impossible to play with an Xbox controller. All the mid/top flight cars are undriveable, and in the wet, forget about it."
,Recommended,234630,18514490,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bill,"good game with very active updates and content packs, may be pricey when buying all the dlc but most driving sims are dlc car pack based now, unless you grab gran turismo/older forza for a console, for those wanting  a nice sim enviroment with good wheel support and single player, this is the game to buy"
,Recommended,234630,18892970,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,gnivrihog,MORE CARS PLS.
76561198034885238,Recommended,234630,19650956,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Blackstar001,"Project Cars is the best racing game I have played in a long long while. A few others come close but this may be the best racing game I have ever played, and I credit the genre to making me a gamer. This game is a ton of fun on top of being quite immersive.ProjectCars really indulges its players right from the go. There are a ton of tracks available, with even more through DLC.  It has them all , faithfully rendered yet highly playable. 100% on game strategy. There are a ton of cars available. It has weather effects, night racing, online racing and a huge variety of classes , you name it. This game is great and if you like racing games will keep you satisfied racing for a long while.ProjectCars gets a 100% from me and the developers keep the good stuff coming. I highly recommend this game for those who love fast road and track racing with just a touch of arcade style. I love this game. Thank you."
,Recommended,234630,19962328,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Slendersden,"Great game. It has good graphics, the physics are good and the gameplay is good. But the AI is a bit dodgy as they sometimes ram you off the race track and you sometimes get a penalty for it. Other than that the game is worth is 10/10."
76561198097313953,Recommended,234630,20717958,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Big Steeze,very fun and detailed game. Has alot of cars and the handling is different for all of them. muliplayer is great too and its an all around fun game. it can also run on a good amount of computers(just to give you an idea)My Specs:I7 6700 @ 3.4 GHZGtx 1060 6 GB16 Gb of ramRuns at 60 with almost everything maxed out
,Recommended,234630,21155965,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MrDeez,"This game is on sale for $20! Only having played it for about 15 minutes, it is insane. I am glad I got it this cheap as I am sure it will be blast when I get a steering wheel and throttle controller to plug into my computer in about six-eight months. So far, as of right now, it is a little ridiculous. I jumped in really fast. Chose a really fast car, so it's all over the place. For now, I'd rather play Carmageddon. haha."
76561198017072685,Recommended,234630,21932096,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Darack,"Project Cars is a realy good simulator if you want to play serious series of racing like gt or more, I've got 70 hours of plays and I'm still loving it! But if you want to play road car, like the BMW 1M, I recomand you to go buy an Xbox or a Playsation, The control of the cars is not event close of the real cars, it's feel to me like I was driving a Ford crown victoria with 15'' wheels on it. I take long time to try to ajust camber, suspension and everything and it still feel like a boat. On this point I'm realy disapoint. but for the racings class is a very recomendable game!"
,Recommended,234630,22949109,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,travelingdaz,"I've been holding off playing, waiting for HTC Vive support.The Game is soooo good in VR..Throw in the Logitech G920 Steering Wheel and pedals and you can almost smell the petrol.....Go-Karting is Especially goodRecommended if you have VRIt does take some serious GPU power to get crystal clear distant anti-alaising,but it doesn't take anything away from the game if you don't...."
76561198000929290,Recommended,234630,23027655,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,wowogiengen,"Short but all i have to say8 / 10 PointsA bit is missing :Copy of controller settings from one to another.AI Cars cannot be destroyed - accidents dont matter to them - no damage, no delay after they crashed..."
76561198233662408,Recommended,234630,24278254,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JMc48,"Excellent game, if you've managed to spend time looking into the ffb on various sites.I seriously wanted to refund this after the first hour,the ffb on a g27 was terrible on defaults.Sorted it out,,took a couple of hours but glad i did.It captures the feel of racing better than some of its rivals, graphics are excellent on a decent rig.If you have pace, exactly know the braking points , the AI are fun to race. If you don't have pace, then they will steamroller you.It's certainly not perfect, but does more right than wrong imo.Been playing offline mostly getting used to the cars and tracks...Checking online , hopefully can add friends with some clean drivers.I'm late to the party, but i'm enjoying this game."
76561198304521645,Recommended,234630,24308844,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,<@}}}}><,"This game, coupled with my Vive and Logitech G27 wheel is AMAZING!! From the career mode to multiplayer online, it never gets old. I LOVE driving and driving games and this hits the mark on the bullseye!! These guys with 3 screens have no idea what they are missing. Driving in VR in incredible and so lifelike, you will forget you are playing a game. I've had this only 2 weeks and my lawn needs mowing, my garage needs cleaning, but it can wait. You owe yourself for all the great things you do. GET THIS GAME and come race with me!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,29815291,Posted: 9 February,all,calderracrusade,"Total junk. I'm a longtime racing fan. I've played Gran Turismo from version 1 on. I've played Forza 2 and up. I've played iRacing, I've driven actuals cars in performance settings. I know cars and car games. It took me five tries to find a control setup that would let me control my car enough to get it around for my first lap, and after an hour of attempts I'm just uninstalling this game.Some things that are broken:The menus and user experience. I started using a controller because this game claims to support one. I pick ""pro"" difficulty which is supposed to turn all assists off, jump in a car and- it's stuck in automatic transmission. And there's no controller menu in the options menu, I have to exit the race to fix my settings. What crud! Did I mention all the annoying ""welcome to the game"" dialog that pops up on every new screen? Don't worry, it didn't actually explain any of this for me! And on one attempt to get into a car, for some reason my car won't move. No explanation why, no visual minder, it's just not moving. Turns out you can map a button to start your car- but next time I load the exact same mode, my car starts itself! Was that a bug? Did I hit a button? Who knows! Totally useless user experience, just awful. Don't even get me started on how you can't just hit ""right"" to go right on the menu options, once you hit the rightmost option you're not told that you need to hit RB to go to the next page. Who designed this? If I'm on the rightmost option and I hit right, put it together dummy, I want to go right.Controller support just doesn't work out of the box. I used an Xbox 360 controller, and the default settings were unusable. This from someone who can pick up any game in either the Gran Turismo or Forza line at any time. It's absolutely the fault of the controller support. They wanted to rope in those gamers, and they failed.Triple monitor support doesn't exist. There are some tricks you can use to force the game to run on 3 monitors, but out of the box, proper triple monitor support just isn't included. For anyone not in the know, you use triple monitors so you can see left and right during gameplay without using a control. It makes looking ahead in turns, or online racing with other people, a lot easier. This game? Nope. Have to trick it using external support.I'm already finding problems with the driving model- as many people note, track elevation is grossly exaggerated so that a track with slighy undulations looks like you're driving straight up the side of a mountain. Famous tracks are borderline unrecognizable, cartoony versions of themselves. Cars get into ""tank-slappers"" way too easily- clearly it's exaggerated just because someone thought that ""hard to control"" meant ""realistic"". All that means for me is that I have to fiddle even more with the terrible controller settings because I'm constantly fighting a car that wants to go sideways on hills that are straight out of a cartoon.I'm done. This game is a pile of junk. Do not buy."
76561198063968845,Not Recommended,234630,29881905,Posted: 12 February,all,Masquerade,Cars handle terribly and either spin out of control or don't turn at all even with all assists on and amateur settings
76561198052580545,Recommended,234630,18133238,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Prof.Mokster57,personally i prefer this game more than assetto corsa. why? it is becos of their career game mode!!!! it is better than assetto corsa!!!! but in terms of car physics......assetto corsa is clearly the winner. but still if we compare the graphics project cars has better gaming graphics!!! so in conclusion......i strongly recommend this game who likes the arcade kind of driving physics and also if they are looking for a game where they can enjoy the beautiful graphics of a racing game!!!
76561198039492796,Recommended,234630,19587517,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,darkangelire,"I highly recommend this racing sim, it's fun & it looks amazing"
,Recommended,234630,19967270,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FunkyFeatures,"Gets a solid 5/7 =)I have had a lot of racing games, and this one is my favorite racing sim of all time. Assetto Corsa got nothing on this, and I really do mean it. Racing around the Nordschliefe is both relaxing and entertaining. Multiplayer is not cancerous, people actually race and don't crash into you unlike other racing games.What I would wish, is that it had more street cars. It is very race focused of course since it is a race sim, but I would love some more street cars such as the Cayman GT4 or the Corvette C6 Z06 - track hybrids, and definitely would like some concept cars like Gran Turismo has (FT1 and when the Porsche 918 was a concept)"
,Recommended,234630,20624708,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Le Crab,"Great game, just one small thing....WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE 918, LA FERRARI, HURACAN, AGERA...ANYTHING?!??!?!?!?"
,Recommended,234630,20662366,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Migdress,"Best racing game ever, except for two things.The first one: the physics when a car is raised to the air in a crash is very unreal, looks like the car has an extreme gravity forze and goes down so quickly. Also when the car has half flips, it's like the floor of the track has obstacles or something making the car crashing with something invisible against the floor.The second one: This game may has the best crash simulation of racing games. but still looks bad in slow motion replay. It would be the perfect game if the developers includes a crash simulation like BeamNG Drive."
,Recommended,234630,20948164,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,)¤Nightkills¤(,Love this game and whit a race wheel and shifter and all 3 pedals its like a real car <3 good job keep it up <3
76561197982700607,Recommended,234630,23505450,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ER1962,I've purchased this game just for the eye candy and was blown away of its mechanics.
76561198149946755,Recommended,234630,24025537,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LionsTheBoss,"Project Cars delivers amazing graphics and pretty good physics at a fair price of $35.99 CAD. The game runs on integrated graphics at high to medium settings with a playable 35 to 45 fps at 1920x1200. The wheel support is very good, while controller support could be improved. The games campaign and multiplayer modes are very fun to play around with.If you're looking for good graphics in return for ok physics, buy this. If you're looking for good physics in return for ok graphics, buyAssetto Corsa."
,Recommended,234630,24115806,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Michelangelo,"Besides every other good review about these game (and they are right), if you have an HTC VIVE.... BUY this game.My first test event with the HTC VIVE, I choosed a Pagani Zonda....during the first straigh line, I put the pedal to the metal and oh my god...goosegumps!I´ve started testing different cars, I´ve started the pilot career...even with KARTINGS...the game is amazing...and in VR is useless to explain it..you need to feel it !!!!"
,Recommended,234630,25541167,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gro0kie,"Fun game with nice visual effects, but it feels more like an arcade racer with tuning than a sim.Still a good game but for a better sim racer, Assetto Corsa is amazing."
76561198253782838,Recommended,234630,25981378,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Yeager,"Pros: Great visuals, great sound, great force feedback on my g29.Cons: No American tracks, not many cars (Not even Lamborghini or Ferrari). Needs more direction you just play, there is no progression, you have all the cars at your disposal in the beginning, it takes the fun out of part of it to slowly unlock more cars and get to choose what to use in a race.8/10, overall: Great"
76561198078457883,Recommended,234630,28763795,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ricogs400,"Bought it for the Vive and have really enjoyed it for VR racing.  I got out of racing games for a while and when I tried the free Pagani version. it sold me on the experience.  I have to turn everything down to low because of my GTX970, but it still runs fairly well and I'm willing to accept less eye candy for the experience.  I'm sure it will improve when I do my new build next year.Great feel of sitting in the car and being able to look around at the competition and into turns."
76561198106970583,Not Recommended,234630,16050514,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ya boi Stwie 3k#yolo,"Now I Race in real life and I have to say that every racing game is still hard for me but this game takes that to a new level I only played for about 1 and a half hours and i can tell you if you don't understand the heel pressure, Break pressure, and esc. even a little leave this game alone. This is definitely a hardcore racing game if you want to drift they may has well made the car tell you ""are you crazy drifting in a car!"". But there is some good parts unless hardcore is good for you THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING but with good graphics comes issues like RUBBER BANDING, and tremendous lag!!!!My computer doesn't have a bad a graphics card its actually pretty good its a nividia 700 series and i run the game on all medium so to me this is unacceptable. 5/10"
76561198050536947,Not Recommended,234630,16213192,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,saltpeanuts,"This game would be amazing if it were actually finished yet. Too many bugs to mention - some game breaking, some are minor but extremely annoying. The AI is an abomination. At higher difficulties the opponents are extremely agressive. Above 85% it's practically a bloodbath. Below that you can zoom by the entire pack at the start of the race and finish with a 10 second gap to 2nd. Very disappointing.Hopefully Ian Bell can get it together and actually finish this game because I think it would be fun to play if it were properly done."
76561198166351973,Recommended,234630,16954667,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,PJ Dunham,"Great Title, great look, great racing, very profesional, you seriously need to put time into it and not just check out the jaw dropping gfx.Ok time to get real.This title feels every bit as complete and tight feel as GTR, GTR2, GTL, Race series...pretty much where PCars came from.It has its flaws, yes they are being worked on but with mass dev over 3 main platforms PC ( 5 years ) XBOX ONE, PS4 less than 2 years it has problems..Physics on race cars are very good and once some tire issues sorted will be awsome.Physics on road cars/ tires... rubbish... simple as that.Tracks are awsomeWeather effects are awsome BUT has draw backs in pre scripted career mode weather is time scaled and i guewss it rains ALOT in UK cause it RAINS alot in PCars.Multiplayer is good but with no penalty system in place its worse than GT5 was online with free PSN network a total joke.Overall and as a surprise to me Project Cars has a very UNFINISHED feel to it with little bugs popping up everywhere all the time, some of the beta content was ripped out due to either licencing or to use later as DLC. and game isnt optimised for AMD cards yet still waiting for new driver.The WMD and Forums seem messy with no real structor going on and random as hell bullcrap to sort through. SMS really does seem like its run by spoiled children.Anyway i do recommend this title, besides the looks its not worth the hype. unless you are hardcore racer like myself and in which case you would already have the title id say wait for specials, dont bother with DLC unless you plan to timetrial or race friends online as they cant be used in Career mode."
,Not Recommended,234630,17698726,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Novalution,"Boat simulator 2015! No feeling of the back of the car and random frame rate drops, but the game has potential when it's finished."
76561198008819965,Recommended,234630,18929432,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Free Roberto,"Not too shabbay.  Physics seem decent to me.  Car selection is a bit paltry, but the track selection is f'amazing!  Between Bathurst and the California coast, they got B to C, baybeeeee!"
76561197996946424,Recommended,234630,19267005,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,mturk2100,"Great looking game ,buy it !!"
76561198043958382,Recommended,234630,19899249,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Thunder Bow 55,"Very realistic action, fun!!!"
76561198070022961,Recommended,234630,22798611,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,HolyKickZ™,"How to discribe Project C.A.R.S...First of all, the bright side of Project CARS.+ Best graphics of all the racing sims+ Nice cars and tracks, unfortunately most of the good cars are DLC+ Each car feels like one of a kind+ Day and night cyclus+ All weather casts are in this game.+ Nice singleplayer mode, you can start in every class, or climb up into higher classes.+ Easy to learn, Hard to master?The downsides of the game- Replay camera's are outdated, AC has more and better camera angles/distances/depth without spiky movements- You need an expensive (€100,- (or more)) wheel to play this game propperly, before I got my Logitec DF GT, I had a Ferrari 458 Italia steeringwheel from my xbox360. (budget wheel, I know) My Ferrari 458 didn't work well, like if I had a deadzone of 25% and I couldn't change the options so I could race normal.- Awful netcode (example: On your screen, people are pushing you off the track, while on their screens they just drive away and hit nothing)- Scripted grip levels in tracks, practice zero grip; after 1 hour and 25 cars, still no grip, while at the last minutes of the qualification session there is more then enough rubber on the track even when you are alone.- No Co-op mode, this was one of the reasons I bought the game, so I could play with friends in 1 team, but they scrapped the plans, couple of monthes before the release.- Multiplayer with only GT3 or Formula A cars.So I give Project C.A.R.S. 7.5/10Even with all the downsides, it's still fun to play with friends or in a lobby with good connection."
76561197979810963,Recommended,234630,23005502,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jona.in.pdx,"Fantastic RacerIf you are looking for a fun racing sim with very pretty graphics, look no further.The online racing community is pretty active. It's the best looking VR game to date.Game pad works pretty good, with driving assists turned on. But the wheele is the way to go, with assists turned off."
,Recommended,234630,20309946,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,i've only played a few hours and already like the game i do recommend the game but only if you have a good racing wheel with good FFD as this game does try to simulate over/under steer which is nice as u dont see that in much racing games but at same time this game does have a few faults like the AI seems stupid at time AI not getting flaged when cutting turns and so on.So RecapPro'sNice GraphicsLots Cars & TracksNice Driving PhysicsNice Damege PhysicsCon'sAI Seem Stupid At TimesI will update this review once i've played a lot more
,Recommended,234630,23047922,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Blu Nautilus,"If you're like me and you just love games for the simulation, this game is perfect. I couldn't care less about the career, I just want straight up simulation. I mostly play solo too, just my car and the track. With the Logitech G27, it's an amazing escape from reality. Some people need the ""story mode"" style to make it enjoyable, but I don't see Project CARS as a game. I see it as a simulator, and it does great at being that.Sources: I do this sh*t IRL. With a racing wheel, it's pretty damn accurate for a $29.99 game."
76561198066024332,Recommended,234630,23296955,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,stiffler_83,Epic game and visually stunning at 1440p or 4k
76561198037930823,Recommended,234630,23376280,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,THATeffingGUY,"UPDATE as of 6/4/2016:In my previous review, I did not recommend this game because it kept freezing in the same spots, and game performance was spotty in the last couple weeks.As it turns out, these were indications of a Hard Disk Failure; essentially not the games fault. In my old review I thought the performance issues were from the game, when it was really my hard disk giving up the ghost. In any case, here is what I think about the game:PROS:- The game is beautiful, and the locations look faithfully rendered. I've actually been to both Laguna Seca and the northern parts of CA Route 1, and I can say that they really spent some time on getting details right, although I feel as though some of the locations are holdovers from NFS Shift and Shift 2, like the Nordschliefe.-The Cars look good and perform well, and they sound pretty faithful. Although, I feel a lot of the cars they are releasing for DLC should have been included from the beginning instead of being part of specialized packs.CONS:- There are a few bugs. Every once in a while, the car decides that it want's to do it's own thing and run into a wall when I gently nudge the joystick (I bet that doesn't happen on a wheel). Other times, I've run into an invisible wall, or clipped something invisible. That doesn't happen often though.- The handling model still needs some work. Sometimes the cars feels like they're breaking traction and they're skating around, making them a little more difficult to control. Other times, they aren't responsive until you turn too much and then end up backwards and facing the rest of the pack. You'll need to tweak the controls to your liking, but there is still that level of unpredictability.- The DLC packs. I understand that this is a way to keep interest in a game and make more revenue, but when the game was first released, the car list made me go ""meh"". There wan't really any cars that I was itching to drive except for a handful, since a lot of racing games have the same cars. They should have had the cars from some of the DLC packs from the beginning, instead of trotting them out pack by pack. Also, for such an anglo-centric game why are there no TVRs? I would love to drive a faithfully rendered Tuscan Speed 6. Or a Cerbera Speed 12.Final Thoughts:Project Cars is exactly what it says on the box...er..Store Page. It's a graphical powerhouse of a racing sim aimed at people who want to have faithfully rendered cars and tracks. It's a game about the cars, not necessarily about the racing I feel. Even though they billed it as the next major racing sim, when you make an achivement in the game, it doesn't really feel like an achievement. This is probably because all of the cars are unlocked in the very beginning, meaning that you don't unlock car classes the farther you go in your career. I feel as though thats a very important thing to have, as now there's no real incentive to complete the career mode.Instead, I end up spending most of my time on my home tracks (Laguna Seca and CA Route 1) with some of my favorite cars in single races or time trials. In that case, this game is closer to the Test Drive series of games than it is a full on racing sim.Still, taking a McLaren on the Coastal Highway isn't a bad thing at all."
,Recommended,234630,23404419,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[NL]Slifer,i love this game i played it only today and i recommend  this game to anyone that loves racing i  cant stop playing
,Not Recommended,234630,24398423,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lou,"You can hit a wall head on, at 100 mph and keep going like nothing happened. The physics are terrible. This is even more disappointing in a game that is supposedly a ""realistic simulation"".Definitely avoid this one."
76561198254041997,Recommended,234630,27452122,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,joren.ideas,"This game is amazing! Personally used with an HTC Vive and a steam controller, this is so cool. The Vive puts you right in the cockpit of a racecar, which I assume is a very accurate virtual representation of one. It is awesome regardless. It is not easy to get the hang of, as it is very accurate to how easy it is to slide out on a track while going fast. You have to SLOOOOOW DOWN, waaay down to make tight turns. None of that unrealistic drifting around hairpin turns at 200whatevers/h. This game is amazing to say the least."
,Not Recommended,234630,31161473,Posted: 15 April,all,spamkids,"The graphic is amazing, but the physics and gameplay sucks. Don't worth play for 10 min."
76561198056352614,Recommended,234630,18541802,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"Realistic as they come. The game has great viewpoints in and out of the car, it has a great career system, a great practice system. I will say that it seems damn near impossible to beat the computer lol, but it is a challenging, interesting, and beautiful looking title.I remember playing Gran Turismo, and I really enjoyed building my own car; I have only played a little bit of this game so far, and I don't see the option to play that style of game. You can adjust your car's ratios etc... but there is no ""money"" system where you can buy and setup cars. This was the only disappointment for me."
76561198076168575,Recommended,234630,19595200,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,rnoswal,"This is hard because I love racing games. This one is great as far as everything but half the cars, maybe more. Any car with a lot of power handles like crap! Oh, I am sure that after a while some can figure them out but, for instance why shouhd the Sauber C race car, with the biggest tires on almost any car, dance all over the place. I can barely get it to go straight down a fast straight stretch! I can compromise and get it cose but damn! Most of the 100 to 200 horespower cars they have really nailed. I don't have to do much from the start to be competitive. Which makes it nice to tweak from there to get it better. Starting with a crappy handling ca, with big HPr is almost not worth the time. I can see why so many were killed if they handled like this for real, except they didn't! They all just pushed too hard. Plus not being able to figure out which is inner and outer temps on the tires, AND not being able to save the temps so you can fine tune them! What'sup with that!? It's hard to drive fast and get a read on the temps because they jump around so much.In the end would I reccommend this game? I am torn, the cars can and should be much more realistic handling as a general start. But it is a very beautifull screen to look at while racing. I have an older PC but it lets me set the graphics pretty high. Get the performance cars to handle much better when you start out with them. Tweaking is fine but it's way to easy to get lost trying to find a setting that will not♥♥♥♥♥♥you off while trying to race with other cars. I give this game a B-.Russ"
,Recommended,234630,19886486,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Norski yes?,Great sim-sim-cade!
,Not Recommended,234630,20124160,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lm602,"A perfect case of a waste of money.Played this game at a friend's house, we were both huge forza fans before we switched to PC, game was fun so I picked it up on sale. Since my first race it has had a bug that will make it lag a few seconds, then go in fast forward to catch back up. Makes it completely unplayable. I really wanted it to work so I began searching for a fix. Tried everything I could find, even going into my bios and changing CPU settings that may have been causing it. Which they shouldn't anyway, since all of my 100+ other games worked completely fine with the cpu just the way it was. While in my trying to fix it (starting the game up, trying to do a race, still didn't fix it, try something else, still didn't fix it, etc.) I went over my two hours and am now stuck with it. Judging by how the forum posts of people having the same problem were from 7+ months ago, I'm sure it will never be fixed.I really wanted to like the game, and when it works is so fun, almost better than my beloved forza days. However when the game goes into warp speed and sends me through a turn into a wall it outweighs the good. Another shining example of why early access is garbage. Why would they fix the game or make it work for everyone? They've already made their fortune."
76561198007042538,Recommended,234630,20363370,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,oncestruck,Best sim-racing game I've played in years. Highly recommended!!!
76561198045920862,Recommended,234630,20793283,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,JamAddict,I have to say this game is beautiful and fun game! I love the physics in this game and the selection of tracks. I will happily launch this game and go for a drive. I personally that the online mode could be better. There could also be more range of cars to choose from. I wouldn't reccomend playing this game if you aren't planning on using a wheel.
,Recommended,234630,21223630,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Chodebox,"I love this game,  but i have to ask, WHERE ARE THE MAZDA'S?!? The bread and butter of grassroots motorsports, mx-5's and Rx-7s? This game seriously lacks Mazda love and i have to say I probably play it less than I would if there was a awesome Mazda DLC. I hope we will get this in the near future, cause I have been waiting, since launch.I would love to seeRX-7s (FC & FD)MX-5s (NA NC and maybe even ND)787bMaybe some custom 3 or 4 rotor carsCosmoFURAI!!!!"
,Recommended,234630,21606958,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,RickyLYoung,"After 4 hours on this game i came on here, clicked do not recommend, and wrote silly little 5-6 word review on how bad it was and sulked.  A few days later i'd brought myself to the conclusion that this was totally unfair and deleted said review.  I'm 86 hours into it now and it truely is THE most rewarding game i have ever played.  It doesn't reward 'banzai fast' laps or suicidal dives down the inside.  It doesn't reward sideways driving or cutting corners.  What it does reward is consistency. Any true race fan knows this is and this game is truely wonderful for it."
76561197972129551,Recommended,234630,23031575,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,NigsNuts,"I would hope after spending over 140 hrs of my life with pCars I can add a useful comment for prospective purchasers.I love driving games be they arcade, simcade or sims, although I prefer sims.I think the negative comments are wrong. If your PC is totally up to date and you can get the best out of pCars, it's awesome. Constantly updated, (Which can be a pain as it often means reconfiguring settings lol)People that have slated it in the past probably didn't/don't have the specs, equipment or haven't kept on giving it time with the updates.I play on 4k 3840x2160 with 2x 980Ti's with a wheel and pedals and it's brilliant.The new announcement about Vive support has pushed me into placing an order :0"
,Recommended,234630,23100754,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,GarthVaedur,"ProsLooks greatCustomizationConsPhysics are... not gooddon't buy a game marked as ""project"".Hopefully they patch that up soon, otherwise I may have to swith over to iRacing or Assetto Corsa."
76561198163276492,Recommended,234630,23297939,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DeathbyDEEZ,One of the more realistic titles I have played in a long time. Such a great replacement for Gran Turismo and Forza
,Not Recommended,234630,23349179,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Murphyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198087718078,Recommended,234630,30924669,Posted: 3 April,all,austrianracer,"i like it. has great graphics, okay-ish AI and IMO very nice weather effects. Online is fun even for me (i race with a keyboard...). If you think this game is for you, but you only have a keyboard, don't worry. With a few tweaks and A LOT of pracitce you will be competitive in Multiplayer against the good people.All in all i rate 8.5/10, as for me, some crucial tracks are missing (like the Red Bull Ring, Daytona (24h config) etc)I bought the limited editon during some sale, but I wouldn't have bought it for the full price."
,Recommended,234630,31191334,Posted: 16 April,all,ABOFE,The best racing simulator for me. 9/10
76561198294784459,Recommended,234630,31256143,Posted: 20 April,all,Loner,Good game but a lot of bug.
,Not Recommended,234630,32790108,Posted: 25 June,all,[UL] GamingOfficialZZ - UplinkRP,I was told alot of good things about this game. I tryed to have fun but its just not good. Games all over the place from the menus to the driving. Spent a very long time trying to get into this game but it just hasnt worked for me. Most of my 4 hour playtime was spent trying to get off the really bad Karts. I was forced to drive a Kart and they are so bad! The AI always pussh you off the track too! I just wouldnt buy this game even at the low price of £7.71.
76561198115683544,Recommended,234630,19669029,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,O_o,this game is the most realistic racing game I have ever seen and yes assetto to curse has been in development a whole year longer but that doesn’t mean that this game is full of surprises hey and do recommend this game for hard-core race fans so should you get this game then the answer yes yes you should get this because you will have the best time on the game.
76561198127347894,Recommended,234630,19791313,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Foxxy,some of the best graphics iv seen in any game and im luckily enough to have the game on max setting and recive 60+fps. its a fantastic racing simulator.
,Recommended,234630,19900262,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rachmaninoff,Ok i have always been a fan of racing but this is a whole new level this is the best sim/racing/game i have ever played i highly recomend this game even if ya dont like this game if its on sale for like half the price i think you will enjoy it
,Recommended,234630,19973811,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,K9walker,My #1. Very immersive. great physics
76561197997168804,Recommended,234630,20370262,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Turbski,"Graphics are not as good as it's hyped up to be, and the grip model is still far off from realistic. Camera options limited and bare compared to other sim racers.However, still a fun game. 8/10"
76561198069376271,Recommended,234630,20650439,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mad.Whiddett,"Visually Amazing game.Brilliant Simulator, actually makes you feel a little scared hammering an old 1960's F1 car around silverstone!!"
76561198029659361,Recommended,234630,20783797,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MassiveM110,"it honestly does feel broke to me in some areas but awesome game none the less...did a 30 lap race yesterday on mohave with I think 16 cars on difficulty set to 90 and I came 1st ..and that's because mid race all the cars decided to pull over onto the side of the road, ha ha..kind of funny to watch but I was hoping for a bit more of a challenge than that tbh. .loving the game none the less but there are some issues that need sorting still....can't wait for the pits to be in and see how that amps things up a bit"
,Recommended,234630,21204384,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tzukasa,"Solid racing sim title with a good selection of race cars and an excellent selection of real life tracks. Little to no bugs, I've never encountered a single one I can think of in 100 hours of play. Superb graphics and solid AI that's far better than it's competitors and very good multiplayer netcode. All in all it's a great game if you're looking for a real racing title but if you want a powerslide to victory arcade game look elsewhere."
76561197992330209,Recommended,234630,21608568,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ian14723,Much better than PS4
,Recommended,234630,23514366,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TONY MONTANA,this is a must try for VR!!! THE BEST VR EXPERIENCE possible!! DLC is a great option in game of the year edition-must buy that!! great game!!
,Not Recommended,234630,24128443,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sceles,"The most overrated racing game on Steam.I've only played this game for a short while, but I've already found so many cons:- Propably the worst AI I've ever seen in a racing game. It collides, goes off the track, etc. And what makes this even more ridiculous is that in this game the player gets penalized for going off the track, the AI does it all the time but gets nothing.- The handling is super unrealistic, cars start sliding for absolutely no reason. It's not about skill, it's not about g-forces or grip, they just slide because they're made to slide. Yet if you're driving straight you can accelerate to ridiculous speeds then brake without any worries about sliding or losing control.- Good graphics? Sorry, but I can't see it. Sky and spectators are both 2D, lighting is also very dull and many effects such as tire smoke look just awful.- It's almost impossible to wreck your car even if you choose full damage from the options. If you smash it against a wall driving hundreds of mails/kilometeres per hour the changes are you'll lose a tire, but you won't wreck your car.TL:DR This game is clearly arcade, not a simulation, and it's only decent. If you're looking for realism look somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,234630,24205586,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Evil Morty,"I cannot recommend this game, be it for VR or not. If you've played racing simulators like NFS Shift 2, or Forza, then you'll be in for a disappointing shock with Project Cars.The graphics are sub par despite what the pretty screenshots look like, and yes, I have a powerful enough PC to run this smoothly at its highest settings. But I can live with that. The deal breaker for me is the driving mechanics. It's as if the game has very poor or limited driving physics simulation as the cars do not react the way a real car would when turning, especially at sharp corners, it's noticeable and completely breaks the immersion.So unfortunately I cannot recommend the game."
76561198064418546,Recommended,234630,25957212,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Marquis de Pain (Unempld Trump),"Just started. Pretty cool. Set realism to max. Unfortunately computer driver skill needed to be cranked way the hell down to make it fun, even on just the gokart in career mode. 0% skill is pretty rewarding, but 10-20% should be challenging enough."
76561198020319239,Not Recommended,234630,26091295,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CptRedLine,"This game has potential, and is a ton of fun IF you can get it to work, but it's full of bugs and weird hardware issues. If you're not willing to swim through a litany of bugs and issues, I cannot recommened this game."
,Recommended,234630,27277753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thomcat,"Simply great game, if you like arcade.... buy trackmania :-) If you like a challenge.... buy Project Cars :-)"
76561198140458005,Not Recommended,234630,28472261,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Broly,"Plays great, but comparing to Forza it lacks in content extremaly.. don't make PC2... why?? give us content here, your game is capable of 12k resolution.. no new game needed"
76561198014344582,Recommended,234630,28816902,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Siewerts,"So many of these reviews are useless. Seriously, if you are going to give the game a bad review because your peripherial is garbage, or you don't know how to set it up, you aren't very helpful,  That also goes for people trying to play this with a keyboard and mouse then complaining about control. Keyboard for this racing sim is a no-go for sure.I have been using an xbox 360 controller with zero problems after minimal adjustments. In fact I find it quite an enjoyable game where the analog functions of the controller really seem to stand out, it actually matters how far you depress the trigger and the cars throttles all respond a bit different from one another. There is a bit of a learning curve, if you are used to jamming the throttle to the floor and not suffering the effects of engine torque, then this game isn't for you, but control is just fine with a properly calibrated peripheral, and the graphics are just amazing. Overall I would say 7.5/10. A bit more on the sim side than arcade but still fun enough for this filthy casual."
76561198238216032,Recommended,234630,28939490,Posted: 2 January,all,在下电视塔塔霸有何贵,看着开头的CG已经足以让我热血沸腾。说说游戏本身一个字“专业”（呸，两个字）没有改装但是调校部分很细致，画面很惊艳但由于本屌的垃圾显卡无法见证发挥全部实力的质量，车损做的很一般甚至比不上某xx飞车，但是引擎声，路面反馈，操控手感都很专业向，配乐也是一大亮点听着我都要射了（害羞脸）。目前使用xbox one Elite改了几个键位玩着还算舒服，不建议使用键盘。。。车类游戏我觉得用键盘都很蛋疼，有能力的上盘子当然最好。本身没有官方中文，查着字典大概搞懂了常用选项的翻译能凑合着玩，汉化包没去找怕出问题。先码这么多吧，总之推荐喜欢车，热爱车，尤其是赛车的你入手。老子的血管里涌动的是汽油！！！
76561198069831913,Not Recommended,234630,29516352,Posted: 26 January,all,Palpatine,"Cars are nice to drive, okay AI racing ruined by pitstops. Most series have mandatory pitstops which are AI controlled and they're shocking..."
76561198060906048,Not Recommended,234630,30067539,Posted: 20 February,all,Brajen,Really akward handling and unrealistic crash mechanics. Would not recommend
,Recommended,234630,30644892,Posted: 20 March,all,Tylertheboss,i love this game the graphics are so good and the support for vr is not in very many games so i appreciate that overall you do need a good computer to run it thoght my basic work laptop runs it in 15 fps on low settings but high on my gaming pc is around 55 fps. the game is not hard at all there is setting to make it easyer when you first start 4.5 stars in my book good job.
76561198211671279,Recommended,234630,33241470,Posted: 4 July,all,PhiRoBus2000,This game makes so much fun.I play it with an Racing Wheel and the feeling is so exciting and awesome.
,Not Recommended,234630,33346578,Posted: 7 July,all,CT-Seburo,"Wheel not working in VR. Probably Steams fault. No chance to get it working. Using Dashfix, Steam beta, yadda yadda. Only bought it for VR support. Stay away. Wasted a week of troubleshooting on this. Steam is crap. This game suffers heavily from it at Steam renders it unusable!"
76561198029232777,Recommended,234630,26058540,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,andrew195546,"This is the most fantastic racing game that I have ever played. The graphics are beautiful and the tracks are numerous and detailed. The cars are many and there are loads of driving views. There are many options available which can be a bit confusing at first, but if you take your time, you can set the game up to suit your skill level. You can set the weather, the skill level of the other drivers, the number of opponents, driver aids for yourself and so on. You can play through a career and start at whatever level you want or play a quick race or practice etc. It doesn't need a ninja machine to run on either.  It is hard to put into words how good this game is. Try it for yourself. I am pretty sure you will like it as much as I do."
,Recommended,234630,28146507,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sasherz,"Cars!This game is alot of fun, for the little I tryed it.at first I couldnt figure out why the car whent all over the place with my Logitech G920I figure it out at the end.When you calibrate it, first turn your wheel all to one side, then click next, you need to put it to 90deegree to the other side, this meaning going past 0 and going to 900 aka 90degree after 0When this is done, the game is ready to play.I do sugest to put engine start on one of the unused buttons and whipers to a other one, if you have manual shift and gearing with the gear shifter extra.This game was fun as is, but this has VR support to, and when playing in VR, this game got so much more fun.I do lack a propper driving seat, but they cost a bunch. but man its fun.All the cars have uniqe stearing, breaking, and such that the racing wheel trys its best to mimmic thge car it represetents, so its not like a empty shell on a same chassis you have in most other driving games.If you find this on sale, its worth picking it up"
,Recommended,234630,28493295,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KwstasG,Excellent game best experience for VR
76561198031274029,Recommended,234630,28548761,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,tjkicks,what an awesome game. If you are into racing games that are realistic and a challange this is it.
,Not Recommended,234630,28629112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,turboskum,Loaded with bugs. Almost unplayable.
,Not Recommended,234630,28806401,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bob Saget,"As much as I loved the graphics and UI, the driving experience was so glitchy that it made the game unplayable. The car would randomly jerk to one direction when my wheel had not been moved. The wheel would also be very twitchy and twitch to one side and then back to the center very quickly. About every third shift I would make (with the paddle shifters) would not be registered in game. It is worth noting that this wheel worked perfectly fine in every other racing game I tried with it including DiRT 3 and DiRT Rally. Very disapointed."
,Not Recommended,234630,29534913,Posted: 27 January,all,Jerkamie,handling does not feel real.
76561197997844757,Not Recommended,234630,32761344,Posted: 25 June,all,Jontyoldmanface,"Even compared to games nearly 20 years old the handling is utter garbage, compared to more recent driving games it's simply a joke.Says it all really."
76561198160268300,Recommended,234630,32905064,Posted: 27 June,all,Citadel,It's kinda hard to control. Guess wheel and pedals are necessary for fanatic player.
76561198101232158,Not Recommended,234630,33157988,Posted: 2 July,all,J.Brady | 4E-14,didnt feel like it responed well with my wheel
76561198037226797,Recommended,234630,31350851,Posted: 24 April,all,Red Fox(2),"First of all, its an awesome game, love the old F1 cars and the LMP1 cars.Once the controller was set up, i could race smoothly and pretty fast.One problem is that the AI are either super easy to beat or uncatchable.The only aspcect of the game i am disapointed in is the realism in terms of things that happen during a race for example the pitstops could be more realisitc rather than a man with a sign and you sitting in the car waiting, also proper yellow flags and safetey cars for raceing incidents. The race engineer has very minimal input other than to tell you youve cut a corner or a supportive ""c'mon lets get pole!"" why isnt he giving me times to other cars, info on fuel and tires etc.My favourite is when i crashed and lost two wheels and my engineer came on the radio saying sit tight the track crew will come and get you, so i sat there for 10 minutes waiting and then decided to google whether you actualy get rescued, which it seems you dont.I really do enjoy playing it just seems that details beyond the car and the graphics have been forgotten and for a hardcore racing simulator, many aspects of a race are absent or arent very realistic.Hopefully some of these little details are fixed in PC2!!"
76561198209837249,Recommended,234630,33073980,Posted: 1 July,all,lil fidget toy,i like this game
,Recommended,234630,33112738,Posted: 1 July,all,Futurerealm,"Amazing attention to detail. You really can feel the car as you drive it. Every smallest move or mistake is noticed which makes it all the more realistic. Getting to play online with friends is definitely the best. You can race, race, race, win every title, sign every contract, but Getting to do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥with your friends is sometimes just necessary!"
76561197992229015,Recommended,234630,33546907,Posted: 14 July,all,Dire,"The complete edition is well worth it. I've gotten 16 hours out of it so far and have barely driven every car in the game ONCE. There's just a ♥♥♥♥♥on of them...as well as tracks...and interesting tracks, not the ones you see in every GRID game for example, but those many people don't even know about. Plus, there's actual carts in the game. You can start a career and go from a ♥♥♥♥ing cart driver to the highest super car class. Epic.Every car has an authentic cockpit and the helmet camera is just icing on top of the cake. The devs definitely weren't lazy. Cars behave differently, whether they are ""authentic"" no idea...but some of them are borderline impossible to drive without aids (which you can enable individually). Granted, I was using a controller, but even with all aids and a new control scheme it was really hard to effectively drive some of them. The AI isn't maniacally crashing into you, I've found, and I didn't notice any obvious rubber banding. If you drive consistently well, you will also get ahead consistently. Likewise, if you drive like♥♥♥♥♥♥you will fall further and further behind.The game features full damage, tire wear, weather effects and you can race at any time of the day you want (which has different repercussions based on track...because in some countries the sun sets earlier than in others for example, hey NZ!). Afficionados can definitely get hundreds of hours of entertainment out of this, especially with a good wheel setup, but where the game really shines imho is in its settings: you can pretty much customize everything with a slider, and there are a ton of options. Wanna race against 35 enemies that drive at 64% AI strength in California at night, while a thunderstorm hits the coast? Not a problem. Maybe you want the weather to change during the race, maybe you want pit stops, maybe you want to have a 24 hours Le-Mans-Race with actual 24 hours. Pretty much everything is possible with this game. Two minor disappointments though: damage isn't reflected well enough visually imho, continually crashing into things and my car still looks almost new sometimes. The other is ""heavy fog"", which, as a person living in Bavaria, is a joke. When we have mild fog here it's worse than what this game portrays.And one MAJOR gripe: Freezing. The game periodically freezes up for like half a second, probably some assets loading. It is most notable when you start it for the first time in a day, it will usually freeze a few seconds after the race has started, then again when you hit an object, again when you go over a curb, etc. Maybe an SSD gets rid of that, but especially since there is no rewind button, you can get screwed pretty hard by that. Usually doesn't happen anymore after the first race though.But definitely a recommendation for people who want to experience an arcade-sim-racer with no magical rewind-button. Oh, and you can even get disqualified...yay."
76561198040693577,Not Recommended,234630,25841432,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Flacker9977,"THE OIL SLICK DRIVING SIMULATOR.Trying to drive a car in this game is unpredictable. It's like driving on super soft dragster tires and then suddenly having a set of cheap bald-to-the cords set of tires and the road being covered in PTFE and motor oil. I spent around 4.8 hours of playtime attempting to make it more playable to no avail. Setting everything to the EXTREME side of low sensitivity and such helped slightly but its like, again, driving on plastic toy car tires. I know how to drive and am no amateur with racing. This isn't realistic at all. Pertaining to the AI or what little I did play with AI, it seems fine. I drove with rain on the track and its not much different from dry conditions. Graphically its nice, sounds are good (except for tunnel sounds, its a bit harsh), wearther effects are nice as well. Selection of cars are decent, but to get more requires DLC and there isn't many everyday road cars.EDIT 8/22/17After a computer upgrade (last time I played it with an fx6300 and gtx 970), I decided to try again (Ryzen 1700 stock clocks, gtx 970 @1.4 ghz full system EXTREME torture tested and stable). It still has unpredictable handling even with all sensitivty settings at 1 or lower. The game also never saved settings correctly. My PC is getting around 20% cpu usage with 70% gpu usage and has not hit max clocks. The game once in a while lag spiked...and then crashed on modern, stable, properly cooled hardware.EDIT 9/26/17I have noticed something with my old controller I was using; the analog stick I was using for steering wasn't analog after all. It only gave out a 0% or 100% input. I upgraded said controller, changed controller settings yet again, and (drumroll please), the game is now SLIGHTLY less unpredictable. My original review still stands however, the tire model appears to be what is plaguing this game with unrealistic handling characteristics."
,Not Recommended,234630,32747289,Posted: 24 June,all,cy,This game is garbage. Cars sound awful. Tiny car list without DLC. Awful physics. No sensation of speed.Do not waste your money.
76561198310754337,Recommended,234630,33604052,Posted: 17 July,all,Bitch. DAB!,Good sim. It`s very realistic and the customisation options add a lot to that.
,Recommended,234630,34852113,Posted: 9 September,all,StrangerCoug,"I find this game good overall, I've spent most of my time so far in this game karting in solo mode, where you can practice on various tracks and play with the settings to get a feel for it. IDOwish I had a proper steering wheel controller complete with pedals—perhaps that would provide for a less awkward experience for me than with the keyboard, where it's not always easy to keep the speed you want to.I'm sure this is common sense to experienced players, but it's advice I have to other new players to Project CARS based on my experience: It's easy to get a cut track warning or crash into the wall if you're careless around sharp curves. Don't take them at full speed—once the arrows start turning yellow, slow down.It's a fun game that'll probably be one of my go-tos for awhile :)"
,Recommended,234630,31245702,Posted: 19 April,all,daniel,This game is beautiful and loud.
76561198147556428,Not Recommended,234630,32871950,Posted: 27 June,all,Lifeline83,"I bought the game just to find out that my wheel, Thrustmaster 458 italia is not supported and the game is umplayable with it. I have a 30deg deadzone which makes impossible doing small steering adjustments. There are multiple threads on the topic in Steam, many of them without response, few with settings that don't work."
,Recommended,234630,33378528,Posted: 8 July,all,CombinedYoutuber,"My first real simulation game, and in my opinion Project Cars is a really good game! Let's get on with the review.PositivesGraphics are absolutely beautifuland with the camera angles it has, it makes me feel like I'm really there.So much variety of tracks, you can choose from well known tracks like Brands Hatch, Silverstone, Hockenheim, Nurburgring, Le Mans, etc. They can be used with all cars. My personal favourite is Formula A, which are F1 cars that have a beautiful V8 sound <3Replay options. When watching a replay not only can you look at yourself driving but you can also view the AI POVs too! A great feature :)The realism. Some cars are very hard to drive, especially the Hypercars which are very understeery if you drive them too fast around corners. The open wheelers have a lot of grip and so do the Endurance cars.Despite me liking this game a lot, there has to be negatives in there.NegativesAI.They are just ridiculous, they brakecheck you, bang your rear, but the worst of them all is that they evenCUT THE CORNERS!And they get away with it which is also wrong!Engineer. He says the same things over and over again which annoys me a lot, for example: ""You have suspension damage"" or ""We can see some aero damage"". He says nothing else which isn't helpful!Physics and damage system. The physics are terrible, when you make contact with an AI car they get LAUNCHED into the air and get taken out, and also the kerbs are annoying too, when you hit one you lose SO MUCH TIME and you may even spin out.That concludes it. In general this game is a really enjoyable simulation, and is worth buying. The negatives for me are ridiculous but I can deal with it. Hope you enjoyed reading :)"
76561198071045835,Recommended,234630,31003608,Posted: 7 April,all,sil,"Solid racing game, realistic, but difficult to drive without an actual wheel. The response from either a controller or keyboard is difficult, so you'll be at a great disadvantage compared to the AI. Still like the game but yeah, my point stands."
,Recommended,234630,32525907,Posted: 17 June,all,school (school),.
,Recommended,234630,33176374,Posted: 3 July,all,deszz,It has cars and they move. 10/10 must buy.
76561198293034086,Recommended,234630,26690096,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,enthusiasticnino,"perfect graphics;good physics and environment;car interiors are detailed and realistic;competitor racer AIs can be improved, need to add more diverse characteristics to difference AI drivers;"
76561198008882442,Not Recommended,234630,28584130,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RockeyDA,"im not saying this is a bad game, i just dont like it and i honestly would not tell my firedns they should buy it.the game is stable runs like a champ maxed out even though my card is throttling at my middle power state, and its quite a pice of eye candy. but the lack of a free roam and lack of destruction makes it just another boring sim racer. also things like tire pressure being in somthing called BAR instead of PSI and using MM instead of IN made me not able to understand the tuning of the cars. its a shame this game dose not play more like hoe NSF undercover did becase other than a low fun level its an amazing game, and to some poeple this game is probboly perfect but it aint for me.somthing else that bugged me was lack of amarican cars and lack of car variaty.not only that, i can fine tune all this small stuff that would be super difficult to do in real life... but i cant do things like motor swaps and body kits and diffrent transmissions.i payed 10$ for the game and after an hour i was not haveing fun and it did not look like the fun was coming. i wish this game would  get an overhall becase from the core its amazing."
,Recommended,234630,29798268,Posted: 9 February,all,Kate Tyga,Best game simulator with so many cars!
,Recommended,234630,24044045,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,beamstas,"Great game, default controls for xbox one contoller could be improved, but once tweaked the cars are responsive and feel great. Physics are great, it's a shame the AI doesn't suffer from less grip on cold tires, which can make the start of races difficult on higher AI settings, the game compensates for this somewhat by having the AI start off slower but having them affected by tire temperatures would be an improvement. Overall this is a great game, a huge step up from games like Forza and Gran Turismo, a true sim style racer, it gives a great impression of speed and the cars are difficult to master. I'd recommend this game to any racing sim fan."
,Not Recommended,234630,23401555,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,eric,"game is getting better and it starts to make funai is stil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ specialy in first coner they tend to pile up and online playinfg is fun until them f**king cheaters com onlinealso tracks are stil not acurate,speedsensetivety aint there,setups are stil messed up,exiting the pits is messed up if youll even just look at youre acceleration pedal it wil spin and the rest wil trash youstarts in wetlaps are massed up in the same wayand now all the cars including the dlc cars are in 1 big list id prefear if they would be devided per class or leageuwich brings me to the next thing;if you check the vehicles specification it wil say bhp max speed etc in most if not all cars you wil never make that speedand then there is the tirepresure in many ocassions youre tires wont seem to heat up even if you  put more or less air in them to have more friction for more heat also  it would be prefeared if it said what the optimum tirepresure wou be for the tires or if that would be the default setting and you could work from there.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ advanced setups and all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cheater spoil all the fun online so i dont advice this game uless youve got a couple of nice friends to play with"
76561198152525507,Not Recommended,234630,23742567,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,rage2014,"I have hundreds of hours on Sim Racers but I do not get to enjoy this game. Icannot recommend this game based on my humble opinion. This game falls into a gray area between Sim Racing games and Arcade-Casual driving games. My recommendation: For casual racing, nice graphics and physics go for Assetto Corsa. For hardcore SimRacing, go for iRacing."
76561197970341456,Recommended,234630,19804864,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Malazan74,really ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198030790904,Not Recommended,234630,23476549,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,mr.phoreal,"Edit: It is apparently just my inability to squash the bug I have with this game. After many tries and walk throughs for solutions, that I am clearly not alone in needing, I have not been able to play past the first two events in my progress of this game. I am appending my original review, because I essentially repeated all of the mentioned solutions again, and attempted at least three new carrers before ultimately having them deleted as mentioned previously. After a mere ~40hrs 'in game' and denial of a return, I have come to the final option of uninstalling this game even without my refund.I have wanted to be positive about this game, but the struggle has become too much. Yes, the graphics are sweet, the management of the vehicle is super detailed as I'd like, and I was able to get good control with my Steam Controller. But the repeated crashes and loss of progress have now made selecting a between race menu option for fear of eminent crash/loss more stressful than the (possible) enjoyment of the game.Original review: I have tried playing this game multiple times. Multiple times meaning, after maybe a race or two it's crashed and erased my progress. I cannot get past the first event wthout a TOTAL loss of progress. To not have any form of game save back up is unacceptable in the era of gaming. Even after mangaing settings, reinstalling, browsing the discussion boards, verifying the installation, there is not a fix. Getting to the point of suggestions that mention removing steam overlay, which then makes using the Steam controller impossible. Again ruining the playablility of the game. Now that the game has become functionally unplayable, this game has become a waste of the money spent on it."
,Not Recommended,234630,23540065,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Alpha Kenybody,Over a year since release date and it's still impossible to race solo with AI or with people online unless you join a league. So many countless problems that don't get looked at.
76561198043639506,Not Recommended,234630,16989896,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wiffie the Pigg,They forgot to add any content!
,Not Recommended,234630,18979571,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mr. Coffee,"This game sucks please don't buy it, I know I have a lot of hours in it but trust me - it sucks jut don't do fall for the trap like I did."
,Not Recommended,234630,18962221,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,|> TARIQ k. <|,"-terrible community-ian bell (the head of the studio) treats his customers that reported problems like slaves and calls them idiots-outdated game engine-terrible shadow rendering-all cars are unlocked from the beginning and the career mode is insanely useless-easily the buggiest game in 2015 the chance that you're gonna see a game breaking bug in the 1st hour is most likely (the game even freezes while it's loading the game and that happened 9 times for me already, alt + f4 doesn't even work so i have to restart my pc every damn time it happens)-ffb feels extremely wrong-physics aren't that realistic, they're very understeery even compared to assetto corsa, rFactor and other superior sims-i play with a wheel but i have to say that their controller support is very lazy-this is like the 5.0 update ? and it's still extremely buggyoh and don't be surprised if you were 1st in an online race and then randomly fly into mars right before the finish line and some random 12 year old kid calls you a terrible driver/noob for that"
76561198033429343,Not Recommended,234630,19490251,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Circuit_Dreaming,"I was hoping this would be a PC verion equivelent to Forza Motorsport. I was sorely mistaken. The controls are horrible, the graphics are really nice, but not Forza good, and the game has so many glitches. Half the tracks won't load for me, and I get locked in menus often. The menus are clunky as well. Regardless of the driver aids I put on, the second a tire goes off the track you are SOL. Do you enjoy restarting races 10+ because you made a single mistake? This might be the game for you then."
76561197975788162,Recommended,234630,16978766,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lewis - A2A,"Love this sim lots and lots and lots of options for hardcore simmers to setup your kit just how you like it. Also very welcoming and easy to use for relaxed realism get in a drive gamers. As a UK Gamer this is amazing, so many classic UK tracks, Cadwell, Oulton, Brands, Silverstone etc etc. Lovely jubbly!Oh and no grinding to get new cars or tracks you can quick race all from the get go, ideal and love it.Only Con is that the AI can be a little crazy at times but I hope the AI will be worked on the future for some of the tighter circuits."
76561197970618145,Recommended,234630,20224630,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Celebro,"Great game at a very good discounted price, now at 20 Euros/$. You might need some time to get used to and fiddle with controller or wheel settings, once that is done, it's a very enjoyable Racing Sim. Harder to get used to than most other racing games,  although this one has the best graphics out there by a mile.Most complain about early bugs and there were loads when it was released but most have been ironed out.The good : Best racing feeling ever! Different cars have completely different handling, how it should be.The bad: Still somewhat twitchy controls ( Better default setups needed)"
76561198089611196,Not Recommended,234630,26152549,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,spinner,"I have played this game from its early alpha versions in 2012 right through to the current release. It tries to be everything to everyone and rather than focussing on doing a few things well , it does all things average. Patched with layers upon layers of bandaids , the wounds continue to bleed and infection has set in. This game is terminally ill and will never recover. The developers deny this , and don't take kindly to their customers pointing out that their baby is on its death bed.If you want a good driving sim , avoid Project Cars at all cost."
,Recommended,234630,33960202,Posted: 1 August,all,Sl0th,"I'm new to racing games but I can already tell I love this one. I've tried Grid and NFS in the past, but this one beats them both when it comes to graphics and feel. Worth the 30 dollars!"
,Not Recommended,234630,34668027,Posted: 1 September,all,Dr Richard A Muller,"Great graphics, weather system and okay physics but the AI is terrible. They'll just smash into you and have very little to know response to anything you do near them, almost like they are on a fixed track, as well as them being ridiculously easy up to about 95+ at least. But still, great for racing with friends. DONT BUY THIS IF YOU LIKE TO PLAY SOLO!"
,Not Recommended,234630,34633744,Posted: 31 August,all,Blad,"Nice graphics, plentiful tracks, decent selection of vehicles, and if you have a steering wheel setup, its a fun game to set hot laps or play multiplayer with friends. If you are a racing simulator enthusiast, its a decent experience if all you want to do is set flying laps. However do not expect anything in terms of drifting; its possible, but absolutely not intended, and incredibly difficult. There are much better games on the market that model drifting more accurately.If this is your first foray into the racing simulator genre, I can only recommend this game if you have a *good* steering wheel, a few friends to play with and if its sold at a discounted price (the current £40 for the game and all the DLC is extortionate, half would be acceptable). ProjectCars 2 has been scheduled for release next month (September 2017), so dont expect anything in terms of bug fixes or new features.However, if all you have is a controller, do not buy this game. Its a dreadful experience. Very little in terms of audio feedback, so its incredible hard to know what the car is doing. The audio in general is very poor, engine noise is very artificial and uninspiring, and tyre screech is barely audible.Unless you have some knowledge of how to set up a car, you'll likely find yourself restarting a race often in a car that is virtually undrivable. The default settings are woefully bad. Fortunately, there is somewhat descriptive text on each setting, but not nearly enough for a newcomer.AI is akin to that of the very early Gran Turismo games. They do react to your presence, but by no means with any degree of intelligence. Lapped traffic will not move out of your way, and will instead attempt to fight for the racing line.Endurance racing is particularly frustrating, as the pitting mechanics seem to be bugged. You can find yourself driving in and being denied due to the pitlane being ""occupied"", despite no previous warning.Cutting the track too often is punished by a disqualification, but there is no tally of how many times you have cut the track. Suddenly you will get a ""final warning"", and one more after that, your race is ended. I'm sure that there is a total number allowed, but when your racing, in cars that have unpredictable handling, it would be nice to know early on if you wont be able to finish a race before reaching it.All in all, I cannot recommend this game. At its best, its a decent racing sim. But at its worst, its inexcusably bad.(At its current £40 price, at the time of writing.)"
76561198001752043,Recommended,234630,15745086,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,HolidaySpiritGix,Great racing simulation game... no doubt about it.Plus the graphics and music... it on point.
,Recommended,234630,22075802,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Efminus,Good: About the best Racing Sim you can getBad Didnt like how long it took me to start a race from the beggining.
76561198005851415,Recommended,234630,16754985,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,=(_O_).^.(_O_)=,Great sim. not as perfect as Assetto but very close.
,Recommended,234630,23511266,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Stardust,amazing with a force feedback wheel. best racing sim i've played.
76561197987966751,Recommended,234630,15794204,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mr Wobbler,Installed this game a few days ago and it has been a blast so far. There is a good selection of different classes of cars and they are all fun to test out without having to unlock anything.The AI cars in solo or career races are the best I have ever seen with realistic reactions to your driving behaviour and can have their skill dialed up or down to suit your own skill level.Had my first online attempts last night and everything ran smoothly. Even hosted a couple of quick races and although I'm still way off the pace of most racers I still enjoyed the lag free experience of some close jostling for positions.I only have a medium spec pc and the visuals are nothing short of amazing with plenty of choices of views. I love the helmet view with its depth of field properties to really add some atmosphere to your races.Couldn't recomend this more if your into LSF or iRacing or any of the more sim rather than arcade franchises.
76561198041355617,Recommended,234630,15783438,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DeathDea13r,"Love it best racing game ive played in a long time, truly addicting !!"
76561198077149281,Not Recommended,234630,15737758,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Stonecold,"After spending too many hours on Assetto Corsa trying to shave milliseconds of my laptime just because it was fun I came here expecting I'd get somewhat of the same experience in a game that offers quite a bit more variety. I was hugely disappointed. Mostly because the lack of fun and challenge compared to driving in the actual simulation game mentioned above.And what comes to variety? The cars feel too generic. Jumping from everyday roadcar into a full blown monster is more meh than anything else (again, comparing to Assetto Corsa, where the♥♥♥♥♥clenching is real). The career does not offer much in terms of achieving anything, as it gives you the opportunity to go race in any league/serie you want from the very beginning. Then you just grind onwards and it's meh.So, if you're a fan of awesome simulator games, move on.And if you're looking for awesome arcade game, move on..meh/10"
76561198012967659,Recommended,234630,15940033,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,jdillard78,Great game! I also own Assetto Corsa but have only played it once since this came out. Looks great on a 32inch 2K monitor and GTX 980.
76561198088999812,Recommended,234630,15777013,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Stogie,"This has the making of a great racing game. However its missing tons of auto manufacturers that should be standard for an auto related game in 2015. I'd give up 80% of the current vehicles in the game for a Ferrari, Lambo, Vett or Jag. The driving mechanics are damn good,  I will say that!   Im only in the game a few hours and mostly doing solo races and having lots of fun.  I really wish it had,Deep customization and personalization that would keep me playing for hours on end off the track.. I use NFS Shift as a great example of the this. The racing in that game wasn't the best but the customizing and personalizing of your vehicles was top notch. I dont think alot of people really understood or had the patiance to fully take advantage of its features in the car appearance editor.  I spent hours and hours doing this, making fantastic looking cars. Then jump into a multi palyer match and show it off.  And it was all in the game, you didnt have to use photo shop or some other complex pay software. Watch a replay of a race and see how long it takes for you to pick out the car your driving when your in the pack.I understand this is considered a ""Sim"" but a little customizing and personalizing would really set it apart from the others. I dont care about adding turbos and bigger brakes and stuff like that.  I'll go play a PS1 or Dreamcast for that. As is the game is fun and looks great."
,Recommended,234630,16137225,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Clank24401,"A brilliant game that i will be playing for Hours to come.Pro's:- Variety of Cars/Tracks/Championships- Amazing Physics (Although the Formula Rookies flip quite easily)- Brilliant Graphics (and I'm only playing on medium settings at 1080p, Can only Imagine what it looks like in 4k)- Not many Noobs online- Free Updates :D- Competitive (Yet a bit deadly) AI- Stunning Career Mode.- The list could go onCons:- Even though it said on the website that my wheel would work, It is only recognised as a controller.- My wheel settings keep resetting every time i close the game.- AI like to turn across you and leave you no room (Especially at Monaco!)- Choice of Car Number at the start of your career seems to make no difference whatsoever.Overall a fantastic racing game which (Hopefully) will get even better with Updates!"
,Recommended,234630,15779777,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,pgapromichael,"Best racing game I know, I think even beter than Gran Tourismo because it has more race circuit feeling. Graphics are brillant, tracks are great and you have a big number of good real race tracks and excellent cars. If they manage to get even some more tracks as DLC and a few cars I think this will be the best race game for a long time."
76561198003359524,Not Recommended,234630,16762566,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Outkast,"Great to see the are one Project Cars 2 already , and great to see all the freaking bugs still in Project Cars 1 Great Job guys , Excellent buggy game let's make another ."
76561198022266545,Recommended,234630,15737139,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating9/10At last a driving game for the PC gamers in the spirit of GT and Forza.  If you like proper racing on circuts and tracks, setting fastest laps to beat your mates, tuning your car to perfection and prefer a simulation to an arcade racer then this is your game.Project Cars is a foundation for a franchise and will definately become so in the coming years.  It is a brilliant car racing simulator (toned down from the real sims), the physics and feel of the driving is very slick and somewhat realistic.  The graphics and options that go along with it are superb and very PC friendly, the Audio and car/egine sounds are good but not better than the visuals but the big winner here is the way the car feels on the road.  Not since Forza have i had such a great feel for the road, combining this with various camera views to drive from and you have your self a very good racing game indeed.With a career mode and online races to compete in you have your choice of where you want to race and who you would like to race, no silly drift rubbish or other non racing events that make you cringe when having to actually play them in spite of you buying a racing game, this is a real racers game for racers who like to master a car on different tracks and are racing or car enthusiasts already.To say that this is a great racing game that is true to the real world tracks and cars is a gross understatement and I am truely happy to see a game like this come out.  It had to be publicly funded of course as the big players in the game industry are more devoted to releasing rubbish that doesn't even work properly than selling a properly tested product, 2014 is clear evidence of this.All in all the best racer I have played on PC and a good match for GT on the PS4 and Forza on the Xboxone.Brilliant!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,15797791,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Barracuda,"Sorry, but I really cannot bring myself to enjoy the game... It's already boring with 10 hours of gameplay, and I'm even going to argue, the road car selection is horrid, It needs to be more extensive. The pros I guess, first person in the rain looks absolutely stunning but the third person driving physics are disgusting, It's all wonky and arcade.I feel like the devs could do some drastic changes, before they ask for DLCs. I love the concept but, honestly 5 years of production is quite hard to believe, and the graphics aren't exactly matching the previews I was obssesed with...If theres no drastic changes soon, I would do anything for a refund, I'll update my review later, but at the moment, this game is on the edge, lots of steering wheel players complaining about handling and movement although I use a controller and on most cars it feels great.Pros:-Decent graphics-Sound on some cars is alright-Racing custimization is really deep-If you like rFactor, you'll like this-Fabulous rain driving experience-AI is better than most games-Decent smooth 60 FPS on GTX 970 Superclocked Maxed outCons:-Career mode is so bland-Car selection sucks (Sorry but it's true, theres barely ANY Japanese cars)-Some cars handle like its in Alpha development-Future DLCs that will spam the users-Road cars are really squishy with horrible braking.-Theres not really any skid sounds-Really overhyped damage, the damage SUCKS!-Pit crew? You mean the guy standing there with a sign?Sorry, I can't recomend this $69 game to anyone who loves sim racing like I do, I'm just providing constructive criticism, I hope all changes and Project Cars truly overcomes it's barriers and becomes one of the best racing games out on the market."
,Not Recommended,234630,16270215,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,strelok,"+ The game has Great graphics.+ Track selection is really good- If you are playing using a wheel you will have to spend time tuning setup for each car individualy. Out of the box configuration gives NO feeling aside from suspension load. Menu structure makes this process miserable, confusing and as a result long."
,Not Recommended,234630,15848029,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ron_Voter,Game is a broken heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198003760995,Not Recommended,234630,15796185,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,reddog,"waited so long for this game and wanted to like it so much, but i just don't. I love driving games, but this just isn't what was promised...very disappointed in almost every aspect of the game.wish i didn't waste the money."
,Not Recommended,234630,15780910,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,✪Polyphemus✪,i've played for 60 minutes so far.... no wait i've been at a loading screen for 60 minutes because everytime it loads the race everything works but the graphics just freeze after i adjust my seat. great game ...
,Recommended,234630,16033439,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,AOD_EB Twitts,First racing game I've ever really gotten into. Pretty fun stuff!
,Not Recommended,234630,16696868,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Entroper,"There is a lot to like about this game.  Unfortunately, I can't recommend it unless and until they actually finish the game.  For me, Steam's new refund policy came at the perfect time, as PCars was the first game I bought after it was announced, and is the first game I've wanted to refund.I'm not going to list the bugs I encountered, as that would take too long, and other reviews do enough there.  I'll just say that I finally initiated the refund process after the AI put me into the wall during a rolling start."
76561197968427572,Recommended,234630,15750076,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,INLINE-6,Great sense of speed 60 fps is crazy fast!!  Tracks are detailed really well. Car models are out of this world.
,Recommended,234630,15755841,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,adam.ly,"""This crowd funded racing game is absolutely stunning, the graphics are amazing. The gameplay is great for both the casual racing game player and the enthusiastic racing driver who loves the technical side of motor racing. With many cars, tracks and game modes this does lack local multiplayer and the game can be hard to pick up and play especially when you don't have a racing wheel. Overall if you having a craving for a good racing game or want to immerse yourself in a technical and very realistic racer this is the game for you.""View The Full Review"
,Recommended,234630,15812225,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Charlie,"Stunning game, graphics are brilliant, MOST cars handle brilliantly with the exception of a few but this is really impressive so far."
,Recommended,234630,15841904,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Punkers,"I've spent hours with Gran Turismo, thousands of hours with the Forza series, a few months with Assetto Corsa.Far and beyond, the best racing game I've played in years is Project Cars."
,Not Recommended,234630,35162826,Posted: 23 September,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I can't recommend it because of how dumb is the developer.First of all, the game still has a lot of glitches even today.They hate criticism (seriously, just go bankrupt and don't ever touch gaming anymore)They asked for like, what, 10m for crowfunding for the second game even though the first game sold very well? Even too much considering its price, it was overpriced and it is still overpriced, very few content, bad developer, bad publisher.And they consider this a realistic game? Stop mocking us, it's a simcade game, it's far away to be realistic but it is not an arcade game such as Need for Speed Most Wanted either.Modding is crap, you're better off with something like RFactor, Race 07, etc.Fanboys won't like this, but this is a fact, this business should just die already.If you're looking for a better simcade game then you should get Assetto Corsa, it is not perfect either but it is already better than this.Heck, even Forza Motorsport/Horizon are better than this.To summerize that up, Project Cars 2 is What Project Cars should have been so you're better off without this game, never ever buy this game and wait for a heavily discount for Project Cars 2, they don't deserves that much money since they already have way too much.4.5/10 - for the game itself.0/0 - for how dumb this developer is, you can't be much more dumb than that, seriously.And even so, I wouldn't even buy Project Cars 2 if I were you, except if you can get the whole thing in a few years for 5$ or less.They're just a bunch of incompetent liars who lies just to get some more money, almost all developers do that these days right? That's why the gaming industry is crap nowadays.Anyway, I've read on their website that Project Cars 2 would have above 400 vehicles or something like that, 800? 400? 300? Well, more than 180 for sure, way many more but look at it now, still just a big lie around lies.You should not support greedy and incompetent developers like them, seriously, just stop.Otherwise the gaming industry will just become more and more crap, but I guess that the fanboys doesn't care about that."
76561198096215997,Not Recommended,234630,35098125,Posted: 20 September,all,Fringles Masterson,"If you enjoy racing absolute trash AI, this is the game for you. Like seriously, the AI either has no idea where you are on the track or frankly doesn't care. Waste of money. Go buy F1 2017 or something."
,Not Recommended,234630,15817887,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,enchanted duck,"This is a pretty good racing game. It may even be one of the greatest sim's available to console players. However, I think it's a pretty bad PC sim. I play iracing, rfactor2, GSCE, and assetto corsa. In my opinion, all of them feel better to drive and have more realistic physics. PCars has good variety of tracks and cars but none of them feel particularly great.Just my opinion, but I strongly suggest you look at GSCE or AC unless you really want a structured (yet bland) career mode."
76561197999093985,Not Recommended,234630,15852352,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,wayne,A bumper car race with very bad physics - not fun - go slow or restart till you are fed up then quit the game and move on.I am never going to be Lewis Hamilton - just want to have some fun and you can't do that when driving a paper air plane in the shape of a car (with my Logitech G27). Guess its back for Forza.
,Not Recommended,234630,33293281,Posted: 5 July,all,Hmmmah,probably the worst racing game in history
,Recommended,234630,15817296,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RadarBrain |-@-|,"This is the racing game I've been waiting for.  I can't speak as to the online portion of it because I have satellite internet.  The career mode is a lot of fun, though.  The cars behave exactly as they should.  The visuals are amazing.  The most realistic driving physics I have ever experienced in a game.  If you like racing sims like I do, then you NEED to play Project CARS!"
,Not Recommended,234630,16210482,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Arixodia,"The game looks good and the weather is nice, it's a long way off a sim though and nowhere near worth the price tag. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,234630,15780240,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kand,"This game has good looks. However, it's nothing more than Need for Speed: Shift 3 in disguise.It's another buggy mess. Buy it during a steam sale."
76561198093040976,Recommended,234630,16116163,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Stealth,Great game a few minor bugs. But very realistic racer!!!
76561198228203456,Not Recommended,234630,17038784,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Azeah,"I just want to keep this short and simple.This games graphics aren't as amazing as they're proclaimed to be, nor is the gameplay itself all that amazing as it was hyped to be.I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,234630,16837268,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Maverick Ricardo,It's okay
76561198029898506,Not Recommended,234630,17955575,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[GC]Ted Striker,"Developer has focused on quantity rather than quality - a lot of nice features like dynamic weather, day-night cycle, great rain effects and (compared to other sims like iracing or AC) a large amount of cars. However, i cannot recommend it to those who are looking for a real racing simulator. AI is way to dumb and agressive. FFB offers thousands of different paramter combinations to adjust but it still lacks an authentic feeling (at least with my T500). Despite all that the lead developer seems to be quit arrogant and rough in the way he deals with his customers (e.g. banning people from the forum who criticize the product [in a constructive manner]). Go for AC if you are looking for a solid simulator with a great ffb and relativly smart AI (after the 1.2 update). Join Iracing when seeking for the ultimate MP experience."
,Not Recommended,234630,25476511,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mielas,"This game still has a problem with loosing your savegame after some kinds of crashes.The problem is known for a long time but the developers don't do anything against it.It would be simple to implement automatic backup and restoring ift necessary at the game startup if they can't find a better way. But they don't even acknowledge it as a bug as they seem to think that it's normal to loose all progress after a game crash. If you plan to play the game, always backup your savegame located at ""\Steam\userdata\[id]\234630\local\project cars\profiles\default.sav""."
,Not Recommended,234630,29651484,Posted: 2 February,all,Maximum Borkdrive,cool game but everyone on mp is 12 years and cant drive so you cant race online.
76561198049329273,Not Recommended,234630,24491846,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,EVILBOY4LIFE666,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! DO NOT BUY IT UNLESS YOU ENJOY BEING FRUSTRATED EVERY TIME YOU PLAY A GAME! Don't alt+tab while it's loading, well the game alt+tabs by itself on start. What happens when you alt+tab when loading? You can't use your wheel! HORRIBLE server filters! I can't even organize the servers by ping or player count when I actually get the game working. Empty servers so I guess I'll just go back to Live for Speed! Not to mention this game is made by a company who went into the Need for Speed series. Why are you even trying to make a ""simulator""? The graphics don't even make up for all the bugs and crappy physics!"
,Recommended,234630,25596808,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,OhhYouu,great sim game with single player series. really hard and take a long time to tune the car to suit your driving style. really need to understand all the basic things regarding tuning cars.
76561198167285868,Recommended,234630,15734383,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Nick Dimes,"10 out 0f 10! This game does not disappoint. Spot on physics and wheel play, even with my older Driving Force GT the calibration and customizations work perfectly with it.**Update**Originally I gave this game a 10 now having put in several more hours I would like to adjust it to 11. This is not your father’s racing sim this is the pinnacle of racing sims! Some may be getting frustrated with the difficulty and ramp up to global domination but that's what the AI slider is for and believe me you will have to put in work to get comfortable with the ample amount of cars, tracks and tuning available to you however the payoff is immense and replay ability is sky high! Online play for me personally has been very rewarding. I love the ability to set practice, qualifying and racing times this helps out immensely. There is also a multitude of other time trials and the community driving hub challenges are fun and a plenty, some even having contests to win some sweet racing gear. Can't wait to see what's to come!"
,Recommended,234630,15742810,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,PRYM8,must buy
,Recommended,234630,15784583,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,MaxspeedTV,"The most fun, realisic racing game on the market today. I have iracing and Assetto Corsa and they are NOT even as close to the real thing as this. Amazing graphics as well"
,Not Recommended,234630,17070637,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jesseklein333,This game is absolutely horrid i would recomend this to my worst enemy im going to actively persue my money back
76561197969701603,Not Recommended,234630,16400015,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jodleif,If you like graphics and nice menus buy this game.If you like racing (with or without AI) buy assetto corsa instead.
,Recommended,234630,15935124,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SynxUK,Game came out on May 7th. Received a speeding ticket on May 13th.10/10 would recommend.
76561198018720457,Not Recommended,234630,15985267,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,arielatom300,"Do not get this game if you have a controller!!!I'm someone who enjoys racing games on all platforms, I play on system ranging from a Assetto Corsa with a Thrustmaster t500 + Oculus down to Xbox sims Like Forza, I also go-kart, a lot...This is the SINGLE MOST FRUSTRATING racing game i've ever tried to play with a controller. In these games I want to be able to put my car to the limit, drive in horrific conditions and still feel like the car is reacting the way I want. The problem I have is not with the physics but with the input! Games such as Forza and GT have a sort of AI controller assist which helps with things like oversteer and tiny corrections; this is because its impossible to be as accurate when using a controller over a wheel. This system helps keep the car stable. Project cars however seems to just have a bunch of rubber bands round the steering and a driver that turns the wheel like he's on crack cocaine. Meaning, you oversteer in a Ginetta Junior and you either countersteer into an unrecoverable tank slapper or (with other settings) sit with the gas off in full slide waiting for the idiot steering angle to get just a little bit bigger (which it never does). The end result is: the controls destroy the fun, race after race as you spin into the grass, you just get to pick whether you prefer the inside or the outside of the track.You guys were so close to making this awesome! I cannot imagine how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people will be if they got this for xbox or ps4. I guess i need to get a seriously good wheel and test that... Jeez, this is a £500 game..."
,Recommended,234630,17166368,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hanzo x Hasashi,T500RS WHEEL + SHIFTER + PROJECT CARS = BEST SIM ON THE PC!
,Recommended,234630,17277462,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"+ Nice graphics.+ Nice physics, it feels quite realistic.- Awful camera work.- The number of cars is a complete joke. I know this game's focus is on the actual driving rather than collecting cars etc but still, there are just too few cars in such a big game like this!All in all still quite a nice game.7/10"
,Recommended,234630,23241552,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wop-Actual,"Not the most hardcore sim out there, but far from being an arcade racer. This is a racing game done right: the gorgeous graphics, the good performance, the countless cars and tracks, the physics, the weather, the competitions, the career mode, the quick sessions, and that beautiful sound. So many options and continued dev support.Tired of Need for Speed and not interested in iRacing? Purchase Project CARS. It's a timeless game you can take as lightly or seriously as you want."
76561198152360372,Not Recommended,234630,28562391,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,scotfusion,"Im sure this is a great game, but after a whole night of trying to get my controls to work, and my TrackIR to work, no luck. I would not have refunded this game, had I were able to get it to work with Xbox controller and TrackIR. The game sounds great, the reviews are pleasing enough... My review is personal and based on forum search and myself trying to get the contgroller and TrackIR to work. I think in a game that is supposed to be immersive, the design has to be as such, where the gamer would interact with it and not have to even think about controls. This game, at start (where I have been up until I refunded it), crushes the life out of wanting to play this game. 3/10 because the game is impossible to get started. I have many other games to play, which had allowed my to stave off the frustration of losing a whole night, trying to get this game to work. Im sure the Devs are awesome... But, this game killed my buzz."
76561198000593809,Not Recommended,234630,15828309,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Holzauge,What a crap load of software ! Worst 50 euros i ever spent . Its not much better than RFactor which is totally free but the best thing is the slowmotion bug it pulls on many people out there. And yes .. i did set the ♥♥♥♥ING FORCE feedback to zero. Which shows how incomplete this game again is .. The force feedback is still buggy at launch in a ♥♥♥♥ing RACE GAME !!  But the worst thing is the slow motion launch bug .. It slows u down while u drive ..and then out of nowhere it launches you over the track as if you were playing ♥♥♥♥ing mario kart .  BIG L  O  L  !  Most of the time u end up crashing into the sideline. And thats in SINGLEPLAYER !! i♥♥♥♥♥♥you NOT ! In SINGLEPLAYER  U HAVE ♥♥♥♥ING RUBBERBANDING and a feeling of LAG !! Can u ♥♥♥♥ing believe that ? LAG in singleplayer mode !! Good job Bandai Namco you ♥♥♥♥ing TOYMAKERS ! go back to make hello kitty puppets you ♥♥♥♥ing greedy MOFOS! I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK ! Unplayable in this stage if you dont have one of the featured Steering wheels and a super computer
,Not Recommended,234630,25334254,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,Makes me feel like my license should be revoked.But is very pretty.
,Recommended,234630,15780998,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ZazmaN7,"Awesome game and beautiful grapchips, i enjoy racing :-)i recommend project cars and best game racing!"
76561198039647558,Recommended,234630,15820451,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,GuessKEY,"Well. So far all I have done is drive go karts.Go Cart Simulator 2015, and still the best racing game I've played since Gran Turismo10/10 would race again!Side Note - I use the G27 with Hshifter Manual clutch and what not. Game runs amazing. on tripple monitor set up as well.Yet to find really anything to complain about other than I've randomly blown my engine a few time."
,Recommended,234630,16344210,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,That Audi Guy,Makes Need for Speed look like a toy
76561198193589523,Recommended,234630,15845383,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mart229,"Played this now enough to say this is an incredible sim/game. They have really captured the physics of how a car reacts better than anything iv'e ever played before. I cant highly recommend this game enough, if you're into your cars and want a proper racing game then this is it. I have to say the only fault i can think of it is that the AI drivers sometimes can hit you from behind or it seems they ""try"" to hard to overtake you."
76561197974903020,Recommended,234630,15843922,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Swe-Griffin,"Awesome game!! Simply addictive.. once you start racing and pushing your limits, you just cant stop..... that is until you get distracted by the amazing graphics in this game .. and hit a wall....."
76561198037776588,Not Recommended,234630,16666503,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Soul Jacka,The game is great fun the problem is that there is just not much going on with mulitplayer. Only 3 -4 multiplayer groups opperating at a time. Im not sure why?
76561198136544718,Recommended,234630,16039710,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,minigraphicsguy,"I started playing racing games approximately 15 years ago, when I was very young. For a stretch of about the last three or four years, I have been largely disappointed with the majority of racing games I've played. And when I saw that this game was selling well and getting awesome reviews, I decided to do some research on it. Bottom line is: I bought it. AND I LOVE IT! It brought me back my love of racing games.It puts you in the seat of a real racer, with real tracks that actually exist around the world. Do the real Le Mans, Brands Hatch, or Laguna Seca tracks. Did I mention you can do it in just about any racing machine you can think of? From the elite McLaren F1 or Formula A cars, to the goofy GO-Karts. The choice is yours.I haven't dug very deep into the career mode yet, but I've played against the AI several times now in single races (or ""Race Weekend"", as Project CARS calls it). Some people say the AI is ""buggy"" at times, but that just means they don't remember racing games from the 1990's and early 2000's.One more thing to mention- I have run this game on both my 1GB AMD HD Radeon 6670 and my 4GB NVIDIA GeForce 760 GTX. Not only does it perform better on the NVIDIA, but there are a few quirks on the AMD. However, it could just be the difference between a 1GB and a 4GB card, and I didn't see any game-changing malfunctions on the AMD like some people describe. It runs beautifully on my NVIDIA!Overall, great game! And if they were to come out with a new Project CARS, I will likely be one of the first to buy it!"
,Recommended,234630,16096938,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jayee,I like cars.
,Recommended,234630,16632229,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,iGameOver,"This game is gard to classify but not hard to recommend. It falls somewhere between Need For Speed (way more difficult) and Assetto Corsa (not as insanly difficult). If you expect a NFS type racing, look somewhere else, this is not an easy, on-the -rails racing. Likewise if you are a hardcore racinc sim fan, this probably won't be for you. But...If you enjoy driving on a challenging level, having some of the best cars at your disposal, millions of different et-up options and some of the best graphics I have ever witnessed in a game (we are talking here Wither 3 level people, maybe even better).And then there's a photo taking engine.... You will loose few hours taking those perfectshots.Why?It gives you DSLR simulated options if full, free, 360 degrees rotation and even focal lenghts, and did I even mentioned graphical fidelity here? Fantastic steering, great and enjoyable driving, much, much fun. What's not to like?"
,Not Recommended,234630,15977362,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,neuroboy314,"This is the WORST sim car I've ever play, and I have many of them!!!!! (and many steering wheels)I spected a Lot of this game and I'm veryCons:Very complex to undersand the software, not the gameplaySmall list of cars, and no exotics like lambo or ferrariYou cant completely tune your car, and AFTER A LOT OF TIME OF WORKING ON IT YOU REALIZE THE CHANGES WERE NOT SAVED (VERY FRUSTRAITING)Small list of tracksImposible to show the HUD in the cockpit cameraYou don't have a pilot profile to choose helmet or accesoriesThe graphics are good but not so good as spected for the Nvidia GraphicsI HARD RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY IT, IS A COMPLETELY WASTE OF MONEY!!!WHY IS SO HARD TO FIND A GOOD SIM CAR ON PC?"
76561197986925757,Recommended,234630,16091780,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Junkie62,"Fun game to play once you figure out how to set everything up. Don't give up playing until you have it set up properly. AI can be a little  rough sometimes. have to set up FFB for each car,kind of a pain but also a good thing because in  real life all vehicles are different."
76561198034742879,Not Recommended,234630,15794773,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Spy-clone,"Game needs AMD driver fix, then ill fix my reviewAble to play capped at 40fps.  Playable.   Needs a fixin.I have CPU 8350 4.0ghzGPU R9 290x OC II by ASUSHelp a brother out!  I'm going Slightly Mad here!"
,Not Recommended,234630,15894352,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,EchoFederation,"Let me start by saying that I was SO excited for this game. After playing for just a few minutes, the main thing I noticed was the sound design. It is so terrible that it completely ruins the game for me. To be fair, being a sound engineer and musician probably makes me a little more critical than the next person, but this is truly awful sound design. The engines don't sound right at all. They clearly sound like several samples being used that use pitch bending between said samples. If done right, it can sound great, but this is just not up to par in terms of professional sound quality. Every racing game or car centric game I've played that uses FMOD tends to sound this way, so to be fair that's probably a factor. Every game that I've played that utilized wWise middleware sounds so much cleaner. If you have Dirt Rally or even just Dirt 3, listen to the revs in that compared to this. Night and day. Also in terms of sound, certain sfx like hitting a guardrail on highway one sound way too loud, and then stay at the same volume until you slow to practically a halt. You could even still be moving, grinding against the guardrail and the sound would be gone. If you accelerate along the guardrail again, the sound is still stopped, which tells me that it's more an issue with implementation.The visuals are great, and I can run at almost max settings with my GTX 770, but the lighting doesn't really do it for me. The physics are just okay, but the car is WAY too stable in a straight line.All in all, this game feels unfinished. The sound design is its most obvious flaw, and I think to really make a top notch product, they need to step it up in that area."
76561197972317470,Recommended,234630,15826923,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zed,"I normally DONT do reviews but i felt this game is very worthy of one!......I play games like I racing, assetto corsa and many other racing sims!.... Project cars in my opinion is the best in every single way and yes that includes the physics!! I dont understand why some people of moaning about physics, i think they are the most accurate of any game ive played. The car handling is great ( for ALL the vehicles ) and as realistic as your going to get for now from any computer game! Buy this game if you a sim racer you wont be disappointed!"
76561198028721636,Recommended,234630,17173548,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,jayy lmao,"good game, get it on sale tho, not worth $60"
76561198039254866,Recommended,234630,16697058,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Irishlad147,Project Cars » Overview by Irishlad147https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e68ooI9jpkE
76561198097697157,Recommended,234630,16803040,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,CHEESUS,IT GOOD. I DRIVE FAST.
,Recommended,234630,15720036,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Briandtx1313,Awesome physics and graphics and all around great game. Worth the delay and is a must have if you are into racing!11.5/10
,Not Recommended,234630,15980903,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,madmuffin8526,the AI♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,234630,17160901,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Browneskiii,"If you're a racing game fan then this game is for you. It's not Need For Speed where you can just throw cars into corners and crash into walls to win, it's a simulation game where you have to use all your knowledge about driving to win.There are minor bugs, which I'm sure all the negative comments complain about, but there's nothing which is game breaking. There are times you'll lose to something wrong with the game, but it's not very often - So much that it's never happened to me.The driving physics especially on a wheel are just amazing. Although career mode isn't what I had hoped, it's not bad in the slightest. Put it on 100% difficulty and after 2.0 patch, the AI are ridiculously good and depending on how much practice you put in it will feel like you're racing online. Pre 2.0 patch the AI were slightly too aggressive, but now they're basically perfect, not too aggressive but not too passive.Online is where it's at though, find yourself a league and you will be loving it. Even in random lobbies you will find people who want to race fairly, although as with every racing game, there are some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who hit you off in every corner because they don't get enough attention at home from their goldfish or whatever. GT3 are the main cars online, but thats definitely my specialty so I don't really mind!SMS are going to still be developing more on this for the next two years, so it's not just going to die down any second now. It may not be iRacing (I've never played that, so I can't compare) but it's definitely the best racing game out there which you don't have to pay a subscription fee.PS. If you're not a racing game fan, this is not a game to start at."
,Recommended,234630,16100582,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SekelLive,anyone that is worried about how the xbox one controller works.  Don't be.  This game feels better than anything I have ever played.  I was worried myself and took me 2 weeks to make a decision because of the bad opinions about the controller.  I play on the xbox one often and this feels better than Forza 5.
76561198006899983,Recommended,234630,17073290,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jim_hatama,"Very good. Grafics epic and handling is good too, maybe not Asetto corsa level but close. And its far more game than Asetto -   online leaderboards, events, rain, night racing , pit stops etc.  Good damage model with wheels go off etc, tyres temp simulation all looks good. Maybe pC is lacking good engine sounds, but asetto  dont have good sound either."
76561198141382940,Not Recommended,234630,17166140,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,andrew10117,Absolute worst piece of bugged garbage I've spent 50$ on.
76561198117486314,Recommended,234630,16077465,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Komrade Igor Dyatlov (KGB),"This is the most in depth car game that i have ever seen or played, It is also one of the most beautiful"
,Recommended,234630,16269840,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lurchybaby,Rain Simulator 1.0-  all it needs is an Ark from future DLC
,Not Recommended,234630,16399282,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Captain Clueless,"Faulty AI, horrible menu design, and an obvious lack of AMD support! A game to be avoided.A very hyped title, with a long development time, the game suffers from a lack of fun. The multiplayer can be fun from time to time, but there is usually somewhere there who feels ramming you is the best way to take the first corner of the race.The single player is incredibly bland in which you just play event after event wondering what you are doing with your life. No career progression (or clear career progression - I never stuck it out long enough to find out). The AI are either too good or too stupid, and sometime stop, or just drive anywhere for no real reason.You can't polish a turd, adn boy has this game tried with its fancy graphics. Undeneath its shiny interior is budget title racer that wouldnt look out of place back in 2004"
76561197982842816,Recommended,234630,16577084,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,maxpower2k,"Wow, best sim racing in a long time!!!"
76561197972019194,Recommended,234630,16961801,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Hotcrossbun,"If you are into sim racing games this game is amazing. it looks great, the cars are amazing and drive fantastically and the tracks are a plenty!  There are a few niggles, especially with the online in that most people just crash into you as they have no idea how to race properly although if you manage to qualify at the front it definitely softens that.  there is no matchmaking although they are bringing that in with PC 2 and that is something personally i think would be great. ultimately an amazing game tho. all about the driving which is just quality although the game could use a tiny bit of polish.my brain says 8/10my heart says 9/10"
,Recommended,234630,19899897,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Qwerty,I played for an hour or two. Seems kind of ok I guess
,Not Recommended,234630,21466433,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sgt Haskins,Project Cars huh.Well I think it needs alot of work. Starting a online race is utterly rediculas. No voice chat. The replay UI stinks to hell and a hand basket. This sim looks to me like it was rushed out the damn door. I would personally would be embarassed if I was a dev on this project to release it the way it is.It does drive well and the cars and graphics are good. But seriously you all need to work on in it. Worth the price of admission? Definitly not.
,Not Recommended,234630,24585829,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,sekwah41,Cool but there are much better racing games. Also vr works well but for the general game side its too espensive for such a bad enemy AI.
76561197978932553,Recommended,234630,23506818,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Spaniard,"First racing sim ever that has given me AI that is fast enough to be challenging.I love this game for what it is, a good nice racing sim with a bunch of track and cars.AI is bad when they are right next to you, for some reason they ram you of the road a lot, but looking at their speed, they're fast without cheating, and they give me a real sense of accomplishment when I win a race.That feeling is something I have not had for the last 15 years that I've played games like this.The AI is far from perfect, but it's the damn best I've ever had to race against.Usually if they ram you of the road it's because you made a mistake.Most other games that are praised for good AI have cars leaving their line or braking early to give you way.That is exactly what we should call bad AI.Anyway, the non important stuff, graphics and all, are fine.I really don't care for that stuff.But damn, the soundtrack in the menu's of this game ;-O holy mother of god, you even feel epic before entering a race.It's so good to just sit down and listen to.I often catch myself drifting off just sitting and scrolling through the menu, listening to the soundtrack.For me, it's the best soundtrack I've ever heard in a game, let alone a racing game, which usually has a horrible soundtrack.The career mode is actually the first time a career mode in a racing game has not felt grindy to me, but really gives you a feeling of going through the ranks, if you so desire.You can also take a shortcut and go do directly what you want.But just starting with formula rookie, and making your way through the classes, reallyy epic.The hard AI really helps.Taking the win with 100% difficulty AI and all the assists off, you'll feel like you're god!Downside of this game is mostly Online.Online is infested with bad drivers that break all the rules and kick you from their server when you're clearly a better and much faster racer than they are, it's a real shame.The system works flawlessly, it's actually a really good online experience once you're paired with normal and serious drivers.But all the 'I will kick and scream if you don't let me win' type of kids are ruining the online mode here.But luckily, for online stuff I have iRacing to fill that void.But honestly, if I want a quick and challenging race against AI, Project Cars is what I boot up.I also have Assetto Corsa, but to be honest, for me that is the worst racing game I have ever had the displeasure of trying to play.Steering wheel support is artocious in that game, it just never works correctly, always feels disconnected, graphics are meh, AI is terrible, simulation is terrible.I honestly can't feel why people prefer that game above PCars.But he, I'm having a lot of fun with this."
76561197960810145,Recommended,234630,16803522,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HachiRokuMack,good
,Recommended,234630,21053207,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Eddie,"Brilliant game, who needs f1 when you have this!!  Just bought this a couple of days ago even after reading so many negative reviews but it seems that it has improved so much since most of those comments which were last august. i have F1 2013 and i think this is much more fun to play has lots of variety."
,Recommended,234630,29369750,Posted: 19 January,all,disabled,"Amazing graphics, definetly consider this racing simulator. Very realistic gameplay and graphics. 9/10"
,Recommended,234630,29170150,Posted: 10 January,all,Farobaba,"I love this game. It was a little twitchy in the beginning, but once they started rolling out the updates, it got better and better. I do recommend investing in a good wheel, pedal and seat setup, otherwise, you will not enjoy the game or be competitive at it."
,Recommended,234630,23746109,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FadedTeleTubby,"Project cars is a true racing sim.. Real physics.. Real feel to drifting. However the AI is just terriblly easy, if you want an actual challenge this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,234630,24017179,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[Blackhats]micolous,"If you liked Forza, you'll like this.  But in order to fully appreciate it, you'd need a full racing setup ($$$).  But if you go this far, you really should buy Asseto Corsa instead.Pros:- Out of the box Vive support.- Reasonable selection of tracks and cars (even without DLC).- Large library of wheel presets, but happened to exclude my wheel.  Tedious/difficult to set up other wheels.- Nice looking environments and car interiors. Really shows the lack of resolution on current-gen VR HMDs.- Many knobs and dials.Cons:- This is an arcade racer, trying to be a sim racer.- Audio is not good: engine chords abruptly cut out. Ambient noise is static -- birds are chirping in the middle of the night, noise at tracks is indescernable and annoying.- Difficult to determine when you are in control in the pits, and when the autopilot is.- HMD based pointer control is diffcult to use, and cuts in when you haven't touched the mouse for a few seconds.Note: I haven't tried online or AI play in the game as yet."
76561198037277954,Recommended,234630,17351492,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ig83,Ok so does Project Cars live up to the hype?I installed this yesterday after it went for 40% off on the steam summer sales The only reason for buying this title was because of the Oculus DK2 support.I am an AMD 290X user and was concerned with a lot of people confirming that the AMD performance is terrible.I found out about a set of PCARS specific drivers to help improve the ATI issue.Ok so this game just worked straight away no issues at all I had to pull a few sliders down to keep the frame rate high but the game still looks fantastic!!I set the cars to pro realistic and yes the cars feel proper sim like on the G27 race wheel There are so many options that even the pickiest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s will not be disapointedJust buy the game already
,Recommended,234630,17742791,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DriftMachine,"I swore I already wrote a reveiw for this game. Where it went Ihave not a clue. I am not putting any effort this time.Its a good game, get it. It feels good on a fanatec wheel. Fairly realistic. Fun to drift even though there is no drift mode."
76561198104619248,Not Recommended,234630,18974660,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,schujd3,If you are used to simulation style games where you can mod your vehicles like gran turismo this will be a let down. The dynamics of the game are ok however i like racing games that allow you to customize your vehicles. that was a deal breaker for me. i had to return the game. i liked the feeling of grid a little better.  and there are so many cars to choose from in gran turismo! People may say I'm comparing apples to oranges but i thought with all the vehicles in this game there would be some kind of customization.
76561198141016183,Not Recommended,234630,19705167,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dusty_Chums,Best demolition derby simulator on steam.
,Not Recommended,234630,19129949,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Jagdpanzer,Yes the amount of content in this game is massive; unfortunately the experience is marred by Funny Physics and blindly formulaic AI.
76561198028783775,Not Recommended,234630,17429481,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Brayford,controlls do not work and everything is wrong
76561197981991548,Not Recommended,234630,17659636,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,PSBeachBum,I wish there was a refund policy for BS Games that have no Demo
,Not Recommended,234630,24013389,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Grimmart,Payed 40 euros for this. Played 3 hours. R.I.P
,Not Recommended,234630,16486556,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bob Ross,"So im a online racer, i like racing a human, if you like online racing this is not the game for you. If you are a solo racer, Time Trial, campaine, this is for you. pretty game, good controls, good sound, horrid online racing."
,Not Recommended,234630,16537642,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ghaxx,I really wanted to like this game. It looks stunning and has wide choice of cars and tracks. But force feedback is too simplified in my opinion. For me this removes most of the fun from driving in this game.And the fact that you have to actually press brake pedal to reverse? This game definitely isn't a simulator.
,Recommended,234630,15730962,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Banana Spliff,Thanks for including Iceland in your nationality...
,Recommended,234630,15733510,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lurkz,"Loaded it up, car defaulted to an LMP1 and so I took it for a wee spin on the Nurb... My jaw dropped at the visuals, then I grinned like a child at the screaming engine and the massive BSHHH of the wastegate when shifting at the redline. This is THE best sensory experience I've had with any racing game, ever.Handling and FFB are good, although the surface texturing is not as good as some other titles. Car lineup to be fair is a little thin on the ground, but all the cars I've tried so far have been great experiences (all killer, no filler) and there is a ton of tracks, variations and weather combinations.Thinking of skipping work tomorrow to play some more 9.8/10BSHHH"
76561198191380885,Recommended,234630,16553949,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tkhood,Can someone please explain how to tune your car? I have no idea. Other than no real explanation of how to make your car handle better. it seems to be a good game.
76561198150227276,Recommended,234630,15763305,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Matty B,"I will keep it short.1. Is this game great and was it worth the wait? Yes.2. Why is it great? The cars, tracks and gameplay feel great.3. Are the visuals as good as the screenshots you see on the net? Yes. I have a gaming laptop and they look almost as good and sometimes the same.Do yourself a favour and just get it."
76561198026955056,Not Recommended,234630,15963943,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Clean cheese with rabbit on ıt,"This game is bad for drifting with g27. The Fy force is not well made, even if i'ts tuned down to minimum, i still get clipping. Only on this game. every other games work great. If you like grip racing, feel free to buy. If not, better spend your money and time on Assetto Corsa"
76561197981746128,Recommended,234630,16461078,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Megachirops,"Project CARS is fantastic and the most realistic racing simulator I've played. It has good scalability from kart style racing for the kids to fully realistic, white-knuckle, Formula One style hyper-realism for the most hardcore racing fan.The car selection is a little light. I imagine more car packs will come out for microtransaction, which makes me feel a little cheated, but the core game is well designed and a ton of fun."
76561198132862339,Recommended,234630,16722043,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Shadow_128,aftter the update the game doesnt run anymore it gets stuck at the slightly mad studios screen and never moves on from there.it also get rids of ffb of the wheel while waiting on the screen to move on (which it doesnt) it was a amazing game but then this started to happen
76561197976654208,Recommended,234630,16232634,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mack,Good game lol
,Recommended,234630,16605569,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Grindaboð,Amazing game great graphics and gameplay aswell as physics.
76561198021993618,Recommended,234630,17004417,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sa\/aGe,"I would definitely recommend this game; however, I advice you to spare a few minutes and read this before you go ahead and purchase the game.THE PROS:Graphics:Project cars' graphics are absolutely amazing. The weather feels so real and more importantly, the cars look very realistic and are very detailed. Better yet, the game isn't hardware demanding at all considering it is a 2015 game. I am able to run everything on ultra and still get and average FPS of 85, using my 4790K and GTX 970.Career Mode:: The game's career mode is beyond phenomenal. You get to choose whether you'd like to start from the highest racing tier and move all the way down to Kart racing or vice versa. What i really liked most is the amount of races you have to go through to complete a tier. I spent at least 8-11 hours to complete my Kart tier. Career mode has a lot to offer.Customization:: This is both a PRON and a CON as you'll read later in this review. Before you enter each race marked on your calendar, you get the chance to select how difficult you want your opponents to be and how long you want the race to be (On a scale of 0-100). This gives you a chance to play the game on easy initially, then gradually increase the difficulty as you get more familiar with the game. Other customization options include:Competing for time trial worldwide leaderboards and using other players' ghost run while you're racing![*Detailed car setup customization: Tires, paint, Xy axis, suspension, shifting, radiator openings         and many more!!Creating custom pit setupsTHE CONS:Game Feel:Kudos for Slightly Mad Studios for the amount of effort they put into giving each car a unique drive and feel. However, the game is far from being a beginners game. If you have never played simulator racing and plan on playing this game using automatic transmission, traction control, ABS, and all other driving assistance options, then you won't accumulate more than 60 hours beforewanting to uninstall the game. If you want to buy this game, I highly highly recommend you explore all the tuning setups and make it as challenging as possible. It might take some time to master the tuning, but once you do, it will be worth it as you'll get a much faster ride.Customization:The game feels like it was rushed into the market and thus, 0 performance and body customization is available (except paint). I would've really loved to see some performance upgrades (at least for the online world). Huge disappointment to all the car lovers who are seeking even more customization."
,Recommended,234630,18074231,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Croway,"Amazing game, incredible graphics and wonderful gameplay. If you do your own settings for your skill level, this game is very enjoyable to play."
76561198069709512,Recommended,234630,15817960,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mark Dickson,"Great racing simulator from what I have seen so far, races can take a super long♥♥♥♥♥time to get through like the forumla 1 races but still a good game"
76561198057022148,Recommended,234630,17095786,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Khan,Look past the bugs and all this is an absolutely brilliant racing sim.
76561197993477115,Recommended,234630,17819914,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"Finally found the game to replace the ageing Race07. Very nice graphics, day night cycle, full realtime weather, great cars, plenty of tracks, and online racing is as good as it was in Race07. which is a big complement."
76561197973673516,Recommended,234630,18098508,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Oliver Closeoff,So Good With The Logitech g27!
,Not Recommended,234630,18541990,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,michael.dh.inc,GTX 965M With I7 4720 4th Gen 12gig Ram and still cant get a steady 50-60 fps with all graphics set to low.
,Not Recommended,234630,15796284,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Captain Leo,"I have an issue with the sounds. It seems have a weird cutting effect, when the engine rpm tops out or if I switch gears the engine sound cuts out for a micro second. It also seems to happen when I crash, it really takes me out of the immersion.This seems to be a great game otherwise, but I just cant bring myself to play it the way it is now."
,Recommended,234630,17972259,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,BloodToxin,"Really enjoy Project CARS, if I could be picky I would like to see more customization like Forza."
76561198067199127,Recommended,234630,18106850,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Sevaeron,"I grabbed PCars while it was on sale, And was a bit apprehensive considering the reports of performance issues on AMD setups.I have to say that i get a stable, smooth 45FPS on max settings running my:FX-9590 @5GHzR9 280 3GB @ 1100MHz core, 1400MHz Memory.16GB RAMWin 7As for the overall feel of the game? the game feels wonderful, smooth, the career mode is challenging if the bots are set to a higher difficulty, although that depends entirely on the players base skill. I have not tried Online, although i still expect it to be full of ramming people.9/10, better than Assetto Corsa IMO. first good racing game on PC in a long time."
76561198152937075,Recommended,234630,18111334,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Toothpick_ZA,"Love It! If you are looking for a game more serious than Grid Autosport then this is a good choicePros:* The audio of the cars is fantastic* Multiple cameras in and out of vehicle* Lighting in game is great* Detail of cars especially the dashboards is great* Rain graphics are great* Feel of the cars is great. Handling results from the cars is really good and handling changes with weatherCons:* Smoke effects could be better* Difficult to play using a keyboard* Cannot change graphics or difficulty settings in gameProject Cars is more serious than Grid Autosport so it is a good ""level up"" in terms of simulation. Grid is more casual and less serious to play against friends. I usually play on keyboard but had to purchase an XBOX one controller for PC for more precise acceleration and steering. I struggled on keyboard to keep the powerful Rear wheel drive cars on the road. This may just be a skill issue though :-)"
,Recommended,234630,20683326,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,i queefed on your face nigga,10/10made me kill my entire family-Lenny did 9/11
,Recommended,234630,20894321,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,✬-PRINCESŚ-✬,Very Good game for Car lover
,Recommended,234630,18064516,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,drofla,"A great game - it looks beautiful, all the vehicles handle differently and realistically.The controls take a lot of getting used to on pad and you would be well advised to find a guide on tweaking the controller settings to your satisfaction.Spend some time tweaking your graphics settings to get the full gloriousness of this game, don't rely on the defaults.Tip: Brake gingerly when driving in the Clio Cup :)"
,Recommended,234630,21004793,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fiery?,nice weather 10/clouds
,Recommended,234630,21069108,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Shaggy,"Great physics, small selection of cars."
,Recommended,234630,21074752,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,100% Jitzie/Wallis,"I recently picked up the game after trying it out at both the EB Games festival in Sydney and PAX in Melbourne on a proper Playseat with a Logitech steeringwheel setup.I've found the game extremely challenging especially with the AI difficulty slider (which i run around 90% towards professional level).I'm using a gtx 980, soundblaster z and very decent running gear and the game looks unreal, definately worth using a wheel if you can get your hands on one.I've been a Gran Turismo player since the original and I've always loved racing games.9/10!My only real cons are I'd like to see some more variety with cars (Nissan GTR would be amazing), some Aussie Touring cars? (Ford, Holden, Nissan etc). Also some more famous tracks ie Albert Park in Melbourne.Kudos to the developers, love the game!"
76561198039708908,Not Recommended,234630,22201793,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ColmanTheGreat,"Totally wrong driving physics - example, when going around a corner in a powerful rear wheel drive car you should comdfortably be able to knock the back end out into a drift. This game simply doesn't let you. Somebody okeyed this at the top and thought that was a great idea. They need sacking from the game industry FOREVER. Oh so do the games 'testers'."
76561198012640025,Not Recommended,234630,26301301,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tyger,"Wow!I have a Rift.  I love it.  I loved PCars using it.  Wow!  then, PCars crashed after hrs clocked up and a significant career mode.  It re-started.  My career is lost.  no Steam cloud save - despite the setting.  Bottom line?  I'm never short of words.  This game is pants!"
76561198318077653,Not Recommended,234630,28808009,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,noahstairs04,"When I first downloaded the game it was great, good graphics, amzing track list, decent car list. It looked great, that was until I played. If you decide you want it USE A CONTROLLER OR WHEEL. If you are like me and don't have the stuff to do that, I'd suggest not downloading the game. When using the keyboard controls, turning is awful. If you have a controller you are all set and it should be fine. If not, I WOULD NOT SUGGEST IT."
76561198008998998,Recommended,234630,18088585,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,kkkkk1,The only thing I don't like about this game is the lack of the 3D walkaround the car like you get in Assetto Corsa. Everything else I think is great especially the time of day and the weather.
76561198126311659,Recommended,234630,18288351,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,CT Lartiste,good game thank you all but in fa can you put more car to choose please
76561197996149107,Not Recommended,234630,18426063,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Juhis,"I am using logitech driving force g29 and I am shocked that in this ""driving simulation"" every car has 900 degrees steering wheel rotating angle. It is ok when driving ordinary cars but if I go race with formula car and have to spin my wheel like mad man it is not okey. Sure I can change the angle always when I change to different car but that is too awkward to me. In DIRT RALLY wheel rotating angles changed automatically for each car. I cant understand why not in this game."
,Recommended,234630,21032464,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FAster Creed,"At the launch of this game, I have bought if for Xbox One, it was Ok. Up to now Devs fixed the game too good, now its working better than ever they did. Now while the price droped and holiday discounts applied, I bought it as its cheap and playing this game on PC to test my rig. Its actually better on PC, but more flawless on Xbox One, due to its lower settings.Career is boring, all I do is jump in multiplayer sessions and drive. Had some tearing, stuttering issues but managed to fix them.Physics awesome.Graphics awesome.Some AA problems but its still good.DLCs are fine too. Bought them all. I support them."
,Recommended,234630,20098555,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Northam,A very good feeling game. Not as tight as Assetto Corsa but more streamlined and fun. The car list is good and I would reccomend this for anyone with a wheel.
,Not Recommended,234630,19880968,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blaggycat | hellcase.com,"I would recommend this game to people who are already experienced with Racing Games. At first look, it made my eyes go crazy, i had no idea what i was doing. Then the controls were all crazy. It looked fun, but I just couldn't handle it."
76561198022177306,Not Recommended,234630,18421405,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,CHURCH944,"love/hateWhat I love:-The amount of setup work, reminds me of the old papyrus racing games and Iracing.- The weather effects- The vanilla Track list.What I Hate:-THe DLC, they add road cars and more variants of the same manufacturers without adding new ones- Manufacturer list, especially in the GT and LMP list, for:*LMP1, No Toyota, CLM, Rebellion, or Porsche, only audi*LMP2 No morgan, ligier, strakka, lola or HPD*GTE: Non existant with the outdated M3 GT in GT3 somehow*GT3: No ferrari, chevorlet, porsche (RUF as a stand in), ford, lamborghini, nissan, viper, maserati, jaguar, ascari, in fact there is more manufacturers missing than there is represented.Stop adding more useless cars and use the DLC sales to build more licenses."
76561198030721707,Recommended,234630,20613188,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LT Gen Klink,"I only have 2 complaints.1. You NEED a controller or a wheel to play this. It's almost as if they don't know how to make stuff work on a keyboard. Good thing I have a pad.2. Upping the difficulty above 60 (in my experience) for the most part doesn't make the other drivers better, it just makes them able to screw physics more to make themselves go faster while you're stuck having to drive like an actual human being.Still fun to play though despite issue 2."
,Recommended,234630,21017873,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dank Hill,solid racing game. great controller support 9/10
,Recommended,234630,23339181,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,太阳Tifa,"I know there are a lot of negative reviews for this game , but mine will mostly focus on what I like about the game.1. The AI. Yeah like everyone else has said, the AI does unfortunately cheat you sometimes. However, if you are really good at this game and get good with race lines...they really don't stand a chance. My hardest difficulty I've played AI is 90. So I guess I can say I'm alright. I've only ever played online with friends and not randoms. I enjoy the challenge though. There are times when the AI will get so far ahead that it's just unexplainable. I don't mind restarting, but I can imagine this would ruin people's gaming mood.2.Visuals.  Projects Cars is probably one of the best visual racing games I've seen. I was hoping GT sport was going to beat PC, however I was left in utter disappointment when I found out it was just basically gt6 with an e sports feel. The trailer was highly misleading. They still have 6 months to go, but I don't have much faith. Assetto Corsa has more of a matte finish with their visuals, but it's close to PC on say, medium-ish settings with some low. I'm happy with my pruchse when it comes to visuals.3. Driving/Gameplay. At first this game was really hard to get a hang of. I remember I tried to play it like NFS shift or Forza, it just didn't work out for me and for about 2 days I was regretting my purchase. For those first two days I was braking while making turns instead of pre breaking. I quit playing for a while and didn't touch the game for sometime. I couldn't refund because I had broke in 5 hours. One day I decided to just give the game a real chance and learn it. I'm glad I did. With the right music or just the sound of the engine alone, the cars are a real joy to drive. I use a 360 controller, but would love to have a wheel...just not willing to spend so much for one. 360 controller works just fine for me. My current favortie car in the game is the mercedes AMG GT3. Has amazing handling and reasonable HP. There are some cars in the game, no matter how much the setup is tweaked, the car is just still bad for me at least. I'd say my least favorite are the audi's and aston martins.4.Tracks. Lots of familiar tracks from other games appear here. Sadly this is a professional racing sim. So, you will not see beautiful night time cities like the underground series of NFS had. I guess they would be a nice addition to the game, but I do like the professional feel a lot more. Makes you feel top dog, if you will. You can customize track settings to a fixed wheather setting or have it mixed which is nice. I always used fixed. Nightime will defintely make the race more interesting and have you on edge.5. Online. Like I mentioned before, I've only played online with a friend or 2, so I can't give my opinion on the community or quality of online when there are a lot of cars. However I hear that a lot of people leave during the race. I've seen this on youtube for the console side on PS4 thanks to viperconcept. One thing I do like about online is that you can make the games private. I would probably have asked for a refund if all I could play was public games and deal with trolls occasionally.6.360 controller. When I first got this game, the controller would at times,....eh stop working. I'd have to restart the game and it was annoying. This was also a part of my regret. Ever since I decided to give this game a real shot, I've noticed it hasn't been happening so far. I'm glad it was fixed, I hope I didn't just jinx myself.I guess thats all I have to say. hope this gives you a better understanding of what you could have if you choose to buy."
,Not Recommended,234630,24660574,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,corpsemonger,"I bought this to use with HTC Vive. I have been trying to get it to work for over a month and it freezes almost every time I start the game, one time I made it into a race and it was pretty cool for about 15 seconds before it froze and I had to hard boot the computer. If you are purchasing for VR, don't waste your money here."
,Recommended,234630,20863993,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,acarnegi,"Gorgeous racer.  I just wish it had Ferrari, Lambo, and Porche in it."
76561198018467047,Recommended,234630,17480276,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,HotdogWaffle,Well first things first the steering is nippy af and the handling is strange. DONT PLAY ON A KEYBOARD YOU WILL DIE. but the bet part of the game is thatit is just simply visually stunning! haha but sadly i dont think its worth the 50 bucks i paid for it... but never the less it is a fun game!
,Not Recommended,234630,19760447,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Oxycodone,Assetto Corsa is better.End Of.And more to the point; SMS say that professional drivers helped them with this game.By the state of the A.I i would assume it's Pastor 'Crashtor' Maldonado.
76561198086650413,Not Recommended,234630,28188634,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,nliop97,"If you want a fun racing game with some nice traction control, realistic AI and fun times, BUY F1 2016. Not this. Project cars has lots of different cars, yes, but F1 2016 is much more refined than this. Spare yourself some rage and go for F1 games instead of this..."
,Recommended,234630,29618780,Posted: 31 January,all,Nick Kluttz,"Project Cars... Well I think that this is one of the best track racing games of all time. With moderately large seletion of cars and tracks. People think that you can compare this game to Forza 6, well sorry but they are wrong. This is simulator quality, while forza is considered a arcade racer. With Project Cars there is no need to have a bunch of cars because all of the cars feel so different. The track seletions are pretty varied also, with every thing to classic nurburgring to the willow springs test track in the Mojave desert. Sound in this game in phonominal and is very different from inside to out.Getting around on a course fast and bump free is the most satifying feeling ever.Plus the smoke has fantastic physics on other players cars."
,Not Recommended,234630,33392617,Posted: 8 July,all,mrmeowmaster,handeling in this game sucked
,Recommended,234630,20117983,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gamb1t,Awesome Graphics and great game
76561198203795048,Not Recommended,234630,20871067,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,doodle bug,"This game has amazing graphics , but it was not even close too being fun as grand trismo or NFS and the price is for the quality  of the graphics not the game itself maybe the game would get a better review if it had an actual story and was about a fourth too a third of its price"
,Recommended,234630,21031937,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,(BlackBird) Sorata Kanda,"I dont see why there is hate against this game..Theres a good car list ranging from fords to bmw's and even some GT3 cars. Which leads to good races and fair ones.Control wise i have used a Driving Force GT and have had no problems setting it up, also it works well which leads me to think its only due to people who use keyboards.Last of all the optimization is great, My system is mid range and the game runs at a solid 60 frames on high settings.. i would recomend this for any wheel user though it is not worth full asking price. Get this on offer and you will have a good time"
76561197979892211,Recommended,234630,22911569,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,JohnyK,"Very nice racing game, Asseto Corsa is better."
76561198271744408,Recommended,234630,25292402,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,slowcaptain00,the game is and compoitison is good. 9/10 ign rating
76561198029885117,Not Recommended,234630,29006775,Posted: 4 January,all,Kamouloxx,Can't play at all due to some stupid access violation error
,Recommended,234630,31265724,Posted: 20 April,all,Batman_X),Good to get when it is on sale.
,Not Recommended,234630,33110645,Posted: 1 July,all,V H S日本ビクター株式会社,"What an absolute garbage""game"".Bad simulator.Bad arcade racer.Cars alternately handle like they're on ice, or like physics has gone out the window entirely.It was very pretty though."
,Not Recommended,234630,33779411,Posted: 24 July,all,Yuno,"By the time I could set everything up for a (not so) proper racing experience, I went past 2hours.Went back to Forza Horizon 3 shortly afterwards.The driving, even following setup and tuning guides, is not satisfying to me."
,Not Recommended,234630,23638717,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Swager1950,"Bought the game ... and DLC .... "" I regret so much to have done that "" This  game is  so darn  complicated to set up ....I have a a Trustmaster T300 RS  wheel  with separate pedal ..... "" tired  of buying game that does demand so much set up or just will not work.....  "" possible  to get money back from DLC ""   ??????/Now on PS4 I play Gran Torismo 6 and  wow what a ride ...even in 3D .... love it ."
,Recommended,234630,23876674,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,YamA,Its like Gran Turismo but for the PC.
76561198023064241,Recommended,234630,23633584,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Harbinger LS101,Is there anything to dislike??? So far so good ! Keep it up that good work guys :-)
76561198045364143,Recommended,234630,23774287,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,xZeZo95x,one of my favourite driving games.absolutly awesome <3
,Recommended,234630,24021840,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WarnTyre,Perfect game!
,Not Recommended,234630,29596275,Posted: 30 January,all,FireStorm,i want to like this game i really do but i cant it has the worst/most confusing controlls ive ever seen on a video game. all the 2.4 hours ive spent on it have been at the controls screen ive tried the keyboard ive tried xbox and playstation controllers ive tried the logitech momo racing wheel and pedels its ethir waaaaaaaay too sesitive or its way under sesitive and i looked up best setting and that does not work i tried to give this game a chance but i just cant anymore and i cant recommend this to anyone. sad to becase the game looks really cool but their are not many cars for todays standerds.(sorry for my bad spelling here and there)how ever i am willing to give the game a second chance and if it goes well you will see the review change lol but for right now cant recommend it
,Recommended,234630,20407263,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ZerolessmusicDTD,"This is a great racing game. Note I do say game because I feel like this is on the game side of the simulator scale, but not the simulator side of the game scale.What I mean by this is that a game like GRID: Autosport is on the more simulator(ey) side of games, unlike mario kart or something similar. This game is very realistic but still has plenty of fun and enjoyable game-ish features unlike some other pure and true to the name racing sims.I would definitely recommend a wheel... I think this game would be like torture without one, but who knows, maybe not. If you are someone looking for a much better sim than GRID but not as simulator(ey) as iRacing or Asseto Corsa then I would recommend this game to you. It really is a great example of a game that can do both simulator and super fun game."
,Recommended,234630,20530405,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,wscsprint3r,"PROSAmazing visualsAmazing sound effects ( just rev a P1 or a Zonda inside a tunnel to see what I mean)Well rounded track listTons of customization for cameras/UI/driving aids/racing rules/ race lengthGreat career with 0 grindA generally excellent driving modelCONSSome bugsLimited car rostersThe absence of big names like FerrariBrake locking is a bit exaggerated on stock cars in my opinion ( of course you can play with ABS on)DLC is quite expensive for packs that have 3-4 carsProject CARS is a great driving simulator all around. The only downside is the car roster but this is mainly caused by the limited budget of the developers, aparently a Ferrari license costs quite a lot."
76561198007907872,Not Recommended,234630,19045651,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,mixfloors,"Why is it that everytime there is an update all the calibration settings are lost, I really am getting sick of having to do this.... and unless I rebot, my steering unit and pedals are not even recognised..... starting to think this is not a game I would recommend"
,Not Recommended,234630,24753756,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ulrira,"I think they could've done better with the car sounds. I can't seem to get the force feedback right. The career mode feels lacking and the social media aspect is very cringeworthy.I'll just stick to DiRT Rally for my sim needs. It might not have the best career mode, but it's very immersive."
,Recommended,234630,22668034,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,NwT SPo®,Its very nice racing game with good handling feeling :)And lets not forgett the hugh fun it is :)
,Not Recommended,234630,20303206,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Judge_Dredd,"Epic game but very bad localization.Cut-offs, wrong translations (gpu settings are translated as achievements to my language - Polish).you have to restart to apply settings....Its not a beta guys fix it! Good game but not ready when it comes to quality."
76561198115654941,Recommended,234630,16615811,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lewis Hashbrown,"Great fun game, can't compare it to others since this is my first real sim game. The AI can be improved but with 80% difficulty they respect my line, which makes for a great race. The car controls just as it would in real life so it does take a while to learn how to keep it in a straight line and not spin. The online from what I've played 10-15 races can vary depending on who's in it but 95% of the races I've loved as they've all been very close.I'd defiantly recommend getting this if you're on the fence about it."
76561197970327302,Recommended,234630,16628921,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Savage Hamzter,500mile reviewI held back after the reviews on ati cards when the sale came about i thought i would give it a go and was Very happy i did.I Run a ati 7970 and the game runs faultlessly and works with my old sidewinder wheel if you love driving games i would give this a blast.
76561198097067453,Recommended,234630,16619372,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,tam888,"As with any game i buy i always watch and read reviews and research the hell out of it if it's a game i'm gonna buy Especially if its a racing game, as these are my favorite. I was really put off in the early reviews because all i was reading were constant criticisms of how the game played - not very well it seemed, so i decided to put off in buying it. As it happens these complaints were mainly aimed at xbox and ps4 but i dont have any of them, i have a pc, built for gaming about 2 years ago. I have now purchased the game on steam and all the dlc too.So my verdict is this - Absolutely THE best racing game i have ever played, period. As far as gameplay, personally i have no complaints whatsoever - the game looks absolutely amazing, the gameplay is phenomenal, and thats using an xbox 360 controller!! - i yet have to try it with a wheel. My pc is running 3 x msi nvidia 680 in sli, alot more specs but cant quite remember what they are, running on 30 inch dell monitor with 2560x1440 resolution, so yeah, its the best looking game i've ever run in my pc. So for my own personal opinion, well done, in fact very well done to Slighlty Mad Studio's for making a formidable game of my favorite genre - 10/10"
76561197975624748,Recommended,234630,16624986,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jedi Knight,awesome game and awesome sound track
76561198068590802,Recommended,234630,16626486,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wushu,Just freakin awesome
76561197993814757,Recommended,234630,16375398,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,jrobix108,Game keeps freezing .....Nvidia card and I7 CPU
76561198000176326,Recommended,234630,16248047,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,edrvs,"great game, despite of every 2nd play crash =\"
76561197996074912,Recommended,234630,16540438,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,LethalAce,"Project Cars is good but not great. The game tries really hard to be a sim but ends up being an arcade racer in a sims clothing. In otherwords, it tries to be releastic but not in a consistent manner. It offers wheel support which offers extensive adjustment but even once finely tuned it still doesn't quite feel right for all cars. The fully fledged cars handle as expected but the stock cars dont quite handle right. The way cars lose grip or just go out of control feels almost scripted as if it has nothing to do with the car physics.Pros:-Good graphics-Lots of tracks-Some cars handle really well and feel realistic-Extensive Wheel support-Nice variety of race cars-Awesome weather systemCons:- Some tracks are not done as well as others( terrain graphics look bad on some tracks)- force feedback seems inconsistent- limited number of cars( No ferrari)- Stocks cars and even the super cars seem to handle drastically inferior compared to the race cars in the game. Almostas if more time was invested in ensuring the race cars handled better and more realistically.- Time attack does not include an automatic ghost car like essentially every other race car game in the past 10 years. You have to first set a valid lap time then exit the race then add it and then you can see your ghost. If you improve your lap time you will have to exit again to main menu then add your new best lap time ghost then enter the race again. This is a major oversight.Other Thoughts:Essentially, for everything the game does right it does something else wrong or just not very well. The game is good but just make sure you have realistic expectations. This does not surpass gran turismo but a more refined and expansive sequel might be a serious contender.I would give it a 7/10. It's a good race car game but doesn't do anything exceptionally well."
,Recommended,234630,16252846,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,RobotDebris,"I've enjoyed this game a lot so far, with a fun (albeit seemingly very linear) career mode, something that has been hard to come by in racing games recently. Oh, and it works smoothly on High graphics settings with my AMD Radeon r9 290 at 1080, so I wouldn't be too worried about the lack of optimizations."
76561198098165727,Recommended,234630,15762057,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Khamûl,"This game definitely surprised me in a good way, because graphics are superb and driving isn't quite easy but still is attractive and not too hard."
76561198007432840,Recommended,234630,15721697,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Spoken Word,Brillinat! 10/10
76561197974621773,Recommended,234630,15745133,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,bld - f*ckerpuller,"Side by side with AC, pCARS evolved into my favorite racing game. It has features and cars, for whitch i waited a long time, just check out the classic Lotus F1 beasts!Pros:+Graphics are amazing, not just the cars, but the whole environment. The weather changes, day-night sessions are uniqe.+Physics. The cars have by default driveable, good neutral setups. Every car, surface, tyre compound feels different.+FFB. Good by default, and there are a lot of options to find the best personal setting. I like a lighter wheel, and get the fine details insted. With a bit of tweaking i found a great setup that suits my preferences.+Lot of cars and classes. My personal favorites are the vintage Formula and  vintage GT cars. It is so much fun to drive those beasts.+Great engine sounds, besides that i like the music at the menu screen too. :)+Lot of tracks. Some have vintage variations, i definetley love that.+DLC's are worth it, they add a lot of content to the game and are affordable.Negs:- Gameplay could be a little hard for some folks at the beginning, but come on, race on!- Still need more tracks and cars. :)"
76561198024091472,Recommended,234630,15747342,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Wairaka,"i7 2600 sli gtx780 16ram ssd triple screen - loads fast, instant recognising sli and screen resolution.  Recognised logitect wheel and settings - easy to run at 65fps no stutter sli 92/81% usage and 70/56c temp.  Using all cores 80-85% at 80c temp.Car handling imho is realistic enough in comparsion to driving a physical day  to day car....e.g. cornering, stopping etc.Graphics are excellent and setting are easy to establish under the options - time will tell how many hours are invested in this game but I do foresee it will be my primary racing sim product.Worth purchasing."
76561198099625597,Recommended,234630,15722698,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,just_witt99,"After waiting years for this game, its finally out and... YES it was worth it! Graphics aren't as great as i had hoped (mediocre computer with medium-ish graphics on) however the handling (g27 wheel) and sounds are every bit as good as i had hoped. At first i feared it would be way too arcady like NFS♥♥♥♥♥♥2, as many early reviews had hinted at, and no it doesn't feel as realistic as Assetto Corsa, but its just as frustrating and more fun at times. From what i've played so far, this game seems very polished and i can't wait to dump all of my time into it instead of studying for finals!"
,Recommended,234630,15724921,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Blazed Always,♥♥♥♥in tasty. Melt yourself into the seat and ride with us.
76561198118218134,Recommended,234630,15730447,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SinCitySim Racing,Forza won't know what hit it... Great!
76561198030972759,Recommended,234630,15727167,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,fabiangc,"Very good, really like the way the AI behaves"
,Recommended,234630,15734007,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,• IRL • Roy,Pros: ....?Cons:There is not a tool for the host to ban bad/rude driversThere is not a Qualifying Benchmark System to set during a qualifying sessionThere is not auto ban or DQ for those blocking a race
76561198018596898,Recommended,234630,15721719,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,WarOfTheDamned,"game is good, no more needs to be said."
76561198083644138,Recommended,234630,15722351,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,XxGARxX,Stop reading reviews and buy.
,Recommended,234630,17819210,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,laredoza,"Interesting game, sits somewhere between forza and iRacing. It's less arcadey than forza, but less simy than iRacing. Lots of fun, especially the Karting.My biggest issue was getting a constant frame rate as I've got an ancient i5 and a 970gtx video card. The thing that fixed this for me was the following launch parameters: ""-skipcrowds -fpscap 45"". Seems like the crowds destroy systems with slow cpu's. This raised my average frame rate and kept it more constant. I also capped the frame rate to 45. I avoid wet / night races as frame rates plumit."
,Recommended,234630,18076834,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sl1ngShot,"An incredible driving experience.I find this game as good as the old GTR2 (my favourite racing sim) but with much better graphics. The feeling of speed is just incredible. You can feel when the turbo of the Renault 98T kicks in and throws your rear off if you're not on top of it.It may miss some of the iconic cars in the world but I discovered other cars I didn't even know about and I absolutely love them. Every car has its own character and offers a unique driving experience that very few games manage to capture.While a steering wheel will make the experience complete, the game can be played with keyboard for the most part. I can't handle the more powerfull cars without TC on keboard but other than that no issues.The tuning posibilities are endless which is another aspect I love about the game. You can tweak every little mechanical detail on your car to suit your driving style and the track you're racing on. The time you invest doing it actually pays off and you can see the difference on track (both good or bad, if you mess up the settings).So, if you're a car enthusiast you cannot miss this one."
76561198195273431,Recommended,234630,18083880,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JadedPanther,"If you are playing this game on a pretty serious rig. This game is the best looking game out.Above 100 fps the sense of motion and smoothness is amazing. The resolution and detail of all the cars is unbeliveable.They nailed it was how different each car sounds, and drives.I would like to see you be able to upgrade parts on the cars thats my only complaint.MY favorite racing game ever"
,Recommended,234630,15732818,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,generiK,"Great fun, but don't bother trying to get on the leaderboards or compete in the community events. Game has been released for 24 hours and a track that takes the top drivers around 1m40s has been completed in just over 25s by cheaters. Welcome to the PC world."
76561198055627558,Recommended,234630,17440750,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,123,Project Cars is the best racing game out there. i will be buying the dlc to support such a good good games further develompent
,Recommended,234630,17932280,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,YERA™,"It has bug, but I always manage to have a good time when I play it... and that's all that matters to me"
,Recommended,234630,18048937,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Akal1k0,"Loving the games, it's absolutely fantastic!Finally a game to beat GT Sports Cars."
76561198068870128,Recommended,234630,17774521,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,charleschoongcc,Excellent! Drove with Logitech G27! The feeling is so real as close to the real thing! Drive Aston Martin and feel the huge amount of torque available. I loved sim driving and trust me this is the best!
76561197993404241,Recommended,234630,17990494,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,indubious,Good game. Physic make sense for the most part. GA says it 60/40 reael/arcade.  I assume this around  85/15 +-10%
76561198040359862,Recommended,234630,18004041,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sharpster,I have been into every phase of digital autoracing since 1994. Both the best and always spending the money regardless of cost or type. Project Cars is far and away the best I have ever witnessed....all racing gaming included. Graphics are impressive if not mind-bending. Sound is superb. However its the interaction and simplicity that brings you in and takes over your mood and your senses. You are racing....you are in control and if you get beat...don't blame the software...its you and you know it. I give this a 10 plus plus. The best 50 bucks I ever spent....!!!
76561198123333305,Recommended,234630,18061307,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dill,love it
76561197997417401,Recommended,234630,19040097,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ertmiley3,"I bought a Geforce 960, because the 970 would not fit. Project Cars is the first game to have real photo realism if you use settings correctly. Lighting is critical and set your card up to the higest setting it can do, with maybe 6 cars. My monitor has auto adjust and the settings on your monitor is critical. You will know when you have adjusted to seeing something looking real. The thing missing on Assetto Corsa, is the adjustment for speed change graphics and their cars in chase mode are static. After driving in Projects Cars for months and then switching back to Assetto Corsa, physics in Project Cars are superior, because there is an irritating slide in traction with AC. I feel with the changes made every month to Pcars, are making this, the high bar to match and I predict other companies will not be able to surpass for at least two years. This program is without a doubt the most fun in racing simulation and I can hardly wait to use VR!!!"
,Recommended,234630,19045569,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,- Flux,Its great
,Recommended,234630,19355530,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,☠Haunted Louise☠,Positives:good racing simulator:decent graphics:realistic controls:basically just realistic all toghethercons:crap ai for e.g be in a formula 1 race and the ai will treat it like a ♥♥♥♥ing demolition derby:controls can become uncontrollable for no reason at all (for example wheel turn lock at random points)
76561197994877892,Not Recommended,234630,21103478,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,M.r X,this game and more dont work with steam..
76561198020978007,Not Recommended,234630,21862243,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HCS01,"Project Cars is a fun game. I use my steam contoller as a steering wheel. With refinement, and the recently added rumble functionality, my driving has gotten much better.Why do I not recommend the game, then?1 - Tuning setting for cars. This is my biggest issue with this game. The user cannot create and name save files of various tunes for cars. There is the option to create a base tune that is saved to all tracks. Then there is the option to save one tune per car/track combo. That's it. Wanna tune your car for a hot day, and have another tune for the rain? You have to document your setting how you see fit, and manually enter them... each time. Tuning is a very significant aspect of racing. Whether or not a driver is comfortable in his/her car can make all the difference. Sadly, as I understand it, there are no plans to add this ability to the game.2 - Must restart a practice session, to modify the vehicle tune. This cannot be done on track. You cannot even pull into the pits, to make modifications. Pulling into the pits in a practice session only engages a buggy pit stop.3 - No vehicle modifications. It would be nice to be able to, at least, make adjustments to wheel width. While there are a wide variety of tunning options, changing parts can make a difference in automotive performance.4 - AI. The AI appears to be completely oblivious to the player, at times. This, when combined with the inability to organize one's settings how they see fit, killed the career mode for me.I have not attempted online racing. As such, I am unable to comment on the many bugs reported.I did want to enjoy this game. Unfortunately, I do not see myself playing it much. Mostly because a racing simulator makes it unnecessarily difficult to tune a car for specific races/conditions."
,Recommended,234630,21105148,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AllUFknNbs,Very nice game! Good Job Guys!
,Not Recommended,234630,22180494,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,inso kilmister,Worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Game just stopped working and developer can't give a ♥♥♥♥ why. Hundreds dollar spent flushed down the toilet.
76561197998784837,Not Recommended,234630,23041936,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[BRA]mathewturnell,"Bugs, bugs everywhere"
,Not Recommended,234630,23350457,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Professor_Goat,"Biggest issue with this game is the lack of accuracy in driving. Tire traction with the asphalt is poor compared to Forza and Grand Turismo. Also, the faster the car, the more horribly uncontrollable the acceleration out of a turn. For some reason, when applying minor throttle out of a turn, rpm's are unrealistically increased to the point where the horrible traction physics send the car into a power slide.Car physics in game do NOT compare to their real world counterpart. I think thats why they don't have a lot of lower tier/common cars in this game."
76561197977681771,Not Recommended,234630,24434309,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,0Patience,"This game is fun, if you consider it an arcady racing game with simulation elements. As soon as you want a more realistic simulation this game isn't for you.If you want to get into the detailed tuning options for each and every car you can do it, however it will not tremendously affect the way the cars handle.Graphics on the car models are great, but environment graphics leave a lot to be desired.Unfortunately the AI in this game is absolutely rubbish.It has the urge (on every difficulty setting) to always go for the apex of every corner, regardless of if your car is already side-by-side with them. The second you have to come up through the field to win a race you will get crashed into 100% of the time.Furthermore, there seems to be some bug with qualifying times. Multiple I have had the issue that I put in a pole-winning lap in Quali, just to get an AI driver besting me by 25-50%... For example: I get a 1:04:30 time on a lap and the AI miraculously gets a 00:38:40... HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?! All the others AI drivers are 2-3 seconds behind my time, but this one guy is 20 SECONDS ahead?"
,Recommended,234630,24960403,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SnoopMarky,"Awesome game, i'm totally hooked, especially now that I have a Oculus Rift to play with."
76561197971368140,Recommended,234630,25298771,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bigfoot,This is awesome in the VIVE headset
76561198150379783,Recommended,234630,26099008,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TourFarten,"Disconnects during time trial (when you get a few tenths up on your ghost),crashes on your best gt3 car on your favourite track. Saves you hundreds in haircuts and no need for dye,Guaranteed you will lose your hair !! A must for tuners !!EDIT: Oh and ghosts that disappear"
76561198073173514,Recommended,234630,28224185,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,JumpingRival,I have to say that it is one of the best Racing games i have ever played. It have the spark of gran turismo and makes you feel like you are the best race car driver in the worldI love it
,Recommended,234630,18071979,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nikkel VITB5 Barium,"So, i got it right from the start, now we're here.Graphics are awesome! Its runs perfeclty on my System without any problems.I did not play much SP, Career looks good so far.I'm more about the MP and if your just here for a couple of races, you'll have your time. For more Serious driversits annoying, no manuell box stops,no last lap after the time ends in quali. you're aren't allowed to drive the car back to the box. Its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to wait 280 sec, just to get to the and, as a lobby creator there is no chance to skip or restart(i did not use the dedicated svr).Bots are weird af, either they drive properly or they kick you out! They do not care about you on certrain tracks, keeping their own lanes no matter what(even if you already half in front of them, both online and offline). Most ppl i met online a fair drivers.Of course its a Simulations so a Wheel is recommended. I got a Logitech G27 and i had no problems with it, i just downloaded from the P.Cars forum a better FBB setup.Racings Cars feel great to drive and Working on Setups is nice and even the tipps are helping(not like some other games outthere).Normal Cars are Weird, they drive like a Sponge, Completly unrealistic(maybe working on a setup will help but it should be drivable right from the start).overall, its great, the graphics, the new rain effects wow. if you're a racer then you should most defently try it. for need for speedguys pass this one ;).Still in my Opinion it does nothing Compared to iRacing nor Rfactor(1)."
76561197984297781,Recommended,234630,19289537,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,fabio.cristiano,"Since the GTR game, this is the resume of all I´ve expected in a very good racing game.The rain is simply the best of all racing games ever made!The sound quality is very very very nice!The handling of the cars is very tricky and demanding. Even using the ThrustMaster, the handling is different from car to car.That is very realistic.This is THE car racing game, absolutely an ""must have"" game.My PC is an 5 years old machine, and even so, it is running very nice with Project CARS.Now, the negative point of my review: Historic SPA ?!?!?!I´ve seen a lot of videos on YouTube, and for my great disappointment, that track is not in the game YET!I hope you guys fixes this fault soon, and do not charge a lot of $$$ for it on DLC.Thanks a lot for this amazing game!"
76561198221153472,Recommended,234630,19972853,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,XxPortchopxX,Da besto
,Recommended,234630,27360395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ritsu,"Too much for me, need some casual NFS. Get it if you have all the gear, skills and guts to play like a pr0."
76561198018365020,Recommended,234630,29371925,Posted: 20 January,all,الله,8/10 better than Assetto Corsa
,Recommended,234630,18778245,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bonk,Much fun with G27. Graphics and physics very good.
76561197999113161,Recommended,234630,19871068,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SLIPPERYPIG,"Stunning visuals and great handling physics. If your after a hardcore racer sim look elsewhere, but if you need a great allround racing game which borders on being a sim racer except keeps the fun in the game, then definitely get Project Cars."
76561198079628719,Recommended,234630,20060232,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MxCarter CS.MONEY,One of the best racing sims i have ever played i wish they update this game instead of make a whole new one. DONT BE SO FKN GREEDY FOR MONEY  'SLIGHTLY MAD GAMES/STUDIOS'  !!!!!!!!!!!!!.
,Recommended,234630,20138569,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nostradamus,"It's no forza but it's a great game for what it is.  Probably the best ""sim"" racing game on steam but not on pc."
76561197967740663,Recommended,234630,21102040,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,v1516,First impression so far is good. Will update it if necessary.
,Recommended,234630,24419820,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,"I have learned to dislike this game. Not that this game is bad but it is more simulator than what I was hoping. I grew up with forza and was hoping that this was going to be similar to that style of ""simulator"". It's not. This game goes whole hog on the simulator aspect with the main complaint is that it is harsh. No rewinds and twitchy controller support makes this game difficult to play casual. if you are in the market for a simulator game, this is worth a try. The great graphics and mechanics help numb the shortcomings like minimal choice in tracks as well as few choices in cars. Together it works well, well enough if you're looking for a hardcore simulator."
,Recommended,234630,20711667,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PhunDaMental,"Coming from the very first Forza to several generations of Gran Turismo, I quite like this game. Visuals are stunning, and it's a challenge to race. Multiplayer suffers from bad drivers and people leaving a race immediately when chances for a place on the podium are lost, though. As a singleplayer game: great. As a multiplayer game: bad, unless you join a league or play with your own friends."
,Recommended,234630,21952877,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dane,Yes.
76561198030554722,Not Recommended,234630,26090203,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,the_wretched79,"This game is generally great, good fun to play and great physics model.However, in the rain in career mode, apparently i'm the only one with grip issues if it rains in the last two laps, thats♥♥♥♥♥♥poor programming.Damage model is poor, despite insinuation it will be visible it rarely is.The DLC's, cash cow anyone? unless it's on offer, don't bother, as i say with so many games on steam these days."
,Recommended,234630,29126726,Posted: 8 January,all,Bratsaki,"Good graphics, bad driving. Good arcade racing game to have fun."
,Recommended,234630,32676138,Posted: 23 June,all,edemirbas,"Highly optimised, stunning graphics even with 940M, great physics, and unlike the AC, i can play with my mouse and be competitive while doing it. Just love the game.Except:We can't mod it and add new cars to the game but it is OK.Only if:Developers added more cars to the gameI really really really love this game, but i think we deserve mods. AC has this feature, but it lacks the graphics pCars have. Only reason i keep playing this game is the fact that i can play it with my mouse properly, and the graphics.Still love this game tho"
,Recommended,234630,18878336,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Astro Bean,"I RACED GOKARTS FOR TWO HOURS IN THIS GAME, WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP, WENT TO THE NEXT CLASS, NOW I DESPISE THE GAME. PRETTY GRAPHICS THOUGH, OKAY? 8/10"
76561198175653317,Recommended,234630,19175800,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mr Flash,"An excellent racer, with a vast amount of cars, tracks & game modes made for the serious racer!Top notch graphics with enthralling bumper to bumper racing, this is a must for those'sBORN TO RACE drivers."
,Not Recommended,234630,19622509,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Mithras,"I've put many hours into this game....and I wanted to like it-- in fact, I really did after awhile. Don't get me wrong, there's things I do enjoy about PCars. The fact that they carry more WEC/LeMans/Endurance stuff and there are plenty of liveries available for the vehicles. The track are okay, as lots of the main ones to be considered a serious racing game are available. However, I believe that there isn't enough content in terms of marques and tracks as well as features. Then there's the question of physics....oh dear.....the physics. They aren't bad-- they aren't good, either. They're just.....weird. I race IRL, enough to know that they are just odd. Not quite a simulator, not quite a arcade, but not a hybrid of the two, though. The developer support is nearly absent, and they do put out content from time to time; just to keep the mob at bay sufficiently enough.Take case in point: I'm racing in the Audi eTron Quattro R18, at LeMans. I'm on Lap 24 of Godknowswhat doing an endurance race. I'm convincingly in first out of A Whole Lotta Cars (cue Zeppelin), with P2 a whole 22 seconds behind. So far it's been a clean race (a true rarity), and I decide to not push it anymore, to which I try to maintain pace and conserve. I come out of the Porsche Curves, and the following section pretty clean. Then approaching the start with NO ONE IN SIGHT, NO DEBRIS, NO CARS, NOTHING, when suddenly out of nowhere my car shatters, flips, spins, and crashes in to a wall....on a straight....as if I just hit an IED or I crashed into a brick wall or something. My car is in total disrepair and I have to will my car past the massive entirety of LeMans. I drive the entire course in 1st or 2nd, trying not to blow out my engine, make it to the pits with just 7 seconds of a lead (down from 22), to get in there only to have the pit glitch, and get stuck there with nothing happening for 10 minutes, to then get booted. I can't stress enough how much weird stuff happens all the time.The AI is comparable to a bunch of 15 year olds in a Ferrari race car, whom have just received their learners permits. Its clunkily unrefined, and downright head-scratching.With all the other racing simulators, I can't recommend it wholly as there are better options. If you're looking for an amazing racing experience and a true sim, DIRT Rally is fantastic. (I race rally as well.) Assetto Corsa, although I've never played it, has never really had a uniformly bad thing said about it and I do intend to purchase it soon.6.5/10"
76561198186136667,Recommended,234630,19933387,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Baltazar637,almost like forza
,Not Recommended,234630,29118044,Posted: 8 January,all,ktalyN,"I made a refund for this game. I am dissapointed about the game. It's sad, because i wanted it so much... I had GOTY version."
76561198259239603,Recommended,234630,18975810,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,mosesdcoach,"MY FIRST GAME from steam ,.work for now on kibord and it great. i have to  open my g27 thaen i think it will be even more!"
76561198130648237,Recommended,234630,20686570,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Racecarfan,Fun game to play
,Not Recommended,234630,21405587,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PExxTi  <> AkRacing,"i bouht this game. When i Started it I was dissapointed. Becouse this game has to many bugs its hard to drive, Its imposible to drive a gokart. Im happy i got this game refunded. Dont buy this game if you wanna play a racing game not worth."
,Not Recommended,234630,21781901,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Coplan,"While this may be a great game for the hardcore racer addict, it seems a bit too tedious for the balance of the gaming population.  I admire the attention to detail and the depth of the game - and I certainly really appreciate the graphics - but the game lacks finesse in the manner of the career path.  The go-kart racing is fun, but I really don't feel the need to star there on my career path.  Bottom line, the game requires a great deal of work and a lot of time in order to get anywhere.  Let's be honest...I want to have fun...I don't want a second job."
,Recommended,234630,21893393,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Fuzzand,Restart simulator 2k16.10/10 would restart my simulator again.
76561198031209838,Recommended,234630,24496450,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dom2611,"This game is brilliant if you take it for what it is, a great 'simcade'. It'll make you feel like a seasoned racer with the car control of a Schumacher or a Senna on your 5th lap out. That's not to say that it's not a challenge to put in really good lap times. You'll have to tweak your setups and concentrate hard on every corner to really nail a good time, but if you're looking for the high-fidelity physics model of an ISI engine based sim or Assetto Corsa, you won't find it here.You will find great graphics, good track and car models, average physics and most importantly, lots and lots of fun. Well worth a buy!"
,Recommended,234630,28223452,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Maximale,It's Fricken Dope
76561198077856641,Not Recommended,234630,28951988,Posted: 2 January,all,we_moore,"I NEED HELP.   I can find no way to get help from STEAM. THere is NO PLACE to simply contact you people.Your crap program will not run project cars from my new TIKI computer using Oculus Rift. It used to run just fine on a different machine but irt will not run the RIFt on the new computer.HOW THE HELL DO I CONTACT YOUR USELESS SUPPORT PEOPLE????As a REVIEW --- I am looking for any and every way to getr STEAM off my computers and NEVER NEVER USE IT AGAIN FOR ANYTHING. There has to be a way to escape you and if so, I will find it."
,Recommended,234630,18813666,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FrenchFroggy,"Amazing simulation game, maybe a bit too tough when starting but you get used to it quickly and honestly, just great driving, the AI isn't the best but they can get aggressive and will give a good run if you set it high enough, the choice of cars is quite good and the tracks are brilliant, a good experience overall, not too much in the customising department but if you really want a driving sim, you won't care much =D"
76561198346643953,Recommended,234630,29617788,Posted: 31 January,all,clutchcrusader2,I really like the game .Much beter than Assetto Corsa.
,Recommended,234630,23280387,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BOT Trash,"tried this game on my pc, it is difficult to play with just a keyboard, still fun, just that you would need a controler to play."
,Not Recommended,234630,24196795,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Squilliam,"Just played an hour of this. It is not a casual game, by any stretch of the imagination.This game is made for hardcore enthusiasts.I found it god awful.I'm more of a Forza player. I've played hours of Forza, and will play many more hours of it.I will most likely buy the next Forza.I can say without a doubt, I will not buy the next Project Cars."
76561197993770655,Recommended,234630,18887887,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PvtStash,"This is fun, I like fun. :)"
76561198036003594,Recommended,234630,18957503,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,xvxfrozenxvx,"The one that was going to take the fight to Forza and Grand turismo is what i often said when i read what this game was promissing to do when released. Unfortunatly it has not quite delivered on its promice, on delayed release it was flawed at times unplayable and after a few patches its not much better but still lots to be desired of.1.It was launched with not enought cars or tracks i mean Forza 4 had over 300 cars and 30 tracks.2. The handling of the cars is more simulation than say even Forza but its problem is consistancy, in one track your car feels great and on the other its undrivable. but most important is did anyone test this game with a controller?in terms of looks it does make Forza look dated in same screeshots but you do need a good machine to run it on to really make it look amazing. looks avarage on the consoles.in my opinion it a game that i refer to as could of been a classic game one that i would spend £200 on a steering wheel for and if it had crossplatfom then it would of sealed the deal for me and i maight even forgiven all of the above points but if i could get my money back i would be tempted. still the best racing Sim you will get on the PC."
,Recommended,234630,19498965,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,shotsy,"best,     game     eveeeeeerrrrr!"
76561198170855981,Recommended,234630,20698660,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,martinmercker,"I love this game, it keeps me already busy for hours,  until now only in the career mode, but i will try online soon. What is annoying that i always have to rearrange my desktop icons after i shut down the game. (Win 10). Until now no answer to this from one of the supporters. But anyway, phantastic game."
76561198012090153,Not Recommended,234630,21116226,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,phil_1167,"Bugs. Bugs for days. Changes desktp wallpaper somehow. Freezes mid race. Freezes in menu. Stops responding randomly. See all the reviews, it's always the same thing. Cool game, too many bugs."
76561197975715649,Not Recommended,234630,21805752,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BSH,"This is a racing game that I reccomend you pass.Especially considering the options in this category.There is very little that this game does well that would warrant it over others out there. Such as Assetto Corsa, rFactor 2, Automobilista, Dirt Rally, Race Room, etc.It is a “good looking” game, and certainly has a lot of eye candy. It is very much a style over substance. It carries a vast selection of both cars, and tracks, but they fall short simulating the difference. They have no depth.In other titles, the simulation aspect of each car is immediately noticeable. You feel each car and how it behaves in your hands on different tracks and surfaces. This simply feels numb in most scenarios.other titles provide better racing, better A.I, better physics, more desirable car selections, and a much, much improved force feedback.Unless you have exhausted all other options out there, and this is on sale at a cheap (very cheap) price I recommend you save your hard earned money and check-out any of the titles mentioned above.Do NOT fall for the hype.6/10"
76561198134428204,Recommended,234630,22359146,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BANANA,graphs are amazing best car driving game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198108888266,Not Recommended,234630,24342787,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,blueapplejuices,"Don't waste your money. I have bought two different controllers to play this game. The first one, I thought it was the controller that had the deadzone problems. Meaning you could not stear softly, only in large gaps. So I bought an x-box controller think that would solve the problem. Still. Huge dead zones. As far as the ""awesome"" graphics. That's an overstatment, I have seen way better graphics on Forza on X-box 360."
,Recommended,234630,32635923,Posted: 21 June,all,〠 DestroyerLawyer [ENG] 〠,Ignore the haters as they think putting 100% throttle out of a corner is a good idea in a fa car.I use a g29 the force feedback is good but work is needed in terms of the clutch in game
76561198121778399,Recommended,234630,20248453,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Frickin' Shark With Laser Beam,Totally worth its price
,Recommended,234630,20278381,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,putziig,Gran Turismo is soo 2010's...
76561198097670876,Not Recommended,234630,20570126,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Penguen999,"I have spent hundreds of hours with Assetto Corsa, then I bought PC just to enjoy the graphic, the changing weather, the races at night time. Unfortunately the feedback from the car while you drive it, is so dull that I am hardly opening it again.It also has bugs and other issues, yes, but what bugs me is that I don't feel proper car's reactions. If you are used to Assetto Corsa and like it, I would suggest to not buy PC."
,Recommended,234630,21188877,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DaddyUrMajestyGaming,project cars is a great simulator superb with wheel.check out me playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwBRg5gKEto
,Not Recommended,234630,21312339,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Erufen Rito,"The goddamn thing changes my Windows 10 theme to default after each time I play it.The AI does not give a ♥♥♥♥ if you are on the track, they will drive through you, and shove you out of the way because they can. They will not make any effort to overtake you in a clean way.Outside of that, the game is great. i'd recommend it, but the fact that it defaults my windows theme has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off enough to not recomend the game."
,Not Recommended,234630,22190256,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hotwir3,"Insanely glitchy on Steam Link+Controller.  Menus were spazzing out, controls would reset to defaults after I set them."
,Recommended,234630,27032520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NA #VACations!!!,I hope it's community grows big enough to get it an steam award!!
,Not Recommended,234630,28866017,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lamem,"No good for the vive ,when you press recenter it puts you in the middle of the car , lags toomuch in vr , i get lower than 45 fps on a 1060 . I would wait until the vr support is better unless you are playing without vr"
,Not Recommended,234630,34781345,Posted: 6 September,all,Snoggatog,i bet it would be fun but it doesnt work on steam link no mater what
,Recommended,234630,20458579,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BarDStaR,"this game if positively phenomenal, i love it and its everything i hope from a car driving simulator but it feels like a game to so you can chill out with it. VR is great and i love it plus add a stearing wheel and pedals and its almost like your driving your fav audi or something. there is a down side while this game includes all your fav super cars like paganis and lotus and mercs and audis.... its missing the basics, im sure car enthusiasts will be fine with this wide variety but what about the casual gamer who likes car games but only knows 3 diferent models of car in this game........ i expect DLC to be released for cars like ferrari and lambos but my question is why were they not included from the start i like the game but it has a while to go"
,Recommended,234630,22604286,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LacusTheRock,"Best racing sim ever played. Nice graphics, real physics and full compatible with steering wheels/gamepads. Most interesting race game for me. Fully and without doubt worth it at all."
76561197968463489,Recommended,234630,22512825,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kwortic13L,If Assetto Corsa were a vindaloo then Project Cars would be a chinese buffet.
76561198295211012,Recommended,234630,23709677,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gust Front,"A W E S O M E !  Did I mention  A W E S O M E  !Dislikes :  I suck as a driver     :(However; With each total disaster I get a little bit better ( Damn little bit but still less often Driver go scrape, spun, bump. and my favorite BLOWN ENGINE !  ROFLMAO !). Having been a European Road Race fanatic and watching them since 1959, I can say , short of real experience, this is reality minus the Medical Bills !    :)"
,Recommended,234630,23744548,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ElderRynok,"Very nice, very well attempted realistic gameplay, just not for me.  Looks very beautiful, and fun on the Vive, but I had to return because even after such a short time, I new I would not be able to properly enjoy without a nice wheel and pedals to match.  I give it a positive review based off looks alone, however, gameplay wise it likely depends on what you are wanting."
76561198046855071,Recommended,234630,23775692,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,barrett338,"Great sim, don't get disheartened with controler or car setups if you can't seem to get it right initially it just takes a little searching on the forums and practice."
,Recommended,234630,23788177,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sabrina Carpenter,the Best racing game i ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198081888486,Recommended,234630,23808463,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Madmoose96,"This game was very good, I really enjoyed it. But I had to refund it due to all the frequent crashes I had with it, I have it with a lot of games. So for everyone with frequent crashes with directX, be carefull. Although I will gat back to this game as soon as I have figured out my directX problems..."
76561198043380288,Not Recommended,234630,23224970,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,dingo,very slow
76561197972826232,Recommended,234630,23715968,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Rob,No time wasted unlocking cars and tracks. The game just gets out of the way and provices a great driving experience.
,Recommended,234630,23773439,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,theninja35,"Project Cars is a modern racing sim-cade with its fair share of ups and downs. While there are a plethora of features that keep the game feeling clean, there are also a numerous amount of bugs that make me want to stop racing - for good. Please understand, before you read this, this review isnotfor the faint of heart.The SynopsisI personally would rate Project Cars an 8/10, or more specifically, an 83.5/10. The number is precise, and there is no reason for it to be that precise, so we'll stick with 8/10. After starting up the game and playing for nearly 100 hours, it is quite obvious that the game needs more work. Singleplayer races begin and end smoothly, however, sometimes the AI begin to grow so aggressive that it is like you are on a track with 30 Pastor Maldonados.After playing some-20 hours on Multiplayer (according to my estimate), it is blatent that the Multiplayer portion is plagued with bugs. At least 1 out of 3 Multiplayer races begin in tragedy, with cars upside down, cars in the stands, and the order all wrong. The bugs are so bad in some situations that it resembles the 1955 Le Mans Disaster. To add on to the horrible starting grid issues, the FPS sometimes fluctuates down to - a horrible - 30FPS in Multiplayer. This is often in correlation with the starting grid bugs. Occasionally the bugs are so bad that the game decides to crash both itself and my car.So, if you're lazy and need a TL;DR for this section: Singleplayer good, Multiplayer bad. 8/10.The GoodThe car and track selection are small, yet both the cars and tracks are incredibly detailed. Only four tracks are laser scanned, yet every circuit feels as though it is laser scanned - as long as you don't think of the real track while you are racing it. Many, if not all tracks, have random bumps along the turns and straights, giving slight challenge to the driver. This makes races far more interesting for everyone.Each car feels as though it handles differently from the next, though not every car feels as though it would in real life. Of course, I've never driven one car that is in-game in real life, but neither have any of the other critics in this review section. Moving on. (There is one problem with the Mustang: I am yet to hit a crowd, and that's a problem. Very unrealistic.)The vast amount of options that you can adjust and change both on-track and off-track are incredible. There are fine tuning options for just about everything. Aerodynamics, braking, steering, alignment, suspension, and beyond for the car, while you can adjust sensitivity, buttons for literally everything, and deadzones for the controller/wheel/keyboard. Sometimes, however, the options are so overwhelming that you feel like Britney Spears during here nervous breakdown stages.The BadThere are far too many bugs in Project Cars to outright list. As mentioned prior, the Multiplayer bugs are game-breaking and occur far too often for the races to be entirely enjoyable. The AI in Singleplayer are a**holes. Sometimes the controller freaks out and it forces me to redo all my settings for it. Sometimes the Race Engineer tells me that there are race leaders coming up behind me but I'm in the PIT Lane and we're 5 seconds into qualifying. It's ridiculous, I hate that guy.I wish he was Australian.And a she.That would be much better. I'd probably...ask her out, or something.The Ugly...Your mom.*Giggle*"
,Recommended,234630,23859779,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RMX.,"I've only clocked about 7 hours on here but would have 30-40 on the PS4 version, best racer I've tried - I'm not an expert on them but have played enough to know what I like. Cars vary a lot, visuals are nice, feeling of car control being core and track knowledge second.For anyone who's played the PS4 version and thinking of getting the PC version, main noticeable differences on a decent video card is the lighting which makes the tracks feel a little less flat. There isn't a great improvement (as long as you can run settings on ultra) but enough to warrant a purchase on sale if you enjoy the game.Helmet cam and speed sensitivity for the win."
76561198258227668,Recommended,234630,24092611,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Duskyt,"Project Cars is a normal racing game. Career mode in this game has little to none story line, and provides no replayability. The handling is ultra realistic, sometimes it feels a little to dramatic. There is good car selection (F1 Cars, BMW, RUF, Mercedes, and more) but there are no trucks, or anything like that. There is no car upgrading, but you can tune you're car. This game features multiplayer and you can create your own multiplayer race that anybody can join. Every aspect in the game is very very realistic. From the pit stops to the handling and speed of the cars. Overall I would rate this game a 8/10"
76561198309772950,Not Recommended,234630,24246921,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,kintam14,I just bought the game at a discounted price. But it appears that it doesn't support my VIVE. Please advise how I can play the game on my VIVE. Thanks.
76561197966556639,Recommended,234630,34891134,Posted: 11 September,all,ŁØŞŦβØƗƗ,best car sim out there for me most realistic
76561198287377626,Recommended,234630,23603490,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,salemjustice,Awesome game! i reccomend you get it if you love racing games
,Recommended,234630,23588438,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ezzy127,Amazing game! If you have VR and a Racing wheel then I recommend this even more! Amazing experience!
76561198001111502,Recommended,234630,18514746,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,cmnqei,awesome
,Recommended,234630,23304191,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Morbo????,THIS GAME GETS A LOT OF♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR BEING BAD. DONT PAY FULL PRICE FOR IT. DONT EXPECT IT TO BE THE RACING SIM TO END ALL SIMS. DONT EXPECT THE MULTIPLAYER TO BE IRACING. NOW WITH THOSE EXPECTATIONS OUT OF THE WAY THE GAME IS A LOT OF FUN. ITS GREAT FUN. ITS DEFINITELY WORTH 20 BUCKS OR LESS IF YOU LIKE RACING AND IT SEEMS HALFWAY INTERESTING. 5/7 PERFECT GAME
,Recommended,234630,25169672,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CARLOOOOOOOOOOOOOS,"Project cars+wheel+htc vive= mind blown!I can now be Lewis Hamilton without all the money, yay!"
76561198181917270,Recommended,234630,17857417,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ScrimmyBingus,Its great buuuuut it crashes quite a bit for when im doing the go kart and formula cars along with the testing some of the tracks are really glitchy. besides that a great game the graghics are great along with that while doing that is runs super smothly. best racing game ive ever played it would be better if they actually listend to their fans about the glitches crashes and all round fails maybe you should listen and fix these extremely annoying things.
76561198117294726,Recommended,234630,19695480,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,benedictsmith2,"Whilst the game is very good and the graphics are amazing, for those who do not have a top notch computer, you can find that the game almost slows to a halt, especially when racing more cars and in faster cars also.  Still a very good game"
76561197987643506,Recommended,234630,17850564,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Buddha Style,"9/10There are alot of good racing games out there, but Slightly Mad Studios are the ones who got it right in every way!Perfection is the word I like to use :)"
,Recommended,234630,18092624,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,RTarson,"After: I have sense been getting use to game but don't buy unless you have a controller, extremely hard to play with keyboard. Right now using a Xbox one controller. It seems to be a ok game. I've only sense played Online because Single/Career mode is junk. I don't want to race gokarts. Also a tutorial/starting races were they guide you along and what too look for and pit setup help would be nice!Very complex game, I've sense tweaker Graphics setting and the game looks nice.I would recommend getting if you like cars and like racing. But next project cars i'm gonna see if they make changes but still like Grid just a tad bit better! Reason being is you have a ""assistant"" a garage! A real Garage. Grid also inputs their menu into a projecter which is pretty cool and makes the game feel more premuim then project cars which is mainly GUI.Before: So far my experince with the game has been bad! The thing I hate most is that the game doesnt seem releastic. My car slides around the road too widley to be correct. Let me just say one thing never drive your mercedes IRL  if it actually spins for a good hour! This game suspensious and car movment looks great but sliding is terrible in this game! If your racing and you slide forget about it! You might as well hit the restart button. You can use brake assist but that slows you down to like 4mph its like my grandmother is trying to make a right! I dont like this game because the graphics/secenry isnt the best in Full settings. You will not find me buying PC2  but will be buying Grid 3! Not to sponsor a diffrent game but something about grid 2 is that it is very well codded and looks and feels amazing. I'm sorry makers of Project cars but it kinda sucks I've tried using a steering wheel, i still spin constently."
76561198045096230,Recommended,234630,19566012,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SURGENT,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,234630,19640801,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Massew,It's good. Play Azusa n Norde full courses.
76561198057139104,Recommended,234630,19657041,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cowboy Amos,For a Full release game for Full price i was expecting a car selection to rival forza.However that is my only complaint. good show you have given Assetto Corsa a run for there Money.I'm curious to see what they have under the hood to over take you on the next hard corner.
,Recommended,234630,20017438,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,asianturtlefrenzy,"Amazing game, Amazing graphics but to those who lack a steering wheel good luck :D"
76561197981245174,Recommended,234630,20254273,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,General E. Annoying ®™,If you are looking for a rift racer this is a good one. support for 8.0 runtime. great looking game too.
,Recommended,234630,20318512,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,FHarbor,Currently one of the best racing games out there. Strongly recommended.
,Recommended,234630,23486092,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,lagosguy,Great game. Pity it's still super buggy.
,Recommended,234630,19530394,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,xxMSAxx,"This game needs to be played with a racing wheel that you configure. The better the wheel the better the experience. To those of you who want ""a real racing experience"" yet complain about the cars breaking loose from the track when you go around corners trying to power slide  I suggest you re-evaluate what you consider to be ""real"" and the actual skill level it takes to pull a move like that off.  I turned everything to real as much as possible, spent about 30 min reading some tutorials to setup the logitech G27 and I have enjoyed the game ever since."
76561198072288290,Recommended,234630,20070792,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,LTH,best
76561198184056370,Recommended,234630,20335917,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[Faded]RockAlex™,This game is the best racing game in my opinion:-Awesome graphics-There are so many maps and cars to choose.Also i spend 10 minutes on trying to find a livery for my car.And dont forget there are many dlcs too!.-Very good driving physics.-You can even tune your car!!.-And many many more.Totaly worth buying especially if you love cars. 10/10.
,Recommended,234630,20370266,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,YaCantStopMe,"Honestly this is just a really fun racing game. Im not a serious race fan at all. I own a g27 but thats just because i seem to love spending money on my pc (dont we all). But for a casual racing player like myself this game is pretty much ideal. Racing games either come off to arcady or are way to into the sim aspect to me. I feel like this game strikes a good middle ground. It gives a good challenge without being impossible to win, and it also doesnt feel like i can just floor it to the finish line. There is enough customization in there to set it just right. I only just wish i could make it though a qualifying round without disqualifying myself everytime. But i will get there someday, lol. Each car feels different, and there is more than enough race tracks to keep me happy. The last racing game i played was need for speed shift and project cars is pretty much what i wanted shift to be i just didnt know it at the time. After playing project cars this is what i want my racing games to be for now on.The only real downside of the game is the car selection. There is something for everyone i just wish there were GTR's, Lambos and Ferrarri's. If they could include those i wouldnt have anything to complain about. Overall im glad i purchased it and its going to be a fun game to play now and then. I went and bought all the DLC too which i dont think is overpriced at all. Each one of them seemed like a good value over all."
,Recommended,234630,23017840,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,HyperTwix,"Don't play the multiplayer onless you have the fastest times in the race, bc. people are just gonna hit you in the start of the race, And you have no chance to get back in the race bc. hven you try to overtake you just get ramed again.but the single play is good :)but just try to get the best time in the warmup, or you can just stay in you'r garage and wait for the start of the race-thats what some people does.oh. and you will rage quit many many time trust me. have the sever has rage quit after the 1st turn.have fun ;)"
,Recommended,234630,23085480,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,UGene,Racing of the year 2015
,Recommended,234630,23149248,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Janitor Japes,I want a mazda 787B
,Recommended,234630,23607386,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,hexadek,"Very impressive game in VR. At one point the sun was in my eyes and I reached up to pull the visor down from the roof, and realised there was nothing there, since I was actually in my office."
,Recommended,234630,24137524,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HEC404,"I bought this game when it was on sale. When I first got it, I thought the game was based on the true story of Anne Frank. After playing it for a few hours I noticed that it actually had very little to do with Anne Frank. It's not even got anything to do with World War II.  But looking closely at the title of the game, I did see some hints that the game might have more to do with cars. And it does have cars in it. Quite a few of them even. You can also race them, which is a good bonus.If you're looking for a racing game with many cars, this might be for you. If you're expecting Anne Frank, you should look elsewhere. There's not even an Anne Frank on wheels. But that's not really a bad thing. The cars look amazing, and there are many tracks. Even German tracks (but still without Anne Frank).The game does have some glitches. Some weird artifacts show up every now and then, and sometimes the screen freezes completely while the sound (and the race) goes on. It really doesn't benefit my poor driving skills and I can only imagine what the AI must be thinking when I'm going full speed ahead when there's clearly a corner coming up. I have an excuse at least; the game is a bit messed up. For all the other times when I do exactly the same thing without the game freezing up on me, I just blame the car. Apart from the freezing, the AI seems to be able to drive on pretty much any surface without being bothered or affected by it. I swear, if this game had trees in it, AI cars would drive up them, and still overtake you.So, can I recommend this game? Yes. Yes I can. It's a lot of fun, and it's probably a good thing that there's no Anne Frank in it. She'd be getting in the way, and with me behind the wheel that's not good for anyone. I don't like hitting the breaks. I can see how this game can eat up your time and keep you entertained for hours, days,.. maybe even years. I just hope they fix the bugs it has. But, overall, this game is fun. I'm glad I got it."
76561198075525997,Recommended,234630,19889709,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,budwheizzah,"Running this with the Oculus DK2. If you can endure lower framerates in VR and would like a great entry level simulation (especially if you're looking to get the hardware - a steering wheel and pedals - as well) then this title is perfect! While the performance isn't quite there, the experience is enjoyable and the simulation is of high quality. If you're a hardcore simmer with a larger budget looking for a perfect VR experience, I would recommend iRacing over Project Cars as a first-VR-pick, but still recommend having pCars on their library for the features iRacing doesn't have, notably the AI and the higher graphical fidelity.Down the line putting aside performance I just find it lacks the presence of ovals. Even just adding Indy (including the road course and all the facility's configurations) would make this quite a complete racing experience with a perfect bang for the buck.Stereoscopic 3D first impressions video (uses YT Flash player)http://www.ilvr.dreamhosters.com/youtube-proper-player.php?v=-iKW2IUXMao"
76561197960478509,Recommended,234630,24734842,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Beekay,"Great game for racing enthusiasts & realistic racing game fans. It's a challenge and it's fun.Suggestions:- add more cars, honestly, the Japanese pack is a joke...where's the iconic Mitsubishi Eclipse and the Nissan Skyline / GTR?- add the functionality to go into options menu during the race to tweak for example control or graphics setup without having to quit the race every time, that is annoying.- add a paint shop for your car, so you can create custom looks inside the game (like in NFS for example)- make it easier to access your car setups & tuning options, the menus could need a little touch-up in terms of being user-friendly."
,Recommended,234630,28333613,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jove,One will need a steering wheel and pedals to have any fun racing this game.
76561198133268978,Recommended,234630,28948054,Posted: 2 January,all,xxerxes,"Looks great, sounds great, and will take all of your free time."
76561198274216172,Recommended,234630,20236780,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,the_swoosh_kid,amazing game! works on slow computers aswell! awesome graphics and awesome game play. (reccomend turning motion blur to low or off if you are in go kart!!)
76561197975419221,Recommended,234630,23094703,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,Amazing in the Vive with my OSW steering system.
,Recommended,234630,28788946,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Henell27,"I really like this game, because it reminds me of Gran Turismo a little bit. When i got my gaming pc i thought that there probably wasn't a good driving simulator like Gran Turismo that my pc could handle. But then i found this and i love it. I haven't gotten around to play it that much but i am sure i'll play it with my friends whenever they buy it.10/10 would recommend to anyone who likes driving simulators"
76561198313491527,Recommended,234630,29752341,Posted: 6 February,all,Postgame,"Great graphics, accurate and precise movement. The only con of this game is the AI, who seem overly aggressive than normal, making moves and decisions that threaten the life of both drivers. Anyone who does not recommend this game either; 1. Has never owned a game of the racing genre and cannot control the vehicle, or 2. Thought this was an adaption from the Pixar Movie."
,Recommended,234630,19446267,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Viz,"Best racing sim out there! They should develop a bit more the career setting as it gets boring quite fast.Other than that, as a ring fan, playing online and getting some runs down is pure awesome! Not laggy and the car box is fairly realistic, you can be door to door and you won't get lag spinned!Strongly recommended if you have a FFB wheel!"
,Recommended,234630,20302844,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kapt_Ortega,"Great game, Only thing whats missing are ferrari's and Lambo's. Hoping for an italian exp pack in 2016,would easily pay another 10 euro for that."
76561198274005388,Recommended,234630,20363356,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,doge war lord (JOJ),Fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198203335589,Not Recommended,234630,21243531,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DK1978,"Project Cars could have been a great game, it seems that laziness and an unwillingness to actually spend money on licensing has gotten in the way. Seriously, if I would have paid full retail for this game, I’d be livid. First off, it seems they completely forgot the in race soundtrack, but don’t worry they have brilliantly included Spotify “playlist”, because I need more accounts, and extra web browsing windows draining my system resources. Secondly, it seems they forgot to add three-quarters of the cars. Many of the classes feature as many as TWO, that’s right TWO, different cars in the given class! I can hardly handle the variety. Finally: “Gripyear” Tires? Really? That might have flown twenty years ago, but it’s just ridiculous. When compared to a nearly twenty year old copy of Gran Turismo, Project Cars comes up thin on cars, and lacks the branding that helps make series like GT, and Forza, feel like the real deal.When it comes to tuning the cars it feels like an afterthought. Certainly, one of the joys of modern racing games is earning custom parts, whether it’s by spending a racing purse, or an internal R&D process (ala 2003’s APEX Racing from ATARI), but there isn’t any of that going on here.  It is spec racing at every level. With those TWO choices per class expect one thing: Monotony.I can’t completely pan this game. It plays and looks great. The game engine seems to do a great job, and it’s pretty awesome seeing such a full grid, even if the cars are all the same. There are a wide variety of tracks and configurations, and the weather makes things interesting. Racing in a thunderstorm is just as dicey in game, as I imagine it would be in real life. Unfortunately, playing the game is simply a reminder of how good of a game this could have been, had proper effort been put into completing the game, rather than simply building the framework, and then dumping it into the market. It is really disappointing that console gamers still have the only decent options when it comes to a fully developed racing game, but I hold on to hope that maybe in the future, this game engine, or someone else’s, will mature into something that can actually hold my interest for an extended period of time. Until then I’ll putt around in this, or hook up my old PS3, and wistfully dream about what this game could have been."
76561197970783406,Recommended,234630,28904695,Posted: 1 January,all,Olioi,Really good. Works well on my PC without any problem. Very good feeling for the cars. Lots of tracks and cars if you purchase the GOTY bundle. Incredible graphics and sounds.
,Recommended,234630,30288883,Posted: 2 March,all,Soviet,"Smells like Forza, A++"
76561198059110622,Not Recommended,234630,32792589,Posted: 25 June,all,wirlog,I bought a racing game and what I got was WAVERACE 64 for the floatty of the cars.Bandai Namoco should keep doung bad filler anime games... which are already bad by the way.
76561198090070830,Recommended,234630,19893601,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Donnie Trumpo,"Whatever, it may not be amazing, it may not have everything you want. But it is not a bad game by any means. These thumbs down comments all have awesome points, but don't have that discourage you. This game wont have you regretting the purchase. Unless it crashes for you. Which personally didn't happen at all for me. Anyways, to be honest, if you want this game get it, if you are really skeptical, buy something that makes you feel like it would be better. To say again, this game has flaws but is not a bad game. There are just games that are better. (there,their,they're I don't care)"
,Recommended,234630,23126622,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,HazeInHeaven,"I've been playing Project Cars for several hours now, using a Logitech Driving Force GT. Now, after everything's set up (could be done rather quickly due to friendly guys on the internet providing settings for FFB) I have to say: stunning graphics, a FFB feeling I've never experienced before and a bunch of beautifully made tracks. Overall this game is the best racing game I've seen so far!There is only one minor thing: I'd wish a better career mode. But since everything else is just awesome and takes the feeling of racing games to a new level, I definitely recommend people to buy this game!"
,Recommended,234630,24276179,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NotGael,A must have if you like cars games :p
,Recommended,234630,26320617,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dashi~,Amazing sim racer 9/10Even better if you have a wheel
,Recommended,234630,26590721,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TR33FR0G,"With out a doubt, one of the best car games on the market. Could do with more player customization to give it that personal touch."
,Recommended,234630,24289979,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,nuncijs,"Very, very good game. Graphics is just awesome. Not forced scenario, just set and drive. Very big collection of cars. One of best driving game in last 3 years! Highly recommend!"
76561198335756098,Recommended,234630,25980694,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BoggledMind,VR is great
76561198106346352,Recommended,234630,28856629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DrinkableTea,Almost as good as Project Gotham Racing. 9/10
76561198300718001,Recommended,234630,30588992,Posted: 18 March,all,stephenreid524,great game but even with all the dlc bought not many liseianced cars
76561197970748815,Recommended,234630,17669257,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,gcx,"I'm a huge sim-racing fan and have played most of them since Grand Prix Circuit and Geoff Crammond's GP1. Over the years, there have been lots of potent sims, but most were weak games. This is due mostly to the fact that the opposing AI cars are hugely unbalanced (yes I'm looking at you Codemasters), often making the games unplayable in single player.When Project CARS came out, I had hight hopes that it could dethrone GTR1 and GTR2 by making the best AI possible. At first, it was a disapointment. AI cars were unbalanced from track to track and depending on the weather conditions, making the game frustrating (AI cars going 2 seconds a lap faster in the race compared to qualifying for instance).But since patch 3.0 (well 2.0 to be honest), this is all fixed! I'm now fully into my single player career and I can report that the game is very well balanced (I play at 85% difficulty). It's a blast to play and the authentic race feel is better than anything else I've played so far.Pros:+Great AI to race against with the patches+Looks good and runs smoothly (60fps with gtx660, 1080p, hish-ish settings)+Decent amount of tracksCons:-Some weird bugs (but the tend to iron them out from patch to patch)-Not as good a sim as Assetto Corsa (although it's decent, I'd say halfway between Forza and AC), but it's a much better game experience-Could have more cars, especially some of those fancy italian brandsConclusion:You've got a G27 (or better) and want a good single player racing experience, GO FOR IT."
76561197984770480,Recommended,234630,19226003,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Keisuki,"This was an entertaining game, just not quite what it was looking for.The customisation aspectes are more for actual petrol heads to fiddle, rather than the novices like myself whos are looking for fun upgrade paths etc"
76561198098299796,Recommended,234630,19896418,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,posadajulian,As good as it gets for racing simulation in our times.
,Recommended,234630,23030373,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,coolver,The best racing game ever!!Can you please release a DLC for MCLAREN P1 GTR?? i want it badly!! been waiting for so longgthanks!
76561198011798933,Recommended,234630,25330190,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Phil Ciborowski,"If you have a system to run this title completely max'ed out,  its one of the most visually stunning I have seen in a while. The rain - for example, is spectacular.  You almost feel like you are getting wet in the open cockpit cars. That aside, the cars feel good - some not as planted as they should be, others seem slightly sluggish (to me at least). The tracks are nicely detailed, and the setup options are plentiful, allowing for a good deal of customization.  The thing about this game that kills it for me, is the mostly fake paint schemes. Yes there are a few realistic ones tossed in, but not enough for my tastes.  Its def worth getting, and enjoying."
76561198167169823,Recommended,234630,20043300,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,4 slicks and petrol,i personally like the game with very few bugs and decent ai the game is fun.
76561197991452762,Recommended,234630,20276221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Polyphonix,Project CARS is good for someone looking for a racing game in between a simulation and an arcade (simcade). Not as high fidelity as something like iRacing or Assetto Corsa but definately within the relm of something like Forza 6.
76561198200763882,Recommended,234630,20322809,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,alvinoh21,"Gameplay is decent, game realism is not bad. Cars selection is quite limited though you could acquire more thru downloadable contents (purchase separately)."
,Recommended,234630,24269033,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BR3ADisONLINE,"So, I don't have a lot of time in this game but I can say that it has some of the best graphics I've ever seen. I've already gotten in the top 300 in some time trials and I want to say that is the best part of this game, putting your times against the best in the world is exhilerating."
76561198089423178,Recommended,234630,24384477,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,hungerman92,"Good game, would recommend it to hard core race fans.Though dose lack verity of different cars"
,Recommended,234630,25290929,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,gyant,Absolutely wild on the Rift!
,Recommended,234630,28003616,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Carrot Dip,Just Wow. The best racing sim money can buy.
,Recommended,234630,29815418,Posted: 9 February,all,Garett,Hard. Very Hard.
,Recommended,234630,19660617,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,andrewaltogether,"My favourite part of racing games is just taking a normal car to a track and trying to go around it as quickly as possible. While Project CARS focuses a bit too much on racing cars (GT3, F1, Le Mans, etc.), there are some normal cars that are fun to drive. The biggest hurdle for me (and it almost stopped me from buying the game on PC), was the controller support. You definitely can't drive with a mouse & keyboard, but wheels are expensive, so I just used my old XBox 360 controller. The default settings are woefully inadequate, and it takes research and time to figure out what each setting does and where you want it. After a couple hours (literally), you'll get the right set-up and everything will start to come good. (One of the biggest problems with the settings is that you have to quit any race or hotlap, change the settings in the main menu, and then reload the track - you can't change things and test them on-the-fly.) The graphics are impressive, to say the least, and aren't very taxing, either. I have a mobile graphics chip (GTX 680MX), but I can still run it on a 1440p monitor at 45 FPS with excellent settings.TL;DR - Go back and read it, it's not long and your brain will thank you."
76561198070531183,Recommended,234630,23680637,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ana-kid-sondad-WinZip,Absolutely love it. Favorite since GRID 1.
,Recommended,234630,24393115,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,joho6,"So far the menu music is amazing! And I just tried out a Formula A car because I like F1 2013, and the realistic settings is amazing in Project Cars! The whole ♥♥♥♥ing wheel went off when I smashed into a wall. That would never happen in F1 2013. I also cooked the engine somehow, this is ♥♥♥♥ing great.Edit:CONS: Needs better audio customization. If I want to turn down the sound from the wind blowing on the track, it also turns down the volume of the woman speaking and other stuff."
76561198023864354,Recommended,234630,26325757,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Boowman,"Great driving.Beautiful.Good single player experience.Lots of cars.Very good, if not the best, in VR!Minor problems using TrackIR"
76561198142255184,Recommended,234630,27840855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,benis :D,"nice grafics, nice physics, a lot of cars and tracks love it"
76561198007728417,Recommended,234630,28278007,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Vasileio,Amazing
76561198105668216,Recommended,234630,30418645,Posted: 9 March,all,Lilracerdude,"Here is my indepth review of Pcars:1.GameplayThe game play is as accurate as it can get yes physics are a problem with almost all other racing games included. This game has a terrible mulitplayer community like most racing games. These people play with keyboards and controllers insted of wheels and crash into you even when you give them feet of room.2.CareerLike most racing games its starts you off with cheap slow cars and slowly works you up to faster cars with harder opponents. It is nice and the ai have moddest driving styles mostly because they follow the driving line.3.Cars/tracksThis game has 2 maybe three times the cars and tracks of anyother pc racing game so far. The onlything it doesnt have are Porsches but it has some Rufs. The tracks are very percise and they look good with no 2D tree ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Final thoughts:This game is what you get. It speaks for itself it plays fine yeas physics are stupid but its fun thats all that counts. I recommend using a wheel and pedals and if you can learn how to use H pattern shifing to keep the multiplayer fun, fast, clean racing. Thanks!"
76561198079678323,Not Recommended,234630,31240642,Posted: 19 April,all,Major Painless,"Worst user interface experience in all of vr. Constantly needing to get out of vr headset to use keyboar and mouse, which doesn't work when the mouse pointer gets locked in the corner. Alt + Tab to desktop to free it up then i can click, climb back in race chair, put on headaset, etc... pain in the butt."
76561198042896158,Recommended,234630,33217250,Posted: 3 July,all,=NOLB=Wrathow,"So if you are reading this you are looking to pick from all these racing game. I just went through it so let me try to help.I play with a controller, i am not a hardcore simulation guy but i like it pretty real. My favorite all time was Gran Turismo.Now this game is more sim that GT and you dont have the paint up your own ride options.But its a ton of fun and the graphics are great, the weathers great.When you are in career mode. You start out as a go kart driver and work up. So at the end of each season you can pick from offered contracts for what you will drive the next season. And along the racing calender you will get offered to drive in events other than your main team to keep things mixed up and not boring. And each race series has a slider that you can set the other drivers at from 1-100. So you can get in your sweet spot where most races are to your exact same level.Well worth it, beutiful and fun game.Have nto even tried onlien so cant comment on that."
76561198164747668,Recommended,234630,19627837,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kek700,"really needs triple screen support, needs control of online nutters , perhaps a smash into anybody races just for people with  low IQ.perhaps only race if you qualify.A very good sim and game, not that far from being the best with a bit of tweaking here and there."
,Recommended,234630,33467722,Posted: 11 July,all,Clokko,"MUST BE PLAYED WITH CONTROLLER, OR ELSE THE GAME IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DO ANYTHING WITH. I made this mistake before and now I don't know where my controllers are and I can't play the game properly. However, I have seen other people play it with controllers and it looks to be very fun."
,Recommended,234630,23589818,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Skid Marx,"This game is fantastic, it is easily the best racing game on steam.The Good:The racing mechanics are perfect, the best I have ever come across and I have played a lot of racing simswide array of carswide array of tracksfantastic tuning system for your carscareer mode is captivating and really the only racing game that has career structured realistically with teams and championshipsI love the forced feedback even though a lot of people criticize it, I love it because it means that you have to control understeer much moreEvery car feels fantastic and handles exactly how it should because they hand built each oneVery good online modeThe Bad:Collision mechanics aren't greatYou will need to adjust the control and sensitivity settings for your steering (once you get it right it is fantastic though)Online a lot of people will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off with their drivingDamage mechanics are bad, it is impossible to get damage on your engine, trans., ect., the car is always drivable after a crash unless you lose a wheel, even 100+ mph into a concrete wall you can drive awayAs far as I am concerned there is only one rival for this game, Forza, which used to be xBox specific, but is now coming out for PC. The mechanics are slightly more arcadey, and though it doesn't have any of the problems that Project CARS has, it does have its own. Just check this out before you purchasehttps://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/apps/forza-motorsport-6-apex-beta/9nblggh3shm7"
76561198015510962,Recommended,234630,24198046,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Viperss,"This is a Great Driving game ,"
,Recommended,234630,26684538,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,cwgtempel,Ausum Racing game!Thanks
,Recommended,234630,27347690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CozyBurrito,"Great game, amazing graphics!!"
,Recommended,234630,27620497,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,samuelalmeida,"Realy good simulator, very hard to stop playing ;)"
76561198164803456,Recommended,234630,28283312,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Serenity&JUN,sim
76561198166551508,Recommended,234630,28787681,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fotball,good but i miss that u can buy your own cars
,Recommended,234630,28881831,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NonstopSuperguy,"Project CARS provides excellent simulation gameplay despite its problematic multiplayer. Here's my review.The game was designed around the community; hence the name's acronym ""CARS"". Community Assisted Racing Simulator. It is easily one of the best racing simulators out there. It has excellent compatibility when it comes to external controllers like wheels and console controllers. The racing is fluid and feels like real life.However, that does not mean it's without problems. During development it was delayed several times, due mostly to bugs. It should have been delayed longer as the game was far from complete when it released. The multiplayer worked sometimes, but had major problems when races started (cars spawning on their roofs before race start). Racing on certain tracks got you stuck in the pit box for the rest of the race. That was just scartchibg the surface in terms of bugs that greeted us when the sim released.But there's been many patches since then, And since then they've added new content and a host of bug fixes that make the disastrous release a thing of the past. I will 100% recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good racing simulator. PS: it is amazing in VR."
,Recommended,234630,29672074,Posted: 3 February,all,GT1,its almost impossible to play with controller.[do it might just be me]. otherwise 9/10
,Recommended,234630,30173983,Posted: 25 February,all,BuFF,Great graphics and very fun to play!
76561197975698109,Recommended,234630,31280063,Posted: 21 April,all,LazerShoes,"This is an excellent game, I really do love it.  The graphics and sound are top notch to my eyes and ears.  Love the roar of the engines, screetch of tires.  The cars are all exquisitely detailed, and seem very accurate to the real thing.  Easily one of the most exciting PC gaming experiences I've ever had.That being said, if you want to get into this I'd really suggest that a force feedback wheel is *mandatory*.  So that is $200-300 for a decent one, plus a wheel stand for added comfort is another $100.  That makes this game quite an investment, and it definitely won't be for everyone.  I'd also recommend getting all the DLC.I started with it using an xbox controller and found that I could barely control most of the cars, the steering would be horrifically jerky and I would spin out of control all the time.  Once I got a wheel it was a total gamechanger.  I've honestly not had such excitement from a PC game in years, and my hands were shaking after my first race and I was grinning from ear to ear.With a good force feedback wheel you'll feel every bump, every spinout and oversteer, and need to constantly make corrections.  It's amazing how immersive it feels.  When you're in the middle of a good race you'd be hard pressed to find a more thrilling PC gaming experience.I find Project Cars to also be a very, very difficult experience.  I'm a total novice to racing and most of the time I really struggle to make a good lap time, sometimes even staying on the track is a struggle.  There are many variables you can change with how the controls work and how each car is tuned.  All of this added up makes for a very high degree of customization, but it will also completely overwhelm anyone new to racing.Furthermore, each car handles differently, and will require different tuning for optimal performance.  To complicate matters even further, each track presents different challenges and serious drivers will have a specific tuning for every track.  This is a mind blowing level of variables for a racing novice to grasp, and will likely frustrate you greatly.You really will also have to put in some time to develop your skills, as this is an unforgiving experience and little mistakes will cost you a race.  You've got to know the ins and outs of each track, and the nuances of the car you're racing in.  If you like that kind of stuff, you're gonna love this!The career mode is a lot of fun.  You can pretty much race whatever you want, or go through a progression of smaller, simpler cars and work your way up to high speed open wheel cars like F1.  There are sponsorship deals and trophies and all kinds of accolades you can achieve.  I like the social media stuff, with fake online accounts posting about your racing performance.  They will praise you for winning, and flame you for losing.  It's a great touch and seems authentic to what racing fans post online about real races.Some things I don't like about Pcars is the AI--its garbage.  The AI drivers are pretty much flawless and appear to be on-rails.  They rarely make mistakes.  They will ram you and try to drive you off the track.  You can change their level from 0-100, which is a very welcome level of customization.  But lowering it seems to only affect how fast they go, not how 'good' they are at driving.  Even at low levels they will drive nearly perfectly, just slower.The online experience is highly mixed.  Since this is a racing sim, not Grand Theft Auto, you're supposed to drive like you don't want to kill yourself or the other drivers.  In practice you'll be mercilessly rammed off the track at every turn by the other players.  Very few actually try to drive clean.  There are penalties, but rammers know how to exploit them so it actually penalizes you instead of them.  Apparently this will be addressed in PCars 2, but beware of this if you really want to play online now.  It's infuriating.There will also be hilarious (and annoying) traffic jams, mass collisions, cars spinning out of control and crashing at all points in any online race.  Just like real racing, you need a quick reaction speed (and luck) to avoid crashing into a spun out car in the middle of the track.  And your position can be quickly ruined by crashing into other players or by making the slightest mistake.  It's very competitive and quite fun if you manage to get into a game with clean drivers.Latency is also an issue, with cars warping and rubber banding constantly.  I think you would need to find a dedicated group of players in private games for the best online experience.One thing lacking is car customization in terms of paint and cosmetic things.  This is a pure racing sim, not an arcade game.  So the cars come the way they are and you can't add things like spoilers or turbos etc.  The only things you can change are different tires, and mechanical handling/tuning options.Overall, PCars is an excellent game and I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in racing.  A wheel is mandatory for the best experience.  I cannot stress that enough.It could also lead you to become interested in the real life thing.  I'm finding myself watching Indycar and F1 races, something I've never had the slightest interest in before."
76561198312543764,Recommended,234630,32895397,Posted: 27 June,all,LingYaoFMA,This game has a lot of promise.  It is a great game with amazing visuals just difficult without a racing wheel.
,Recommended,234630,27291968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sub7R,"Project CARS производит неизгладимое впечатление. Здесь хочется рассматривать каждую деталь кузова и салона, каждый скрупулезно отрисованный болтик. И звучат автомобили ничуть не менее достойно. Хорошая акустическая система дает преимущество в гонках — вы сможете определить, с какой стороны приближается соперник, а тоннель узнаете даже с закрытыми глазами по глухому эхо двигателя. Погода и время суток во время заезда меняются, а кроме того, приводятся в соответствие с реальными данными по региону. Правда, в Driveсlub погода смоделирована ярче и, скажем так, натуральнее, зато для Project CARS характерны исключительные, незаурядные ситуации, которые природные условия могут создать в ходе гонки.Если в солнечный день неожиданно начнется дождь, вам придется ехать в боксы, чтобы сменить резину, и переосмысливать всю стратегию. А может выйти так, что квалификацию на малознакомой вам трассе Брэндс-Хэтч вы будете проходить в туман и, вынужденные осторожничать, не попадете по результатам даже в первую десятку. Project CARS учит на лету приспосабливаться и не щадит тех, у кого это не получается.Словом, во всем, что вы видите здесь в первую очередь, Project CARS исключительно хороша."
,Not Recommended,234630,32790818,Posted: 25 June,all,gorefat,Very hard to play. Overly complicated. Needs other controlers besides the htc vive.
76561198223491396,Recommended,234630,35054769,Posted: 18 September,all,Jewishredneck01,"Great Singele player mode, I enjoy  messung arond on diffrint tracks"
,Recommended,234630,32806425,Posted: 26 June,all,WoozyCrab,Project CARS is for people who like a racing simulation without too much of the fancy stuff.
76561198275781975,Recommended,234630,29704560,Posted: 4 February,all,YC-CY,"I really hope they can add more cars in it! But other than that, this is the best racing game i ever seen!!!"
76561198287826873,Not Recommended,234630,32794150,Posted: 25 June,all,graeme839,"1: Graphics on a AMD card, hard to set up..2: The cars, graphically, look like they are hovering, over the ground. also feel that way3: I am from Australia, Great to see Bathurst available, but the track is incorrect.. putting tyre walls in wrong place..4: I have driven Bathurst, many times, and the track, you get with Supercars, on the original Xbox, is more correct..5: and its gameplay, feel, is more responsive..6: Glad i didnt pay full price for the program..7: with a xbox controller on PC, u feel like, there is a time delay, for response..8: I have a i7, 24gig ram, ssd boot drive, and the response is slow..?9: get it cheap, fun to play around with, but true race car, no where close..Gus"
,Recommended,234630,23891304,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bugatti921,have g29 and HTC Vive an amazing game in this would recommend 10/10.P.S. Please add a bugatti veryon support sport ;D
76561198017054123,Recommended,234630,23672957,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Moondancer,one of the best racing sims on steam!!!!!
,Recommended,234630,33170114,Posted: 2 July,all,RYnx,great sim eva. thats all.
76561198219443840,Recommended,234630,34588880,Posted: 29 August,all,🍑 - Trent - 🍑,"I usually hit the walls but hey, nice graphics doing so"
,Recommended,234630,25981458,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Elvindy,Pro:- Amazing Graphic- Pro AI- Realistic Car- Realistic Handling- Easy to learn- Amazing soundCons:No ferrariNo lamborghiniSay no more BUY IT!!
,Recommended,234630,34999133,Posted: 16 September,all,DyingDreams,"I bought a G27 just for this, no disappointed.10/10 would crash a 10M$ car again"
,Recommended,234630,28561698,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BIznItch...,"looks and plays  great, wish i could see my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the drivers seat. recommend!"
,Recommended,234630,16914616,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,OneStep,I don't have much experience with Racing games but I gotta say that I am really digging this game.
,Recommended,234630,16323969,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rewdalf,"The cars are fantastically modeled.The controls are tight and responsive.There is a perfect amount of realism.The sounds are spot-on.Rating it on what it is, this game iseasilyworth the money, and should be a must-buy for any racing enthusiasts.Running an intel system with a GTX770. Optimization is great, and the environments look stunning.Plus, all previous multiplayer issues have been looked into."
,Recommended,234630,16261628,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,hofcake,Crashes all the timeEDIT:It does not crash as often but still is very unstable. When this game does work it is an AMAZING racing simulator.
,Recommended,234630,31885034,Posted: 21 May,all,ÐJ | naughtydog,"Pretty good game. Havent gotten too much into it to do a full review, but nice!"
76561198073664832,Not Recommended,234630,32418540,Posted: 14 June,all,regsy578,"I am having big problems with this game , When it works which is not that regular , it plays for a short while then crashes my system . None of my other games do this . So please help me anyone if you have any sencible sugestions ."
76561198036058645,Recommended,234630,28719029,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lostroads,Sweet racing game
,Not Recommended,234630,22410899,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Urho Kekkonen,"Buggy, no logic and you just spin around the track."
76561198155407778,Not Recommended,234630,17973699,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Vlad The Inhaler,"Changes my desktop backround when launched, werid."
,Recommended,234630,25175945,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Leftovers,Really good game here if you like racing that is realistic and beautiful really fun when your just playing at 3am listening to random music.
,Recommended,234630,28658052,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Caligula,"At the time i´m writing this, i have played 3.2 hours, and is all i needed to say that this is a beautiful, and rewarding driving experience. With an usb wheel, and the helmet camera, i feel like Fangio."
76561197967347193,Recommended,234630,28653935,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Neckbone Wilson,Solid racing game.  Enjoy starting from the bottom tiers of racing and working my way up to bigger and better cars.
76561198032530210,Not Recommended,234630,21080578,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ruicunha_tv,"This game has amazing graphics, one of the best in racing titles, but it´s not fair to call this a sim racing game, this game was intended to be played with joypad, if you have a wheel car just doesnt feel real, you have almost no chance in controling the car when it slides a bit, it´s just a very small gap between grip and total uncontrolable rear.Î play sim racing games since gtlegends, and gtr, project cars has a terrible online experience, every idiot can join every race, cars have a bit of lag when online, it´s almost impossible to have real close racing online.This game is intended to be played offline just to enjoy the graphics, when it comes to ffb things dont seem real.Conclusion: This aint a simrace title, this is something like grand turismo for Pc."
76561198298507811,Recommended,234630,32617087,Posted: 21 June,all,JemIrie,Good luck and have fun!
76561198391743486,Recommended,234630,32515933,Posted: 17 June,all,AJKX,best game ever'
76561198086662205,Recommended,234630,22484493,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,STARCORE,"looks fantastic..  best of any driving sim imo BUT driving feel is poor imo. desite much setting up and adjustments. Also, AI strange and I dont like the way we can not drive out of the pits .. strange starting feel.I'll keep dabbling with it but not fully happy by the handling so far.Update... after a lot more tweaking its much better on the g27 wheel setup. handling still not ideal but good enough to give the thumbs up"
76561197990379725,Recommended,234630,24460676,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Whippy107,"After searching for a suitable modern replacement for GTR2, I narrowed my choices down to two, one of which was Project Cars.  I tried another sim which looked really good but the ""feel"" of the cars was just not there for me.  I then returned the former and bought Project Cars which ended up being the BEST decision!  Project Cars is the BEST!  I love how you must use heel-toe braking in order to keep from spinning while going into corners.  I love the way you can scale down the skill of the opponents without it making them drive all weird.  The graphics look great to me, something some folks have considered a drawback to Project Cars.  My only complaint about Project Cars is how AI takes your car over when you enter the pits.  I really REALLY would like to make this optional. (maybe it is?)"
,Recommended,234630,24653792,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gag0n1t_Bchz,my pc cant handle this... get the maddest lags ever. wish i could play this without the constant lag effects and delays.
,Recommended,234630,24677181,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Voodoogamer,"Holy cow do I love this game in VR! Best car driving experience on VR right now, and so worth the price! I even got the car packs :-)Pros:1.  Totally immersive. Sounds are phenomenal. I don't use the audio to headphones in VR. I use my 7.1 Ch surround for my home theater. Go through a tunnel fast and you will smile (Spain Barcelona track I believe is an easy one)2. Allows you to use controllers you may already have ( I have a Logitech 27 or something steering wheel, separate accelerator/brake/clutch and gear shifter.  I bought if for my PS3, but saw all sorts of inputs available in the control setup and plugged this into my PC. AND it works! I don't play my PS3 much, but I am going to get my money's worth for the wheel.Cons: Crash physics are a bit tame.Wishes:1.  Would love a crash mode and some city driving, but perhaps better for another game.2.  I'd like to figure out how I can steer with my VR controller or a mouse and accelerate and brake with the 2 buttons on it, doesn't seem so wild. Perhaps I just need to play with the settings more."
,Recommended,234630,25420613,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,mhowardzz,"Project CARS is the best racing sim I have ever played. Graphics are incredible, physics are realistic, and career mode is interesting. The only thing I could ask for in this game is driver customization, such as custom glove, suits, helmets, ect."
,Recommended,234630,26276533,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NK,"The best racing game I have ever played. Absolutely beautiful graphics, realistic physics, great cars and very detailed tracks all sum up a great game. I'd highly recommend buying this IF you have a racewheel or are planning to buy one, because as with most pc racers the game is nearly unplayable on higher skill levels with a controller or keyboard.All in all still a great game."
,Recommended,234630,26362106,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,C0UN7-:-Z3R0,V good.
76561198056713649,Recommended,234630,26469327,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Darth Maul,Very detailed graphics and realistic physics.
76561198027908472,Recommended,234630,26764966,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Domo,Project Cars is the most realistic racing sim on PC to date.Controller or wheel highly recommended.
,Recommended,234630,26782519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CondAer,"Not as realistic as Assetto Corsa in my opinion, but it sure looks great, it still has good physics (as long as you dont want to flip over) and it looks amazing. Sounds are great as well, and it is great fun to race against your friends in custom lobbies. In singleplayer though, the AI is just abyssmal."
,Recommended,234630,26823715,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MoonCrawlerVG,"The controls are pretty realistic and it teaches you a lot if your pretty new to racing games, The only thing I would change is the UI of the career mode."
,Recommended,234630,27023975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A 2017 Civic Type R,Playing this game in VR with the Vive is one of the ultimate experiences in my life. I doubt I'll ever get to drive a supercar on a track so this will most likely be the closest I will get.
,Recommended,234630,27826778,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GwanSuNi,갓겜.
76561198272419701,Recommended,234630,27906315,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,james.rossignuolo,"I love this game. It is my favorite racing next to the Gran Turismo series. But  I have been having one small problem with it, I have a 27in pc moniter and the game does'nt take up the hole screen. I have googled this problem, and I've tried going to the screen setting on my moniter, and in the game. I am not that good with computers to understand this type problem. None of my other games that I've downloaded from steam do this only Project cars. If there is an update for this problem or if anyone else knows how to fix it please help me thank you."
76561198038251987,Recommended,234630,27927530,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Suspect,"The Best Racing Game all Categories. I just wish there was even more cars to choose from, thats all."
,Recommended,234630,27956757,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,slaesher,It's still the best racing game for me. 10/10
76561198061449032,Recommended,234630,27963885,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The_Ultimatefox,realy cool game to play but if you buy the game i Recommend that you have an controler or a steering wheel for the game the mouse and keybord are not a good option for the game but the controler an steering wheel's are. :)
,Recommended,234630,27980488,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ксюня:*,Nice Game ^^
,Recommended,234630,28006598,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wwaakkaattaakk,Simply amazing
,Recommended,234630,28090121,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,unnamed,amazing racing game
76561198084828413,Recommended,234630,28126564,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Storm,Just awesome.
76561198259121721,Recommended,234630,28303160,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Doc.Cat,"I got this game Plus all DLC for a good price and i think that it was well worth the money.In my opinion I think racing games are my most favorite games because my first Video Game i played was Lego Racers (1999 for PC) so thats why i like racing games the most .Project cars was introduced to me by my Uncle (who has a passion for cars) and he realy loved this game (for ps4) but i was more into Grand Turismo (PS3) Need For Speed (PS3) and Forza (XB1) at the time and still today a fan of those games.One day on steam (when the black friday sale was around) i saw Project cars AND DLC for like $30 all together i thought ""well ok lets give it a try"" later i installed the game and what i think it's a pretty good racing game.Pros: Outstanding Sharp grathics, good price (it was on sale), a good amout of cars (DLC) and it meets all the basics for a racing game.Cons: Wrong sounds for some of the cars, Bad controlls, and thats mostly it.I reconmend get this game ON SALE."
,Recommended,234630,28335465,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,AJewishGardenGnome,"This game is dope, definately recommend a controler at least and a wheel and petals to even be competitive online."
,Recommended,234630,28447530,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mikinnear,"I love Project Cars, very good game that becomes highly addictive, I am very happy to finally own this on PC."
,Recommended,234630,28817290,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,THEhawkMASTERofDOOM,"LOVE this game, the simulation is unreal like no other i will recommend this game to anyone."
76561198044483935,Recommended,234630,29795960,Posted: 8 February,all,Ambien Walrus,"Using a controller is way too haphazard when playing this game.  Id only recommend to someone if they already own a steering wheel and pedal assembly.  Ill stick to Forza, where I dont have to shell out $300+ on another controller to feel like it plays well."
76561198141804013,Recommended,234630,30240538,Posted: 28 February,all,Glat,"As a single player game it shines as one of the best driving sims out there, with a wheel this game truly is like no other. The force feedback is amazing and you feel every bump and elevation change on the wide range of tracks and roads. The car list slightly lacks the likes of farrari and lamborgini but the 60 or so cars that are in the game all handle amazingly and are all different from each other. The multiplayer for this game is fun but the matchmaking and lobbys need alot of work to keep people playing. Overall this game is a must have for any players with a wheel but if you only have a controller then give it a miss.8.5/10"
76561197971093874,Recommended,234630,30251843,Posted: 28 February,all,-=WARPIG8993=-,"I'm playing this game throught the HTC Vive and so far it is up in top rankings for a VR seated experience in my opinion. One of the few games not in early access that work in VR.  ALthough,   It's not perfect.  I had to spend a bit of time working out the controller settings to get the Logitec steering wheel working.  However to be fair, you do see a disclaimer in the begining that the controller is not supported in VR.  Only keyboard and mouse or xbox type controllers are supported.   However, the wheel does work despite the warning.  There are calibration settings in the game to get the wheel and buttons set the way you like it.   It reminds of the game GTR and is a decent mix between an arcade and simulation.    The VR 3D environment works well  but the VR limitations show up as the image is fuzzy looking at distance but, close up is very clear. This is more noticable on the larger tracks.      I highly recommend using a good pair of noise canceling headphones.  The audio comes to life and really ties it all together better with headphones then desktop speakers.    Visually, it reminds of Need for Speed:shift. Just like the controller settings I had to work out the video settings to look ok in the headset.  I had ot turn off all ""god rays"" and lens flare  because they are very distracting and did not look realistic in 3D.  I've only been able to race against the AI with the go carts because I can't make a clean lap around the track. However,  I haven't spent any time working on vehicle setup as most of my time has been spent getting the settings right for VR.    The game has a reasonable menu for vehicle setup but I don't know how changing the settings has an effect with driving in the game.    For VR - there is no competition for the HTC Vive.  For me ,this is the de facto race gave for the Vive at the moment but you will need to put some work into the game settings to get it working well in VR.     Overall - a very good game and VR experience.   I play on a Nvidia GTX1070 8Mb - Intel i7 3.4ghz and 12 Gb of system memory."
76561198124052952,Recommended,234630,30806266,Posted: 28 March,all,CJ,"This game is very realistic, adds so many cool real features that really puts you into the game as if you were there.overall very enjoyable and entertaining."
,Recommended,234630,30947437,Posted: 4 April,all,REFiNED,"Great game for people who like racing sims and are car guys.If you come from an MMO or FPS background, i dont see a pointin buying this.Also dont buy this if your gonna ram people out the way to getpast them, go buy Flatout or GTA V if you want to do that."
,Recommended,234630,31700027,Posted: 12 May,all,Mik supachok,hard control this game is good
76561198353391794,Recommended,234630,32330808,Posted: 10 June,all,porschekg,"This simulator is extremely well put together. That is saying a lot as I was very impressed with Assetto Corsa which had been my sole race simulator up to this point. Yes Project Cars is a litle light when i come to the great marques; however it more than makes up for that with the experience provide by a well executed, realistic environment, which is sadly where Assetto corsa is a bit short. As Porsche owner and enthusiast, a bespoke Porsche addon for this would seal the deal as far as I'm concerned. Criticisms I've read regarding the behaviour and physics of the cars in some other eviews are abit pointless. If you haven't driven the real car what is your point of comparison -I doublt many heare have actually driven a Zonda or an Audi R18!!! As someone who OWNS and DRIVES a 911, the physics demonstrated by the RUF cars is pretty close to spot on. In fact I find the experience in Assetto Corsa more unrealistic as the level of understeer in that simulator borders on ridiculous!!! I only hope that Project Cars is not neglected once Project Cars 2 is released."
,Recommended,234630,27410745,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,僕和セクス大好き,"It's fun and it lets you start from literally the bottom of Motorsports. You can drive a massive range of cars in this game but the only thing I wish it had was an expansion that contained JDM and more Classic race cars and had some better Drifting physics, but then it wouldn't be the wonderful experience that it is currently.9/10"
,Recommended,234630,27910445,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Double_J_75,god damn this game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard
,Recommended,234630,28006699,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,gonchimaster,Awesome game.
76561198013654057,Recommended,234630,28010537,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DJ133,Probably the best car game ever if you like real racing
,Recommended,234630,28028701,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,huzz,Bathurst!
76561198207005932,Recommended,234630,29827051,Posted: 10 February,all,T-REX,its great game(:i get him in♥♥♥♥
76561198054627455,Recommended,234630,30003428,Posted: 18 February,all,reLoad,"Even while using a cheap racing wheel, Speedlink Drift OZ, the game still delivers an amazing racing experience. 10/10"
76561197972415945,Recommended,234630,25800303,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dolphinminer,its a epic game with epic graphics and try it out and be prepaird
76561198069575453,Recommended,234630,26261699,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Flightcontrol,"I like the game a lot, it is one of the best racing games to day. However, the cars are a bit limited. More cars should be in the game, it is not realistic having to race with mostly the same cards all over again."
76561197975308075,Recommended,234630,26547554,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hotrod,I love the graphics and the game play of this game....well worth the money..I have recomended it to alot of people and they just love it...to put it over the top would be the addition of some NASCAR tracks.....if there would be NASCAR tracks the HOLE NASCAR community will just go crazy for this game and the game play
,Recommended,234630,28823336,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hogarfield,"First impresions: one of the best racing games ever. Stunning graphics and physics. If you like arcade racing -  don't buy ! Seems well optimized, on FX8350, HD7790 1GB, 8 GB RAM, SSD, it runs flawless and smooth on ALL max settings including SMAA... Also forget playing on keyboard, you need at least good controller with analog buttons."
,Recommended,234630,30011615,Posted: 18 February,all,EVR Morvic,"Project CARS has it's pros and cons, and personally I wouldn't be able to rate this game from 1 to 10 scale. Before I say anything - game gives the best experience with a Force Feedback wheel. You can drive pretty fast on a controller, but still a wheel is a wheel. Now:Pros:- Physics and FFB, they're really good and relatively easy to control. Does not make you frustrtated at first sight, takes time to master, but doesn't require alien skills to enjoy the game.- Graphics, as a racing sim, this game has really good graphics. That's the thing other sims don't have.- Car variety, although the game has pretty much DLC's (they're cheap though), the game offers pretty nice variety of car classes.- Sounds, they're really ok compared to other sims.- Tracks, as non-laser scanned tracks they give the feeling of pretty real.- Car setup, gives the feeling that you are a ""lord"" of your car, you can adjust it for every track and make it feel however you want.- Pretty big amount of slots in multiplayer. Depends on track (pit slots), but it allows you to race with about 30 more drivers.- Weather and time (progression and variety), the weather you can choose (ON EVERY TRACK!) is really good. You can start a race on every date and time of the day you want.Cons:- Bugs. I mean, BUGS. Loads of bugs. If you are a patient person then you may not pay so much attention to them, but it ruined my humor multiple times. Game crashes when loading on multiplayer, FFB vanishing after exiting the pits. I could really write an essay.- Server unstability. One thing I've noticed and many of my friends also did, servers aren't stable. Every time I attended a 2.4h race I got disconnected half way through (along with few other people). I believe that it happened when weather changed.- Drifting / Saving. It's hard, I know that I mentioned physics as a pro, but this is a moderate problem. Drifting is impossible. Saving oversteer - it is possible, but not how it should be. If you don't react early enough - you're dead. You should be able to correct oversteer ages later.- Career mode, most people see this as a pro, but I feel that it's not that good. I maybe did 2 or 3 races and I got bored, never looked back at it.- AI Driving style - they're too agressive and they drive like they didn't know principles of clean, safe and fair racing.- UI - I'd expect more from that kind of game. It's just not enough.I think that's it, I hope I helped. :)"
,Recommended,234630,31040769,Posted: 9 April,all,That Weeaboo,"Its a yes for me, it has good controls,nice graphics, lots of cars and you can make a custom livery in photoshop10/10"
,Recommended,234630,24530797,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Orange pallet jack,This is the first game that fully works with my logitech g27 steering wheel. I am truly impressed with the gameplay and await the vr  when it becomes more affordable.
,Recommended,234630,25518626,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,-==+T3RMAN8R Unit ALPHA+==-,"One of my favorite car games along with SpinTires, Dirt 3, F1 2014 and Grid 2.They cover so much of the motorsports community but the amount of realism and detail in this game is amazing! Honestly Dirt 3 (for rally/gymkhana), SpinTires (for offroading) and this game is all you need!"
76561198007995139,Recommended,234630,25745885,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,jmicks144,"great game with a good amount of variety of tracks, vehicles too. Who wouldnt want to drive down California Highway in a NASCAR car? Definitly recommend this."
76561197998459484,Recommended,234630,26016578,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Eraserman,"I love the track locations and the car choices in project cars. The physics behind everything is great, not the absolute best but good. would by again. Wish they had some Porshes but porshe doesn't let anyone put their cars in their games wich is dumb. Guess ill just have to survive with the RUFF cars they have."
76561198238149070,Recommended,234630,26290501,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,A.Campo,"Very advanced graphics, full of features, can make changes to the cars enhancing performance"
,Recommended,234630,26470282,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gamerhoofster-pony,"I tried to like this ""racing game"" that ""racing fans"" said they wanted. I am a racing fan, I love to race cars. Being introduced to racing at the age of six I delveloped skills over the years. I can adapt to most racing games but my main skill is drifting for I find it to be a quick way to get around a coner faster and giving me the edge. Project Cars offers a lot but this is for the fans who don't have the need for speed. Playing this for only 5hrs I found this game to be lacking in racing department. I followed the race line, I followed instruction I was given but no matter what I did, the car wouldn't listen.A racer/driver needs to be in sync with the car they drive. Tuning it to their needs/skill. Project Cars offer a customization but a poor customization. Messing with everything to fit my skill, I couldn't get the car I was driving to do what I wanted. To a simple slow down to pushing the peddel in results of the car spazing out at disspointment of 10mph. When a car spinnes out at 10mpr, you know that you and the car won't ever be in sync.Now I will say this the graphics is awesome and the car sounds epic. The car selection is decent. Controls can be learned quickly. The gameplay is simple and to the point. Is this game for those who want the Nascar feel...yes. Is this game for those who want speed...no. If you are use to Need For Speed type play, this game will make you mad but you are one who plays Nascar games then this is for you. This game is an average game because its for specific player.What made me buy the games the VR support (HTC Vive/Oculus Rift). Allowing people to play with the virtual reality system was awesome add-on. However I pretty much never moved my head when using the Vive so using the VR system isn't any different from playing on a monitor.The game gets a 6/10 score from me. 5 score for being average and 1 score for allowing virtual reality support."
76561198095788333,Recommended,234630,27337496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,romainv1950,best racing game i know !!!
,Recommended,234630,27418021,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dacvu0010,Good !
,Recommended,234630,27450660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jack,cool
,Recommended,234630,26419098,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SoA|Captainploo,"Getting into this game was extremely difficult. It's a detailed, thrilling, and exciting racing game. Though, I felt like there could've been more of a tutorial that introduced new players into the racing genre. Because it was lacking this I felt like this game lost a large amount of players and seekers. The game also makes it feel like you need to purchase unnecessary accessories like a racing wheel, if you want to be good at the game.Putting that all aside,  the graphics are amazing, the cars have outstanding detail, and the maps are once in a blue moon amazing. You are able to control everything in this game. From the players to the weather and then some. There is also a great amount of detail that goes into creating your own car, for example tire pressure and the kinds of trends they have.The game is a little on the pricy side, but if you love detailed racing games then this is for you. I recommend something else if you only played racing games on your phone or Mario kart on your Wii. As this game has real like physics, like not speeding up going into a turn or you will spin out of control."
76561198144398745,Recommended,234630,26964930,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Driver,"Beautiful graphics, great selection of cars, amazing physics."
,Recommended,234630,27743132,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,M1NTY,Game is amzing v tec is insane
76561198025030743,Recommended,234630,27810886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,equinoxe.media,Waited a while for this game. I think i finally found the reason to go VR + steering wheel! :)
76561198205719351,Recommended,234630,28319801,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ビッグペニス,"very good, eye porn"
76561198093571298,Recommended,234630,30279138,Posted: 2 March,all,Nielsen Ein Scooter bOi,Really Good game love it but snow and ice on tracks could be nice and some more standard cars like Audi RS6 or Ford mustang shelby gt500 or a nissan GTR. My favorit track is NÜRBURGRING thats really nice please make that in PC2. Thanks a lot form here ;))
76561198150708890,Recommended,234630,30466497,Posted: 12 March,all,SpEeDyFRoSTY,A great game with amazing graphics especially on 4K ultra settings. It does have a little shortage of cars but it is stil the most fun racing simulator i have played!
,Recommended,234630,24458186,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,smashcast.tv/PattyCats,"THE best car racer out there. I love it, and i always will.Here's why:- The graphics in this game are astonishing- The gameplay mechanics are realistic, so it's a challenge- It will feature VR support soon :D- They implemented famous tracks like the 'Hockenheimring'Only negative aspect is thatr you'll have to have a super good GFX card, i.e.the NVidia 1070, to play it in highest quality. But it's well worth it if ur lookinfor an awesome game :DThank you, creative UK.#projectcarsgame"
76561197969355028,Recommended,234630,24975100,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,EveryonePooS,Best sim racing game on any system or console. Forget Forza or Turismo...  its more like GTR2 or the Race07 series. Runs silky smooth on GTX970. This is one of my all time favorite games ever.
,Recommended,234630,26497475,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,4shadesOfGray,"If you love cars, buy it. However, be careful. It's one of the most brutal simulators I ever had, the IA is hardcore as you up difficulty, and their role is to crash with you as I have learn.I can't count the times I have raced on Spa or tried to nail the corners just right on the Nirgburgring to slash a little bit on my timing. And the cars are amaizing.However, here's my only gripe, for anyone foreign to this game, you REALLY want to love it, as a start, the controls are really hard to master. You need to learn to brake, you need to learn to accelerate, you even need to steer.But if I had to buy this game again, heck yes! Gorgeous cars, an amaizing rendition of historic tracks, beautiful graphics, as of car simulators on PC, at minimum it competes for the crown jewel."
,Recommended,234630,26905937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jack,The game has the best racing graphics and very well-done physics. It is by far my favourite racing game because it combines realistic visuals with physics developed by real racing drivers
76561198115427269,Recommended,234630,27188391,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eSports Sherm <Hyper X>,44hrs = HAMILTON!!!!
,Recommended,234630,27688053,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Myio,"Stunning Graphic, like real driving experince"
,Recommended,234630,27932944,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dauntless,Awesome game. Looks great and a challenge to drive.I learned a bit on tweaking race cars due to this game. The slightest tweak could give you a few extra hundredths.Only slight downside is that I think the bad behaviour system could be improved. Its quiet easy for someone to jump into your game and ram you off the road. If damage is turned on then 90% of the time your race is ruined. Bit of a bummer if you spent 30 minutes previous qualifying.
,Recommended,234630,28047666,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GABY * 83,Best car simulator
76561198008986267,Recommended,234630,28129347,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Natedogg,"The short description "" Project CARS is the ultimate driving journey!"" is spot on. Unfrickin believably sexy game. The look, sound, feel...extremely immersive. This game deserves a high end wheel if you don't already have one. I got this for $12 on sale and it is worth full price anyday. A must for racing game/simulator fans,"
76561197998355086,Recommended,234630,28298428,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,monkeybot,Bloody excellent.
76561197970922618,Recommended,234630,25193827,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,*QGR*L'Acadien,Good racing game! Alot of cars and tracks. Hours of fun!
,Recommended,234630,25399426,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Maverick,"I played lots of simulators in my life and as soon as I got Project Cars I could recognize the quality and the obvious positive difference from their competitors. I tried every other racing simulator, they're all good to be honest, they all have Pros and Cons but overall I still like them but none of them did it like Project Cars. This is also why Project Cars is in the ESL. I love the graphics, the realisim, the UI and everything about it. I love Assetto Corsa because it's more of a sandbox and you can change so many things but Proejct Cars was not build for that. They had a different mission and by god they did it right. Whether it's on a sale or not, get it. Also, quit your job. Jk, Jk."
,Recommended,234630,24763926,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tinu,"I love the realism of this game. Come up with a set of wheels, pedals and three monitors and you'll feel like racing in no time. Outstanding graphics, physics and control. Overall is one of the best racing games I've played lately... Worth all the money seeing the fact that I got it discounted for £16.99"
76561198139949673,Recommended,234630,27674156,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sleuth,"Very good game, it took a while to get used to the controls, but its very smooth now. The graphics made me die a bit on the inside, it's very beautiful. There is also an extensive list of cars and tracks to choose from"
,Recommended,234630,27688254,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zaidi0741,This is an awessome game in my opinion.just pust several hours but i really like it.but play with keyboard is a little bit difficult.waiting for my g27 to arrive
,Recommended,234630,28034985,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bones496,"For ease of reading, I'm splitting this review into sections.Gameplay Features:I hate to lead the review off on a bad note, but this is where the game falls way short.  The career mode is a joke.  I started it, and then left it after a few hours because it had me bored out of my mind.  I then decided to try my hand at multiplayer, and after 30 minutes I found a lobby.  During qualifying, 4 of the 8 players had left, resulting in a very boring race.  The host chose a car they were obviously very good at, and everyone else was stuck behind trying out figure out the car.  I have not played multiplayer since.  Racing against the AI proves to be fun, and doing time trials in practice mode is an easy way to sink time into the game, especially competing with friends for the best time.Car experience and physics:As a reference, my gameplay settings are turned to ""Real"" in every category, and I have raced with three different wheels; TSW2, G27 and G29.To anyone who thinks the cars are ""impossible to control"" or ""unrealistic"", go play Need for Speed or Forza.  This game makes every other game I've played feel like an arcade title.  The cars handle perfectly.  I drove a ton of the Formula A early on, and while it is one of the easiest cars to control in the game, don't apply too much throttle out of 2nd gear or you'll be in a wall.  The Mclaren P1 feels like wrestling a bull around the corners, and the Boss 302 makes you second guess every bump in the road.  It's incredible.  Very frustrating, but incredible.  Just make sure to tune your car to your liking and go have fun.  Also make sure to be gentle on the first lap to let your tires wear in and your brakes to heat up.AI:The AI in the game is unique.  At the default difficulty of 50/100, a beginning player will be able to race and have fun, but it soon becomes too easy.  I'm now racing at 80/100 and it is extremely tough, especially if you like open-wheel.  The drivers dont seem to realize that tire-to-tire contact is bad, and will be far too aggressive in tight corners, resulting in a face full of wall.  At least it's a challenge though, some games can get boring due to the AI making stupid mistakes for no reason (I'm looking at you Forza).Performance:I mainly play the game on my i7-4790K powered desktop with two 980 Ti's, so it shouldn't be a surprise to hear that it runs well at 4K for me.  What did shock me however is that an FX-6300 with a GTX 760 can run the game flawlessly at medium to high settings, and my friend's Lenovo Y500 with a measly GTX 650m can hit 60fps with ease.  Long story short, the game runs well, unless you race against 50 AI drivers in a thunderstorm at night.Conclusion:If you're looking for a racing game to sit back on the couch and play with a controller, look elsewhere.  This game is a challenge and will try your patience, but gives one of the best driving experiences I've ever had."
,Recommended,234630,28854265,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Girthy Gary,"Great racing game, feels realistic and looks awesome."
76561198018059466,Recommended,234630,31155127,Posted: 15 April,all,VR A-X-O,"HTC Driver: New driver to PC. FPS player at norm, just not any more. Too many hacks and no support. Good gamre. Played on screen ( not bad just flat ) plays like ahy other drive sim. Three - ASUS VE-278-H 27-inch Screens HDMI LED-lit 2-ms Monitors. Also tryed my  Mitsubishi 73"" as well ( very big but flat. LOL ).   Frame rate good on all. Some small fixes may need to be looked at. Over all very nice game play. Play in VR ( HTC VIVE )  and it's on another level! Makes it worth playing. Drive Motion Simulator build comming later. Will be trying iracing as well. To have a better feel for the best out of the two.. Go fast! Later all.  PS: PC Controller t/nerds get a wheel it's a car! Have you been riding the bus that long ?!"
,Recommended,234630,24621916,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Forsakenmike3000,Ive always loved this game but on VR right now its very blocky without at least a 1080. I ran it with 3 monitors for a while and its been an amazing game. The cars feel great and the physics are on point.
76561198060370053,Recommended,234630,25364797,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,nevrtoolate,"I am new to this game, and pretty-much gaming altogether however, I have played several.For whatever reason, I the progress in this game seems very unpredictable in-that I have to race in completely different types of cars/go carts, etc.I am offered (in messages) to race for various teams, and have no idea how to do so.Perhaps someone could offer help in this matter because I sure do enjoy (most of) this game!Mant thanks to those who put this together.keith_in_AZ"
76561198234998116,Recommended,234630,25397607,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ddcarr245,looks great in vr! 6700k 4.7 ghz w/ gigabyte gtx 1080 waterforce
76561198079382369,Recommended,234630,25513681,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Boulevard of Broken Memes,This game is a really good racing simulator for anyone who enjoys car games. I would say the only downside to the game that I have noticed is the limited amount of cars available on the standard game without DLCs. Other than that this game is brilliant :D
,Recommended,234630,25934718,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SgtCarrot,"The interfaces stink, and if you are looking the wrong way, you can reset out of alignemnent. Its clear that this is a refit for VR.That having been said, once I am in the car and driving, it is amazing. I point a floor fan at myself, and usually drive convertibles, and just wow. I have a steering wheel and pedals, that makes a huge difference.Tons of fun, amazing cars and tracks, just wish the interfaces did not stink so much."
,Recommended,234630,26494024,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Saxohare,"Nice game, it is a shame it is filled with children ""playing"" it"
76561197981554526,Recommended,234630,26594835,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ramireza627,Not bad at all
,Recommended,234630,26747674,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lothar,"Project Cars is an amazing game. At the time of writing this review, I've only spent an hour in practice mode but I can tell you that it's really fun. Graphics are amazing, wide selection of cars and maps, online stuff and a lot more. I can't say much as I haven't played a whole lot yet but so far, this looks like a pretty good deal for just $30."
76561198022094784,Recommended,234630,26807426,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schwa,You know Forza? This game makes Forza look like Need For Speed. You're going to want a wheel.
,Recommended,234630,26906796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dreamerer*,Too much fun with frinds
,Recommended,234630,27018516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MOTTZILLA,Must play for any racing fan!
,Recommended,234630,27189785,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mbah™,The Best Racing game i've Ever played!
,Recommended,234630,27344613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joeh tb,A good game but needs more stuff
,Recommended,234630,27481204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Inigo Montoya,This game is an amazing and equal mix of simulator and racing game. The handling characteristics of the game are amazing in comparison with iRacing which was designed purely as a simulator. The AI are getting better all the time.
76561198055815784,Recommended,234630,28133113,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MGSylvester11,Project Cars has gone cheaper for the car enthusiasts. Its truely the Best Car simulation on the market. The game it self contains of all diffrent tracks Car Damage and all diffrent events. Its a worthy Car simulation Rain weather and all diffrent handlings of a car racing with very challenging oponents in game and on line. The game it self is designed to improve your driving skills and mentain the adge of a driver of excellence in all diffrent car events. Its a big game one of the best of the best when it ciomes to a Car simulation in a graphicly nicely designed environment. Its breath taking most difficult simulation on line to win a trophy and mentaining the winnings on a racing track with safety regulations. Who ever designed this game was truely an interesting Geeg making other Geegs happy to have pleanty of fun on line. Project Cars is self as a game iss highly rated for professional drivers to win a Trophy as an Allcolade and mentain the winning age and also prove and improve driving skills.The game it self as a simulation is designed for destinction car drivers with procotions and talent it self.Its defenetly worth an investment to purchase this nicely designed game.
,Recommended,234630,31635614,Posted: 8 May,all,Elemento,"If you like games that are realistic this is the one. There are a few set ups you can do yourself to the car which is pretty cool. The sounds from the engines, exhausts and tyres are very good, but some others aren't as good like the crashes. The graphics are great. And the multiplayer is alot of fun except when some people decide to crash into the car from the front on purpose and mess up the lap time. I play it with a Xbox One Controller which works fine, but would propably work better with a steering wheel and pedals. But overall this is a good game."
76561198073409935,Recommended,234630,31680622,Posted: 11 May,all,stijngeluk,loads of cars and tracks
,Recommended,234630,32346971,Posted: 11 June,all,.airaM,"Very good game,worth it."
,Recommended,234630,32424814,Posted: 14 June,all,ItIsAndrew,This game is very neat and I do like how its not over complicated with a money system.  If you like raceing syms this is a def buy!
,Recommended,234630,32970380,Posted: 28 June,all,Tempest,One of the best racing simulation games out there. it is hard to adapt but really fun to play.
,Recommended,234630,33390565,Posted: 8 July,all,TD955i,"The best fun I've had in VR yet, especially with friends and a proper speering wheel and pedals."
76561198007883086,Recommended,234630,33929557,Posted: 31 July,all,[TBS] Muecke,"Sounds, graphics and Physics are well done here.Going for a quick race or a short multiplayer match is what I enjoy most with this game.Campaign can't motivate though because of its dry presentation."
76561197979356864,Recommended,234630,21628236,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dudefaceguy,"TL;DR: It's awesome for prototype racing, but finding a playable setup is maddening.This review has gone from positive, to negative, to positive, to negative, back to positive. There is a really fun and immersive game in here somewhere, but it's hidden behind an impenatrable wall of unplayable settings. I spent most of the first 30 hours trying to fix the game so that was in a playable state. First, the good: the visuals are excellent, the competent AI makes single-player races very enjoyable, and the career mode is much more detailed than most other racing sims. This game also has a lot of support for endurance/LeMans prototype racing, which you don't see in many other sims. The physics seem fine for me (a casual racer). This is also one of the only racing sims that supports separate axes for the triggers on a gamepad -- this means that you can use the throttle and brake at the same time, which makes a huge difference. I really recommend the game for gamepad users for this reason. Now the bad:Changing the settings is ludicrously arcane and counter-intuitive, for controls and otherwise. After many hours, I finally cobbled together a control scheme that works well enough to play the game; but this just made it possible to find all of the other broken settings. For example, tire noise is very low which makes it difficult to hear when you are losing grip (important for those of us without a force-feedback wheel). To fix this, you have to turn the engine sound up and turn sound effects off. Yes, in order to hear tire sound effects, you have to turn off sound effects. ""Sound effects"" refers to things like wind and crowd noise, both of which sound almost identical to tire noise. Tire noise is apparently part of engine noise. This should give you some idea of what it is like to set up the game to a playable state.Beyond all of this, there are also a lot of small annoyances: you can't change controls or view keymappings during a race, changing graphical settings requires a full-game restart, and there is no way to save control configurations.The thing that the game really has going for it is endurance racing simulation, and this it does well. The weather, day/night cycles, immersive graphics, pitstops, and large selection of Le Mans Prototype cars make it very good in this one area. The racecars have good setups and are mostly free of the bizzare handling characteristics found in the other cars. It seems like the game designers really love endurance racing, because the top tier of career mode is LMP1, not Formula 1. It's cool to see a game designed by people who think the WEC is the pinnacle of motorsport. If you truly love simulating long endurance races with LMP or GT3 cars and you don't mind spending days fixing the game's settings, this game is for you. Otherwise, get Assetto Corsa, rFactor, or any of the other great sims out there. Of course, there is a catch: the multi-class custom races are either GT3 or LMP, not both, which is horribly annoying if you are a fan of multi-class endurance racing. I guess they had to do something to ruin the best part of the game."
76561197960706896,Recommended,234630,27329259,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,THE ROCK,With a steer and pedals this game is amazing! like you are sitting in the car for real
76561198052481990,Recommended,234630,27994031,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JinBoy,"Really immersive experience on the Vive.  One of my favourite VR games - highly recommendedNow have racing wheel, shifter and pedals and this has taken the enjoyment and realism to another level :)"
76561198332907848,Recommended,234630,28126787,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,spiritvalleyycc,"While I have over 52 hours of playing time nearly 15 hours is trying to get this game fixed! First it would not start, then it was non-responding, then it would not recognize my wheel which is a logitech G920. Okay it detects my wheel some of the time, some of the time I have to use G927 settings, which works some of the time. The cursor on my mouse is all over the place, it does not compute. It is becoming quite frustrating spending hours trying to find a solution to this problem! If I could only uninstall and reinstall this program maybe that would work. But I think that's not possible. It would be nice to have some support! Please! Help! Project Cars I need help! And I don't think I'm the only one that needs help with this program."
76561198097684844,Recommended,234630,29918750,Posted: 14 February,all,iClarkeo,"keyboard - not recommendedcontroller - not recommendedSteering wheel - recommendedThis game is impossible to play without a steering wheel, im sure there is settings that can be tweeked to make it useable for keyboard and controller but for me it doesnt work.Apartfrom the fact that its impossible to steer accurately and release the right amount of power with controller, its still a very in-depth racing game."
76561198095333006,Recommended,234630,30987538,Posted: 6 April,all,masterpiece,"I love this game. It's a demanding game, especially with AA on and everything ultra, even at 1080 resolution. My 1060 6gb runs it good enough at max, but it couldn't handle any more settings without dipping below 40fps (which still is good because the cockpit is stationary and remains focused while at those speeds the environment will always be flying past). There aren't enough cars for my taste, but I love the vintage F1 cars from the 70's and 80's. They have good tracks. I play with a controller. The rain and lightning looks amazing."
,Recommended,234630,31025465,Posted: 8 April,all,J.Y,stilll enjoying the game after a few years released
76561198202783617,Recommended,234630,31362256,Posted: 25 April,all,BEST BOSS,"This game is near amazing. I find this game very thrilling at times. I love the graphics, sound effects and physics. Yet without  a sterring wheel and pedals, the cars are extremly twitchy (as already mensioned).I'd give it a 8.5/10"
76561198093111191,Recommended,234630,32341820,Posted: 11 June,all,Aelixzor,best racing game i know
,Recommended,234630,32358771,Posted: 11 June,all,I.V.U.B.E.R.H.A.S,nice game. hope koenigsegg or ferrari can appear at this game. please update :D
76561198070092247,Recommended,234630,33080293,Posted: 1 July,all,danielwut,"This game has given me a new perspective on racing simulators. I believe that project cars is spot on regarding its physics, graphics, ffb, and many more aspects from what it has to offer. 10/10 I would recommend this to any racing fans out there because although it doesn't have a huge selection of cars to choose from, it offers a variety of tracks and realistic racing simulation."
,Recommended,234630,33436204,Posted: 10 July,all,LSFBroughan,"I'm a filthy casual and suck at it, but good game nonetheless."
,Recommended,234630,33840676,Posted: 27 July,all,SmallusPingus,Really good game. I was expecting more of a Forza like game but I still enjoyed it.
76561198263036778,Recommended,234630,26247823,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sreejit Pillai,"A racing sim meant for true petrol heads! It is primarly ment for steering wheel setup and less of a controller. If you do use a controller like me be wary of snap oversteer. Otherwise its a fantastic game! Perhaps the only game with real actual assigned car engine noise for each individual car sounding exactly similar to the real car. The physics, weather and overall packlage are spot on! Be wary of the lack of cars. However the ones you get are special as it is. Fantastic game for people who love cars and motorsports!"
,Recommended,234630,26902506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MariusJM,Probably the best racing game with great balance betweem simulation and fun.
76561197976171871,Recommended,234630,27057655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Streak,Solid racer with realistic physics and a collection of real and imaginary tracks and cars.  VR support is pretty much a killer app.
,Recommended,234630,27180034,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,g e,Best racing game for PC.
,Recommended,234630,27345757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaze,Really cool driving sim. great with g29
,Recommended,234630,27363769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iiLtnGeneralzZ,Probably the best racing sim I've ever played.
,Recommended,234630,27919837,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BruceyPoo,"PCars is as much of a sim as you want it to be. I'm not a big sim guy, I like racing games and all but not the super-sim ones (I like stuff like Race Driver GRID, Forza Motorsport, etc). With some assists on, I find Pcars to be a lot of fun.Amazing in VR (I'm using a Vive). Pretty much the only thing I'm playing in VR lately.Actually convinced me to shell out for a decent force feedback steering wheel. If you're averse to spending a lot of money on esoteric computer accessories I'd recommend staying away. Otherwise, this is the racing game to get.If youre more into the hardcore sim stuff, I hear Assetto Corsa would be more your flavor, but you won't regret getting Project Cars."
,Recommended,234630,28031348,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Purnella-,"Great game, extremely realistic but i need more cars from makers like Lamborghini, Ferrari and Bugatti etc :("
,Recommended,234630,28051056,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheAceTrainer,"This game is amazing if you have a VR Set, and a logitech g27, feels like you are really a racer."
76561198060276547,Recommended,234630,28292223,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,kgozi,Have patience configuring the controls.
,Recommended,234630,29807620,Posted: 9 February,all,CloudyGiraffe,love this game
,Recommended,234630,30234284,Posted: 27 February,all,4ANTHRAX,Good game. Not easy by any means. Takes a lot of adjustments to get your controls the way you will like them.
,Recommended,234630,32313573,Posted: 10 June,all,HAJ.TOSI | Skinodds.com,a real simuolator means project cars very hard handeling very hard drifting and really real
,Recommended,234630,32423198,Posted: 14 June,all,ANAKONDA.exe,fantastic graphic.. love it
,Recommended,234630,32801868,Posted: 25 June,all,RandyCo,1v1ed an F1 car with an evo X on a mainly straightaway course. beat itthis♥♥♥♥♥♥only happens with eurobeat.
,Recommended,234630,32865518,Posted: 27 June,all,Frxsty-,Good sim game
76561198093256889,Recommended,234630,33101707,Posted: 1 July,all,786mcqueen,"I haven't played it very long, but it appears to be the ultimate racing simulation, It's pretty hard, but in a good way. You'll get enough in just a couple of races, but then you'll be back for more later. It's more simulation than arcade or street racing, so as far as I can see there's no way to fill your garage with cool rides like in Forze Motorsport and choose which races you like. You gotta start with go-karts and work your way up. Tip: alternate brake and gas a little on that kart to swing it around the corners or else it corners like a bus. Still looking for that Forza replacement, but this seems to be a very good game for the ~$10 sale price I paid for it."
76561198103460068,Recommended,234630,33459121,Posted: 11 July,all,leileijoker,I enjoy this game even with only a chinese knock off xbox controller. Don't know why people with wheels complain about the controls. This is a racing sim not NFS! AIs are not the greatest but you'll get use to it.
76561198276813001,Recommended,234630,34320923,Posted: 17 August,all,heccma79,"Visually stuning even on middle settings and runs fine on my rig, which is somewhat old.Many options for those in the field of sims, only big down is no tuning, but a big selection of cars and tracks.Note for AMD users, reset all your settings in the Crimson thing, otherwise face picture freezes during races, very annoying."
76561198100625613,Recommended,234630,34942413,Posted: 13 September,all,Water Cooler Dale,"A marvel of simulation racing that brings realism to your hands.  However, there are some flaws that I hope are addressed in PC2.  Looking forward to the new game!"
,Recommended,234630,32337704,Posted: 11 June,all,Fredilias,Good game8/10
76561198119178098,Recommended,234630,32857712,Posted: 27 June,all,Lime,"Other than the crashes i really like this game, I havent found any other bugs with this game in the 71 minutes i have played but i really suggest you having a steering wheel if your'e ever considering getting this game. I dont know why people say steering wheel compatability is♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my opinion its very nice. i use a  thrust master f458 compatible with xbox 360 and its works amazing.  I really suggest you getting this game as it kinda needs some more people. When i say that i mean on the online servers. You will probably see about 3  servers that has around 20 or more players and the rest ranges from 3 - 10. but in weekends it doubles up. Online is surprisngly good with people actually taking this game seriously.Go buy it whilst its on sale, and buy the dlcs too u wont regret it. it costs less now then if u buy them seperatly!!"
76561198232992960,Recommended,234630,32895403,Posted: 27 June,all,Sasquatch | Pvpro.com,"Does have some bugs like mouse steering has a weird center point deadzone, but otherwise a great game :)."
76561198133470164,Recommended,234630,32936224,Posted: 28 June,all,FuriousBruno,nice
,Recommended,234630,33231579,Posted: 4 July,all,Razor Creed,"Great looking game and once you get pass it's overly aggressive AI and the 125 Kart stage, it's gameplay it's amazing."
76561198105010987,Recommended,234630,33294544,Posted: 5 July,all,De Lemeyo,so sad I thought this game got the lambo :(
76561197973419161,Recommended,234630,33638748,Posted: 18 July,all,nutty_apprentice,"GT Force wheel, HTC Vive, Playseat, stupidly powerful EVOC laptop with two 1080s in SLI and this game = all my childhood arcade wishes come true! remember how good Daytona Racing was as a kid in the arcade at the beach? Now times that by a gazillionteen! You dont even notice that youre running on much lower graphic settings for the VR (does it even use the SLI?). Without VR its an even more beautiful game and the physics are spot on, drifting around Mojave skid pan in an EVO is a perfect, the cars reactions to the throttle are exactly how it is in reality, lift off early or too much and youre going to be rotating the opposite way, as it should be, it feels a lot more realistic than most other sims.If youre on a vive and gettting low frame rates ive found the best so far is to limit the res scale edit in the openvrsettings.xml to 1.3 and put the AA to M2, this makes it almost as sharp as 1.4/5 but massively improves the frame rate. And if on nvidia card, edit the 3d settings from the nvidia app and choose high performance for the texture processing."
76561198383933000,Recommended,234630,33954938,Posted: 1 August,all,F14master123,"to start off its great. good sounding cars, a large number of cars to choose from,  a good number of tracks.  The only downside is that for me, im using keyboard controls and it super hard not to spin out,  but in all a great game"
,Recommended,234630,34207510,Posted: 12 August,all,«☢JᵃᶦᶦDᵘᵗᶜʰ☣»,AWSOME ALL AROUND TRACK RACING SIM! WORKS WELL WITH G26 RACING WHEEL
,Recommended,234630,34942434,Posted: 13 September,all,Dubs3p74,"I like the physics, and this game is what is advertized, but just remember that the kind and variety of cars is limited, even if you buy dlc. meaning if you wanna drive a specific car you probably wont be able to unless that happens to be the one car that the developers like."
76561198308570320,Recommended,234630,31457137,Posted: 30 April,all,Shadow_jar,I highly reccomend this game. Its just it cant support a PS4 controller.  Would rate it better if it can support it.
76561198059773959,Recommended,234630,31715518,Posted: 12 May,all,Nigel  Ball,"Impresive allround game and runs like a dream for me. I am bias towards nice looking games and that is what impresses me here, I look at other games and I keep coming back. More tracks and cars and better FFB would be good ."
76561197978313829,Recommended,234630,32414680,Posted: 14 June,all,N1CK,.
76561197972404278,Recommended,234630,33732767,Posted: 22 July,all,hall28630,This game is Awesome. I have never had an Issue with it.
76561198204076583,Recommended,234630,34426818,Posted: 22 August,all,Psychomantis,ok
76561198241407022,Recommended,234630,32822969,Posted: 26 June,all,Tovornjak.Domen,"very ggood gameee, to play with friends :D"
76561198197707022,Recommended,234630,33769585,Posted: 24 July,all,Starboost,"I love this game just find the right setup and let your tires warm up and you'll have no problem. The So many people don't understand that this is a simulator not an arcade/ whatever that FM6 is. Granted Fm6 has better customization but this game is more worried about driving quality and if you drive like♥♥♥♥♥♥then the game will treat you like it. Now the only gripe i have about this game is that the ai are really ♥♥♥♥ing nuts once you turn them up to higher difficulty, they will jump curbs, cut corners by an absolute contry mile and be very aggressive with you but that only sometimes. If you want to play this game on a controller then 1. make sure you have the correct car setup for and the the controller and 2. i recommend getting a wheel. Other than that this game is great although the online community is low. CAn't wait for Project Cars 2 it comes out September 22 2017."
,Recommended,234630,34245288,Posted: 14 August,all,Thot Pocket,Quality game.
76561198005844018,Recommended,234630,34989898,Posted: 16 September,all,«grumpy» nato,"brilliant gameplay with an incredible array of cars, for some reason I can't quite get immersed in it though, think I just want the old joy of Gran Turismo back in my life, still this is a top notch effort"
,Recommended,234630,34998619,Posted: 16 September,all,The Fox Of Irscar,"I was excited about this game at first. Hell, I pre-ordered it so I play it as soon as possible. When I launched it that first time, I picked the fastest car I could find, went to a track I knew (the nerbergring), and set it to rain (because rain is cool). I started to drive and it all went to hell. The game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I couldnt for the life of me drive at all. Frustrated, I quit and took advantage of steam's new (at the time) refund policy.Fast forward a year, and I was desperate for a racing game. I wanted somthing deeper then need for speed, but just as fun. I came accross this game again. I had forgetten that I bought it in the first place. I recalled the name, but I couldnt remember why. So, I bought it again to try it.This time, with more patients and maturity, I really started to enjoy it. I knew it was closer to a sim then arccade. This time, I started off slow by picking a little go kart and set things to a sunny July morning. Slowly, I got to grips with the controls and how the cars handled. It was then that I started to fall in love with this game. From there, it could only grow as I delved deep into the vast selection of cars and tracks. Not quite a side note, but I was blown away by the graphics. I was shocked that my little 750ti could run this game. It is jaw dropping at 60fps, max settings, and 1080p. It just looks fantastic.This game is by no means perfect. It is flawed. No options while in game, no wheather outside clear and rain (except for fog), and there are a few other things I am forgetting. Don't let this put you off though.Finally, I have to end this on a bit of a sad note. Unfortunatly, this game will most likely die soon, due to it's sequel coming out September 21. I like this game, but it appears that the sequel will fix everything (or most things) and even improve other things. Soon, you wont need this game anymore and that saddens me.TL;DR: Good game with a few issues. Runs well, but you shouldnt buy because sequel is out soon that fixes everything."
,Recommended,234630,34938759,Posted: 13 September,all,[BOT],"Overall 7/10Not recommended for ultimate driving simulator enthusiast.Strongly recommended for good graphics and great visual experience.Recommended for casual and entrylevel racing-game players.Driving experience 10/10Feels real and punishing for bad drivingCareer Mode 5/10Utterly boring and not much of options or storymode customisationsMultiplayer Experience 5/10No admin-kick, no vote-kick, overly simplistic gamesearch,no way to favorite or follow servers or players,gamecrashes on rain and night,seviere sync problems afte one hour of playtime,no way to change vehicle without going to menuGame Stability And Crashing 2/10Local gaming is stable but multiplayer is constant crashingwhen playing longer times."
76561198058684011,Recommended,234630,33997550,Posted: 3 August,all,jasfest,"i dont usually like racing games, but this game is really fun, the community is really respectful, and it has a lot of depth and its by far the most realistic driving sim i have tried so far, you really feel the difference when you drive over a road compared to dirt, or grass, i totally recommend this gameif you enjoy driving sim its a really good idea to get a wheel and full set with clucth and pedals, it serves for really good practice for practicing driving.the only problem, the menus, the guy who designed the menus should be fired, and i hope he was fired for the second one, which, if its as good as this one, i also reccommend buying"
76561198020697702,Recommended,234630,30791146,Posted: 28 March,all,GORILLA,"So having PCars with big discount (66%) is already a plus, thank you steam.Very good game that will give hundreds of hours to play only on the career mode, and you can do it several ways, since going only tro races with few laps to completing 2x pratices and quali for 1 event.-Difficulty will give room for nwebies and allien mode racers-Plenty of cars and setup options, tracks aswell-EASY TO GET MODS-Lots of wheels to configure directly ingame.-Graphics are excellent comparing to others like iracing and asseto corsa (only graphics here)The list could go on if not for the age of the game, you already have lots of reviews lolTho its time around still have a few bugs-Sometime it gives an error the freezes the game and corrupts your saved files, alredy lost a career with 10 seasons made, you have to save your save files once in a while to garantee you wont lose them.-After entering online race and exit loby the wheel stops working, need to restart game.Buy this game if you like racing games, its almost a must have, only cause PCars 2 is coming soon.Will still give you lots of fun in career mode. Really happy i got it and a very good one for newbies then to go for asseto corsa and other more serious simulators."
,Recommended,234630,33082432,Posted: 1 July,all,[03]Trinity,"A brilliant racing simulation made by ""Slightly Mad Studio"" which made NFS13 and NFS15. These 3 games are alike and the visual/sound/physic effects are keep improving. Project Cars is no doubt at the top of them, even among the genre. Don't have any wheel nor VR set but still had lots of fun with Xbox joystick. Personally, the career mode is bit boring, you keep racing and all the invitations will knock on your door, and this step just goes endlessly. You can soon figure even all those incoming invitations are nothing but random names and formats. Personally I prefer to have certain characters to carry a story(of the racer/player) among the career mode. Just like Reiko Nagase from ""Ridge Racer Type 4"", and Mia from NFS9. We love racing yes, but a passionate storyline would make this sim even more REAL. Anyway, A brilliant job that I would definitely recommend to all sim racer/drivers! 9.0/10."
76561197978014399,Recommended,234630,33093775,Posted: 1 July,all,Keeney,"Super fun, and as an added bonus if your name is Alan (or Allen, either spelling) it registers it as a curse word."
76561198103957480,Recommended,234630,33396711,Posted: 9 July,all,davidchen9568,"Impressive racing sim but the AI physics is weird. They can drive on grass and not lose speed, and tend to collide with each other a lot in first lap. Not a big issue gameplay-wise though.EDIT: The AI tends to collide into me as if it's unaware of my existence. They dive bomb and physically push me off the track. AI is annoying."
,Recommended,234630,33876176,Posted: 29 July,all,blitz0,Best racing car game for controllers and steering wheel users
76561198163571241,Recommended,234630,30971631,Posted: 5 April,all,Scruffy,Amazing
76561198077171320,Recommended,234630,31681566,Posted: 11 May,all,trent.fitzgibbon,"Probably my favourite racing game after Dirt Rally. Amazing graphics, sounds, driving feel. This thing is awesome with a decent wheel and pedals, manual shifter. Would love to try it in VR.I tried Assetto Corsa after hearing all the rave reviews, but didn't feel anywhere near as polished. Much prefer Project Cars.Only annoyance is occasionally i start the game forgetting to plug in the wheel first, then it forgets everything it knew about the wheel, even if i restart game after plugging it in. I have to go to to settings to configure it all again. Frustrating!"
,Recommended,234630,32373185,Posted: 12 June,all,RapidFire24,"This game is an awesome car game if u want to just have a bunch of cars at your finger tips and explore and race around the world whenever you want this is the game for you however there arent lambroginis or bugatis the DLcs are cool too. The multiplayer is nice. Theres old cars, formulas, and more"
,Recommended,234630,33417655,Posted: 9 July,all,the eisman,"Refunded my game. I'll give it an upvote because it was a fun game to me at first. Definitely not worth $30 to me, though..."
,Recommended,234630,27203362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♤ Nexus,"A great racing game that sits somewhere between an arcade and simulator. The online is questionable, but in single player you have plenty of track options to pick from and a good selection of cars. I'd reccomend starting out with some of the gt3 or gt4 cars as they are pretty forgiving to being pushed hard.For the love of god dont buy this if you dont have a controller or wheel.Also learn to go manual, you get better lap times."
,Recommended,234630,27940961,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jan_TeamHvr,Best multiplayer racing game ever!
,Recommended,234630,29862925,Posted: 11 February,all,McTavishes,"Do you like racing games? Did you buy and fully complete games like Need For Speed: Underground, the Burnout franchise, Forza Motorsport, or Gran Turismo?Throw them out.Whether you like the arcade-style drifts of Burnout or the hyper-realism of Forza and Gran Turismo, this game has what you're looking for. For gamers with only a passing knowledge of racing, you can ignore extra settings and just drive using some (and/or ""most"") of the fastest and most iconic cars in the world, from the 1960s onward. Also, for arcade lovers who cut their teeth with automatic shifting (like me), this game will make you love manual.For those with a more advanced knowledge, you can do things like micromanage things like the fuel in your car at the start, in both gallons and laps (including decimal points), the type of tire used on  based on weather, and the tire pressure ofeachwheel,individuallyand adjust pit strategies by making the crew fix (or skip) refueling, suspension repair, tire replacement, and body repair, and have estimates for the pit time depending on your adjustments.The game includes weather effects, including rain physics, meaning that if it's raining and your perspective is set to the drivers seat, you can see the rain streak across the windshield as you accelerate. The graphics are gorgeous on my system, even though my computer and graphics card are 1. three years old, and 2. on a laptop.It includes tracks like thefullNurburgring, the Le Mans, an 11-mile section of California highway, an Italian coastal highway, and other tracks from the Czech Republic to New Zealand.Free practice was enough to entertain me for my 8 hours of play time, but there is also a generous and very involved career mode, starting with kart racing and continuing up to Indy cars. The career mode includes things such as contract signings, a mock social media feed, and an in-depth calendar of events.If you like racing games, stop waiting. Buy the best racing game ever made. I am dead serious."
76561197984372225,Recommended,234630,30011999,Posted: 18 February,all,Letro,"Driving feels nice, and game looks beatiful enough, but i have serious problems wiht A.I, its like an asian driver simulator, they just drive through you if you are slower and if your start ain't perfect, the guy from behind just rams your car to the moon."
76561198023482754,Recommended,234630,31064979,Posted: 10 April,all,kuzzzma,"after I bought whell - 100% satisfied, each drive is better and better and happines after teaching right style is getting up !!! 99%"
76561198339954381,Recommended,234630,31068038,Posted: 10 April,all,robloxlover69,"I only recommend this game if you are EXTREMELY good at racing games, you will not master it the first day or the second or maybe even a week. This game can be irritating if you hate racing games with hard turns; this game is definintly not for everyone but it can be for a lot of people."
76561198065450499,Recommended,234630,32975448,Posted: 28 June,all,darkscream117,I really enjoyed the need for speed shift games. I enjoy this one as well. I also like the music.
,Recommended,234630,33095566,Posted: 1 July,all,--. .- .-.. .- -..- -.--,Not bad.
,Recommended,234630,33416514,Posted: 9 July,all,ウィアブー,very vroom.
76561198053590630,Recommended,234630,15749766,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,smurf,"I'm loving it!After becoming fed up with the NFS (Need For Spending!!) and the recent release of other race games, my patience for a realistic & fun racing sim has been well worth the wait. I play on a racing sim I built with 3x27"" LCD screens, wheel, fibreglass mouldings, built in 5.1 with sub under seat, and a very comfortable SAAS racing seat....my weekend is going to be locked away with curtains drawn and refreshments handyThanks guys, I absolutely appreciate all the hard work you've put into this game"
76561198003662369,Not Recommended,234630,25228532,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,HairWINz/ Coffeeshake,"All hype crappy force feedback. Did the developers even listen to the ""real world drivers"" that helped develop the game?"
76561198042175122,Recommended,234630,15793768,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,KCferrari,"Awesome track selection, and has a great emphasis on class based racing, so winning is always a challenge. The weather system is one of the best features of this game, and it makes a huge difference in races. Graphics are amazing, and I have not experienced any noticeable framerate drops either.AI will actually try to win, which is a nice change from many other sims where they all drive in a perfect line like robots, but means you need to be very aware of cars to your side. Recovering from small bumps and sideswipes is NOT an easy thing, so be cautious.The physics seem quite good, but sometimes can feel a little strange. Your car may feel glued to the road one moment, but hit another car or kerb the wrong way, and all control is lost, with little hope of recovery.Overall, great game, 9/10 in my opinion"
76561197973528398,Recommended,234630,15807899,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,max1492,"There is a lot of hype surrounding this game.  It's not great and it doesn't replace the hard core sims, but it's fun and there's definitely a place for it.  Definately worth buying.  I will continue to use iRacing for multiplayer and R3E for racing AI, but I will now use pCARS as my go-to game for casual races versus what I was using for this purpose, namely, GRID Autosport.  pCARS absolutely kills the other games in the casual racing category, i.e., GRID series, Shift series, and NFS series.Speaking of Shift, pCARS reminds of me Shift, but Shift done right.  I wanted to like Shift, but couldn't get the wheel to feel right. I'm playing pCARS on PC with a G27 wheel and HE Pro USB pedal set.  It works fine, although I agree with others that the FFB needs to be dialed in.  That said, the feel you get with the default settings is FAR BETTER than what I get with GRID 1, GRID Autosport, Shift 1, NFS (anything), and TOCA Race Driver 3.  I see pCARS as replacing this category of games and doing it wonderfully."
76561198045283971,Recommended,234630,15833144,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DeLeon,"Great game, just don't play it without a proper wheel."
,Recommended,234630,15852357,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,obso1337,Pretty much better than all other racing sims you can buy for a one time fee. Don't bother without a wheel though.
76561197960806019,Not Recommended,234630,15746503,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Fyril,I tried 10minutes with carting. Jesus mother of christ that was terrible!!  Shame on you for making such crap in 2015!
76561198006212102,Not Recommended,234630,16228664,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mr.Binks,ProsNice shiny graphics.Nice sounds.ConsUnbearable extremely unrealistic handling.Worst FFB of any racing sim out there.Frequent crashes which have yet to be fixed.AI drives on a seperate set of physics than you.In short Pcars missed being a proper racing sim by a miles. If anything it is a slightly more realistic NFS:Shift minus the horrid input lag. To much focus on graphics and not enough on physics.
76561198058968436,Recommended,234630,23415272,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SpookyApplePie,"Its probably the best mix of simulation and cars that I have ever played. In my opinion, the game would be confused and tough to play if you use keyboard, but instead, its so pleasure for me to enjoy after I change keyboard to controlers and G29 racing wheel since I can get the full force feedback and control from cars and roads, and those feelings are amazing. All in all, project cars is a nice game, and there is no doubt that its better than Grid Autosport."
76561198098219532,Not Recommended,234630,15862530,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,TFI,"I think this may be the nail in the coffin for me when it comes to buying games from this point forward.Just like Assetto Corsa, this feels and plays like a game that was released to the general public still blatantly in beta form.  This isn't finished.  The gameplay is dreadfully buggy, the graphics are glitchy in almost every race and replay (I'm on a GTX 970), the list of cars at this time is severely uninspiring bordering on uninteresting and forgettable... If I'm honest I can't see a single feature in this game which makes it stand above any other racing 'sim' in the genre.To add to the list, the force feedback on a Thrustmaster TX Wheel is terrible, you need to meticulously fiddle with dozens of settings per car to even just begin to touch on something realistic, I can't feel any understeer, there's no tyre noise, it's really not good at all.Changing any graphical setting requires a client restart which then makes you sit through the opening splash screens each time, there's no explanation anywhere on what the settings means (you shouldn't have to Google a game setting), car customisation is non-existent to the point whereby it's not even obvious how to race a car in a different paint colour... which is fine if this was a hardcore sim, but it isn't, technical customisations and upgrades are minimal.To be fair, on its own merit as a racing game it's pretty good in terms of graphical quality and physics.  However.  It's been released AFTER the likes of iRacing, Assetto Corsa, Forza, it has to compete and offer something they don't... and it doesn't.  In my book, it's failed.  If you enjoy Assetto Corsa on PC and Forza on Xbox (I don't own a PS), do not buy this.  You'll be bored within an hour and will fast realise there's nothing for you here that you can't have in a game you already own.It's £40 wasted for me."
76561198027012404,Not Recommended,234630,16232783,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Starglider,"UPDATED REVIEW FOR PATCH 2.0My PC specifications, Windows 7x64, i7 4GHz, GTX980 12GB ram & Thrustmaster T500 RS & Xbox PC Controller.GraphicsThe game looks good, weather and cars especially look good, environment graphics however look like something I would expect from indy development. Also if your not running graphics at ultra (I get 25 to 50FPS range depending on complexity of track with a GTX980 set at ultra - aura coast compared to brands hatch). The cars while looking great, are too clean compared to their environments, they need to get dirty more, have imperfect textures get dust on them etc (see asseto corsa etc). Excellent view choices from cockput, bonnet +++ best I've seen on a racing game.AudioStill has glitches, or is it trying to simulate car body hitting floor making odd noises at times, no idea! Going through a tunnel no matter what the size puts all audio through a huge reverb and echo effect which really pulls you out of the immersion of the game.TrackThey look good but to be ohnest there isn't much to them really, however 1 really big issue. Back in the old school days racing games would put collision on the sides of the track so you can never leave the track no matter what (given a little buffer / space), project cars does this. Try driving off the track even a little on one of the non racing circuits.GameplayCareer mode starts with carts, every car race circuit time I done was invaidated as I apparently cut the track or drove off it even without having doing this. This is not so bad with the normal cars however. Carts feel very mario cart with the corner turning angles. I kept getting endless laps and blue flag to let an invisible car past to which it then says go go go!Force FeedbackAbsolute rubbish, how can they take such a long time to develop this game and get the force feedback so very wrong. Curbs have greater force feedback than barriers and walls. This hasn't been fixed in patch 2.0 but the steam forums have some people whom have made fixes themselves for the game, which have made it more playable.XBox controller on PCPatch 2.0 has improved on this, or it was either a result of me spending over an hour trying out settings. Seems the universal scale of the higher the number the higher the sensitivy is the other way around for this game. Still it's far from perfect but it's playable, if you can put up with stuff like that. And not having the ability to change these settings from race menu but only from main menu drove me up the wall!Final thoughtsIf you haven't already got Asseto Corsa, Grid Auto Sport or RaceRoom Experience (free) and Race 07 then I suggest get them first. Project cars has been in development for years and a lot of the bugs even with patch 2.0 have not been fixed, the game is still very much in beta. I also cannot forgive any racing game or developers of a racing game that release a racing game where the force feedback is a disaster, even after patch 2.0 it's still an issue.For the price and development time put into this game I was expecting something so much more, the car graphics are excellent the rest is last last gen AAA or indy game quality. The graphics push my 980 considerably set on ultra even though I don't see anything that should be pushing it that hard.The game just feels like it's still in beta.I can only hope that it works correctly for VR on the HTC Vive or the Oculus Rift, but I'm pretry certain I wont be able to run it on ultra for that 90 FPS VR requirement.Graphics: 7/10Sound effects: 4/10Music: 9/10Force Feedback: 4/10XBox Controller: 2/10Gameplay: 5/10Track selection: 9/10Car selection: 7/10Bugs: 7/10 = 3/10 positivePrice: 2/10Score: 52%I would recommend that you wait till it's on sale and the game is on patch 4 or 5."
,Recommended,234630,16183896,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,sniperZOOM,"Rewiew in multilanguage.Det ultimative driver rejsen begynder her! C.A.R.S. repræsenterer det endelige racing simulation, med en it einem Freund als Fahrer / Beifahrer, und erstellen und verwalten ein komplettes Team um gegen Freunde und Herausforderer antreten. User Generated Content können die Vorteile der fortschrittlichen Grafik und Physik-Modell, um Ihr Auto zu entwerfen genau so, wie Sie wollen.at konkurrere mod venner og udfordrere. Brugergenereret indhold kan du drage fordel af de avancerede grafik og fysik model til at designe din bil præcis som du ønsker.um Ihr Auto zu Entwerfen Genau so, Wie sie wollen.at gegen Freunde und Herausforderer antreten. User Generated Content können die Vorteile der Darawalkii kama dambaysta rejsen begyndelse halkan! C.A.R.S. repræsenterer istuuray tartanka kama dambaysta ah, iyadoo einem u ah Freund shayada Fahrer / Beifahrer, und erstellen und Ein Verwalter comp fududeeyay Kooxda aqal- gegen Freunde und Herausforderer antreten. User ahbaa Content können dhiman Vorteile der grafik und Physik fortschrittlichen-Model, aqal- Ihr Auto zu entwerfen genau sidaas, wie Sie wollen.at tartami saaxiibo Dambigaan waxaa udfordrere. TUSMADA Brugergenereret masduulaagii af faa'iido de-sare sawiro iyo model physics in la qorsheeyo karaa præcis gaarigaaga sida aad rabto.aqal- Ihr Auto zu Entwerfen Genau sidaas, Wie sie gegen wollen.at Freunde und Herausforderer antreten. User ahbaa Content können dhiman Vorteile der grafik und Physik fortschrittlichen-Model, aqal- Ihr Auto zu entwerfen genau sidaas, wie"
76561198042409076,Recommended,234630,15808642,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rosco,Great fun and excelent graphics
,Recommended,234630,15750531,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,aelohin,"What a great game!, I only have some hours and it is pretty amazing, great great  job, it took me like the first two hours configure the graphics, so I have the best fps for my system, and configure the FOV, the wheel, all the set up, once is done, wow!! what a fantastic experience. I will like to have a little more of options in the FOV, but well is just the begining for Project CARS!."
76561198031672392,Recommended,234630,15752108,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RawrWaffles,very good game. only issues I have is once you sart sliding it's almost impossible to regain control even at very low speed. and the game has been crashing often... but it was just released maybe they will update it and fix that. but overall I really like this game
,Not Recommended,234630,31326525,Posted: 23 April,all,Paynerman,"From the loks of things, the company spent all the dev time on visuals and sound, which are both excellent. However the catastrophic crashs and freezes are insane. on only my second race i had to unplug my computer from the wall, after going through all regular methods of killing the program. i cannot recomend it on that basis alone."
76561198024103530,Not Recommended,234630,15739389,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lumo,"I bought this game during Slightly Mad Studios buy-in early access at around Build 200-ish. Followed it until build 400 when I refunded it because I didn't feel the game was going to achieve it's goals of producing a comprehensive accessible racing simulation for everyone.I pre-ordered it again before release, figuring I'd give this game a chance and I'm bitterly disapointed. I'm getting serious NFS Shift vibes from this, but it isn't all bad.Pros- Fantastic graphics- Really good day/night cycle- Great weather effects which directly affect driving conditions- Great variety of tracks[h2]Cons[/h2]- Cars handle like boats. They feel heavy and cumbersome to move about.- Sound design is boring. Engines sound flat and dull.- Input lag and deadzone means tiny little course corrections are impossible.- AI is poor and has no regard for the player.4/10If you want a fantastic racing sim, get Assetto Corsa.For a generic, albeit pretty, simcade, sure, go right ahead."
,Not Recommended,234630,26156546,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Twig,The race directors given you a warning for slightly going off the track when you were trying to avoid an accident and so has penalized you by slowing you down for five whole seconds so that you have no choice of catching up to the rest of the pack. I love this game. So fun.
,Recommended,234630,15734950,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Batou,Gran Turismo is dead! Long live Project Cars!
76561198027774313,Not Recommended,234630,15774679,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,I Want To Win Some Games,"I'll try to keep this short but thorough.I have been part of the testing phase since pre-alpha. The game has improved inifinitely throughout its development - as it should have done. I REALLY wanted to like this game!Positives: Weather effects, day/night time options, graphics and immersive UI are all best in class.That said, the game does not feel finished. The AI is my biggest gripe. Cars do not respond to your position. The AI in this game is comparible to that in Gran Turismo. They stick to the racing line whether you're in the way or slower.I am a seasoned driver on iRacing and Assetto Corsa and the physics in those games is definitely mroe believable. The handling in Project CARS definitely feels scripted which is something I've heard a lot of people say.I play with a G27 with no assists and the AI difficulty on 100% and I finish most races (set to 2 laps mostly) with a lead of about 7 seconds (not intending to sound like a ...)What we need is the career of Project CARS with the physics and FFB of Assetto Corsa and the online/competitivity of iRacing!FINAL WORD: I would recommend Assetto Corsa over this game personally, though Project CARS has a lot going for it."
76561198151161443,Recommended,234630,16861460,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,robertedell,"Best graphics of all car racing sims, best gui, and has a very good career mode and game play. The physics are good and the FFB once tweaked is also good."
76561198158148783,Recommended,234630,15784930,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ThunderBolt,Best Racing sim i've played in years
76561198024634414,Recommended,234630,15749018,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Grubbet,I stalled my car and didnt have an igniton button set. Hill started it.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10
76561197996584111,Not Recommended,234630,16315624,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,IndianaSPEED,"Some racing games I love that mix realism with arcade mechanics. Some racing games I can't stand that try to mix realism/sim with arcade mechanics. Unfortunately, this is one of the games that just doesn't work for me. I love arcade racers like Crazy Taxi, Mario Kart, Distance, Forza Horizon 2, GRID, and Need for Speed Most Wanted/Burnout Paradise. I absolutely love realistic sims like GTR2, RACE ON, F1 Challenge 99-02, F1 2013, Assetto Corsa, and etc... I really enjoyed Forza Motorsports 5 (Half realism/Half arcade) and Drive Club (same as Forza 5). This game is utter crap compared to Forza, Test Drive Unlimited, DriveClub, Gran Turismo 5, Forza Horizon 2, GRID Autosport, and almost every single other racing game. Very dissapointed by the game mechanics. Also, the game runs very poor on my desktop i5, 8gb ram, and Nvidia GTX 960 2GB Video Card. Bad game. Another awful racing game. Moving on..."
76561198060421127,Recommended,234630,15734852,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,S1ickReed,The best racing game I have played in years!
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,234630,17978237,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,treycox33,"Looks and sounds great but the car and cart handling reminds me of Grid, bad, and that killed it for me.Update: PLayed agian and it's stil pretty bad. Only thing I can say is that it has great graphics and car selection. Sorry if I hurt the feelings of Fan Boys..."
76561198063558933,Not Recommended,234630,18001696,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,kaetherd,Buy Assetto Corsa
,Not Recommended,234630,16556066,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zoro,"Very misleading title, not enough detail of the game in the description, very limited game modes/options, no car customization other than tuning, very little color selection, just overall terrible buy if you're looking for a game to cruise in/customize cars. All in all i'm very disappointed with how ridiculous the steering is in this game and it's very frustrating to even learn how it works."
76561197969893764,Recommended,234630,16213717,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gomoto,Very good racing simulator game. Enjoyable with both controller and steering wheel.Great racing experience. Lots of cars and tracks. Interesting and adjustable AI Opponents.Bad user interface for saving and selecting car setups.
76561198078010984,Not Recommended,234630,31453536,Posted: 29 April,all,Razer,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the game crashes a lot. I put up with it and managed to play 90+ or whatever hours fine just restaring it if it did crash. Only the last time it crashed I lost all my saved data. I can't find a way to get it back.The game is good fun most of the time.I enjoy trying to set fast laps in Practice and qualifying but the AI on in the race is just not good or fair.For example:If it rains half way through a race you will lose traction and be unable to control the car around corners. The AI is able to go around the same corners at much faster speeds. Even if you slow down to a crawl you will slide out. Pretty sure they have the same tire set ups.If you touch a car during an overtake you will become glued to it and be unable to turn. It doesn't appear to matter where you touch the car or the speed of contact.During outlaps or when your tires and brakes are cold the AI will be running at a much faster pace seemingly unaffected.Going into and out of the pits the car will auto correct you to stick to a certain path. Eg. If you are trying to go into the pits the car will be forced back towards the race track. This might have something to do with driver aids but never tested it.The AI cars in alot of situations will relentlessly stick to the racing line even if it will cause a collision.I was playing with the AI at 75 out of 100 difficulty and winning most of the races by qualifying 1st and sticking to 1st in the race. It would have been more fun to put it at a harder difficulty and try to overtake more but with these problems I didn't want to do that.
,Recommended,234630,15847299,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Azure,"4/5I enjoy my time in the game, but Project Cars does not offer a progressive ""story"" mode. Instead, everything is provided to you from the start. I am one of the people who enjoyed grinding for money, it gave me a sense of accomplishment and this new career mode type is a little too linear/predetermined for my taste. The game got one point off because of this, and that's pretty much the only downside in my opinion. If this game had a career mode like Forza 2/3 did, this would be the perfect racing game for me. Some might complain about the mechanics, but you have to be super nit-picky to notice anything that would seem ""unrealistic"" or ""undesirable"".TLDR: Overall, I recommend the game to anyone who enjoys racing. Project Cars offers a less blatantly rewarding story mode than you might be used to. Graphics and mechanics are great to me because I'm not very picky about those things."
,Recommended,234630,15832658,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,John Huyton,"Best racing game i have ever played, there are plenty of tracks to choose from not so many cars at the minute but there is enough. most realistic gameplay and graphics i have seen on a racing game and engine sounds are just like the real ones. there is a couple of things that would make it better like car decal customization , market to trade decals etc but still i would advise this game to any racing fan"
,Recommended,234630,15816934,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ĄshŁey,great Game
,Not Recommended,234630,15809889,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,PublicSafetyDan,"As both a fan of racing games, and a race car driver myself, this game is pretty spot on with handling. Throttle response, and traction are both very realistic. And the tracks themselves are much more realistic than any other racing game I have played.Unfortunately this game is very poorly optimized, and unless you have a pretty decent gaming machine, dont expect to be able to use anything but the bottom of the barrel graphical settings. Basically making the game look like GT1. Even more unfortunate is the company behind this game seems to have no concern for this lack of optimization, or the memory leaks that cause you to require a restart of the game every few races.Currently I have my fingers crossed that the company will pull it together and fix this little project of theirs, or this one will be another to be trumped by the traditional forza and GT.Conclusion: Dont buy it right now, wait until its fixed. Even all the bells and whistles are not worth all the headache from this game."
76561197991089355,Not Recommended,234630,16246817,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Logan,"This might be an amazing game with a wheel, but the gamepad controls are miserable. No amount of adjustment could dial this game in for me. The controls were either too twitchy or not responsive enough. In addition the recklessly aggressive AI and not quite right physics make it hard to be successful. In comparison of other great racing games like Assetto Corsa, Forza, or Shift the cars have absolutely no feel, so when you're racing on the ragged edge you don't know you've gone to far until the car spins. Can't recommend it in the current state."
76561197973806725,Not Recommended,234630,16397328,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Neenor,"In it's current state, I would not recommend this, far too many bugs and problems that will leave you frustrated. However, once the game actually gets finished it has the potential to be incredible."
,Recommended,234630,16777388,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ryden-55,"I have owned Project Cars for over two years having bought into it early access, and I can honestly say that you can see and feel the developers love and attention to detail with this title. This is a great game for those who enjoy close racing in motorsports rather than ficitional locations etc. No, there is no tuning your car to make it 2 fast 2 furious, instead this is all about satisfying your team, setting up your car by tweaking numerous elements such as camber, toe, ride height, bump rates, pit stop strategies and more. I thoroughly recommend this game and can honestly say ive met some great people on it!"
76561197997522655,Not Recommended,234630,15822740,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Optional?,Fix the AI
,Not Recommended,234630,15738910,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ricardo-reis,"First impressions on the game:Driving is just about the best experience i had so far (in a sim). Graphics are stunning. The game runs as smooth as i was expecting.Although:After waiting 7 months on successive delays 'to deliver a finished and polished' game, they didn't quite get there. Why?1. So, after several tries on Time Trial to set my best time (on California Highway Full, with a 12C GT3), with no penalties at all, i couldn't get the time to get saved. Glitch?2. After being on the Time Trials for a while, i decided to start the career. Guess what, first race is supposed to be with karts agains AI opponents, on a track for Karts (don't remember the name), i tried to get in the race for like 3 or 4 times and i was always getting with a Kart on California Highway, alone. Quit the game, got back to it, and it was all fine - Kart, against AI, on a Kart track.3. Not sure if this is a feature or not, but i find it super annoying that when on the pole position, it always sets the car on 1st gear. There are two different cam views while waiting for the green light. If you switch to N while on the first cam and start throttling, when the cam automatically changes, it switches the gear to 1st, which, if you're throtling, will get you desqualified as you start racing before the green light.Besides these 3 annoying little things, the experience ingame is absolutely fantastic.EDIT:Been trying the game a little more and no, i'm sorry but this is a beta that SMS pushed out just to get the money from the pre-orders. this game has so many glitches and bugs that is just starting to be annoying.just give a look at pCARS forums before you buy the game, and look at all the issue reports. (and worse, the answers 'this is a known issue, we are looking into it'.. details like people getting penalties for being pushed out of track from behind, or after getting out of the pit stops.. no tire sound in most of the tracks.. issues with non responsive pedals.. tire marks 10cm above/ away from the road.. the list goes on.. it's pretty frustrating to play with some of these issues. when they don't show, it's all ok, but otherwise, just makes me super mad at the game!"
76561198004914499,Not Recommended,234630,16354795,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Delinquent [PRIA],"In the short time I played the game I found it to be buggy.  The cars would consistently jerk left or right without driver intervention, and cost me several races as a result.  Even on Manual Transmission settings the car still shifts for you.  The graphics are a positive, but there is no way to design your own livery without photoshopping one and importing it into the game.  Overall the game is ok at best, and needs more patches and attention to become what it should have been."
76561197971239986,Not Recommended,234630,16342021,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,bushwacker,Wish I had not bought it awfull game I don't even think the graphics are nice and the physics are crap! How do you get a refund on steam?
,Not Recommended,234630,18036145,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Hell Knight F1,I got a female ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i jump back to Assetto Corsa.10/10 would female ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again.
,Not Recommended,234630,17991306,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,50Y,"As a SCCA hobbist in real life I felt a game like this would be right up my alley. I quickly realized that I was wrong and the 'sim' my be too sim-ish for the worst. Any car in any class handles horribly even when turning off all driving aids like TCS and ABS, selecting a full manual gearbox. I was using a X Box One game pad but just the slightest bit of movement would over steer and there is a huge dead zone on the accelarator. Over all this game is horrible in comparison to other games I have played like the Gran Turismo or the Project Gotham Racing series. Plus I couldn't find any type of way to paint your car to a color you like just ugly pre-picked racing schemes. Maybe I was just not seeing it in the menu. That is another BIG problem with this game the menus. They are so busy it is hard to tell what to do in career mode. Took about 10 minutes to figure out how to join a race. Over all not the best and I quickly requested a refund after 40 minutes of play time. Sorry Project CARS but I give you a 3/10."
,Recommended,234630,25213003,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,renton csgolive.com,"Very realistic game, however too hardcore and not casual at all. All vehicles are unlocked and there are mods that can give you some other cars, but don't buy this thinking it's laid back fun. It's very competitive and that's the fun of it, this isn't like need for speed or gta, this can be compared to forza and games as such. Also DO NOT BUY if you don't have a wheel. Mouse/Keyboard is very limited and wheel is 100x better"
76561198072499613,Not Recommended,234630,18451051,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Fishbonezken,"Look at that shiny asphalt, wow look at the beautiful rain droplets on the screen, look those soft wavy grass. It's a beautiful looking game, but that's all that I can say about it. The physics feels weird, either that or the game is not controller friendly. Asseto Corsa and DiRT Rally plays pretty well with a controller. Project CARS has a better UI than Asseto and better ingame graphics, but that's about it. PCars should still be in early access, or should have a lower price tag. The game isn't perfect and the studio has already announced Project Cars 2. Thank lord Gaben for Steam refunds."
,Not Recommended,234630,16812201,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Trølldrulen,bad controls
76561198011764881,Not Recommended,234630,16457841,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Varkee,"Xbox360 Controller, almost impossible to drive with... karts are all over the damn place."
,Not Recommended,234630,16711575,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Darkhalo314,"After playing countless hours of Need For Speed's, Forza's, Midnight Clubs's, and many other racing games, I am not too impressed with this game. Its not exactly a ""bad game"", but I find the quality lower than I had expected.What I liked:The amount of options (so many options to customize the gameplay)Up to 46 cars at onceWhat i didn't like:The graphics look cartoonish, aren't very impressive compared to Forza, which is a CONSOLE GAME. This is PC, since when does a game look better on console, than it does on PC?The handling of the carsRuns horribly on my GTX 970 (overclocked)"
76561198104416209,Recommended,234630,15736878,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,bigdaff,ultimate driving sim if you like driving this is for you :)
,Not Recommended,234630,15918192,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Kherven,"I find myself having trouble if I recommend this game or not. It really is hovering around that 3 star range for me. This game does a lot of things right, and brings many interesting things to the table. This game does a lot of things wrong.Disclaimer: I did not play this game during early access, I'm coming to this game from a full package 1.0 perspective. I am using a G27 Driving Wheel.I'm a pretty recent racing fan, I've played many of the recents including a brief but intensive stint of iRacing, some Asseto Corsa, and other like games such as Dirt Rally, F1 201X.So lets start out with what I really love about Project cars. You get a good deal of cars to choose from and generally if its a race car you can think of, its there. When it comes to tracks, the game also has a healthy amount and features the Nurburring which you often don't see in racing games due its length, but I find myself missing tracks like Circuit of the Americas, Lime Rock, and a few others. But don't get me wrong, its a good list of tracks.Being a real life F1 fan, you hear a lot about karting and it was really neat to have a game that included karting in it and really this leads me to the BEST point about Project Cars in my opinion, its saving grace. The Career mode.The career mode allows you to start in the lowest of the low (karting) and make your way all the way up to things like Formula 1 (A in the game) . It also allows you to choose your desination from things like touring cars or formula cars. Being able to have this progress really makes the game a rewarding experience and really makes you feel like you're accomplishing something. Games like iRacing obviously have a similarly satisfying progression system but its much less accessible due to the price and the nature of having to be good against other players.However, although facing AI makes the game more accesible, it also comes with a price. The AI in this game is bad. Not unplayably bad, but not good. If you're the type of person that can not stand AI cheating, you're gunna have a rough time with this game. If you touch grass or gravel you're thrown off the track by some mystical sideforce, no spinning or anything you'd expect. Its just like a giant vaccum just opened up right next to you. AI, on the other hand, have ZERO CONSEQUENCE for going off road. No slowdown, no weird sideforce, nothing. On top of this, AI are very oblivious to your presence. If you are on their racing line they will drive through you even if it ruins both your races in the process. You'll find yourself restarting the races again and again when the AI wrecks you which generally made me make the races as short as possible to compensate. Even with the AI cheating, they're still very bad in certain classes. In karting even at the absolute highest level I found myself crushing the AI as they just took ridiculously slow racing lines and starts. Yet in other classes the AI demolishes you. The difficulty slider really has to be tweaked in each tier to your liking.Crash physics are extremely weird, if you lift off the ground the game reacts like you just hit a concrete wall 10ft in the air. Damage is inconsistent. Grass slows you down like a sandtrap instead of you sliding. Some cars feel like their center of weight is a lagged pendulum. When I drove in Iracing and wrecked, I always knew why I wrecked. I often found myself wondering WHY am I spinnig in Pcars. I don't know if this is because the physics model is wrong, or if the force feedback is not communicative enough about the vehicle. FFB just seems kinda there as an immersive feature rather than a feature that lets you know what the car is doing.So! Clearly this game has a lot of problems. I do find myself coming back just for the career mode, and to experience new vehicles. Do I recommend this game? I think it really depends on what you're looking for. If you love Forza and Gran Turismo, this might be the game for you? If you play games like Asseto Corsa and iRacing, be prepared for some major steps back in some areas, but you may still be able to find your own fun somewhere.Ultimately, I cannot recommend this game for the average racer. If you really like the idea of a career progression, I recommend picking it up, but for the amount of flaws this game has, its just too rough right now to recommend for everyone else"
,Not Recommended,234630,16305244,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,befcake,"This Game is broken for AMD customers, You would hit a cone and it would stay in place before being flung half across the track..... Impressive physics? I think not.... Also being able to muster 45 fps on ultra on 1080p on two 290x just speak volumes of how little optimization they did. I refunded my purchase and spent it on something that actually works!"
76561197973585200,Not Recommended,234630,15800792,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Niff-Tea,"career mode :-graphics look great and it runs very well , however a little too complicated to navigate around set up screensonline mode :-alot of waiting around for sessions to fill or host to start , start a race with 15 players after lap one 7 will leave , after lap 2 lucky if there is still 4 players racing , by end of race you be on the track alone if you are in first place unless 2nd place is right on your tail,worst online gaming experience ever ,  unless you are recing a group of friendssummary:-looks great , runs smooth .tricky to master , lots of waiting around in online modeif your looking for a fun racing game this is not for you,  this is a racing sim only for the most anal racersedit 1 :-after a week of more of playing,and trying to get some value for my money i think i was a little too lenient in my review and feel the need to comeback and state the following :-more of a waiting sim than a driving simgraphics periodically freeze for no reason whilst racing making you crashworst online racing game EVER by faredit2had the game for  a while now, ive continued to play trying my hardest to ignore all the glitches and waiting online, as i really wanted to like it becauee it looks great, as i've progressed it seems its not a driving sim afterall, its more of a car set up sim, if you dont know how to set the 'what seems loike millions' of car settings then you've got no chance , no matter how good a driver you are , the others will be 7 seconds a lap faster.final summary :-looks great , lots of waiting online ,  lots of glitches , Car set up sim rather than driving sim, awful online gamingi cant stress enough how awful this online gaming iswish i'd not wasted my money"
76561198018972582,Not Recommended,234630,15965754,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Squid,23rd MAY - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Unhandled exception errors all over the place. I have only been able to do a race then the game crashes.I had high hopes for this game but the errors in the coding mean it's probably going to take some time before I would recommend buying it.I played it on my friends PS4 and it even crashed on that so I don't think it's hardware based and rather something not right in the code (C++?).Wait for the updates I guess :-(I feel more than slightly MAD right now.
76561198132230688,Recommended,234630,15738603,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,xMOTORxBREATHx,"Wow...Best racing game graphics ever, by far!!!Weather are crazy. Sim grade physics. Awesome choice of cars and tracks.My only downside is the FFB on my G25: I expected a better FFB.Otherwise, I totally recommend this game![Edit] After few research, I have found this tweak for FFB: Leave every settings at default and change the FFB of every car to 50, 70 or >>90%<<, instead of 26%....and save it for every track.Now you feal the road! Awesome!"
76561198184557810,Not Recommended,234630,16404515,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,lawndarting,The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashes all the time. Avoid this game like the plague.
76561198010796002,Recommended,234630,16987758,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lobo,"Fun game, would recommend to freinds!"
76561198077766928,Recommended,234630,15742622,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,jinglyjim,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,234630,15818831,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RankUp,"Coming over from other racing sims, likeiRacing.comfor example, I was expecting the same kind of polished physics from PCars. I understand the fact that racing sims aren't exactly mainstream, so I can see why they really wanted to push this to really be a fantastic sim-cade title instead of spending tons to push it over the simulator edge.What this game does right is:Suuuuper detailed graphicsGood enough physics to raceProper AI (though way too agressive on every setting)Plenty of Cars and TracksGreat career mode (slightly confusing scheduling though)Easily accessable multi-playerOH MY GOD! A RACING GAME WITH PROPER WEATHER!!!What's wrong? :In every car I touched, It felt like I was on wet tires for the rear... No setup could stick the car into the ground, almost like it was raining. Somehow, whenever I updated, every car seems a ton better. Could've just been a bug, but odd none the less.Small to major differences in the tracks compared to real life.Kart physics don't play well on a wheel, atleast to me.FFB was waaaaay too strong out of the box.Lots of key bindings missing by default for my G27.Pit stops are AI controlled, regardless of setting (As far as I can find)Pit stops are not easily done in multiplayer due to the menu systems...Pings are often extremely high when connected to any server (Even to iR teammates that have fantastic PC's and amazing internet, and my internet is no slouch)Now, With all of this in mind, Do I think any racing sim fan or racer should buy this game?Well, Sim fans need to really drive the title to see if they like it... Perhaps a demo should be available with one of the gt3's around a common track like Laguna...Racing fans, Controller or wheel, this will statisfy almost any hunger for road racing one could have. Sadly, the developer didn't include ovals, so Nascar fans, you're stuck with the nascar games(which I won't even think about anymore) or you need to step up to a real sim with a wheel. Also, any Indycar lovers will hate to find out that there isn't even a knock-off indy with this title. This is really just a ""Road to Formula1A"" game.I really do enjoy this game for the lovely graphics and some of the racing I've gotten from the agressive AI. Go watch someone's youtube for a while before you decide if you want to spend your money."
76561198061687240,Not Recommended,234630,15821985,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,hans.ijpma,"Obviously project cars is a stunning game but I can't help feeling a little disappointed. All I want is to race in amazing cars and in this game there's way too much going on in terms of distracting menu's, options, complicated game play hurdles etc.. But if you're into all that then this game is perfect."
76561198005027332,Recommended,234630,16125038,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SphereOfChaos,"Great racing game with top of the line graphics and rendering.If you are a sim racer and like rFactor 2 and Assetto Corsa, you may be a bit disappointed with the physics, but they're nottoo bad.Very addictive game, especially the championship progression.  The day and night cycles, rain, reflections and sound are awesome.You should really have a wheel when playing, because the FFB is amazing (not as good as rFactor 2) but amazing nonetheless.They are working on patch v1.4 as I'm writing this, so lots of improvements and bug fixes on the way!Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,234630,34072861,Posted: 6 August,all,Mikeuhi,Could not find an 86 :(
76561197969713560,Recommended,234630,23827106,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Foulplay,"I don't like driving games because they suck on a gamepad, or rather, I suck at driving with a gamepad.But, once I got a nice racing chair and a cheap Logitech Driving Force GT wheel and pedals I could finally spend more time driving instead of trying to get myself back on the track.Couple this with an Oculus Rift for VR and suddenly I really like driving games, specifically Project Cars.I've also tried Assetto Corsa and it's VR implementation is good, great even, but Project Cars handles it better - mostly because most of the menus in PC are more VR friendly and the ability to adjust your seating position up, down, forwards, backwards and also alter the convergence (3D strength) on the fly means every single car looks and feels great in VR.Being able to look around the interior of each car, and driving from the cockpit is really immersive, and being able to look at each corner is a subtle, but great, improvement over a static ""straight ahead"" view.  Physically looking at your mirrors to check behind also adds to the immersive feel.Each car feels different to drive and you get a feel for your favourite tracks and vehicle types quite quickly.I'm still not a great driver, but a force feedback wheel and VR make this game a lot of fun, and I'm so glad I spent the money."
,Not Recommended,234630,23938296,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Flame,cant get a refund
76561198018659413,Not Recommended,234630,23784348,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rixorcist,With ai this bad even in the steam sale this game is not a good buy.Your on a track with other racers but you are actually ivisible to them. So get prepared to be bumped shunted run off the road.Losing patience already have to look elsewhere I guess.
76561198262546288,Recommended,234630,24021489,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Blaze,"I really like this game, actually. Visuals are the best I've seen in a racing game + with the day/night and weather system it's really nice. Sound is excellent, and the story mode is well done. The fake twitter messages are funny. AI is good enough too in my opnion.The game does need work in terms of handling though. The force feedback is wrong, and I don't like that you can't drift at all in this game. There's a lot of customization, but not the things that matter for casual racers like me: you can't choose the color/graphics on the car, can't upgrade/downgrade engine or turbo, can't change wheels (dirt, snow, hard vs soft). Did I mention, there is no replay feature. Also, there is no track customization feature at all. Gran Turismo 6 [ on the PS3 ] had all these things right, and this game [ on PC ] just seems so limited in these respects."
76561198150318028,Not Recommended,234630,20608250,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Father Ted,"After many hours trying to like/get this game to work correctly I've given up,its just soooo broken at its core [AI issuse,pit stop problems,tyre heating and on and on] only good thing is it looks ok-ish,I will never buy another SMS game ever again!!!P.S. and now infinite loading screens since patch 8.0."
,Recommended,234630,20392723,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DeR. Centrex,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,234630,25347635,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Patitoman,Utterly garbage!
,Not Recommended,234630,17541667,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BearMGaming,Do Not Get its terrible i thought it was good at looking at screenshots and videos but no no DO NOT BUY!!!! U cant upgrade cars or tune or anything and controlls are terrible omgL: JUST NEVER GET THIS SCAM
76561198157210281,Not Recommended,234630,21056744,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,江主席,♥♥♥♥♥happens often
,Recommended,234630,29203066,Posted: 12 January,all,Joost P,Awesome realistic and very entertaining game when using it with a good steering wheel. (In my case a Logitech G29)
76561197962660651,Not Recommended,234630,23613009,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kurylo3D,Only tried this game for a short time.. with an xbox controller... I will say i absolutely hate this game. I only bought it to test with my vr setup... The handling in rain is tap the joystick a tiny tiny bit and ur car does 360 degree spins... its just not a fun game whatsoever.. not realistic.
76561198097069333,Recommended,234630,15860509,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,shoob goob,fast and furious simulator 11/10 - Han
76561198134531522,Recommended,234630,15858896,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,grackle.one,"Can't write revue now, trying to qualify top 3 for next race."
76561198054538711,Recommended,234630,15860746,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Preceptorbat,"Solid simulator, but that's what it is, only a simulator. The arcade aspect of a racing game has been omitted from this game. Which i think is a positive step. There are a host of open world and arcade racing games out there and the market needed a solid sim.From cars to tracks, to racing, to weather effects, sound is top notch. The sheer volume of customization is awesome. Of course if you're not that aware of motor handling you wouldn't easily understand all those customizations but gradually you will get to learn the motor stuff. I do hope the graphics engine could have been a tad bit better, since it needs a patch or two to be properly optimized on PC.If you like simulators, this is the game for you, meticulous care and polish is applied to this game by Slightly Mad Studios.8.5/10"
76561198074619503,Recommended,234630,15829703,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,iPeliukas,"So pCars - really amazing race sim.Pros:-Really cool AI, it defends and attacks, they just never give up.- Amazing graphics - cant even think more beutiful sim. game.-Tons of cars. And I believe its just a beginning.- Pure racing atmosphere.- And alot more things, that, well cant describe them, cus lack of time.Drawbacks:-Multiplayer. For now its just stupid, cus of kids ( or aduls who behave like a kids :D )"
,Recommended,234630,15844010,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mr. Robot,"I honestly have to say this game is just great ! So maybe not mario kart but not quite iracing level bbut near - this game is just the perfect match of arcade style and sim-sim grade. Multiplayer is great, theres a nice community.Main--- Graphics are just unbelievably good; the best graphics in a game i have seen for ages ..."
,Recommended,234630,16864035,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ПасХаНтер,Great game
76561198041618999,Recommended,234630,16905392,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Luigi Vercotti,"The best racing/sim I ever played. Yes, it has some issues but you still can have so much fun, mostly with friends by playing multiplayer. Nobody and nothing is perfect but I give this game 9/10."
76561198161477679,Recommended,234630,15808679,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,omegabrain2000,"The best racing game that I owned. The races are very challenging because of the hard handling, but this is good. At least, you would feel that you are driving a real car. The visuals are great specially the sun rays during sunrise and sunset. Although I'm not that impressed with the rain effect. I saw some videos of rain effects in Driveclub and Forza Horizon and I think they are awesome. I hope this will be improve in Project Cars. But for now, I really enjoy playing this game.On the negative side, I would like to point out that the menus are a bit confusing and just plain. Also, if I adjust some settings on the visuals, it would ask me to restart the game. This is annoying for me sometimes because I would have to wait for the game to load. Maybe because of the way the program works. I hope this will be sorted out by the developers."
76561198209845509,Not Recommended,234630,33363022,Posted: 7 July,all,LittleDude,"No. Just no.The physics are terrible, gravity pulls down on you too much.There is literally only one sound effect for when you crash into something. And it just gets louder. And louder. And louder. And louder. AND LOUDER. AND LOUDER. AND LOUDER, AND LOUDER AND LOUDER!!!!Crashing is way too easy, just bumping another racer will set the bad physics into motion and send one of you flying.I don't know if it's just me, but I experienced some pretty awful framerate drops from time to time that completely halted my experience.The opponents will almost ALWAYS stay on the driving line and will rarely take their own path.There is a huge lack of vehicles and tracks to mess around with.Some background objects, like buildings, have terrible draw distance issues. This is mostly noticable in replays.The cars handle like crap.I found the small amount of tracks to race on to be very boring. Most of them consist of turning, going straight, then turning some more, and then going straight. Some of them will be mostly straight, with only a turn every once in a while. And if you want some difficulty, I think like, one or two stages are just completely filled with turns.I'd rather play Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing than to try playing this garbage. Thank god for Steam refunds, now I'll probably go get myself a GOOD racing game. Now, I know you're there, and you're thinking: ""Well, I'm sure it's not THAT bad, look at all the better reviews, I'll like it!"" But trust me, YOU WON'T. You know how I know that? Because I was you. I thought that exact same thing before buying the game, and then getting a refund for it a day later. And if you DO get this game, PLEASE do NOT play over the two hour mark, because I know you WILL want a refund for it."
76561198076096157,Not Recommended,234630,15804665,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,celestronpower,In setting I’m selected keyboard and handbrake is space when I tap the handbrake in game nothing happens. I'm think this is games issue and I hope this problem will be fix. Thank you.
,Not Recommended,234630,15988714,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DravenDayz,"Bought this game thinking It looked stunning and it would be good but I am so disappointed to say i just cannot play it. Using an xbox 360 controller this game is horrible. It is unplayable for me. Cars are just uncontrollable, they are sluggish to turn  no matter the settings and they snap back causing constant spin outs. I don't have this issue in any other racing game. Poor show!"
76561198095856202,Recommended,234630,16058105,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,hamdan,Why is there a fitting playTwo specificationsgeforce GTX 960core i7-4770ram 16There are comments prints play
,Recommended,234630,16671083,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Doubes,"Is gud, real gud!. Needs time attack cars! & more big turbo sounds"
76561198034234245,Not Recommended,234630,15818881,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ROTA__,Very nice but requires a lot of fixes.I am crashing on a black screen all the time. PC Class AAA.Second day of the game and it is dead on black screen.Sad.
,Recommended,234630,15826595,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,4knell,its defo a competitor with forza
76561198012304437,Recommended,234630,15831288,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,schlippyschlappy,"I like it!Not a big racing game guy but this game looks and plays pretty great on my system. I appreciate that I could map the controls to my flight sim yoke and pedals, lickity split! A wheel might be better suited but it's not bad with the CH yoke! I think I'm gonna get some good hours out of this one."
76561197970420286,Recommended,234630,15728328,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,EURO,"On first looks!What a game, loads of cars, loads of tracks, multiple scenarios, online racing, career mode,  weather, night racing, the options are endless. This is the best game for racing by far.For an old hat at playing racing Sims what’s new for me? Well lots of tracks I’ve never raced, a few cars I’ve never raced too. If you’ve ever done IRACING and EA sports F1 then this game gives you both without purchasing annoying add-ons to make the game complete, (particularly with Iracing).I fully recommend this product (On first looks)So far so good"
76561198031560299,Recommended,234630,15758709,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,shawz0311,"I've been waiting a long time for Project CARS to be released, as I missed the WMD buy in.  First off I don't own a wheel, and I've been playing with an XBOX One controller. At first the game drove me mad trying to just make it around any track and be on par with the AI. After a little time figuring out how sensitive the analog sticks were with some cars, I got the hang of driving a few cars, from GT 3 up to LMP 1. It's not so bad with a gamepad.This game is visually stunning at times, maybe even the majority of the time. It is eye candy for racing/driving/car fans. The handling once you get the hang of it is pretty nice as well. Every car has it's own nuances and behavior. The game also features some pretty cool tire wear. Race on cold tires, and you are better off not pushing too hard, drive in wet tires once a storm has ended and prepare for those tires to wear quickly.This is the first game I think I might actually purchase a racing wheel for, highly recommended."
76561198005862618,Not Recommended,234630,18053469,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dominasian,"Worst game to play aginst AI, some races there are easy, some races, you can even pass anyone, No consistency, AI is not smart, meaning if something is in front of them, they brake, so hard, you end up at their back, and when touch their back, both cars wont steer, most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ARCADE game ever."
76561197968546167,Recommended,234630,15736040,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,StealthR6,"This is thee racing sumulation to rules all simulations. I would have to say the greatest racing sim ever made. I can't believe someone actually pulled this off. I cannot stop playing this game. My 2 fav racing sims were Porsche Unleashed and GTR2, and this surpasses those games."
,Recommended,234630,15807231,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[FLOT] Hopscotch,"I've got almost 10 hours on this game and all I can really say is wow. I'm using a Logitech G27 and the feel is incredible, like nothing else I've ever played. Visuals are insane, I'm running just about maxed out settings around 60-70fps. I've only done a few races with actual cars, been spending a lot of time racing the go karts. I'm really liking the career mode and the way the progression and sessions are setup. Haven't tried any online yet though.From what I've played so far, I'm giving it 10/10. And it's only going to get better."
,Recommended,234630,17156567,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,goryburk,"great divability, excellent graphics, very realistic"
,Recommended,234630,15722241,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Actually Graham Norton,Dang...
76561198049308162,Recommended,234630,16989123,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Атбильд,ONE OF THE FEW RACING SIMS OUT THERE FOR PC. GRAPHICS ARE THE BEST OUT THERE. PLAYIN THIS ON STEERING WHEEL IS AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE. SUPER HARD AND FRUSTRATING AT SOME POINTS.
76561198024276621,Recommended,234630,21578625,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Girls' Generation,Best Racing Simulator ever!
,Not Recommended,234630,17778685,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DukmanX,"TLDRPROS: Decent Graphics, good physics engine, good track selectonCONS: Little to no automotive content, pay for completion I.E DLC.Extended VersionAdmittedly, I actually didn't spend much time with the game before I wrote this review, but I spent enough time in game to know what this game is missing, and it is missing a lot.  Project Cars was also released on the consoles where it's going to go up against two very large and very popular titans.   And it's going to get its butt kicked  for the very reasons why I am giving the game a neutral/negative review for the PC version.    The content available at release is dissapointing and Slightly Mad Studios has gleefully jumped on the DLC bus so that to add to the paltry list of vehicles, you have to pay more.I admit that I am spoiled by the way things are done in Gran Turismo or Forza,  I love being able to take a beater/cheap car and slowly building it up piece by piece.  I enjoy driving the street cars more than I do the full blown race cars.  I would rather bomb around the track in a Honda that has some  extreme performance stree tires, suspension mods and a few engine tweaks than blast around in whatever race car is offered.  To me the former is far more entertaining than the latter.   I don't understand why that formula hasn't crossed over to the PC sims.   And PCars drops the ball here.The car list is pathetic.  I went to hop in a Ford... I had a single option.  Thats ONE, UNO, SOLO.  Same with BMW.   Yay.  Where is Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Renault, not to mention Chevrolet.  And where are the big boys?  Ferrari, Lamborghini, Porsche?The Project Cars hype campaign promised a lot of things, but Im not seeing it.  Essentially, its got some great looking dinnerware, but there is no meat whatsoever on those plates and we're getting water instead of wine.I wish that there was a neutral option as I don't completely dislike the game and there is hope for it.   But Im not impressed enough by it to give it a thumbs up.  Thankfully, I did not pay full price for this.  Still, Im considering putting Steams refund policy to the test."
,Not Recommended,234630,26423555,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,aldyr,"I have had so many crashes and problems with this game, i wouldn't recommend this to hitler. Your VR update broken my ♥♥♥♥ing game. I can't see any video. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Prior to that, random crashing to desktop. Not impressed with your developers at all."
,Recommended,234630,25956122,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MirkoDMC,I've no words to describe this piece of art.
,Recommended,234630,32314968,Posted: 10 June,all,Clarence,10/10 would feel like a virtual Jeremy Clarkson again.
,Recommended,234630,22745418,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Tommy Reeve,Relle gret
,Not Recommended,234630,23813012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,scrapheap,Vive integration is terrible. Can't reset sitting position so you end up in some weird position half sitting on your chair facing the wrong direction.
76561198063029245,Recommended,234630,23716671,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,M96,maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan this games kinda hard
76561197961168458,Recommended,234630,16107493,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Luftwaffles,"What it does, it does good. But the lack of licensed content is deafening.Do you want to push your Ferrari around LeMans? Sorry not in the game! Do you want to try your luck taking your Dekon Chevy Monza around..well... Monza? Sorry! No Chevy license. Well, OK. So you want to take the cars that you DO have around some famous tracks. Well how about taking your BMW Procar around Suzuka? Oh..! Sorry no license for that track, so you have to cruise around ""famous"" Sakitto.Don't get me wrong. It's a great game, and what it does it does well. But offering so little over such a breadth of content doesn't do any one thing justice. It's like trying to cover yourself up with a throw blanket when you're freezing cold. You pull it under your neck and it uncovers your feet. That's what happens in this game.The physics are ok. The cars seem a little stiff and on the ground for the sim-minded people, but it's a great step over Shift 2: Unleashed's engine.The tracks that it does have licenses for are great. You'll find the Nordschleife and LeMans in game.The audio isn't as good as Raceroom Experience, but for all the money you save on buying Project Cars versus the infinitely in beta RRE, you can just go buy a steering wheel to make up for it : )GO KARTS8/10 needs more car selection (especially retro touring)Edit: I forgot to mention that Slightly Mad Studios did Unleashed, so it's only a matter of time before the cars from the Retro DLC pack they offered in that game is made for PCars. Rouen and historic Spa will only be a matter of time!"
76561198071932438,Recommended,234630,15738481,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,tristan65,get it. it is that good
76561198015463677,Not Recommended,234630,19036655,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,IronXed,"Used to be a good game when it released. Now I can't even find a server with players in it to race with - not because they dont exist, but because the server browser system is ALL screwed up. It has filters that do...absolutely nothing, not that it matters because the entire list is only empty games. Even when trying to join a friends game via invite, it takes FOREVER to join IF you dont get an error while joining. When the game 1st came out this was not an issue at all - but they made their money now, and dont care about support anymore.I dont buy games for single player.This game as well as Star Citizen have taught me to never buy games from non-mainstream publishers, as much as I hate EA."
76561198183258349,Not Recommended,234630,19065060,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Thabooken,Continues Freeze on race loading is the most annoying thing and thats all this useless junk game does !!!
76561197999256991,Not Recommended,234630,21029185,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Irish,"This is completely unacceptable. One of the glitchiest games i've played in a long time.When the car is pre race and driving by itself, it gets jammed behind stuff resulting in me starting the race wayyy behind the other drivers.Sometimes the game decides to not respond to my pedals, be fine with the buttons and half respond to the steering wheel (G27 Logitech)... this happens every 4th race and is completely game breaking.Not sure how this has ""mostly positive"" reviews tbh. Glad I didn't buy this when it was £40, but still feel like £16 was wasted :(Great game in theory, but unfinished. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,234630,21045257,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hunt103,"I've played almost 100 hours of Assetto Corsa and decided to buy this thinking it may be a good addition to my racing simulator collection but the force feed back is horrible compared to Assetto Corsa. You can't even adjust the suspension systems or anything like you can in Assetto Corsa. Assetto Corsa allows you to adjust almost everything you would be able to adjust in real life. The track selection is actually better than Assetto Corsa and so is the car selection (yet you can't adjust/tune ANY of the cars). The graphics aren't optimized so you'll run at lower FPS than you really should be. The car interiors look better than Assetto Corsa. The Lotus Type 49 is almost literally impossible to drive in a straight line with all default settings for my G27 and the force feed back while I have spent nearly 15 hours driving that car in Assetto Corsa and have nearly mastered it. Mod support is horrible, while Assetto Corsa has mods up the wazoo."
,Not Recommended,234630,21037824,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,LENNY,"good sounds, graphics and tracks. But the handling and car selection is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ On that bombshell not worth the full price."
,Recommended,234630,15772291,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kieran,"Runs at 4k 80fps maxed out on a gtx 980, incredibly immersive with a g27."
76561198192083693,Not Recommended,234630,23522054,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,derMilchmann,"Broken on Intel I5-4690k, R9 390. It simply crashes when initialising, it isn`t even the first time, before the last time they updated the game it was only playable in windowed mode and you couldn`even change it in the settings. It was fun for several months but not anymore"
76561198031737583,Not Recommended,234630,19805255,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wolf,"you'd expect this game to be a realistic driver simulation, instead its just another arcade. the way the cars behave on track is not realistic. you'd think the amount of money these idiots spend they woul'd consult professional drivers on the handling of these vehicles. pathetic. NOT THE GAME FOR THE TRUE DRIVING FANATICS. Rather go for F1 or Forza."
,Not Recommended,234630,34575474,Posted: 29 August,all,Not Lukas,"Decent game, my only complains are these:Very and i mean VERY toxic community, like when i was first joining a multiplayer game i accidentaly bumped into someone and it wasn't even a hard hit and he just starts yelling in chat for me to un-install and kill myself, like come on! i was learning.I would like some more customization for my vehicles etc.Career is decent but nothing special.Also it's a bit laggy. My specs are: graphics card: AMD R7 370 processor: AMD FX 8320 eight-core. So if you have anything around this then you should get around 40 to 70 fps :)Overall 5/10"
76561198014378870,Not Recommended,234630,23574475,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Black Cat,"Wish I could but I can't. VR optimization is horrendous, at the moment at least for the Vive. Standard game is absolutely stunning, visually speaking, never got around to the rest of the game since I was hell bent on playing it in VR. If they were to patch it to make 90 FPS in VR with the HMD settings it currently recommends then I would lose my life to this game and become a fanboy till the end of my days. You can tell from the experience and the moment you load into the driver's seat of a car that this could change the way we game forever, then I go to drive and realize I'm dangerously close to having my first ever epileptic seizure if the framerate drops any lower. It can't be properly explained the amount of satisfaction you feel when you're sitting in that driver's seat and conversely the dissapointment that floods through you when you realize that's about all you can do comfortably. If they don't release a well-optimized patch for VR, which they surely don't have to since I've already bought their product along with many others, then it'll just sit in my library collecting dust with the rest of the dissapointing games I've bought along the way because there are other and arguably better, depending on personal preference of course, racing games out there if VR is not a selling point for you."
,Recommended,234630,22630053,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mapleground,Too hard.
76561197989781852,Recommended,234630,15787691,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DEMPS151,"what a game, its everything i have been looking for in a racing game for year the others got the odd bit right like the cars, ai or tracks, graphics, but this has got everything down to a t,It may have small bugs here and there (not many that i have seen)this is online check this out if unsurehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqcPtIgHDDA"
76561198000100155,Recommended,234630,16066250,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Pope Of Grope,"Its a car racing game, but you already knew that, that means the computer controlled cars in single player are either insanely hard (phrasing) or really really easy to beat off (again phrasing) . .it seems that the way developers make games these days is to get to about 80% complete and release it at full price.  . where upon the masses descend, buy the game, play it until there eyes explode and fingers fall off . .  then within an hour or so major bugs, crashes, graphics glitches, and compatibility issues start to rear there ugly yet inevitable heads. . .yes yes i know . .  ""but thats the jobs of the beta testers and game devs to sort out Pre launch. . ."" i hear you say. .um well no, not anymore, it seems that you and I are now the unwilling slaves that report all the nasty stuff that dose not work via the OFFICIAL FORUMS .  .that being said the game is playable both in single and multi player modes, it looks and feels fantastic . . . but . . and its a big butt ( phrasing) . .  because it a racing game you get the CRASHERS  RAMMERS IDIOTS  ..  and inevitable CHEATS . .there is a saying "" you cant polish a turd, but you can roll it in glitter "" , here's hoping the devs make the right decision and address the issues in this game with professionalism and haste and not just coat it in glitter ..ending rant . .  £40 is a bit steep, patch the game !, needs a lot more server slots, no mic in pc version, blah blah blah"
76561198137929025,Recommended,234630,16996293,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,jpchartrand,"If you have a wheel, buy it. If you don't, buy it.  Awesome game."
,Recommended,234630,16926103,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Riktar,Best game for racing
76561198124193192,Recommended,234630,16898508,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PEACH,more cars!!
76561198193254893,Recommended,234630,16895952,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Aquas,"Really good racer, but a wheel is a must have. Tried it with keyboard/mouse and it is quite a pain. The AI are actually viable, however they sometimes tend to ram into you on turns if you are too slow. Luckily you can customize AI difficulty level and turn on/off drivers aids for yourself to fix that problem. Overall a really great game (from a single player standpoint - not good enough to try online yet)."
76561198189254737,Recommended,234630,17026298,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ElectricN3RD,Great game. I have a ton of fun playing. The graphica are great. Works better with a controler vs the keyboard and mouse.
76561198136317161,Recommended,234630,15723001,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,可愛的咪咪！,A very legendary racing game for me.  But need add more cars in it please
76561198182251742,Recommended,234630,15730001,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,iTz Eastyy,Awesome Game !!!
76561198057886295,Recommended,234630,15721311,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Leonardo Da Jedi,simply beautiful. i have been waiting a long time and the moment has finally arrived. very happy to say i am lovong it.
,Recommended,234630,15762219,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Pixelsmack,"Sim Racing is back on the PC FULL FORCE. It has been a long time since we've had a truly immersive, gorgeous, single player and multiplayer Sim Racer to enjoy on PC.  Project Cars is a solid hit! (rFactor and Assetto Corsa, are all wonderful too, but hardly arcade capable)THIS game is adjustable from arcade mayhem to full on simulation. No other game has mastered this quite like Project Cars.The career mode requires patience and is not for the ""twitch"" ADD gamer. Yes, you can skip practice and qualifying sessions but where's the challenge and fun in that? If you don't know what that means, then this is why the SOLO and MULTIPLAYER options will be appealing to not only the ""pro sim racers"" but also those looking for more arcade fun.SOLO allows, along with free practice, you to do whatever you want. Explore the tracks and cars.THERE ARE MANY.Creating a session for multiplayer (MP) is a painless process. Pick a track, a car class, time of day and weather if you want, password the event or leave it open, done. You can INVITE Steam friends to the event with a simple click. Fast, and painless.The graphics are astounding. The sounds is astounding. The car handling is fun and alive. I did test it with my XB360 gamepad just to see how the ""arcade"" modes would handle, and it works great. Just dial back the steering sensitivity a bit.Obviously a wheel and pedal setup is more ideal. I have a $65 wheel from Thrustmaster (Red Ferrari Edition). It has no Force-Feedback, just some bungees on the inside. I tell you, even this simple cheap addition, makes the game ten-times more fun. The wheel is light weight, easy to plop down, and put away. As easy as any gamepad. Trust me, you'll have a much more enjoyable time. (sounds like I just reviewed the wheel too)   ;)The game has multiple views. Helmet (my personal fav), Drivers seat, in car cam, hood cam, and 3rd person view. It supports Oculus Rift too. (sweeeet)In conclusion, mainstream, well done, racing is back on PC! Career mode, racing with friends, or just messing around. We have something that plays, looks, sounds, amazing for everyone!Screen shot of my setup.(warning, not sexy)"
76561197966690103,Recommended,234630,15771685,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TOX444,Boom !!!  What an excellent game. Graphics are stellar and the physics spot on...  Highly recommend if Racing is your vice...
,Recommended,234630,15722845,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,coffee chan,"easily on par, if not better, than assetto corsa"
76561197997291196,Recommended,234630,16677372,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lleajy,"Good graphism, realist whithout too much effect. Few things could be better, like the pixelated sun on the board.The drive is realist enough for me, once you disable all the assist in the options.You need a wheel for this game. I play with thr thrustmaster tr500s + t8rs. Love it.Very few bug. I've yet to get a glitch on the road after 24h of play.The car configuration is epic.There are a lot of different cars. from karts to F3. 4wd, fwd, rwd.THE SOUND AT LAST. Best car's sound in game so far.(this review is based on comparison with F1 2014, colin mcrae 200x).I'm not a butt hurt pro driver expecting 100% perfect driving from this game (a lot of those guys in the reviews), maybe it has a few imperfection at the driving but those are details that most won't even notice.The AI needs improvement, it's really poor. You can get away with a false start and run with 1mn ahead....I don't have much experience with the multiplayer. I'm not good enough to compete with lot of people online. Didn't see bugs or lags online on the few games i did.I run it max without crash, bugs, fps-down with :I5 4670kcorsair ddr3 16goGTX 780benq 27"""
,Recommended,234630,16685428,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Timberwolf,"If Assetto Corsa is the best driving sim available, this has the potential to be the best *racing* sim.  I say potential, because there are some serious problems getting in the way of that... but when it's on point, the feeling of managing the car and tyres, battling against the weather, and trying to eke out a few more hundredths of a second are good enough that you start to forget you're playing a game.  Even little things like the morning sun obscuring a braking point in an early qualifying session add hugely to the experience.Mentioning that sun, it's a gorgeous looking game too.  The lighting model and weather effects stay just the right side of overblown, so whether it's a sun-bleached day in California or a drizzly, overcast British afternoon on track, you feel - well, there.But there are clouds over the experience, and not the game's own lovingly rendered storms.  The first is that the game is a bit buggy.  Not catastrophically so, but every so often it'll hang while loading, or get stuck trying to skip a practice session, with no option other than to kill it via Task Manager.  But that's far from the biggest problem.The biggest problem is the AI.  Sometimes, for a few corners, the AI can be some of the most convincing I've seen in a racing game. They race each other, they try to block overtakes, they'll squeeze you off the racing line while stopping short of contact, and they'll defend sensibly going into a corner. They even make some plausibly human mistakes under pressure. But then it'll all fall apart. And when the AI falls apart in Project Cars, it does so in a big way.I've watched AI cars leave the track and travel hundreds of metres across the grass for the sole purpose of ramming the player. I've sighed as they try kamikaze divebombs up the inside of a corner that can only ever end up in a crash. I've boggled as they leave the track, drive alongside the player car, then turn hard across the track. It makes it impossible to have a satisfyingly close race, because you know sooner or later the computer is going to make a suicidal, stupid move that no real driver would ever consider - the kind of move that will definitely end their race in the hope it will also end the players.(Although to add to the woes, the AI operate under different physics to the player meaning they often get away scot free with causing spins and crashes)I'm confident SMS can fix the bugs.  I'm not so sure they can fix the AI - and that's a shame, because it's all that stands in the way of Project Cars being the best racing game so far created.  Even as it is the game deserves a cautious recommendation, because the racing (providing you keep your distance from the AI cars and accept the need for an occasional restart when they ram you during an overtake) is just that good."
,Recommended,234630,15732718,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Full metall gook,"Too much motorsport, but cool"
76561198133849047,Recommended,234630,15732239,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jack_Ward99,ACE
,Recommended,234630,15735276,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,cjM,10/10 BUT PLIS ADD C63
76561197995436971,Recommended,234630,15735295,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BuzZxKillington,"Great graphics, Great physics, great audio. Real sense of speed in all classes. One problem, AI drives through you!! I hope this can be resolved soon."
76561197960275516,Recommended,234630,15729841,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,rek,"Unfortunately I don't have any spare Aston Martins around for me to test drive for comparison, but if I had to guess this game gets the experience closer than any other. Also, it includes Ariel Atoms - what more could you want?"
76561197989573495,Recommended,234630,15735649,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chatopex,Not bad simulator. Fun Game. Awsome quality.9/10
76561197985544229,Recommended,234630,15747112,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,dirtyArticle,"I'm playing this on a DK2 and the VR experience is absolutely astonishing. OK, there are a few issues such as the in game menus not being rebuilt for VR, but once you get into a race..... THIS GAME IS PHENOMENAL. driving an open top car at night in a thunderstorm and have the rain hammering into the glass of your helmet whilst the reflections of the track-side lights glimmers on pools of water ahead =  genuinely mindblowing. if you have a strong hardware setup and are on the fence about this, just buy it and gaze in wonder at the attention to detail, and grin from ear to ear hot-lapping as the sun sets. there are ample cars, tons of tracks and the difficulty can be honed to allow a perfect racing experience for both sim-fiends and casual players alike."
76561198047529184,Recommended,234630,17169630,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,reddragonsteel,Project Cars one of the best driving games ever not a fan of the stock cars but has what i do lie so im game./..see you on the track
76561198124093391,Recommended,234630,17211294,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,zTOOzBEASTLYz,"love the game . feels great,looks great. was thinking it needs more touring cars. also was wondering why the bmw e30 u dont have to use the clutch everytime u shift? not sure if thats correct. i know the ford sierra u do or it wont go into gear. maybe a fix?"
76561197971138328,Recommended,234630,17263756,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,PhilBert,Great racer!. A little buggy in places but loads of fun and very nice graphics.
,Recommended,234630,15735375,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Racer 6c,"After playing this game for a couple of hours online, I think this game is okay.  I am slightly disappointed because its not the hardcore SIM I was led to believe, and hoping, it was.  It is still a very solid game with realistic driving, great visuals, and an amazing circuit and car roster.  The visuals are amazing.  You can control the weather and time of day in multiplayer sessions.  I just finished a Formula A race at Monza that finished under the lights.  Earlier today, I ran a race at Azure Circuit(Monaco GP) in a thunderstorm.  Both of those experiences made me happy with my purchase.The online multiplayer in Formula A races leaves much to be desired.  Out of the 5 or so races I have ran online, I have been the only car to finish an 8 lap race at least 2 or 3 times.UPDATE:  After owning Project: CARS since release and writing a review, I have barely been able to play this game.  I upgraded my graphics card to a factory superclocked GTX 980 and a triple screen display.  After the upgrade, I have been plagued by problems with the game not launching correctly, being unable to adjust my graphics settings without crashing, and my new supported steering wheel not being recognized correctly.  I don't have these kinds of problems with my other racing sims, and everything just works.If it didn't have so many bugs and issues, and would just play like every other sim, this would be an amazing game.  Even with all these issues, I still keep trying to come back and play.  Sometimes I can actually run a race, and other times its just so frustrating that I give up and don't even get to drive."
,Recommended,234630,15750404,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,co199,"Perhaps the best racing game for PC. It strikes the perfect balance between accessability and learning curve, with absolutely extraordinary graphics. Plays well with an XBOne controller once you upgrade the controller firmware and tweak the settings a bit."
76561198013673401,Recommended,234630,16989147,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,trashman,"Simply put, Project CARS is a beautiful looking driving sim that does its job as well as it should.  The driving mechanics are stellar, as limited as my racing sim experience is, and although the number of cars is limited in comparison to CArs' console-exclusive competitors, each car feels different enough from the others so that driving a new one always feels like a learning experience.  Lots of depth in the driving mechanics, good variety in the events you can drive in, and looks ♥♥♥♥ingly brilliant.  The only thing that really hinders it is a lack of soundtrack (although that can easily be fixed by spending half an hour creating a playlist on spotify) and a slightly barebones career mode.  Good, if you want this sort of thing."
76561198035949370,Recommended,234630,17169818,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ThugNasty,"Beautiful game, fun go karts, physics on most racing and street cars doesn't feel right even with all the adjustments you can do. Drifting is hardly even possible in most of the cars even though you'd think a mustang would be able to slide nicely. 7/10 needs to fix many cars characteristics but the game can still be fun and rewarding"
,Recommended,234630,15749667,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ASPG | Beasly,"I've put 4 hours into Project CARS so far, and it's safe to say that this is the best racing game I've played in a long time. The graphics are beautiful, and controlling the cars with a keyboard is surprisingly not that difficult once you get used to what you're driving it's a breeze. So far for me, nothing beats screaming around race track in a 250CC go kart, they go insanely fast and they're so easy to turn, pure entertainment.If you've been thinking of getting this game, think no longer, buy it. You won't be dissapointed.PS; FOG + Rain = VERY BAD TIME TO RACE"
,Recommended,234630,17010186,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Markuz Juniuz,"Very beautiful game, best looking on for the PC. It also has very nice and believable car physics. FFB is a nightmare unless you fix it first (lots of workarounds currently). AI is a hit and miss. Sometimes they behave so believable but most of the time they don't seem to know you're there (or maybe it's intentional) and they'll spear thru you like some real life online racing wacko.If this is a GT-centric racing sim it's superb. It's missing quite a bit of marques like Ferraris, Porsches, Lamborghinis, Nissan, Mazda, Honda, etc though. What it's got is good enough nevertheless. The open-wheelers are just knock-offs of the real series but I actually find them very good too. The other racing disciplines, err, not so good. Like I think there's only 1 real LMP1 and the other is a ""fantasy car done by the community."" Same case with LMP2.Have I said that the game looks very beautiful? It looks so good and almost lifelike I have to tone down some post-processing settings so that I could see the road well because it simulates camera lenses so well. I wish they've simulated the human eyes though, hehehe. It also simulates the passage of time graphically. Unfortunately you can't do time-based races like 1-hour sprint races or 24-hour endurance ones. Maybe that'll come though.My wishes for this game:- Cold tires for AI too! On the lower series you'd do outlaps on cold tires and that's simulated and you'd really feel the difference. The AI will also show you how bad cold tires are because they're not affected and you'd be doing donuts if you try to catch them on the outlap.- More real life LMP1/LMP2 cars.- Graphic optimizations when raining."
,Recommended,234630,17091297,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ugattie1611,"Very realistic and graphical detailed game.For the ones that like arcade racing games more, skip this one!"
76561198116408564,Recommended,234630,15756577,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Manu Shrine,"Всегда вспоминал с радостью времена, когда у меня была первая плейстейшн и мы с двоюродными братьями катали в Гран Туризмо, будучи ещё совсем детьми.Я очень рад, что появилась такая игра - которая подарила мне похожие впечатления от игры. Одозначно брать!"
76561197991126765,Recommended,234630,17171766,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Wingman646,"This has got to be the absolute best racing game I've ever played. Are there flaws? Sure. Is it lacking realism in some ways? Certainly.But, the game has taken racing to an all new level that must be met by any future companies that wish to create a realistic racing sim. The standard has been set. Developers....start your engines!I absolutely love this game."
76561197970809967,Recommended,234630,15964583,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lip_Gloss,Project cars + G27 steering wheel = pure joy!
76561197960908462,Recommended,234630,17264088,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Helipilot,"Great racing simulation, for the casual racer like me. I also race on iRacing just when I want things a bit more serious as you can on expect on Project Cars a lot of F*** heads on the online system that can't race for sh*t and crash on others or cause intentional wrecks (bear in mind, that does happen in iRacing but in less proportion). The game has a few glitches when it comes to laps and positions during online races but the single player system is awesome. Physics are very close to reality (yes, I race real cars too), with an amazing force feedback on my T500RS. Highly recommended."
76561197970414909,Recommended,234630,15719899,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,agentkay,"Project Cars is the first true next gen simulative racing game and a groundbraking one at that.  It's the first racing game to present fully dynamic day/night cycle, weather, and track (grip changes based on traffic, weather), combined with advanced tire and car physics that not only rival but actually exceet of kinds like Assetto Corsa or even Iracing.  Starting from tires that react not only to track tempertures and cool/heat up based on the track tempertures but also by the tempertures of the brakes (that properly simulated by heat and wear) and rims that function as a heatsink, tires age and blister physically if abused, flatspots can lead to punctures and hitting walls or other cars hard causes the tires/suspensition to misalign. Volumetric throttle that is affected by weather/humidity and altitude is just one component of so many that are so highly detailed and simulated that once you grasps and feel the difference it makes when you drive with cars in this simulation at the limit, that it starts to immerse you to a whole nother level.The amazing graphics and sound vastly help bringing and aiding the immersion and the sense of speed is incredible.  Project Cars is very well optimized and runs exceptionally well even on older Nvidia GPU's however AMD GPU drivers still need a lot of work but that is a common problem.Another highlight of Project Cars are the incredible cars.  They are the most detailed and best build cars in any racing game to date.  The game is worth a purchase just for the cars and their amazing sounds alone and with the combination of the previously mentioned top-class physics.The racing tracks, which most are laser scanned, are build with huge attention to detail and passion and easily compete with reference racing tracks from likes of Iracing.  Even the ones that are not laser scanned have realistically placed bumps which bring your Forcefeedback to life.Forcefeedback is another area where Project Car shines and leaves it's compeditors in its digital dust.  It's highly adjustable/configureable to tailor anyones preferences and no sign of canned/faked effects but instead full of details that immerses you further to another level.  The FFB is class leading beating already great Iracing FFB.The racing AI is excellent, aggressive but respectful of your car if you respect theirs.  Give them room just like in real life, they will give you room as well.  Side by side racing is not only very possible with that approach but happens all the time.The sheer amount of content you get in form of cars and tracks make this a great buy and highly recommendation for any racing/driving game fan!  The level of immersion by graphics, sound, physics is something that can't be described by words but HAS to be experienced on your own.A mild warning, once you go to Project Cars and get fully immersed, you can't really go back to other simulators, it's that GOOD!  Over 340 hours playtime are just a small hint of that fact.Enjoy racing everyone!"
76561197968811622,Recommended,234630,15728530,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Blusher,"this is  a  fantastic  game looks  fantastic plays  fantastic  awsome   job all involved ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMf5yvv_4Ak"
,Recommended,234630,17187022,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SHERMAN_,"great game, lots of content, cars handle amazing, +1"
,Recommended,234630,20183702,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tom C'mon,"Project Cars - PC Racing SimulationI want to start off by saying i'm not a crazy racing fan, but I do enjoy racing from time to time. I use a Logitech G27 for all games racing and is a great wheel and works really well with Project Cars.Pro's:The Game has very nice UI design it's clean, modern, and really fits with the racing genre.Project cars delivers fantastic sound quality, every car sounds unique and with headphones every tone sounds amazing. The sound rivals that of Dirt Rally easily.The games visuals are extremely satisfying to look at, they look incredible especially in cockpit view.The cars drive very nice each have their own characteristics and all feel very nice to drive, especially the Formula 1 Car!Another point is the controls and wheel setup, there are many preset options and the wheel calibration was a breeze.Cons:There are a decent amount of cars in the game but for the most part they are only different variations of the same car, I would have loved more manufacturers and more unique models in the game. There is DLC but most of the car packs solely focus on the fastest cars in the game, I would have preferred more fast road cars like the Lotus Elise.The multiplayer is fairly decent, however there seems to be a lack of control with rules and flags and crashing into other cars. For the most part online play is really fun but it almost lacks a little depth.The game doesn't support mods which is a big shame as modded content always adds fresh new cars and tracks.I haven't put many hours into the game yet, but as soon as I booted it up and hopped in a car I had a lot of fun. Each aspect makes this game exciting with the physics and the feeling of speed combined with great sounding cars really make this game hard to beat in most areas. Other racing sims offer good aspects but Project Cars offers all round ability, it isn't perfect but the game is fun and I can look past the cons."
76561197960969850,Recommended,234630,20894573,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Agony,Its a nice race game.
76561197973037073,Recommended,234630,20980828,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ARXON,Best VR car simulator so far. Great on the DK2 with a G27 racing wheel.
76561197997651668,Recommended,234630,21040379,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,alexnode,"Great tracks and cars, Attention to detail. More of a simulation than a casual racing game.I think the career mode and the atmosphere in general needed a bit of a different approach. I would love to have more Buying, upgrading and selling of cars.I found a few areas that were a bit weird to drive with a cart in dubai autodrome.  IT seemes like the collision detection was a bit above the road, something that felt unrealistic.I would like to have a completely casual mode that you can reverse time, Simulation fans would hate what i say but when i learn a track i prefer to repeat the same corner until i find the sweet spot than waiting one lap to try it again ...Overall the best racing game on PC."
76561198043161293,Recommended,234630,17749277,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Z0011,Love the Music on this game
,Recommended,234630,18050803,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,tomtalk24,"Right, new review, with though, not stoned.So, this is the most raved about PC driving experience of 2015, 2012 for people who show an interest in PC motorsports. Has it stood up to expectations, has it delivered a game that gets people who have an interest in motor sports, an interest in racing, who want a challenge a good game. In a word, yes.The game for me isnt a Shift3, although it carries a lot of the past along with it. I would say it has the essence of the good things Shift2 brought to us, detailed vehicle physics (break temps, tire ware etc), a good selection of tracks and a good selections of cars. More on all that later.The game offers a very nice approach to a career mode, you do start like an F1 driver, darting around in go karts. Easy to drive, and tbh easy to master. You get the sense you are progressing, looking forward to the next tier in your racing career. The game does well in not being too over the top with your achievements, you win a race, thats it. You win a series, that something to celebrate.Your free to play alone, or test cars and tracks. Your free to setup a vs AI race. What I really like is having as long a race as you want, with real time passing, real weather if you wish. The immersiveness having something like that is brilliant. New to me.Online is intresting... Its good, you join a server and 9 times out of 10 it will be great. People will respect one another, a small bump isn't a big deal, you wont have them come back at you at 100 mph. It's not that petty. You may spin off and cause a crash, again its fine but you will need to quickly apologies just out of respect. This general manner of playing online is fairly universal. You feel at one with like minded racers. All just out to have fun. The fastest you mind or just drive more to a racing line, they can get passed. The slowest or spinners wait for you to pass, maybe flash a headlamp to let you know.Online is intresting... Its (rarely) bad, you will on occasion have someone join who tends to ♥♥♥♥ about. Sometimes its mild, sometimes its game breaking. Recently ive had a SMS known villain joining in quite busy practice laps only to park somewhere everyone will hit them. A fault of the game is to vote them to be kicked, you need return to the pit, essentially quit to the garage, open the lobby and vote. When you rejoin your tires are cold so your lap is messy and you feel like your getting in peoples way sliding around. The person never gets enough votes to kick, people get angry and leave, the fantastic hour you have had with people comes to an end. Mild people problems is like any game, someone who uses you to stop oversteer or as breaks. The need for speed players maybe?Is all this a recipy for the good?Yes, if a game like this can make your pulse pound, can make you feel so involved. I would say its done a good job. This is what im looking for in a racing game. I want goosebumps, I want adrenaline. I want to feel annoyed I didnt do good enough and to feel exhilarated when I do something well. Yes you can drive laser scanned everything and handling like the real deal but at the end of the day its a computer program, someone's interpretation of the real thing. The way it makes you feel and how close it can to a real driver is what matters.Recomended? Yeah.(I mean if you like the genre you likely have a few racing games, always have and always will. No point keeping clear of it.)OLD REVIEW, 2 of 6 (33%) rubbish...Watch as this gets downrated...Bad bits:Sound, the engines have awful turbo whine. The same whine you got with Shift 2. Its unrealistic and spoils the true sound of the car your driving.Edit: (I should stress, as much as players love to tell you ""this is how the car sounds"" as if they own one. But its only SMS games that have it. Listen after 2nd gear, from then to top gear its a growing whine. Its on cars that dont have turbo charges ffs!)EDIT: Some races you join will have 3 or 4 people parking across the finish line to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off. And because half of the racers are in the pit AFK you cant kick them.Good bits:Everything else, the visuals. The cars. The tracks. The pitstops.The career mode. Online is good too, people driving not just smashing into one another.[Strike/]"
,Not Recommended,234630,20048143,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,tom,"I bought Project Cars after having recently purchased Dirt Rally, unfortunately after playing Dirt - of which the car handling is very realistic - playing project cars is somewhat of a dissapointment. The car handling and sounds are nowhere near realistic, ok as a playstation arcade game sort of thing but nothing like what you would exprience in a real car.If the sounds were good at least I could forgive the basic physics for an easy to pick up type game, but the sounds are just plain rubbish - nothing exciting or powerful.I woulld only purchase this as an arcade type game, definately not as a simulator which has left me dissapointed with my purchase.Play Diry Rally, then this. I'm sorry but i can't recommend buying this."
,Not Recommended,234630,20586011,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SizZLeR,"Im playing it on Xbox one and that's why it doesn't show that much time logged here.I just got the G920 with stick shifter yesterday, then I bought for approx. $100 worth of PCars with some addons  as ive read that it has some very realistic elements in it.In my view it does have some nice driving physics, but unfortunately it falls very short in other ways.First off, the selection of cars aren't really too impressive and most of them (all but one or two) are overbuffed up racing versions with insane amounts of power.There're no common road cars in stock trim and that's a shame as I love race with that stock GTI hot hatch.There are more or less +/- all the usual tracks (those that are in every racing game) so that's what one would expect.PCars beat Forza 6 on one front only and that's the driving experience, its not that much different, but some parts just feel more refined.PCars is really overpriced, because getting the top version and all the addons is roughly the same cost as the top version of Forza 6 and besides some slightly more refined driving physics, PCars is a total disappointment compared to Forza 6.Do I regret that I bought it?Somewhat yes, because I have to admit, that if I had been able to try the game before I bought it, I wouldn't have bought it.....well maybe if the price had been at least somewhat reasonable, like $20 or so."
76561198100013868,Recommended,234630,20980112,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,snow86sniper,Good game
,Recommended,234630,21014008,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nightmare,3 hours of gameplay and its perfect. The handleing isnt great but its ok. The best thing about this game to other raceing games is that you can change the weather when the race starts and chose your own grid place. I can say this could be better but its good right now.7/10Good gameEDIT: Can someone tell me why this happens?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=621386356
76561198031064897,Not Recommended,234630,21893491,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,8=========D~~~,"This game was clearly designed for pressure sensitive buttons, if you don't have them then it gets frustrating rather quickly since you'll either be throttling to the max, or not at all, same with braking"
76561198081612192,Not Recommended,234630,28648209,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mcpuffin,"- spin out simulator. most worst physics for having fun, cause you spin out and have no traction (the car moves even when its stopped just from turning the front wheels left or right). Since you spin out just from driving for no reason, if you hit other ppl or slightly tap them you will spin out like crazy, its like driving on ice but WORSE.Meanwhile the cpu drivers go through dirt without reduced speed and while not losing any traction at all.+ graphics make me realize i need a better than 1080p display to fully appreciate them"
,Recommended,234630,29470140,Posted: 24 January,all,O Mawnos Manos,"pros: lotsa themcons: sound bugs, lack of japanese cars"
76561198123957774,Not Recommended,234630,20673060,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,adjeepnavy,Terrible with DK2 and AMD setup
76561198070967169,Recommended,234630,21028569,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lac61087,"I actually played this game on Xbox One a year ago, and enjoyed it, but that version was plagued by performance problems and bad AI(project cars was a buggy mess when it first released) and now i have purchased the PC version since it was on sale(praise lord gaben) and while the AI is still nuts the game just feels a lot better on PC, project cars on console felt like a great racing game stuck behind prison bars, the game couldn't show it's true colors due to limited hardware of the consoles.Project Cars even with it's many flaws is still the most casual friendly racing sim on the market, it caters to both audiences, the casual that just wants to race and the pro that wants to tweak everything to his or her liking, the racing is solid also and can make for some intense racing battles and add the fact that the game is absolutely stunning to look at you really can't go wrong with projecr cars, especially while it's on sale :).9/10, better than the console version."
,Recommended,234630,21511207,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tim0n4t0r*Dlngr,nice
76561198073315345,Recommended,234630,17173505,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,I'll Sell You Weed,Amazing realism and takes quite some skill to master ut extremley fun and rewarding also  there are many cars in the vanilla game with no dlcs takes a while to play them all. Great game
76561198324195073,Recommended,234630,25281147,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,crmoran3rd,"one of the best driving games i have ever played,,i have to keep adjusting the steering every time i change cars , but that could be my computer having windows 8 and ten ,  Best graphics ever, cars handel awesome , one you have the settings down for THAT car ,, sceanery is beyond belief ,  If your way behind in a race , dont give up , because they also spinout or wreck into someone besides you ,  Beleve me . ive played them all,  your gonna want this one !"
,Not Recommended,234630,18172792,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,spiny[B] -dsb-,It looks awesome at it was fun for the time i played but unfortunately i had crashes after every single race. I started a research on it and tried to figure out whats the problem. But i couldn't fix it and cannot recommend this game from this point of view. Thanks to steam i could claim this game.
,Not Recommended,234630,24115346,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jack_7290R,it dosent run well on my PC and the PC isnt even that rubbish
76561197999689673,Recommended,234630,17881906,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BeLikeChappy,best racing simulation game love it with my wheel.
,Recommended,234630,20105533,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nevel Papperman,Realistic Trees :D
,Recommended,234630,20231351,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GonzoPR,If you're looking for a first person shooter - this probably isn't it.
,Recommended,234630,21037179,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[ASR - F1SR] SimonTek,"HelloI was curious about this product since its debut but i had the possibility to buy it just now.it's quite nice and immersive as well. I like the UI and the feature design, The career mode is the best feature of the game and the driver profile is rich of useful stats and details.Multiplayer is well organized.Graphics is yet another good point for this title, because it runs smoothly even on an old computer without fps drop and it is very nice.Physics and gameplay are the departments which the game needs more care, in my opinion. at the moment the game is a bit arcade but i think devs are on the right racing line, allow me to say so, for future updates.What i'd like to see?i wonder if devs are considering to open this platform to modsit should be nice to customize own helmet design with a specific select option into driver profile page which also could be used during online races.Conclusion: the current release doesn't look like a sim actually, but it is yet still a very good and worthy product, you will buy and will like it, always whishing to enjoy an evolution to simlator in the near futurebest regards"
,Not Recommended,234630,22523017,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Morty C-137,This game has been released for almost a year and there somehow seems to be more bugs than there were on release date; and there were a LOT of bugs on release date.
76561198271590505,Not Recommended,234630,25206501,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pikadourei666,"I give this game 0/10 just because of Ian Bell. Oh, and game is boring as ♥♥♥♥ (and buggy as well), there are much better car simulations out there."
76561197962773466,Recommended,234630,15748813,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Nomac55,If they just make the online a bit more streamlined then this really is one of the best pc racing games.. gfx are amazing handles like other sims but better in some ways worse in others.  I like it wish there was more servers in my area though.
,Recommended,234630,16235327,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,EmazeR,Just bough it cuz it looks cool PD: My PC dies when i run diz
76561198040950614,Recommended,234630,17209932,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Springy08,"I will start off with the positives.I really do like this game,  but was frustrating at first. It does take a bit of getting used to.- Their is so many motorsport options to take part in this game, always keeps it interesting, from karting, to single seaters to race cars to nascars ect.- I think the race formats are really good, it's awesome to have a game that do both rolling start races and grid start races.- The AI in this game are also more intelligent, I used to hate it in the likes of F1 for example where even if you were really slow, keeping to the line and making no mistakes the AI don't seem to know how to overtake, or if they did it was pretty poor? In this game you'll find them diving on the inside and can tussle you off corners which is pretty cool.- Also a large variety of tracks and cars, I found myself learning a new track almost everytime I raced.- Haven't explored multiplayer properly yet, but a quick look you can make pretty custom races, choosing grid sizes, driving restrictions, AI options, what cars or motorsports and what track, and race formats ect- Mechanical failures seem pretty good too, only experienced my engine blowing up so far when changing down gears too quick, but many other cool things to and car damage can also be toggled.Negatives- Car handling can be pretty strange at times, like I said this game will take some getting used to... as a comparison; on Gran Turismo the cars used to stick and you could really bite into the corners, whereas this game you really have to be really smooth and on your tiptoes as their is a lot slidiness, twitching, odd car feedback, and have to be very wary of some kerbs as only some you cant mount without spinning round?- Contact, contact with ai is horrible in this game...I mainly noticed it in karting, where you litterally would get glued to the AI and both make way for the tire barrier, so it was impossible for some wheel to wheel racing, however moving onto cars it was better, but I still would say you'd be lucky to get any wheel to wheel action in this game...- Bugs, lots of them and horrible ones too. After installing this game I had to spend the first few hours working on a fix to get the game to be able to save...then finding that later progress in the game will be wiped thanks to another bug, hopefully the developers will fix them soon as people have been saying over and over since the game was launched...Overall, a good rounded game and anyone that is into motorsports would most likely enjoy this game after getting to grips with the physics and mechanics. But like I said, their are bugs, have't encountered any in game to be honest, just the whole saved game corruption stuff, not good, but hopefully it will be fixed soon!"
76561197979516225,Recommended,234630,17449522,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bcflood,This game isn't an easy racer like NFS.  I like how it takes effort to learn each track and your efforts are rewarded with a satisfying game.
,Recommended,234630,18086307,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,N ✉,Great game.- Graphic 10/10- Gameplay 8/10- AI 7.5/10- Drive Physics 8/10- Crash Physics 6/10 (May be better with update)Just need more cars/circuit and pit crew :)
,Recommended,234630,21083633,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr. Memeseeks,I recomend playing with a controller and in manual best racing experience i have ever had
,Recommended,234630,19384969,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dannyhefc69,Definitely the best racing game to date
,Recommended,234630,21069756,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SalaciousBCrumb,"First I got Assetto Corsa, played it a few times, then it started having lots of problems to the point where I couldnt even get past the load up screen, so I had my money refunded and I decided to get Project CARS, I have to say I much prefer project CAR to Assetto Corsa. Plus you've got a big name (BANDAI) behind it. Better support, better programming, etc. I had no issues at all with Project CARS. I really enjoy playing this game. They did a great job with the graphics, the physics, and works great with my Logitech G27. If you are deciding between the two games I would recommend Project CARS. The only cons i've encountered were some unusual control outputs during some turns and that you couldnt modify/upgrade the cars oh and also the DLC could be cheaper than it is."
76561198039964875,Not Recommended,234630,24889459,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TovaRICH,"Let's get one thing straight: the gameplay itself is perfect for a racing simulator. There are loads of tracks to choose from, and many cars. Customization options with regards to time, weather, lap amount, difficulty are top notch.The reason I do not recommend this game is the amount of effort it takes to get it to work:- On my first PC the game would not start up at all, simple error message and back to desktop. After two days of trying out different drivers, the game finally launched. ANY GPU drivers newer than 09/2015 would NOT work, so my other games had to suffer in performance.- My newer PC has the same problem, but this time there are no more legacy drivers that the game will boot with, leaving me unable to play the game.YMMV, on a friend's PC the game runs just fine, without any issues.Just be warned that the game may not run for you at all, or you'll have to spend a few days trying to fix the issues."
76561198167117929,Not Recommended,234630,28801293,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,{MJS-VTC} America's FFA,Cars are hard to control even with a wheel my game crashed multiple times (I know my computer sucks soewhat) even with a wheel the cars are super hard to control. I'm getting my money back screw this s**t.
,Recommended,234630,21061313,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,St. Anger,♥♥♥♥♥s hard dude. But its good.
,Recommended,234630,21065474,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,xMRx,"Here's my request for this game.... as I am working on a DIY sim cockpit, it would be ideal to be able to have a individual keystroke for each camera view rather than having to cycle through all the views to get to the one you want.   I want to instantly switch directly to my view of choice.  I will be having a button based control panel that I can map specific buttons to the camera views.  This seems like it would be easy to implement in an update or to include in Project CARS2.Cheers"
76561198195710543,Not Recommended,234630,22351280,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,perezcarbot,It crashes all the time. I tried to returned but Steam don´t let me.
,Recommended,234630,22039545,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake,"I thought there'd be customization but noooo its just driving cars not actually owning them, what a strange concept that is, huhalso, if you dont have access to a wheel, anything more than the easiest mode is real painful.Besides that its pretty decent."
76561198063810145,Not Recommended,234630,34149840,Posted: 10 August,all,steveholderby,"It's a very pretty game...also not what I like, but that's ok. I was instantly bored with it. My expectation was something more like GT or Forza. Again, I'm not knocking the game per se, but it's just not my type of racing game.*If you're looking at my time played, I also own it on Xbox."
76561198378331843,Recommended,234630,34077577,Posted: 7 August,all,AirCoolGaming,its nice but... the physics are terible and you can't tune cars like forza horizon 3 btw i recomend it if u like circuit racing and stuff
,Recommended,234630,19392982,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BasilhsGR,Jack Spade - FFB Tweaker Files made me love more and more this game :-)
,Recommended,234630,17352462,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MattTheCzar,"Pros-Great graphics-Decent amount of cars to race-OK amount of tracks-Career mode is fun-You can race kartsCons-AI is terrible. They will sometimes brake on straightaways and will run right into you in the corners if you are on the inside line-Sound isn't that great. It's fine if you listen to it on low volume, but the higher up you turn the volume, the lower quality it becomesSummaryProject Cars if a decent game with great graphics. However, if you want the most realistic AI, look elsewhere"
76561198140398898,Recommended,234630,17374528,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,snowmobilethurin,"this is the best game ever to buy. i thought it was over priced but no, the best racing game it has great graphics beter then it seems on youtube if you look it up. it has most of the best cars ever made. the only thing that i would add is like off road maps ice,mud,dirt etc. and for thoes maps add trucks insted of sports cars like f150 raptor. range rover sport hse,supercharged autobiagraphey. gmc denali , dodge 2500 gasolin or disel version or both. over all this is the best racing game to buy. it is money well spent. i would suggest buying a racing wheel with it i have one and it goes great with the game"
76561198148300069,Recommended,234630,17385252,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,guppster12,Awesome Graphics! It's also fun to practice in my opinion.
,Recommended,234630,17405026,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,HereThen,The best single player game out there (with a steering wheel).I really enjoy this game on a single player career mode. I started in the Clio cup and it is so much fun racing close to the very good AI. Graphics are also top notch. I only miss Assen and Zandvoort :(
,Recommended,234630,20492339,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Clordstar,This is the best raceing game ever the only thing missing is the subaru'sand a good setting for the pad but if you have a good wheel this game rules
76561197972662194,Recommended,234630,20526278,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ridiculouslyblue,Buy dis...
76561198230805504,Recommended,234630,34238331,Posted: 14 August,all,Astronaut,very good game
,Recommended,234630,22818624,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,pleekly,"All around a great game, although not (!) a hardcore racing simulation.Graphics: 10/10Physics: 8.5/10Variety of cars: 7/10AI: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,234630,23795143,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ControllerB,"The biggest recommendation I can offer is DO NOT IGNORE THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS GAME. It is incredibly resource reliant, and my laptop isn't quite up to the task."
,Recommended,234630,23813061,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Maserati Gamer,"Realistic, being a car fan like me I love this gamePROSThe handling is realisticAmazing graphicsEach car feels specialTracks are greatThe climate effects are greatOnline play is funCONSThe career mode is rather lacklusterNot enough carsThe achievements are hard to getI really only play this game for quick short solo races when I have downtime 8/10"
76561198103752576,Recommended,234630,23826638,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,driscollmorgan,This game is the best racing game I have played and you will get loads of hours out of it if you like cars for sure.
76561198008585597,Recommended,234630,23924446,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bageltoy,"Runs great, plays great, one of the best racing games I've played."
,Recommended,234630,23896560,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jettinjas,"The graphics are amazing!  I figured I would only enjoy the more advanced racing types, but I've had SO much fun with the entry level go-karts that I haven't had a desire to race anything else!"
,Recommended,234630,31266520,Posted: 20 April,all,TwaddleTwot,this game hurt my arms because of the force feedbackmy doctor called me a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ and told me to stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥in an exhausti did it and it got wet and i ejaculatedbut then it went black and kind of fell off:(good game buy it xox
,Recommended,234630,29995096,Posted: 17 February,all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,Three words...... Best Game Ever
,Recommended,234630,32880848,Posted: 27 June,all,P*ter,"Fun but its hard to play with a keyboard and the AI are Wayyy over aggressive, car customization is limited, and the amount of each car in each catagory is limitedcar crash physics suck too"
,Not Recommended,234630,35425715,Posted: 2 October,all,Drexel,I was excited to play the hell out of this game. I felt this way until i spent 5 seconds trying to drive a car. 2.4 out of the 2.5 hours i have playing this game was me messing with controls trying to stay hopeful.#prettygay
76561198183306810,Recommended,234630,15719861,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,GlobalHaloPro4U,"Great game, nothing more u can say and twizzle around it."
76561198025182117,Recommended,234630,15721242,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,JokerRAMPAGE,best racing games
76561197991805657,Recommended,234630,15740921,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Atmosphere,"Best racing sim on PC. There are a few problems that need to be worked out, but over all this game is awesome."
,Recommended,234630,15744985,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rubicon III,"The first racing game that has felt so right, so accurate, so true to life, that I prefer to play in first-person.  Just buy it; it's that good.  (Played on an Xbox 360 Gamepad.)"
76561198069147438,Recommended,234630,15793625,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,BERKSHiREBoB,"Dont let people that buy cheap graphics cards turn you off from this game. Team Green works no matter what. Team Red only works when the game is designed around their hardware. The game is awesome, the physics are awesome. The AI is stupid but when is it not. The meat of this game is meant to be played online with REAL people not AI. Buy it, enjoy it, and draw your own conclusion."
,Recommended,234630,15719881,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,gamerpaddy,"good graphics, handling and all that. great vr and wheel support.many cars and tracksbutNO MODDING CAPABILITIES!! DLC's everywhere"
,Recommended,234630,15730394,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,farthog,Einfach nur ... geil 8)
76561197973627404,Recommended,234630,15741102,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,nine_volt_neville,"This game is rediculous! Love it!Took a little to calibrate wheel, but once set up it's worth the wait."
,Recommended,234630,15741235,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,CommanderCartmen,"Hands down the best PC racing sim out there,"
,Recommended,234630,15790901,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,rocĸeтмαɴ,"This game is incredibly fun and addictive, can't think of anything negative about it, some audio bugs with a couple of the cars and handling can be very tricky and frustrating if you never played a proper driving sim.. Protip: If you're using a joystick, be very careful with the throttle, especially when accelerating from first gear, (you're gonna lose control A LOT!).Note: You will find yourself cursing for many hours at the game wondering why almost every car in this game handle's like rubbish but this is because you have to setup each car yourself, for instance, to counter understeer, you'll have to lower your tire pressure, adjust brakes and so on. (Don't blame the game!)Graphics: 8/10Audio: 9/10Available content: 7/10 (including the cars)Multiplayer: 7/10Default controller settings: 2/10Overall score: 8.25/10This game is amazing, it's obvious that a lot of attention to detail was put into this game and that fact that this game is coming to Linux soon brings it up by one full point. (Linux doesn't even have any good racing sims so ya)."
76561198009015395,Recommended,234630,15719990,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tormentorphobia,this is just... in one word... awesome!!!
,Recommended,234630,16630518,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Laamapalmu,"Nice racing game, especially good if you want graphics along handling. The graphics are good, enough cars (More civilian and old ones would be nice) sounds are good, and pretty realistic handling, tracks are good but some city tracks would be nice too.Huge minus for this game is that, they just released it, I'm Team member and now they are already making pCars 2 and crowfunding it, minimum badge is £50 which is way too much anyway, but it's good that they are releasing rally, driving on flat surface is boring anyway, even with Formula A on storm at nordschleife.Even when they ""abandoned"" the game, I'll give a ""YES"" for this but though choice."
,Recommended,234630,15729991,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RainMaerx,Congradulations Project CARS. You've created a nearly perfect slim.>Gets Z4 GT3>Dies at sound>Running at maximum settings on a GTX 960>Still diesI admit it. Games are officially prettier than real life.9.2/10Edit 1: Maxxes out 2GB frame buffer on my GTX 960.
,Recommended,234630,15731765,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chris Elliott,Anyone who does not like this game is obviously one of these leather loving biker type peoples.....nothing wrong with bikes......just cars are better. Good job SMS. Superb title in every aspect
76561198221094504,Recommended,234630,15730018,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jayshu,Effin siiiik!!!!!
,Recommended,234630,15732385,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Junglehawk,"If you like racing games, buy this now. It is not a hardcore sim like iRacing or rfactor, but it is still very good. This game is all about driving. No grinding for credits, no RNG prize cars, just pick a championship, win, and move up. The car list could be improved, but it can be fixed with DLC. I would like to see GTE and more GT3 cars. Track list is good, but I would like to see COTA added at some point. Overall, this is a great racing sim with a huge amount of championships to race in, but could add in some more cars and tracks."
76561197961738208,Recommended,234630,15720714,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,BegBrasil,"Simplesmente fodástico.... Granturismo pra PC agora tem nome, chama-se project Cars."
,Recommended,234630,15722188,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Doc,"If project cars was a woman... I'd be so sweet to her. I'd handle every dinner check with a smile, I'd open every door for her so that she may pass me. If that door refused to open, I'd kill it. I'd never take my eyes off her EVER. I would cook her dinner every night and rub her feet until she drooled. I would literally eat her♥♥♥♥♥♥and drink her yurin until I died of diesease. If project cars was a woman...and she...didnt want me in return... I'd kill myself. Simply put. I had been in the game for all about 4 minutes until I needed to change my slacks. Oh Lawd Jesus... This is the one <3"
,Recommended,234630,15763476,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dvd92,"Best racing game in a while! Maybe not a huge number of cars atm, but there will be more in time. Cars feel good to drive. Amazing graphics! Awesome weather effects! Impressive attention to detail.Huge number of options to customize your experience. The game is fun! Worth the money!NB! AMD graphics card users: There is an issue with the performance in this game, but the developers and AMD are working on improving the performance! (By patch or AMD driver update)"
,Recommended,234630,16002534,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Wudidudi,its good
76561198035236237,Recommended,234630,15904845,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[-eh-]Epp14,"System Specs: Windows 8.0, 8GB RAM, i5 3570K, GTX 970, PS4 Controller via Input MappperA lot of people are having issues with AMD GPU's and I read that there should be some new drivers coming out soon. Also the switch to Windows 10 may help improve performance for AMD users (something to do with updated Direct X)http://wccftech.com/slightly-mad-studios-issues-official-statement-project-cars-amd-graphics-cards/On to the the review!PhysicsI really like this game. The game to me handles similarly to NFS Shift 2 but with a little more realism. You need to control you throttle and braking more carefully so you don't lose traction. I find that so far this game has been playable with a controller but I have mostly only been using karts and slower road cars. Once getting into the faster cars and heavy rain  a racing wheel might make it easier to do quick oversteering corrections that I'm starting to have trouble with now. I find that putting the tire wear to REAL makes it much easier to race because the tires heat up quicker.CareerThe career is about your journey as a race car driver; you do not win money and you do not customize your car. It is very similar to Be A Pro mode in NHL. The path that I chose involves starting in 125cc Karts and getting to F1 in less than 10 seasons. By doing well in races race teams in higher divisions will offer you contracts to progress to the top. Race events will have a practice, qualifying and race day stage which gives you time to tune your car for the track and learn the braking zones and dial in a good racing line for the car that you are driving that day. This adds so much to the experience because its not just a 4 min race and your back to menus. You actually want to do good in qualifying so you don't start at the back of the pack (like Asseto Corsa)OnlineI have done a couple online races. The connection was pretty good and you can have AI and real players playing at the same time. If the host turns on qualifying you can race around the track while waiting for other players to show up.General DislikesThe player stat page shows all events vs wins. Sometimes I just want to goon around with my friends in private lobbies and it will still rank all the races. I guess this is to stop people who constantly restart races just so they always finish in first but sometimes I want to let other people try the game and not have to worry about them messing around with all my stats."
,Recommended,234630,20232399,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bobjoe15,Great realistic driving sim. Worth the $20 during the steam sale.
76561197997575290,Recommended,234630,20306803,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,cmmd,The best racing simulator I've played for a while
76561197994036920,Not Recommended,234630,22444764,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jamploy,"Disapointed, I played a demo of this and loved it but this game is just too hard. Cars handle weird, slip out on corners, hard to get the power down without a big spill. If you have the patience go for it but this is one game Im deleting local content for something else more fun."
76561198164823898,Recommended,234630,17668413,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fork,"It needs to be optimized more for AMD cards, otherwise #10"
76561198050153128,Recommended,234630,20217471,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mushi_mush,Most of the moaning crowd are on xbox controllers. If you have a wheel then this for 15 quid is well worth a purchase!!
76561198261317993,Not Recommended,234630,25013899,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,benignohr,"The game looks great, good potential, but that's it. Unfortunatelly the driving is quite frustrating as there is a stupid steering dead zone that makes impossible any fine driving."
76561198038591709,Not Recommended,234630,25969778,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,PullerFee,The game has good potential. Game sim is very good but it bores me after a while the campain is just a boring race after another nothing challenging. Gran Turismo was good because you had do more than raceing and here it is everything the same i think.
,Recommended,234630,28231663,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MikeSelf_99,"Absolutely amazing! Many choices, cars, setups, tracks, ... And the physics is one of the best I've ever drove."
76561198132624623,Recommended,234630,28262889,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,cris,"Awesome game, more F1 cars hopefully, I just wish you can skip practice without getting a penalty"
,Recommended,234630,29260836,Posted: 14 January,all,Bucinator69,"I din't have much time to enjoy this game but my feelings are a bit mixed. I will come back for a more thorough review of this game after I've played it enough.Untill now here are my remarks:+ Very nice physics and very good graphics. What I was most impressed of was while playing with ariel atom, after losing the front wing in a crash, the car has a tendency of taking off every time you go over a bump at high speeds.+ Very good steering wheels integration. You can realy feel all of the bumps and lost of traction.~ nice tracks, but not enough....- way too few cars, even with all the DLC's and too many car categories. There are some categories that have only one car...This coud've been an awesome, if not perfect game, but the developers skimmed at the content category. At the time of writing this review (Jan 2017), the 71% positive reviews fits my feelings about it. I recommend it if can get it at a Steam sale."
76561198071495301,Recommended,234630,29726801,Posted: 5 February,all,farmtrucker81,top game i you want to race
,Not Recommended,234630,31349188,Posted: 24 April,all,GreiBush,"The steering is extremely touchy on a gamepad, the progression of the game seems to be made only for people who already know the style of game from previous iterations of similar titles, and the colored arrows on the track are a stupid way to make people race.Some people might like this kind of racing game, but some people don't know what fun is.  This is not fun.Don't even bother posting something hateful (and often without any proper grammar).  It will be deleted immediately.  I'm here to give my opinion, not listen to you say stupid things about it."
76561198060473947,Recommended,234630,19543871,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Steven,Not bad but you should auto confrigured custom controller.
,Recommended,234630,24119280,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lilo Tihena,i only bought this for the graphics lol
76561197971484238,Recommended,234630,29791331,Posted: 8 February,all,GrimmVegas,what can i say  as i am from uk and thay got cadwell park track one of my fav tracks to ride around best ever  cannot get off it   VR   brill
,Recommended,234630,19220318,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ChoGGi,"I much prefer arcade-type racing games, but I've had fun playing this one."
76561197986314945,Recommended,234630,19452935,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,XxxxxVick1979,♥♥♥♥in lovin it!!!!
,Recommended,234630,20212631,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SAMPI,On sale at $28 this is worth every cent!
,Not Recommended,234630,21805097,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Airtrooper719,"Do not buy this game unless you are hooking a wheel up, and even with a wheel, the controls are twitchy and unrealistic. I have a love/hate relationship, the game itself looks amazing, but the CORE gameplay, the controls and AI absolutely 100% needs revamping from the ground up. The AI will ram you off the track regardless, they will not go around you, just try to go straight through you, they brake early which often means they exit quick, if your like me and your a late braker, but slower exits, enjoy the carnage that follows your rear end."
,Recommended,234630,25315312,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ｂｅｐｉｓ ｄｏｇｇ,Not as good as garfiled cart 0/10
76561198059249660,Recommended,234630,17577545,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,GeneralRambo,Great Game! Can fill nearly every Major Motosports fans fantasies. Its got a few bugs & glitch's here & there but nothing that ruins the gameplay. Id Recommend this to anyone that heavily follows Motorsports.
76561198263308824,Recommended,234630,20143742,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,chillip1p,Thoroughly enjoy this game.  As long as you remember this is a game and not a training simulation - this can be a lot of fun !
76561198122273941,Recommended,234630,20212370,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Make me ♦Rekt♦,"I like this game it's amazing, a fantastic racing simulator. I would recommend it."
,Recommended,234630,20268059,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Immunehydra,"Good game If you love driving with a realistic feeling.It is my favourite racing game mainly for the online multiplayer.A must have if u use a wheel ,I use my xbox 360 wheel the drive fx.Dont worry about bad reviews ..this is a solid game."
76561198059842128,Recommended,234630,23608164,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,mekal_420,"I have a gtx 980, this game ran better on my dk2 with a 780 then my vive with a 980???? Why is this? I know software plays a big part cause after oculus 1.3 the dk2 ran like a new machine! I was able to max out settings that i could not with older run times. I had a oculus store copy with the dk2 and it ran amazing... I could ultra a few settings raced cars at night in the rain. I was very impressed. Now with the vive and a new gtx 980 plus a copy off steam. It runs so bad, I have everything set as low as it can everthing off and still have problems keeping 90 fps ... Any fix or patch for this????  People have said the 1080 !! I say no !!!!! this ran great with oculus 1.3 dk2.. I love my vive and could not go back to the dk2 now.. any advice would be great... Thanks"
76561198113101507,Recommended,234630,25746918,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,NUKE,"This game has its pros and cons, but is overall a really good simluator/game.The Graphics are stunning; the Cars are incredibly detailed, weather effects are gorgeus and the racetracks look amazingly realistic. There are a ton of options to personalize the experience to your preferences, covering beginners to professional player settings. The HUD and Menus are really well done, the colour sceme is a nice touch. The Career is interesting and engaging, the missing cutscenes (like cheering your victory on a podium etc.) are replaced with a ""twitter"" system, where computergenerated users will tweet hashtags and messages about you current standing and driving style.On the other side however, the driving style and behaviour of the cars are something you´ll have to get used to. You should really start the game with low-tier cars like karts to get a feeling for the handling before grabbing the wheel of a real car. I would definetly recommend a Controller or a driving wheel to play this game, since its hard to control the car correctly on a keyboard.Overall, i can definetly recommend this game for someone whos looking for a realistic, up-to-date racing simulator. You need, however, the patience to master each car seperatly since they have their very own unique driving style."
,Not Recommended,234630,31562343,Posted: 5 May,all,ArmitageShanks,"Was hoping for an awesome VR driving experience. Unless you enjoy PS1 grade graphics and framerates, this isn't it."
,Recommended,234630,20251205,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Haggis,"Great game with incredible graphics, although having no experience with racing simulators this game is extremly indepth but still very understandable."
76561198132875397,Not Recommended,234630,24336262,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,francislagrange,"I'm sure this game is nice with a steering wheel or in VR, but it need standard configuration for keyboard and mouse. It's bad to be bound to change all controls to play(ex:change driving controls from arrows to wasd) and the sensiblity of all the elements of the cars are annoying to adjust because you cant ajust them from ''a pause menu'' like most of racing games, and they should be already setted in a wise way. And you can't turn the camera around the car with your mouse.I'm not hating this game, but it need a severals updates about configuration, the rest is all good although.In all, if you dont have a steering wheel or VR, and you play on keyboard and mouse, dont buy this game, you will be disapointed. If you want to buy this game be sure to have VR or a steering wheel."
,Recommended,234630,24685900,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ganfi,"Definitely in the top 3 driving games I've ever played. Codemasters' F1 series can go and cry in the corner with their outdated graphics and handling. This game provides everything I need for a racing simulator, although I would be happy to have more shorter online races."
76561198017610028,Recommended,234630,17635259,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Apache,"This game is an excellent racing sim, but is't full of German cars, we want more Japanese cars, we want Castrol Supra, Nissan Skyline and Nissan GT-R, we want Honda HSV-010 GT, Acura NSX, Acura LMP2, Lexus LFA, etc. Then we want the Italian job, Ferrari, Lamborghini, Maserati. We want the real s--t, the game is amazing, I hope you will add more cars and circuits in the future, maybe with monthly releases. I want more, gimme more, gimme gimme more... For now I would say 8 out 10, thank you Slightly Mad Studios!"
,Not Recommended,234630,30370541,Posted: 7 March,all,Infern0,The AI Physics are horrible and the controls are terrible!
,Recommended,234630,19628735,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[PYRO] syn,Reviewing Project CARS
76561198031777870,Recommended,234630,19920420,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Terry,The best freaking car game I have ever seen In my life.
,Recommended,234630,20148990,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Number XIII,"So Far so good, its almost in uncanny valley in the rain.+ Amazing Visuals+ Decent Simulation+ Vr SupportPeople have told me in the past that this game runs like crap on Amd GPU's butso far ive had Zero issues or lag/stutters."
,Recommended,234630,26725254,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,snowman3354,You can drive cars.
,Recommended,234630,29720031,Posted: 5 February,all,Ninja Frozr,"This is by far the best racing simulator on PC.PROS:Project CARS has great graphics and one of the most realistic driving physics ever. There is a carreer mode and its very simplistic but if you dont mind playing against AI than its gonna make you busy for at least 100 hours if you want to compete in all Vehicle Classes. Also there are a lot of customizable settings in this game and they are very in-depth especially the contoller settings. There are 3 presets to chose from and every button can be remapped. You can also customize Throttle, Braking and Steering Dead-Zones to your liking.CONS:The car selection in this game is very limited. There are a lot of cars to choose from but most of them have the same specs and looks anyways. And the multiplayer is pretty much dead by now. If you're buying this for Multiplayer only dont but it.EDIT: the game is super cpu hungry so you're gonna have problems if you dont have a Quad Core proccessor( i3 works too because of Hyper-Threading.)"
76561198359487484,Not Recommended,234630,29885863,Posted: 12 February,all,uafitterpaul,I NO LONGER have control of my car worked in VR first time ever sense have dead car no control at all with my steam controler what can i do?
,Not Recommended,234630,32344580,Posted: 11 June,all,deeplogic,"I liked everything I saw of this game but didn't want to pay $30 for it. I put it on my wishlist and scooped it up when it went on sale. I eagerly downloaded it and started playing only to find the experience bland.The graphics, while outstanding when viewed from screenshots, seemed to fall flat in ways that ruined the immersion. For instance, when slamming into a barrier at full-speed, a car-sized mark is drawn on the barrier instantaneously. So, even if damage is somewhat realistic for your car, the world around you, what you're actually looking at, doesn't experience the same.I also had some complaints about the control, although those were lessened by configuration. When I first started playing, a tap of the keyboard would send my car spinning. It was nearly impossible to play with it, so instead of trying to adjust sensitivity somewhere in-game, I just switched to my Steam Controller. I had the same problem with it so I lowered the sensitivity of the stick and, voila, was at least able to play. If you plan on playing this with the keyboard, be aware that it's out-of-the-box configuration doesn't lend itself to that type of gameplay, if at all (I never did look for an in-game sensitivity setting). I did try it out on all three difficulty modes, but even playing on the lowest level did nothing for the awkward control mechanics (and before someone shouts, ""Child,"" I've been driving for 20 years and, no, this doesn't accurately simulate driving - driving isn't that hard, even with racing slicks and no power steering).The content itself was bland. I started career mode, got aggravated with the handling of the go-kart and didn't bother with it for the rest of my session. I played out the rest of it with the quick-race option and took a look at the different tracks available. The tracks gave me a real ""Top Gear"" (1992) vibe. They were somewhat detailed, but the details had no bearing on the game and couldn't be interacted with. Heck, I might go play Top Gear. I could at least control my car in the game.So, I don't recommend this. It feels, even with all its content, underdeveloped. I purchased the DLC as part of the deal, but even with all the wallet-gouging extras, the game still fell flat for me. I've requested, and received, a refund. Will I take a chance on Project Cars 2? Not now."
76561198092202893,Recommended,234630,25881408,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sky High,Good for VR!But I have to reset the Virtual Reality option - Recenter View At Race Start to Always - Always I have to~!Is that bug??Please fix this~!I using in win 10 x64 / OSVR HDK2 / G25
76561198258467534,Recommended,234630,25957560,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,V-TEC,"feels good, looks good"
,Not Recommended,234630,32344182,Posted: 11 June,all,[Legend] Txeon,The multiplayer keep crashing :( I can't join multiplayer...
,Recommended,234630,33509851,Posted: 13 July,all,JazzyJaz,It's fun.
76561198157158041,Recommended,234630,32076945,Posted: 30 May,all,MustangIsBoss,"Control setting slider trial and error simulator. I am not exactly a ""talented"" driver in any way, but the amount of control slider tuning I have to do is annoying.I can be goinng 200 down a straight, nudge the thumbstick and slide with ESC+TC on almost any car.Might just be my world class skill, but as someone who has played Asseto Corsa, Project Cars is frustrating for me to just get the controls right where in Asseto, I could play without any sensitivity tuning or anything.In my opinion, I feel that Asseto is not as harsh to people who mostly played Need For Speed compared to Project Cars, which is more competetive feeling to me.If you have any skill though, you should be able to enjoy either to the fullest extent."
,Not Recommended,234630,32705764,Posted: 23 June,all,dinocharlie1 [the hood],"This game looked great,after playing for abit the game play was #### and the physics was #### plus its not realistic at all (if you crash the car it still looks showroom new), I was so disappointed I had so much hope for this game, I paid £17.53 for the game and all dlc's on sale,It was so unrealistic and the AI and the constantly sliding out was no fun for me. Sorry if you love this game but I got a refund as it didn't live up to all hype."
76561198052400748,Not Recommended,234630,33921450,Posted: 30 July,all,davidbollman,"Nice looking game, vr works well, unfortunately, I hit the walls more than I stay on the road with the xbox one controller w/ the oculus rift.  Yea, I'm sure I could break more or something, but my problem is it's just not fun for someone who is after a fun racing experience with the rift rather than a realistic one.  I found corsica not any better btw, I'm downloading now to see if its any better experience wise. I think dirt or trackmania vr addon may be what I'm after.  Wish me luck :-), sorry for the bad review guys, I can't bring myself to like the game for all the good points it does have going for it."
76561197972220185,Recommended,234630,34160261,Posted: 10 August,all,raptorman5174,"this a great drivers game, through car setups and gorgoues graphics.  I enjoy the seasons which increases playability"
76561198064257266,Recommended,234630,34144478,Posted: 10 August,all,yanivbd,Overall the best racing game available for vr. It's been 2 years and i still play it daily.
,Not Recommended,234630,33900722,Posted: 30 July,all,roxzon,the guy from inside sim racing was right.  it's like your car is fitted with stones as tires.  there is just no grip
,Not Recommended,234630,33848544,Posted: 27 July,all,Moby1,.
,Recommended,234630,34994820,Posted: 16 September,all,FlamingX21,"Really like this simulation racing game, personally one of my top ones."
76561198031095782,Recommended,234630,33793494,Posted: 25 July,all,verrueckterhund,"If you are a casual gamer:Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you are looking for an arcade game:Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you lack patience and passion:Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you don't have at least a mid-range computer:Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you get easily frustrated:Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you don't have an analog gaming device (wheel and pedals would be best):Go away, you've come to the wrong place!If you are a real racing simulation enthusiast willing to memorize every single bump on an abundance of race tracks:Stay a while and listen!Let's talk about the biggest problem first: the default settings for controls, force feedback, graphics, cars, etc. are best decribed in one word: AWFUL!!! But now the good news: It's really just the settings, after consulting some online guides and fighting several convoluted and sometimes hard to find but always not-so-intuitive menues you should be able to literally feel your car. Sounds like a lot of work, huh? You betcha! But you know what? All the effort pays off in a $h!tload of raw and uncensored F.U.N.!!! There's nothing more rewarding than finally winning a race with a lead of 0.024 sec.  after investing several hours or even days in tweaking your car's adjustments and memorizing every square inch of a specific track. Project Cars simply is a raw racing gemstone with some smaller flaws loaded with a lot of different cars and tracks ready to be polished by you.A few words to the people complaining about the difficulty: This is a realistic racing simulation, you are quite honestly not good enough to win, you need more practice. And always remember: It's a veeeeery thin line between flying OVER and flying OFF the track."
,Not Recommended,234630,31275043,Posted: 21 April,all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,Project cars:All graphics.No gameplay.
76561197999084225,Recommended,234630,15768332,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DiGiSPiN,This is just awesome
76561198009090743,Recommended,234630,23672636,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Vilefaith,"the Career is fun when you can race the cars / teams you signed on for for the season, but you spend more then half the season racing in series you didnt sign up for.doesn't have support for any of the 360 gen controllers or Wheels so you have to figure out work arounds to use those.All in All I love this game and have a great time playing it."
,Recommended,234630,23764688,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,phatbhuda,"This is so good with Oculus Rift. It is by far the best video game driving experience I've had. I'm sure the others are okay in VR as well, but if you have a VR system, you owe it to yourself to try at least something like Project Cars. I can't wait until there are sims like this designed with VR in mind."
,Recommended,234630,23842240,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lord llQ,"Very impressive in VR, great modelling, seemingly lots of content and looks like a Gran Turismo ish Sim racer for PC"
,Recommended,234630,23847077,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,This Bomb is Samauri Jack,"This is a really good racing game. It's 50x better than Race07.If you want all the DLC, get the game of the year edition which includes all DLC.Graphics, Music, Sounds, etc, they're all amazing!!Their are a few inconsistancies, but for me it doesn't get in the way of the game.Consider getting this game, Asseto Corsa or other racing games of your choice."
76561198042913113,Recommended,234630,23848952,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,caidicus,"I bought this game for the Vive support.I wasn't let down, it's fantastic.I can look where I'm turning, I can watch the ground whip by (from a gokart at least), and I can feel like I'm really in the cars I'm driving.The sense of speed is terrific, and the game is just overall made with good quality.This IS the racing sim, VR experience you're looking for."
76561197974683161,Recommended,234630,23865514,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Watsonius,"Firstly, download Jack Spade's tweaker files. They completely (for the better) change the force feedback settings of the base game. It's still no rFactor2, but it's close(r).Secondly, get into an online race as soon as possible.Thirdly (if you have one) try the game out with a virtual reality headset. Hands down the best gaming experience I've ever had. Sure, the resolution isn't great, but it's a whole new world. Just remember to turn off lens flare.Lastly, you need a wheel and pedals to truly enjoy the game, IMHO."
,Recommended,234630,24035378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Snakecharmer,"I still love this game, even after it wiped my first career."
76561198168690505,Recommended,234630,33102742,Posted: 1 July,all,✡KINGELI✡,"Very nice race sim, works perfect with my G920 wheel."
,Recommended,234630,34263096,Posted: 15 August,all,I <3 EggsBenedict,"love it, always a challenge! A must buy if you love cars."
76561198084457922,Recommended,234630,24405211,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pink Belly,"Game is great. Pretty much everything I want a racing game to be. I can modify to the way I'd like it, easy for now. I am using a 360 controller and it's difficult but playable - I imagine this game would be better with proper input.pros: kartscons: none."
76561198022727683,Recommended,234630,15730271,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,yusupov,"you know why i like this game! a rising tide lifts all boats, if you enjoy pCARS check out assetto corsa, iracing, rfactor2, & stock car extreme here on steam! all 5 of these sims are incredible in their own way, bring a wheel"
,Recommended,234630,32139535,Posted: 2 June,all,[NFG]Ghost1207,Awesome sim but needs to be played with a wheel to be truly appreciated
76561198155782794,Recommended,234630,20039289,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Trainfan2015,The Best Racing Game i have ever seen  realistic race tracks like Donnington  really good
,Recommended,234630,28715430,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zintix,"I hated this game at first as my car span of the starting grid, then it slowly dawned on me, this aint no Burnout,  this is the real deal and boy does it deliver"
76561198068761646,Recommended,234630,28699305,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SneakyWolf,Trying to play this game with a keyboard.
,Recommended,234630,28662933,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KruXie,"Not perfect, physics can be a little wonky, but the game is still fun as hell. A fine game to play while waiting for GT Sport."
76561198023770691,Recommended,234630,15753741,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dynen,"Looks nice, seems realistic and nice with landscape countyraces, However, having to look for servers on a serverslist now seems very ""old"" after especially racing iRacing! Events are available after a while but no one races singleplayer to ""rank-up"" anymore?  No voicechat and basically no ovalracing either. A lot of cars for money and racerealism/ dynamics seems very good and especially braking seems far superior(and more difficult) contra iRacing, however, several viewpoints are available while driving which reduces that aspect of realism. Use of 3 moniors with 1 videocard does not seem to be possble! Nice feature is that when braking, cars inside moves towerds you, simulating you moving forward while braking in real life! Having to look for servers instead of having all races fixed is no-good and no good follow-up on racingpoints contra other races either!"
,Recommended,234630,15864709,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,bizology,"After several patches and new AMD drivers (15.7), the game is much more playable for me. The game no longer loses over half its frames when a single car drives in front.I'm getting about 50-60 fps on medium/high settings. Drops down to about 30 when there's a bunch of cars and weather doing its thing.I'm hoping that Windows 10 will improve performance even futher.I can now recommend this game, however it had a very disappointing launch.***Old Review***As an owner of an AMD GPU (7870) I can't recommend you get this game. It seems that the developer has optimized Project CARS only for nvidia hardware, comparable AMD cards under perform (R9 280s and 290s are performing worse than 660s).If you own an AMD card, save your money until this game is fixed. If you've got an nvidia card, go for it, the game is fun.Can't say much about the graphics since I'm stuck on all low settings!"
,Recommended,234630,15758479,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,intentional warwick,TOP KEK
,Recommended,234630,15754172,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,.V.,"This is a very good game, easy as that.AS always you can nitpick about this and that physics and this and that audio. Graphics wise though it is beyond everything else out there. But the whole experience in pCars is solid from the bottom up.Having a wheel is almost a must. With a wheel it is top notch driving, handcontroller is worse but i am not really used to play car sims with my XBox controller either :). And make absolutely sure you are up to minimum specs before buying!Would i recommend this game, oh yes with out question if your a car sim enthusiast it is a must have title."
,Recommended,234630,24707438,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,{HT}Call Of Banana,"Everything about this game is being realistic. You can't upgrade any cars like in need for speed, but every car model is so delicate, even after when its crashed."
76561198011245658,Recommended,234630,25066491,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Eraycer,"One of my favorite racing games, would like to find a good league to run in with weekly."
,Recommended,234630,25247276,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Randall,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5LRXBQdRo0Project Cars is an overwhelmingly good starting point for any newcomer to mostly Circuit racing. It's the perfect blend of realism and breathtaking beauty at high speed. An outstanding number of vehicles to choose from. From 1960's Formula 1 to modern day Formula 1. Le Mans LMP. Go Karts. Street Cars. There is literally something for everyone in terms of racing cars. But that is all that this game is. Racing. If you are wanting to get out of your vehicle and shoot someone up this isn't the game for you. If you are expecting to do something other than a ton of laps around the same tracks... this game isn't for you. But if you're willing to open up to what racing really is and the fact that going around a track is fundamentally all there is to it, then you may just be worthy of experiencing the beauty in that fundamental aspect.What is the beauty you may ask? Well... it's the beauty of the atomic atmosphere of a circuit on a race day. Buzzing with lights and camera flashes. The tires on the pavement making contact, creating grip and launching you into the blurry speeds of the gods. . . . . lol. Just race damnit."
76561197972404872,Recommended,234630,25649629,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bad vs Evil,"Looks great and plays well, a must for driving game fans."
76561198043377853,Recommended,234630,25704158,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,LeoNogueira,one of the best driving sumulator! i realy recomend
76561198290406689,Recommended,234630,28922986,Posted: 1 January,all,ZOHAN IS HERE,exelent
76561198011449271,Recommended,234630,28931195,Posted: 1 January,all,R.J MacReady,"Graphics are top notch beautiful.   Sound is damn good.Gameplay is very challenging. You'll be spending plenty of time in practice and in time trials if you want to be good at this.Car setup is what you'd expect in a racing sim.  The AI in my opinion is very tough at maximum.   It hurt my ego a bit when I finally found the setting that I could compete against  (right now I'm at 43.)Im having no FFB issues at all.  It's very responsive and strong.  The settings are incredibly extensive and should be studied in depth before tweeking with them.All in all this is a must have in any serious sim racers collection.I'm driving with a t500, pedals and clutch, and a gear shifter."
76561198007194083,Recommended,234630,28988115,Posted: 3 January,all,The Regsy,"OK so I am now 60+ hour in and I am enjoying it.  I used to love the off Geoff Crammond F1 games on the Atari ST and early PC's I moved on to the Codemasters TOCA series, Grand Prix legends and enjoyed Gran Touismo on  the playstation.  Apart from GT legends when it comes to modern sims they all lacked something, especially the F1 games.  This has come as a surprise, I have been through 5 seasons now driven clio's. caterhams, LMP2 cars, currently driving the class below F1 abd historic F1 cars there is such a good selection and they do all feel different, so there is a good choice of championships and cars here and great graphics without needing a massive spec system.  But the thing that made it for me has been starting to drive a historic Lotus race at Silverstone when halfway around the first lap I wondering what was wrong when I realised that it was 70's era Silverstone with no Wing and a control tower down by club corner, very good.I got this as a deal with all the DLC and it has so far proved worth every penny.  The key to this is that I can play it on my laptop with a pad, it may not be ultra realistic but I can play it witout needing wheels and pedals."
,Recommended,234630,29055793,Posted: 6 January,all,[VoGu] Hawkstony,"Project Cars a racing simulation, that focuses on races that are on tracks all around the world.Pro:+Shiny Graphics+Many cars and car classes+Many Tracks+Many options to tune the car (create setups)+Realistic feeling+Best feeling with a FFB steering wheelContra:-Default car setups are default and a lot of work to get everything right. Also no workshop for setups like in Codemaster games-Random multiplayer is useless, cause rammers don't get punishment and disturbe races until they leave, cause bad.-People only play GT3 class races all day long-Too many DLCs for payments.You can have a lot of fun in driving in this game, improve yourself, enjoy shiny graphics but I would recommend to join a clan or a community that organises races. Cause there you will get rid very fast of rammers and doughebags but also have very very fast drivers in there. A win-win situation.Cu in the racetrack, when you breathe my dust;)"
,Recommended,234630,29199276,Posted: 12 January,all,AwSmCreator,Absolutely fantastic. The racing is amazing. I would recommend playing this with a wheel and pedal set up and if you can a VR headset. There's nothing like it!
76561197971812881,Recommended,234630,29254167,Posted: 14 January,all,Merkaba954,"I think the game overall was a good game i was just looking for a game with more cars than Project Cars as well as much more customization available. I think they should put a demo out for this game so that people can see how the game plays before purchasing it that way they know what they are getting. Like i said it didnt really have bad game play but i was looking for a game for the PC that was more like a Forza game and this just didnt fit the bill. Physics wise it is close but no where near as polished as Forza for the 360. It is like the NFS games have the customization aspects but the car physics suck♥♥♥♥♥Over all if you are looking for a good racer this is one, but it is not as good as Forza IMO."
,Recommended,234630,29257820,Posted: 14 January,all,csoffer.me,It's not a project but it has cars
76561197965318757,Recommended,234630,29303776,Posted: 16 January,all,Mike Rauch,Fantastic simulator. Bought it for the Vive and couldn't be more pleased with the VR experience
76561197979835132,Recommended,234630,29348355,Posted: 18 January,all,PheralCat,"Project Cars is fun, gorgeous, addicting..and did I mention fun?  I use an Xbox One controller on Win10, but pros who out-drive me are telling me to try a wheel and pedals for even more control.  I may do that, but I still have h3lla fun.  This game starts you out in a very easy mode, I call it baby mode.  It has arrows on the road for you to follow that turn yellow for caution and red if you simply will not be ablet to make the turn at your current speed.  They also represent the LINE you are supposed to follow.  If you ever raced, you will understand that, but the pros will follow this line for the best braking into and  acceleration out of a turn.  When you are done with baby mode, step up and turn off the arrows and all those assists and drive like a pro does - with the damage turned on .  Online, the n00bz using those arrows for advantage and also ram you for fun on servers with no damage turned on.  Stop them by hosting a race with damage ON adn arrows OFF, and watch them slide off every turn and crash, wreck the front end, then they bail out and leave, heh.  My only gripe is... once in a practice race, you can't change cars easily without quitting and coming back in.  Otherwise, my friends and I have really enjoyed this.  I only play online against real people. I will try the campaign if my internet ever goes down, LOL."
,Recommended,234630,29420501,Posted: 22 January,all,Nico Nico DABBBB!!!!!!,aside from the ai trying to kill me every now and then... good game
,Recommended,234630,29513677,Posted: 26 January,all,1ping,"Great, definitly worth messing around with different track and car combination."
,Recommended,234630,29517374,Posted: 27 January,all,TheDrunkFerrit,Amazing game! Takes a bit of getting use to but still a great game. (Helps to have a wheel or controller)
76561197971543348,Recommended,234630,29890600,Posted: 12 February,all,Exigeous,"If you enjoy racing games where you can modify your car, upgrade lots of parts, install wings and custom paint them then is this NOT the game for you.  Project Cars is far more sim racer than arcade racer, it's not at all about screwing around making the cars look a certain way, it's about driving them a certain way.  Yes it has a somewhat short list of cars but that's not the point, there are more than enough cars in each of the classes for some visual diversity because again Project Cars is about driving, period.I've played pretty much all the major sim/racing titles over the years and this is one of my favorites.  Great graphics, outstanding sound, great hardware support and fantastic VR makes it a treat to drive.  The multiplayer system is rather nice as it's quick and simple to setup a race yet powerful enough that you can tweak it how you want.  I can't comment on what the community is like to race with as I either drive solo or with friends.The track selection is very good as are the physics and car handling.  I'm told it's not that great with a standard controller which I'm not surprised about, it's clearly designed for force feedback wheels and pedals.  If you're into sim racing and have the hardware then you should absolutely give Project Cars a try.  When on sale it's an absolute steal (got the game and ALL DLC for $15 from a humble website).  If you'd rather be behind the wheel driving instead of being in upgrade screens and paint shops this is for you."
,Recommended,234630,30230373,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
76561198190553077,Recommended,234630,31959852,Posted: 25 May,all,Bifrost,"A great racing sim, but it looses a lot of it's appeal to me when it only contains about 1 street car/ normal car, so i rather prefer somthing like Forza, but the core gameplay (the driving) is spot on and i love that for once a game gives you all the cars from the start.8/10"
76561198075267783,Recommended,234630,30210452,Posted: 26 February,all,Gannoff,v cool
76561198116287246,Recommended,234630,24797179,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Maverick,such a good game really hard handling the cars though but a very nice game
76561197979977790,Recommended,234630,25029378,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,king_willy,Incredible physics and very immersive.Fantastic experience.
,Recommended,234630,25926425,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mr. Tasmanian Devil,"Just bought this game, and so far i have nothing bad to say, wait i do have 1 thing, it crashed for no reason 1 time..... No big deal to me though..... Good game idk what to say about it its a good racing sim....."
,Recommended,234630,28161984,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TR4N1X,"I was not fan of the racing simulations but this one made me change my mind. I can't wait to purchase the next Project Cars game even though it has been 2 hours or so. I don't know how that 2 hours just passed, it was like a blink of an eye. Here is what I experienced in that limited time, and I'll be playing this one for a long time, I'm sure of it.This game is an incredible racing experience with lots of customisation options. You can set the game to help you with turns, brakes etc or you can set it to pro mode and live the true racing experience. Amount of cars, the feeling of them, weather effects, and even setting up the pit stop schedule.. all are customisable and have great effect on your performance. This game will make you live the moment and drive your car to the victory.I'm playing through the career mode now and I just spend 1.5 hours in qualifications.. I learned the ""map"" by getting involved in many accidents and losing the track of the road many times, but in the end I was able to finish in first place in just my second try. It was the result of that training, and that felt AWESOME to practice that much and win in the end. I just play the game in Amateur mode, which can be classified as the ""medium"" difficulty, I can't wait to learn to play the game totally, master it and go to the ""Pro"" mode which is the hardest difficulty.To sum it up? Wishlist it as soon as possible and get it on sale as I did, one of the best purchases I have ever made."
76561198094789313,Recommended,234630,24529885,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,asiangeek,Great racing sim if your by yourself or even with your racing friends
,Recommended,234630,26450481,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BraGz,"Highly recommended, loads of cars & tracks. Good to see racing games as esports with legit prize money."
76561198063455962,Recommended,234630,26619809,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,psyco_jester,"if you like reallistic vroom vrooms and sounds that make your hairs stand up, i suggest buying this game. even without the dlc's its wicked fun"
,Recommended,234630,26639895,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tex_548,Kicks♥♥♥♥♥♥in VR
,Recommended,234630,26944595,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SakuIce,"Best realistic racing sim out there. Having an iconic nürburgring full track, makes playing it with friends even more awesome."
,Recommended,234630,27460562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Latmren,Nice one
,Recommended,234630,27518246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pentanix,Vroom
,Recommended,234630,28133976,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,CorniestCorn,"Blue shells are over-powered, please nerf in next update Nintendo.PRO-TIP: If the game tells you to slow down, take it's advice"
,Recommended,234630,28909179,Posted: 1 January,all,~¤ Trucker Tom ¤~,"When I first got this game, it was fun, immersive but just another racer, because I only had a joystick controller.I now have a g29 racing wheel, with pedals and gear stick, this is no longer a game, I've been playing this most of this afternoon, probably more hours over the last 2 days than I had prior to getting the wheel, just because of how much more fun this brings.The visuals of this game are amazing, the way the cars move and react are amazing, even on a controller, you're by no means at a disadvantage for using an xbox / steam controller, but for sheer enjoyment, a wheel and VR would really put this game into that next level of amazing.Purely fantastic, hours of fun the menu music is dramatic but not overwhelming.Well done!"
,Recommended,234630,28959871,Posted: 2 January,all,Kilohaili,Best pro circuit car game for pc!! like the grandturismo careear mode a bit better
,Not Recommended,234630,25928843,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Spooks,"Eh, it's a fun game no doubt. Kind of wished they included a way to modify your own car to make more of your own instead of just picking what car you want to drive and thats that. I mean you can tune the tire pressure and mess with the brakes and etc but it would be a nice feature. Another thing that was rathe frustrating was the sound bugs. If you played the game you might know what Im talking about but its pretty annoying.I would pick up the game if you have a controller or a wheel. Using a keyboard will not be fun whatsoever (I kept spinning out at the slightest turn of the wheel.)I might buy the game again in the future now that I have a controller but for now I would watch some youtube videos before you get the game hahaI made the mistake of using a keyboard and it ruined my experience(I also put no for recommendation but I do recommend since its probably one of the best racing games for pc)"
76561198116722171,Recommended,234630,27773439,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dominic,Great game
,Recommended,234630,28033416,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Major Brighton,"I had to write something for this incredible experience, as in VR that is what you get. This is not a game as such, it is an experience you wont want to stop.There are only four games to date that truly work for VR and this at second from top, as Elite and Dangerouse only just takes first place.What makes this game so good, well for me, attention to detail, so that you feel your there."
,Recommended,234630,28921020,Posted: 1 January,all,SketchXZ,If your into racing then this is the game to buy
76561198115149868,Recommended,234630,29561548,Posted: 29 January,all,puddingbrood,its a really good game its looks amazing it plays awesome BUT the cars i love like the lambo nissan gtr and a ferrari are not in the game you can add them with mods but thats to complicated for so i wish the add these cars in the game
,Recommended,234630,25038578,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,rassy7,"I'm a fan of Nascar Racing 2003. I love racing games that focus on simulation aspects and this game dives deep into that. The available third-party apps give it a huge boost as well. There are a few limitations, which I think pCARS 2 is ironing out, such as pit crews and oval tracks, but what's available is really spectacular. The graphics are unmatched, but do require a moderate system to run. To run max graphics, you'll need something decently on the high end."
76561197997842240,Recommended,234630,25188583,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HOBO,"My favourite VR game by far.  Big, big grin on my face the first time I raced with the headset on. This is what VR is all about. Very immersive."
,Recommended,234630,29395214,Posted: 21 January,all,Bence Tuzson,Very Good:)
76561198092748961,Recommended,234630,30306093,Posted: 3 March,all,BenMac1,"This game while short on modification and car selection, makes up for it with excellent driving simulation and proper manual gearbox simulation with my Logitech G27. The weather customizability is excellent, and cars handling REALISTICALLY, contrary to other's belief that a Lancer Evolution should oversteer, while it is actually mainly FWD until torque is sent to the rear wheels."
,Recommended,234630,31177262,Posted: 16 April,all,Blade,"Quite like the game, smooth and well made graphics. More cars would be great to have."
76561198047168193,Recommended,234630,31911878,Posted: 22 May,all,Rogue Armadillo,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're down for some good racing
,Recommended,234630,25554816,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,nomauz,"Wonderful game with great graphics and gameplay. Music was the only thing I was missing.Edit: also, there is barely anyone online... wish there were more people"
76561198245718440,Recommended,234630,27818929,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NONAME,broom broomm (so amazing sound pagani zonda ) :v
,Recommended,234630,29134967,Posted: 8 January,all,Regular-Sized Ian,"When I first played Project CARS, it was a complete mess. Filled with game breaking bugs, I was immediatly turned off from the game.Now, after quite some time, it's clear that the developers have put their time and effort into this product, as it's a much more playable game.I've expereinced a few bugs here and there, but overall this is currently one of the best racing simulators on the market that's current.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,234630,29536149,Posted: 28 January,all,cristiand90,"Fun game to drive around, but the Campaign mode gets very boring very fast.Don't expect it to be some sort of Need for Speed, more like a ""do the same lap 12 times for the best times with no cars in sight"" kind of game."
,Recommended,234630,31910829,Posted: 22 May,all,Piper,Amazing and addictive!
,Recommended,234630,32574936,Posted: 19 June,all,ADJ15gaming,Got This At £8 Actually Has Great Graphics But Not Great For Replayablitity!Beaut Car Sounds! 8.1/10
,Recommended,234630,32745990,Posted: 24 June,all,"It was his hat, Mr. Krabs!","Decent customization, decent selection of cars, good track physics.  Good overall if you're looking to get into racing simulators without throwing you in the deep end immediately."
76561198288481313,Recommended,234630,33162318,Posted: 2 July,all,fuhan,Good
76561198306500482,Recommended,234630,33170206,Posted: 2 July,all,Raging Videocard,Car physics sucks because some ai cars are BouncingI Only Recommended this game because of the GraphicsThe Graphics of this game is realistic than the graphics of real lifeand the game is optimized because i can run it Ultra Settings 1080p @ 60 fps on a Dual core Cpu
,Recommended,234630,29787175,Posted: 8 February,all,StefanDK,"I've read a decent amount of reviews stating that the game handles regular controllers poorly. Yes, but it was never meant to be played with a controller, but with a wheel, No simulation racing game ever felt right with a controller. I started playing with wheels back in the Need For Speed 1 days and it felt great back then. And with Project Cars, it feels even greater. I tried Forza for Win10 with a wheel, but it lacked that kind of texture and feedback you get from Project Cars. I tried rFactor back in the day and felt I needed to tweak things forever. With a G29, everything is almost right from the beginning with Project Cars,Enhancing that (force) feedback experience is the really good effects when driving with the sun in front of you or in/out of shadows. It really provides an authentic feeling. So much that the first hour of playtime with the game had me yearning for more.So I really love the game - why have I not played it more as of now, you might ask. Simply put: I don't have the time. Else I¨d be racing down the winding roads of the Green Hell right now :-)So: If you only have a controller, stay AWAY from the game. You have a wheel? Congrats, this is one of the best racing sims outthere right now. Knowing a Project Cars 2 is on it's way makes life just a little bit sweeter in these times ..."
,Recommended,234630,30067862,Posted: 20 February,all,ShahBoy,"I do like this game but sometimes its very laggy and unstable, plus the steering controls are the worst."
,Recommended,234630,31978847,Posted: 26 May,all,Ginzou,"Was racing against two of my friends:- 15 seconds after start we rush to the front- One of my friends bumps me- I loose control and hit him aswell- Third friends approaches fast from behind- Crashes into both of us- We all lose control and spin out- And we're all behind the othersWe didn't do so well, but had alot of fun!Great game!"
,Recommended,234630,32505983,Posted: 17 June,all,Čųřřý ýęłľøw,Very fun and addicting!! Play with friends makes it even more interesting.One of the best racing games I ever played everyone should definitely consider getting this game....
76561197997215711,Recommended,234630,32939940,Posted: 28 June,all,Jay88018,amazing game
,Recommended,234630,34077416,Posted: 7 August,all,BlueWhale,Good
,Recommended,234630,24861483,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Maximus,"Alright straight of, this is an amazing game! It's the best to play with friends and be semi-serious. But even if you don't like multiplayer you can play the Singleplayer mode. This gives you the choice to start where ever you want. So if you want to work your way up from a Go Kart to an Indy Car? Go ahead!What you do need to know is that this isn't an Arcade game. You have nothing visual to change but you can change every single bolt under the hood. If you enjoy playing a racing game the way it was meant to be played then this is they way to go!+Great Graphics+Great steering simulation+Lots of mechanical options-Nothing visual to change-Engines sound good, but could be better-Hard to learn-The rules on the track are weird sometimes (You crash and you also get a penalty for 'cutting the track')8/10 Great, but could use a pitstop"
76561197998672292,Recommended,234630,25370270,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,vlassis.kera,Excellent
76561198186042730,Recommended,234630,25957194,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,minigoth,"this game is awesome,  and ubber graphics 10/10"
76561198201520231,Recommended,234630,28086296,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ribalder,"wow. got the Game of Year edition and 13 DLC packs Bundle for 22 USD. so much content, love it love it love it, yes, better than asseto corsa, which I paid more for an have nowhere near the cars w/out paying alot more. wth with porsche anyways man?, give up some dam cars you used to in all the games before...wtf"
,Recommended,234630,29263237,Posted: 14 January,all,ɾȷ,Only play this if you have a steering wheel and pedals... Great game that could have been better with more cars. Maybe #2 will be a hit but this one is like a 7/10 for real race fans. Get's old fast unless you're a die hard simulator fan.
76561198072763654,Recommended,234630,29423231,Posted: 22 January,all,GELJELGEL,NICE GAME
76561198085373792,Recommended,234630,29890275,Posted: 12 February,all,Kwokodile,"Game is really realistic, the most realistic driving game I have played to date. Accurately portrays driving and how the difficulty is affected by external factors such as tire pressure and weather."
,Recommended,234630,30068224,Posted: 20 February,all,[TLB]-H3LLRIDE,"One of the most realistic racing games I ever played . Settings and adjustments for cars are a bit much ,Until you start to participate in online racing . Then you realize why they are needed .Comes ready to go with all the cars available to you , there are no ladders to climb for better cars , this is very cool ,you can buy some DLC but you really dont need itComes with plenty of Tracks more than you would probably need but its always nice to have moreGraphics are thee best .only as good as your graphic card (right ?)Views for  cars they  have all views bumper cam ,cockpit ,etcThis game is one to have in the collection . A MUST"
,Recommended,234630,30129062,Posted: 23 February,all,Julien2395,"""Project CARS""Very good graphics, very realistic!Damage model could be much better & realistic.Would like to have real Formula 1, GP2 & Formula 3 in the game instead of Formula A, B & C.And the rest of the cars with the real cars, liveries, teams etc.Default FFB Settings are very hard to control for the first few days/weeks.Grip in the Endurance cars is too low. Can loose the Car under braking and even on flat out straights.Pit garage is very simple.Online is good, have no lag when i play with Australian's or American's, which i do have on F1 2016.I would give this game a 7,5 out of 10."
,Recommended,234630,30223815,Posted: 27 February,all,Luke,Great!
,Recommended,234630,31023107,Posted: 8 April,all,Joker San,Best Sim Out There.Better than Gran Turismo
,Recommended,234630,31637420,Posted: 8 May,all,Cheezy :3,Good game
,Recommended,234630,33558619,Posted: 15 July,all,meme,2 words. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,234630,33184256,Posted: 3 July,all,Drax | GIBB.GG,Fun game
76561198295342702,Recommended,234630,33563246,Posted: 15 July,all,tavassoli.r,This is My Favorite Game
76561198081979427,Recommended,234630,34784148,Posted: 6 September,all,NEW PORT,BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BECAUSE IT HAS MY CAR
76561198262654259,Recommended,234630,32582928,Posted: 19 June,all,hungfai999,Very realistic experience on motorsport. It makes you feel like a real driver in the career modeGraphics was fantastic especially when weather changes. However forza motorsport is little bit better.There are a lot of playble cars and tracks. You can definitely play it for a long period of time.
76561197989835176,Recommended,234630,26729616,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,defmec,addicted
,Recommended,234630,27573501,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nimabrus,VROOM
76561198033415626,Recommended,234630,29317074,Posted: 17 January,all,EichelJoe,Awesome realistic and very entertaining game when using it with a good steering wheel. (In my case a Logitech G920)
,Recommended,234630,29336112,Posted: 18 January,all,ilocko,A game that deserves every penny.
76561198000896098,Recommended,234630,29476864,Posted: 24 January,all,Mills,Good game 8+ of 10  recommend AI improvements to less aggresive not crashing into every turn. Good car and track options. Lots of setup capability.
76561198039886085,Recommended,234630,32580552,Posted: 19 June,all,|PrasZ|,Gran Turismo for PC
76561198092673620,Recommended,234630,32757972,Posted: 24 June,all,devestator999,AMAZING! Buy if you love fast cars... NOW
,Not Recommended,234630,35211878,Posted: 25 September,all,NielsenSan,Does not start or work at all.Stay clear - at least if you are an AMD Radeon owner.I just wasted my money and can't get any support or find any suggestions that will work for me.Same issue on two different computers.
,Recommended,234630,32795224,Posted: 25 June,all,Oily Turk,best racing sim ever
76561198125923206,Recommended,234630,32305971,Posted: 9 June,all,BabaYaga,I dont know why but this game is really hard! Anyway i bought this game cause i got a good pc and i wanted to test the good graphics.I tried to play with my PS4 controller but it was harder than keyboard. Im leaving thumps up cause i know that i didnt do the right options to play.
76561198082425960,Recommended,234630,34987772,Posted: 15 September,all,BreadQuest,good
76561198026724250,Recommended,234630,24897099,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,capto,Cool racing sim.
,Recommended,234630,27344725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tree_tchoper21,"nice sounds, nice graphics, nice cars, nice experience"
,Not Recommended,234630,15747514,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Schmexxy,"I rarely write reviews, but I felt obligated to for this.It's not very good. The graphics are great, but it plays like a game straight from an arcade. Isn't it supposed to be super realistic?!Meh, 4/10, do not buy"
76561198019536305,Not Recommended,234630,15734199,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,bob dole,"This game has great graphics and the simulation aspect of it is extremely well done. The cars feel realistic and are very fun to drive.That said, there really isn't much to do in this game. I thought the whole 'sandbox' racing idea sounded fun, but by 'sandbox' I envisioned having lots of cars to choose from, from many different eras, and the ability to tamper and upgrade them etc, without having to grind and earn money to do it. You know, like jacking up a 1975 280zx to 800 HP or something...The money aspect and grinding is removed, which is nice, but there's nothing really in its place, and so the game just feels kind of hollow. You get a handful of cars, that you can't upgrade or mess with them other than 'tuning' which in itself isn't that complex or fun (i.e. inflating tires to different PSIs, brake adjustments etc). And, having no money, the 'career' mode is just racing through tedious championships with ONE car that can't be modified, just to move to other leagues and other cars. (hours mastering a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Clio??? why???). But since you have access to all the cars from the start, there's no real incentive and it feels pointless. You're free to move the difficulty setting around, and from league to league, and all the various settings, but why even bother...The only thing somewhat fun in this game is the online racing against other people. But again, it feels very limited because there are just so few cars, and the only way to have a fair race is if they are all the same.I suppose the trade-off is that the cars that ARE there, are very realistic and true to life. I imagine it took a long time to program that level of realism, and it's impressive. But, if you are just a casual gamer and car fan like me ... then who cares?...I'd rather have hundreds of slightly less realistc cars to choose from, because personally I would never know the difference anyway. I haven't driven but the few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ station-wagons and sedans I've owned in my life, so I have no idea of what a Huayra-whatever is SUPPOSED to look and feel like. If this game had MODS allowed, well, then that would be a different story...but apparently that's not happening either.The moral is to do your homework before dropping 50$ on a game. I think by 'sandbox' they are misleading people...all that means is no unlockable content and no REAL career mode. It's a nice idea, but it takes away the 'game' aspect of it, and just makes it something to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with for a few hours when you're bored. ..BUT if you are hardcore about realism and all that, and you love to drive for the sake of driving, this might be your game."
,Recommended,234630,15792451,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Spalato,"You get 2 games for the price of one. Project CARS for you and Destruction Derby for the AI in your game.Other than the AI blatantly smashing into you pretty much whenever they get the chance (especially if you lap them, blue flag??), AI cars not really being slowed down if they collide or leave the track (being overtaken by an offroad GT3 car while opening up on the straight is priceless) and the fact that you have to be a machine that makes NOT A SINGLE ONE tiny mistake during rainy Watkins Glenn qualifying sessions this game is actually better than awesome.5,5/10 if you take the AI and the penalty system into account (srsly looked forward to finally play a game where I don't have to live in constant fear of being taken down by a fellow racer)10/10 if you don't"
,Not Recommended,234630,16126128,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Z36ra,"Project Cars is by far the most buggy racing game I've seen.The game is taxing on even the most updated rig. My rig: ASUS Crosshair-V Formula-Z, 9590FX, R9-290X, 16G RAM, 250GB Samsung 840 Evo SSD. Inadequate. And after reading the posts about AMD GPU performance, I bought an Nvidia GTX 980. While the performance was better, it was far short of what I expected running FPS anywhere from 50 to 110 FPS with Ultra settings.The menus are terrible and don't flow logically. In order to change your car livery, you have to drill down several levels of menus. No custom liveries.Entering your friends online race room is prohibited if the race has started. So you have to wait for your friend to finish before joining.Lots of game crashes. It makes getting friends together for racing difficult and arduous when one friend and another crash at random times.There’s no retiring but you can look at a grayed out “retire” button. This is especially bad if you've lost a tire and can't get to the pit. You not only have to wait till the end of the race but you and your friends have to wait for the race timer to expire because you cant make it to the finish line; I believe it's two minutes. Speaking of which, there's no way to customize the long wait timer.The list of things wrong with this game goes on and on. A single patch wouldn't fix something that needs an entire rewrite. Sorry SMS, this is a fail.*edit*After patch 1 came out I thought things would get better but they didn't:If you want to use no HUD, be carful because your LCD will say your in a different gear at the start of the race than what the HUD says. Many times the LCD on the car  would say I was in 1st and I was actually in neutral.Some cars now will not let you change to neutral if your car's moving but others will. That makes no sense, because every other game will let you change to neutral- if you downshift too far its an added element of realism. This was not the case before the patch, so in my opinion this patch broke something.One thing I thought would get fixed but didn't: If you have Steam overlay enabled while an online race is loading, you'll lose all input systems- no keyboard, mouse, or controller (G-25 here). so you have to ctrl-alt-del and kill the game from Task Manager. I've verified this bug doesn't just effect me, it effects my friends as well.Another problem is that tracks disapear in multiplayer. A friend and I have noticed that Mazda Raceway and Oulton park simply are not in the online list one day and the next they are. This has happened several times."
,Not Recommended,234630,15772025,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BigPickle,"Usual boring driving.Over sensitive controls, twitchy movement, inhuman AI abilities. Exactly what I've come to expect from driving games.Dont belive the claims of DK2 ready, its rubbish and shouldnt be advertised the way it has been, actual races yes have a somewhat sluggish dk2 support but menus certainly do not.If your buying this for VR like I did, dont bother its bearly usable without all the usual eye bending work around crap!Being an non driving game enthuisiast I felt it was time to give this one a go, I have Assetto Corsa and that is the same deal as this game essentially but with less realisim in Porject Cars.I wish I hadnt listened to Mack now to be honest, I'm 0 for 2 both recommended games from his you-tube channel. Great comedy not so great recommendations.The steering wheel deadzone area is screwed, using my wheel I can bearly control any car properly and consistantly, the FFB is some of the most unrealistic I've ever felt.£40 that I could have spent on something I would have enjoyed. Time for me to never get another car game again.So in short if your like me and can take or leave car games dont waste your money.If you like car games why not add yet another snooze fest to your collection."
,Not Recommended,234630,15723902,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,aGmr,"Paid $50 for this today. Overpriced to say the least. Essentially unplayable.My Setup:- SLI GTX 780 + Intel i7- All generic no overclockList of bugs:1. glitches if you go too fast while scraping walls2. if you crash too hard into wall you flip over or through side walls. Once on other side you can drive back through, however pretty major glitch.3. the chat interface will censor random words like ""what"" ""i"" ""type"" into **** * ****.4. the chat box in game is positioned off to the side and doesn't wordwrap so it cuts off more than five words typed.Pros:Not much currently. Suppose...- I liked the music n promo videos.- The gameplay set up is better and more open feeling than other racing games like Grid AS.- Though the chat box has glitches(see below) I liked that it had a chat box vs only allowing mics like Grid AS.Cons:- UI is difficult to navigate, example:> the home screen has huge single button links for no reason.> the scrollbars don't work like standard scrollbars, they do some weird auto scroll glitchy movement.- Right away the audio for engine sounds is generic and has no variation, every gear sounds the same through the entire range of rpm.- Graphics even at Ultra and High, etc (as high as I could put them) were as plain as any free game you could download. Grass was non existant, no shading or shadows, cars look plastic. The game literally looks nothing like the promo videos or screenshots.- Physics are broken, glitchy, unfinished, not working. It looks like they're on the right track for a more realistic type feeling, however currently they're just broke.- $50 is way too much for this game in this state. Should be $5 or free, especially after however many years they've been working on it for it to still be this unfinished.- Cars don't generate damage, instead pieces just fly off randomly, glass doesn't seem to break for example.Summary:Seems like this game should've been way more finished by now or priced way cheaper than premium pricing. However I do like some of the general characteristics of the game. Wouldn't recommend if you're used to getting some level of quality for $50."
76561198082684294,Not Recommended,234630,15735331,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,kayak83,"Long story short. If choosing between iRacing, Assetto Corsa and this: go with iRacing.Graphics are fake and all the lens flare and god rays etc etc are trying to take away from some bad/jaggy AA. Not to mention the HORRIBLE AI."
,Not Recommended,234630,15737380,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,deviltk™,"Very dissapointed in this game, the handling is very very bad compare to other car simlation game i played before."
76561198054045782,Not Recommended,234630,23704199,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,teburax,This is by far the worst drivers expirience i had in a game.... in a corner (lots of tries) i am the only car that get the effects of a collision even if we are about 6 cars that time in the collision!!!!  where the f.. is the reality in this???? Seriusly who did this game without any kind of proper realism??? someone told me this is a great game and i run to buy it and then this !!! no reality what so ever ...only to grab the money out of your pocket
76561198056950751,Not Recommended,234630,16799723,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,|Luas|,"Horrrible broken game, would not reccomend. Wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,234630,16030843,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SammyJeev @ RejectGamers,"Terrible, Terrible game. For the price you pay, you'd expect the cars not to handle like they would in some £5 arcade game. The graphics are good, but in terms of racing quality and sim, I'd go for the F1 games ten times over before buying this game. I completely and utterly regret my decision to waste my money on this."
,Recommended,234630,15803827,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,NoobMasterRace,"Very good game,more cars and tracks is a must have."
,Recommended,234630,16050578,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Smoke,Good evening. My name is smoke and I am here to tell you how to play project cars.Step 1: Tune and test your car for 2 hours straightStep 2: Tune your racing wheelStep 3: Enter a online raceStep 4: CrashStep 5: Leave10/10 would reccomend
76561197960387187,Not Recommended,234630,15779310,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Alex,Unfinished/buggy as hell apart from that awesome when you can play the game.I would recommend this game but not in this state
76561198047580562,Recommended,234630,15781386,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BigShotBob85,Must own for car and racing fans alike.
76561198005658333,Not Recommended,234630,15766213,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SimonR32,"Junk, G25 doesn't work correctly, graphics are glitchy and handling is poor. I want a refund"
76561198073610016,Recommended,234630,15833508,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ECHO-4-MIKE,"as Mack would say ""WORTH A BUY"""
,Not Recommended,234630,20071307,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Doesn't work iand its buggy. I own over 750+ games and this is the first one I've ever requested a refund on. Says something. I'd like to be able to comment on the driving physics since people seem to say they are pretty good but can't play it enough to say consistently. The graphics are nice when not glitched out however, the sound is pretty good although pretty much the same for various vehicles (which it shouldn't be) and there is a decent selection of tracks and cars. Can't recommend however due to its poor optimization."
76561198083203689,Not Recommended,234630,16841820,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,RetroXAmaze,"ATTENTION: Game is more immersive and playable with a steering wheel.Pros:- Pretty visuals.- Good optimal performance.- Good sound effects.- Suprising amount of immersion. (found myself laughing at your ""fans"" tweeting about your progress)- Suprisingly amazing physics.- Good model detail.- Love how almost every single car handles differently.Cons:- Fair amount of bugs to still be worked out.- Lens flares and other lighting effects could use some work.- VERY Difficult to play with a controller and even more so to play with Keyboard+Mouse.- You most likely WILL need a steering wheel.- If you play with a controller/gamepad, you will have to optimize it. (Please don't even try it, most confusing menu I've ever seen)- Your ""fans"" tend reptitivly to say the same things, ergo losing some immersion value.- Some menus are confusing, step-by-step tutorials would be nice for new players.- Multi-player is riddled with bugs. (Invisible cars? WTF??)- I found it hard to race through rain/storms/fog. (Hard to see, sliding into every corner barrier, hard to keep up with mild difficulty NPc's)- Pretty disappointed that you cannot customize vehicles.- Really weird approch to this title. (Is it simulation or arcade? it feels like both...? wtf? It has a very strange/confusing vibe)VERDICT: Despite all the negatives, this title still have a fair amount of fun. It's not exactly what I expected due from all the hype, but it certainly isn't terrible. However, you will be annoyed by bugs, some weather effects, and the weird controls setup for gamepads/Keyboard+Mouse.Should you buy it?: I'd say to wait until it either goes on sale or the developers get a chance to patch it up; which ever comes first. But as the game stands right now, it's not worth the $49.99 price tag."
,Not Recommended,234630,16856311,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Darkflipup,i was really excited for this game until i played it. I think it still has a lot of bugs and they should have just waited to release it. To me it still feels like its in beta.
,Recommended,234630,15737998,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一,"Awesome game and amazing graphics. Much better than assetto corsa. More tracks, more cars and better graphics."
,Not Recommended,234630,16547171,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Maximum Derek,"I don't really enjoy it, going to get a refund ^^;Pros:+ I like the helmet view+ feel of the carsCons:- Most the tracks are same realworld(read lazy) ones ive played to death in other games very unoriginal and boring- Graphics are just ok even on max, I was expect much more, Forza 5/Horizon 2 and Drive Club both look better overall- Glitchs, like it wouldn't even count me as racing for 3 of the races i tried in the hour and a half I played- lacks customization, no one likes look of logo filled cars it's ugly"
76561198035928344,Not Recommended,234630,15779710,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Wills Spill,"Unbelievable.One of the poorest vehicle selections I've seen from a racing game in many years. I bought this game expecting something to improve upon FM5 and GT6, both in terms of control and experience. It's just awful. The engine noises are recycled from NFS: Unleashed 2 and the soundtrack appears to be as well, at least in terms of genre (but that's nitpicking).What isn't nitpicking is having 2 manufacturers from the US and Japan combined, while having many from the UK; Ridiculous. The controls are frequently praised but it has no option for clutch and it  feels like NFS unless all the assists are off, and even then it's just needlessly difficult without being rewarding. Lot's of tracks though which is nice. However, the visuals are either on par on below FM5, especially in terms of interiors (again, which seemed to be ripped from NFS UNleashed).Overall, don't buy this game unless you're some sort of PC-exclusive♥♥♥♥♥who hasn't played FM5 or GT6 and clinging to your only option for sim racing this gen. It's highly overrated and I really regret dropping 50 dolars on this without doing my research first.Don't make the same mistake I did. If you're in the mood for a decent PC racing game I would actually recommend NFS Unleashed 2 on PC, the car selection is superior in terms of breadth, just turn off the loud ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who talks to you.GO GO GO! YOU'VE GOT THIS!♥♥♥♥ me. And while you're at it turn off the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who talks to you in the game too."
,Not Recommended,234630,15782485,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Conjure Phantasm,This not a sim at all. You either have grip or have none. FFB is pretty god awful.Basically every car feels like you're driving a mid engined car with a 2 foot wheelbase and infinitely stiff suspension. That's the way it feels from the wheel.FFB options are convoluted and nothing at all like ANY other sim I've played.The devs are totally unprofessional♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and this game is truly a terrible racing sim.
,Not Recommended,234630,16562480,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,UNDER8ED,"I pre-ordered this game, and the first 4 hours of gameplay were good. Shortly after that. I ran into bug after bug. Bugs that literally completely delete your etire career progress without any warning and you have to start the gamplay from scratch all over again. Cars go through mandatory pit stops, and come out with FLAT tires!! I am not making this up guys... Over 70+ hours in this game. I regret ever purchasing this overhyped epic FAIL. Online gameplay is terrible. The paddle shifter in some cars just rotates like its broken during gameplay. Huge mess, these guys don't know how to write working code, or fix any bugs. Every patch they release makes the game much worse NOT better. Don't buy this junk. Get something better. Trying to replay a saved replay video of a race causes the game to crash every single time. Lightly Mad Studios should never attaempt to make another game. Truly pathetic fail. Epic though."
76561198175403697,Recommended,234630,15832239,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Arch.11,It's a damn great game!I think it will be better with more road car
,Not Recommended,234630,16339498,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Reboobler,Simply awful.
76561197962315969,Recommended,234630,15817377,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Denzilator,This is the best racing game every produced in the history of computer racing games bar non. I have played them all from Revs to Grand Prix to AC and for sheer enjoyment and the feel of racing its amazing. Also the graphics are nothing short of stunning.Just buy it you will not regret it
,Recommended,234630,15822602,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hurrajj,Best racing sim I've tried period.
76561198134543271,Recommended,234630,15794022,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Tcaptain10,"Amazing game, online is a bit laggy though"
76561198075318885,Recommended,234630,15850281,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Magna_Draco,"i have read some comments about 360 controlers not working, well they work just fine! game runs smooth A.I. is mean and nasty,they will beat your♥♥♥♥♥♥into the wall for the win"
76561198169040639,Not Recommended,234630,17987725,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,nooBloodshot,pretty bad game/// i dont recommend to any one.graphix=bofdriving=boffun= not muchcant customise cars... you dont get any thing for completing races. if you wanna drive and nothing else i guess youll like it.carrer part of game is really bad.
76561198163265751,Not Recommended,234630,19839235,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,nurb,This game is awful. I feel like the DLC content is garbage and the sounds for cars in the game arent correct. Worst purchase for a racing sim. Go get yourself Assetto Corsa or Stock Car Extreme. Much better sims.
,Recommended,234630,20626094,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Godislove4u,if u heard about elite dangerous this is the car version about the best car game racing simulator out there and ready to go full oculus rift support of of the best vr experinces that and elite dangerous i love people because Jesus loves me
,Recommended,234630,32295337,Posted: 9 June,all,Gl0ven,By far the best racing simulator on steam.
,Recommended,234630,17141441,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Gharac Durac,A great racing game.
,Recommended,234630,15787670,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Le Quack,I love this game! <3
76561198095922680,Not Recommended,234630,15851785,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rvesssimon,no good keeps crashing smame sa ride
,Recommended,234630,15865779,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sinanovski,This sim gets a YES from me any time any place! Worth every penny.
76561198065419151,Recommended,234630,15861956,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,itye1970,"awesome, better than Asetto Corsa so far.Excellent graphics, for my system its like watching a real race with 2 x geforce 980 cards with all options on full and no slowdown at all even with 25 carsLike that touring cars are also included, I don't believe assetto corsa has any touring cars!Great they even got a Ford Escort MK1! how awesome is that :-)Plenty of options, plenty of cars and tracks and most importantly amazing fun.I hope they add more retro saloon cars in future downloads, all in all the best car racing sim in my opinion on a par with RACE07 and just ahead of Stock Car Extreme1. Project Cars/Race072. Stock Car Extreme3. Assetto Corsa"
76561198078126369,Recommended,234630,15826555,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DumDeeDum #oJ,"In terms of graphics it is absolute masterpiece. In terms of physics it feels weird to me, if SMS could use physics engine from rFactor/GTR2/Race 07(gMotor2) with option to race with easy AI for new people or people who would like to relax then it would be best sim racing game ever IMHO. I would buy that.IMHO maybe this game is nice to relax and see beautiful landscapes with some easy AI. Still prefer some different kind of physics like in rFactor. I understand it was hard for devs to implement it, but to me it just don't feels right.Pros:- menu music(soundtrack) - great- it is amazing how game maps buttons on wheel and pedals automatically  to navigate menu - it is the best navigation I ever seen. Very intuitive and great(do other sim tiles support this?)- game menu looks beautiful- career mode - it is awesome(sim titles lack such mode)- graphicsCons:- no ""manual control"" in pit- kart physics doesn't feel right to me, did they made it to make it easier?- physics (tire temps seem weird to me, are you sure it is indeed correct values?)- during shifter kart racing display sometimes is barely seen, so I had to move gear and speed indicators to center- too much NVIDIA posters on some tracks(there are also Project CARS flags, but it is fine comparing to NVIDIA ones)- don't buy this game if you have AMD GPU, hopefully they get fixed it, so everybody can play itFor new players: make sure to calibrate wheel and pedals."
76561197996139786,Recommended,234630,16700556,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Insomniac,"IT'S NOT JUST A GAME, IT'S REAL RACING SIM..."
,Recommended,234630,15821344,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ashley Schaeffer,"Absolutely amazing. The detail, the visuals, the sound. I'm not huge on racing games, I usually stick to the F1 franchise but this game is without doubt brilliant. I just wish I could find more time in the day to play."
,Recommended,234630,15862172,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Xenox,"Very well made racing game. The graphics , The racing and all around just driving joy.. The handling is tricky to get the feel for at first but once you understand the realistic handling mechanics of the game you'll be spinning out really fast laps in no time. I love the realism of the game most of all. Very solid steering feel even with a controller. Also I love the amazing weather effects."
,Not Recommended,234630,25367345,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,LP-RIPPER24,UNTIL THEY FIX THE HANDLING AND PHYSICS THIS GAME IS  BASICALLY TAKING UP SPACE ON MY HDD
76561197993862781,Not Recommended,234630,25681806,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,UNbat,"Very nice track and cars but the game is stupid with the pits and all the weird stuff.  The worst it is the interaction with other cars, you will always hit the wall the wrong way and facing the wrong direction.  Why are they so stupid to think that we will have fun playing with the worst result in a crash?  Fun if you do not crash!  Grid Auto sport is many times better."
,Not Recommended,234630,18267755,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,CJ,"Not very happy with this game. I tried to set it up with my mouse, and the input is simply laggy.I spent more time in the menus than actually playing it, because the controls are not comfortable at all, i don't feel like i driving. I don't get why is it so difficult to solve mouse control like it is in LFS."
76561198115218999,Not Recommended,234630,29818403,Posted: 9 February,all,1badcar,"I can't recommend this game as it's very hard to play in that I don't mean the game itself but rather I mean you can't skip the very long intro, the menus are very hard to navigate, The game is a crash fest at least for me it was, options can't be changed on the fly you have to restart the game every time And more on the crashing..... it likes to crash every time I close the game and even one time it shut my computer down for whatever reason. The only way anyone could like this game is if all they were looking for was a good looking almost real to life race simulator........ when it works that is. I'm going to have to pass on this one and look for another alternative."
,Not Recommended,234630,22961649,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shababz,"Just tried this with my HTC Vive.  Instant nausea.  I been looking forward to a decent racing game but this won't cut it.  Cabin view is wonder and crisp but the track view is unplayable.  You can barely see into the distance, it's almost impossible to know where you going.  Extremely disappointing!  I have also tried LFS and it's way better in that regard but the graphics aren't nowhere near project cars.  I am requesting a refund at this point."
,Not Recommended,234630,19298280,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Boogie,game sucks requested a refund
,Not Recommended,234630,29743442,Posted: 6 February,all,rebelyorkshire,3 words: Stupid Nickname Censoring!
76561198122029276,Not Recommended,234630,15815919,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,mroldsch8l,What a rip off. ! Is there a chance for a refund ?  Please make sure that you manage to test demo first somewhere otherwise you'll be very disappointed.  Also make sure you at least own 980 GTX for low details and GTX Titan X for medium details. Impossible to play on full without SLI solution. Game/race mode is also bad. Waste of money.
76561197977407143,Recommended,234630,15767210,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,cmdresnullius,Good driving game.Worth a buy.Best to use driving wheel and pedals for a better experience.
,Recommended,234630,15781473,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,5¢BAZOOKA,"This is the most realistic racing game I've ever played and it's really fun and all, but it's not saving for some reason. And it kind of upsets me that I payed full price for a game that won't save. It may have to do with the fact that I have the game running on a seperate hard drive then what my opperating system is opperating on. But that shouldn't be a problem because having multiple hard drives is a standard now. It's a great game so far but I'm actually very upset with the game for not saving."
,Recommended,234630,15806489,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JConrad,"This game is pretty great.  I have only noticed a few colision issues with cars drving through the front end of other cars.  All in all its a pretty good game.  I love the car variety and the amount of tracks.  I like all of the config options on the system as well.  i found a good mix of a cross between Forza (with the green, yellow, red arrows) and Driveclub (AI control) that makes me happy.  i love the fact that there are so may camera views.  normally there is only one in car camera but in this game there  are normally 3.  Love it."
,Recommended,234630,15829038,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,dydx.,"What I've been waiting for all these freaking years, in a PC racing simulator. However, they need to work out the stability of the game and the completely destroyed pits."
76561197978960229,Not Recommended,234630,16540079,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(wsc) shunner,great racing game but there was only 5-7 lobbies at best online.........
76561198043894260,Recommended,234630,15719646,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,xjpanikx,SO FAR SO GOOD. THERE IS NO BETTER PC DRIVING GAME OUT THERE ON PAR WITH FORZA IF NOT BETTER 10\10 FROM ME.
,Not Recommended,234630,15809535,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,DrGudTimes,"The AI are horrible, they just boot you off the track, please make proper penalties so i can get through a race without getting hit off the track by another car"
,Recommended,234630,16543903,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cobavnij_V4,Awesome simulator! I tried a few competitors like ac and this blows them away
76561198015762518,Recommended,234630,15742918,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,D3aNo,Good Game 9/10if you enjoy racing games get this !!!!
,Recommended,234630,15780690,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dunsparth,Best game i have ever purchased i plan on purchasing a logitech g27 just because of this game.Will have many many hours put into this one day.The physics the controlling of the vehicles the graphics the sounds everything bodyroll the way the cars look its all perfect the best racing game in the world is this.If you are serious on wanting to learn how to race or even just want to have fun and be competitve online this game is perfect for any car enthusiast
76561197972318613,Recommended,234630,16256530,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,CaptBusa,"I bought Assetto corsa thinking this was the bees knees not any more Project cars is the ultimatedriving sim an absolute gem of a driving sim if you are thinking of buying Project cars do so you willnot be dissapointed, FANTASTIC."
76561198073013824,Recommended,234630,16868427,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,xXMrSimpleXx,"Hey!So I bought project cars today, played it a lot. I love this game!The reason is the really good simulation to real life!But you should use a good racing wheel.(I use Logitech G27)"
,Recommended,234630,15746140,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NvZoom,Well Leages need to be in and No Steam friends adding and we got a 10/10 game!
,Recommended,234630,17468982,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,AmericanSniper,great game
76561198074492050,Recommended,234630,17974577,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,WILLIBINGO,~the greatest racing simulator so far including everthing
,Not Recommended,234630,20811348,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,sDIP,it takes long time to start it up
76561198026184898,Not Recommended,234630,26094741,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,localizethis,"Graphics on Vive are a grainy, blurry mess even with settings mostly maxed. Issues with frame loss and stuttering also make the game unplayable unless Anti Aliasing is set to off, therefore making it the grainy mess it is. All and all, I wish I could get my money back and try Assetto Corsa or Iracing instead. I feel jipped!"
,Not Recommended,234630,28614803,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪ Nerd Police,This game constantly drops my USB devices.  The VR compatibility is garbage.  The physics are flat and boring and do not even come close to the competition.  Get Assetto Corsa or Dirt Rally if you want to have fun.
,Recommended,234630,21057654,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Pinboi,8/10 because no VTEC
,Recommended,234630,17986423,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,|poop|,Easily one of the best racing games I've ever played!
76561198116348220,Not Recommended,234630,29814645,Posted: 9 February,all,JacktheRipper,"The handling on this game with a xbox 360 controller is so terrible that most cars aren't drivable on a lot of tracks, especialy the bumpy ones."
,Recommended,234630,15805490,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,My cat rules,What an acheivement. 9/10
76561198021913812,Not Recommended,234630,26070245,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nebula|Ryox,"CARS = Community Assisted Racing Simulator = lie.Slightly Mad Studios says:'Project CARS is not a GameWorks product. We have a good working relationship with nVidia, as we do with AMD, but we have our own render technology which covers everything we need.'Liars. So they put GW code and nVidia banners in the game for free ?'NVidia are not “sponsors” of the project. The company has not received, and would not expect, financial assistance from third party hardware companies.'Again, Liars. So they put nVidia banners in the game for free ?'The MADNESS engine runs PhysX at only 50Hz and not at 600Hz as mentioned in several articlesThe MADNESS engine uses PhysX for collision detection and dynamic objects, which is a small part of the overall physics systemsThe MADNESS engine does not use PhysX for the SETA tyre model or for the chassis constraint solver (our two most expensive physics sub-systems)The MADNESS engine does not use PhysX for the AI systems or for raycasting, we use a bespoke optimised solution for thoseThe physics systems run completely independently of the rendering and main game threads and utilises 2 cores at 600HzThe physics threading does not interact with the rendering, it is a push system sending updated positional information to the render bridge at 600HzAny performance difference with PhysX would not be reflected with differences in comparing rendering frame rates. There is no interaction between PhysX and the renderingOverall, PhysX uses less than 10% of all physics thread CPU on PC. It is a very small part of the physics system so would not make a visual difference if run on the CPU or GPU'This junk word says that this game still don't work properly on AMD hardware after plenty of time. I wish you all the best with pCars2 and I'm curious how will it goes sale"
76561197976566349,Not Recommended,234630,27562674,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark Knight,"Just got the game during the fall sale and it's freaking crashing. I can't even finish 1 race. This game is like over a year old, it should not be crashing."
76561198152464872,Not Recommended,234630,32347934,Posted: 11 June,all,boris2112,"Great driving game.  Ranks right up there with the best I have ever played.  Totally ruined by the AI.  No matter how much you try to avoid them you cannot fight for position with them.  The AI program should be named black flag cause that is all they do.  tried to play at 100 for ai difficulty and had no problem making a good race of it till you start to battle one then they just wait to tap you at a turn and race over.  Only solution I have found is to turn the AI down to 95 and always get pole position, and always lead.  BORING.  Online againest humans is good when you can find a good race but that is only a small part of the game and makes this game totally not worth it in my opinion.  Total let down"
76561197971977149,Not Recommended,234630,23817593,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NoobieKuan,"Boot up the game, try with few different cars. Not impressed. One may argue that you need to speed time to setup up the FFB before you can ' feel' the car. But IMO you should be able have a ball park idea how the phyics and FFB is like even with the default setting. For Project CARS, they 'all' feel the same. The FFB is LAZY. Honestly the default FFB feels like SHIFT with X2 center spring, it just feels heavy with lots of clipping. Control profile option is non-existence. You can remap any pre-set profile, but are only allowed to remap one at any given time, which means you cannot have more then one custom profile. Guys who have multiple input devices (e.g. more then one shifter) and try to setup different control profiles for different type of cars will be outta luck. Clearly designed for console and didn't even bother to add this option for PC users. A glorified Gran Turismo and Forza, nothing more.Update: After the previous refund I bought the game again on a sale for under 10 buck and spent some time on the wheel setup. Overall it does feel a little better, but it still lacks detail on my wheel. But one of the main reason I want to try it again was because of the native VR support. Unfortunately it's badly optimized. AC and Dirt Rally run way smoother and looks better. And those 2 titles doesn't even natively support my Vive and need a third party work around. RaceRoom Racing, even at their early first pass of VR support looks better in VR IMO. May be it's just me that I wasn't able to find the right settings. But after so many hours spent on the settings I'm just gonna give up. I tried to like it, I really did."
,Not Recommended,234630,29437657,Posted: 22 January,all,TwoBit,already bored of it
76561198060385206,Not Recommended,234630,19103913,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Weirdo Joker,NOW IT STARTS TO NOT LOAD... BUT WOW STILL WORKS DAY IN AND OUT... STEAM ARE SELLING STUFF THAT MESSES UP AND WON'T FIX... WHAT A RIP OFF... NO MORE BUY FROM STEAM
76561198150942068,Not Recommended,234630,19051142,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Simos Bourbo,I cant play it.The max fps that i saw was 25 and i putted all the settings in low.
,Recommended,234630,20294157,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stimor,Tried the career mode and already the first race fails to load 10/10 buy buy buy!
76561197969066488,Recommended,234630,16878429,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Warlok,Get a wheel and ... Race your lil heart out. This game is a Lot of fun. pick it up on special.
,Recommended,234630,16883174,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Glass,gg m8 good game 10/10 will fap agian
,Recommended,234630,16254076,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SkellyJelly,"9/10Great game, fantastic physics, stunning graphics. This is the racing sim to rule them all. Everything in your car moves and shakes - the hood, the door mirrors, you can hear the grinding and rustling of metal when you let go of the pedal at high speeds. This game really takes the cake for realism.The car variety is lacking, but only in that it doesn't have the big names like Ferrari or Lamborghini. If you are into the racing and racing career simulating aspect, then you'll find the car variety to be more than plenty (lots and lots of GT3 cars to choose from, as well as LMP and classic cars, there are few road cars however). Remember that you also get 1 free car each month, so don't let the car list spoil your view of the game.The game has a few bugs here and there, but nothing catastrophic that won't be patched has affected me yet."
,Recommended,234630,17574954,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Abradolf Lincler,"One of the best racing games I ever had, Money well spent!"
,Recommended,234630,17011339,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,funkymunk989,what can i say ??? WICKED GAMEeverything about this game is A1i love it
76561197969309901,Recommended,234630,15796901,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,BulletRidden,"A must buy... Great graphics, sound, realisim. Truly impressive. Can be driven with a keyboard, would recomend a steering wheel, with pedals. the detail to the cars, best.."
,Recommended,234630,15724669,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,petjdm,The best race sim so far ;) worth the wait!
76561197962150203,Recommended,234630,17244862,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,QUACHIMBA,Anyone who gives negative reviews doesn't know what they are talking about. Project Cars is the best along with Assetto Corsa. Nothing even comes close. I play P-Cars and Assetto in tandem because i love the Nissan GTR and its not there in P-Cars then again i love the bentley too which isn't in Assetto Corsa. Overall for gameplay graphics and sound this game gets 9/10
76561197977500388,Recommended,234630,17967980,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,BoB,"[Very slowly]Beep beep beep beepHis horn went beep beep beepWhile riding in my CadillacWhat to my surpriseA little Nash Rambler was following meAbout one third my sizeThe guy musta wanted to pass me upAs he kept on tooting his hornI'll show him that a Cadillac is not a car to scornBeep beep beep beepHis horn went beep beep beep[Slowly]I pushed my foot down to the floorTo give the guy the shakeBut the little Nash Rambler stayed right behindHe still had on his brakeHe musta thought his car had more gutsAs he kept on tooting his horn (beep beep)I'll show him that a Cadillac is not a car to scornBeep beep beep beepHis horn went beep beep beep[Normal speed]My car went into passing gearAnd we took off with gust (whoosh)Soon we were going ninetyMusta left him in the dustWhen I peeked in the mirror of my carI couldn't believe my eyesThe little Nash Rambler was right behindYou'd think that guy could flyBeep beep beep beepHis horn went beep beep beep[Quickly]Now we were doing a hundred and tenThis certainly was a raceFor a Rambler to pass a CaddyWould be a big disgraceThe guy musta wanted to pass me upAs he kept on tooting his horn (beep beep)I'll show him that a Cadillac is not a car to scornBeep beep beep beepHis horn went beep beep beep[Very quickly]Now we're going a hundred twentyAs fast as I can goThe Rambler pulled along side of meAs if we were going slowThe fella rolled down his windowAnd yelled for me to hear""Hey buddy how do I get this car outa second gear?"""
76561198089369471,Recommended,234630,15757730,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BrassMonkey,Best pc racing sim ever!!! Nothing Ive ever played with a wheel has ever felt this good!!
76561197961519566,Recommended,234630,15793371,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Hairy_Satchel,I love this game. One of the best racer to date and nothing seriously wrong with it that a patch can't fix. Excellent tract and car selection. The weather engine is the best I've every seen in any sim game period!
,Recommended,234630,15882009,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Porky Poog,Project Cars? More like Project GlitchThem graphics tho
76561198032806964,Recommended,234630,17114197,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RTS2468,"This game is great. When I first ran this game, it was just amazing how field of view changes as you drive. That one effect truly changes how the game ""feels"". The Cars are beautiful and realistic. The tracks are accurate and detailed. My only ""con"" would be the Career mode. I wish I could choose where to start off in my Career, not everyone starts off in karts, only EU racers start in circuit karting. I wish I could go straight to open wheel cars. Other than that, this is the best car/racing sim I have ever played."
76561198127559577,Recommended,234630,17532045,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jacklegkaze,"I know, I know it's probably been posted before, but I'll say it again.  It's the closest thing to Forza on PC.I just need to get a Logitec wheel already, so I can really play it.  Without a good wheel, everything just feels wrong in a sim racing game to me."
76561198085197751,Recommended,234630,17883580,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,[M]SeVeN,Underrated.
,Recommended,234630,19222681,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,The Dude,"There is an abbreviated 'In Conclusion' if you would rather scroll down to it than read all the way through  :-)So before Project Cars, the only racing game I played was GRID 2. That was only because I was interested in trying a racing game for the first time since the first Gran Turismo released on Playstation 2. I'll break down my review in to segments for simplified reading. Also, because this will be my first real review for a video game on Steam, I'm simplifying it for writing too :P- Visuals: 9.3 / 10Beyond crisp and handsome, Project Cars brings vehicles to life in a dynamic world of shifting storms and sunlight often viewed through the digital haze of high octane racing fuel floating in the air. I could not believe how real the cars look in 2160p. Most games I play in UHD are pretty, yes, and are full of crip, detailed polygons that offer increased immersion to whatever experience is already present. But PC's detail is lifelike. That dedication, as I'm sure it required to create, is very much valued by myself as a person who spent good money on a system capable of showing me the finest level of resolution currently supported by most games. Bravo ladies and gentlemen of this game's developers. You've created a work of visual art.- Difficulty versus Capacity: 9.5 / 10What I mean by that is how well created is the toolset provided by gameplay to combat and conquer the difficulty presented by the game's various challenges. This is a serious criterion in my book. If a game is presenting challenges that the player cannot overcome, no matter his or her skill level, that sucks all the fun out of completing a game. Not to mention the fun in getting good enough to complete a game at it's pinnacle difficulty. So, does Project Cars provide you with the toolset needed to conquer even the hardest circuits at the highest speeds? Absolutely. In fact, as many of you may already have heard, the level of customization that you can affect per car setup is nearly too much. Fortunately for me, I have experience as an automotive technician. So much of the jargon presented in the setup screens is something I'm either familiar with or know entirely. But I can imagine something like how large your master cylinder is, and how that will affect your car, will not be a no brainer for many people. Fortunately there is a description of what the primary setup options do and will provide you with the basic knowledge needed to adjust the sliders competently. For the most part, you will not need to go deep in to this system to win races at the harder difficulties. Simply adjusting down force independantly, traction slip, MC size, and the other primary settings will make the changes you need to adjust on the tracks that need them. For a quick example, then I'll move on, Azure Circuit is a brutal LMP1 track for your first time. Especially when it rained on three of my four segments during the series. Keeping rain tires, maximum downforce, lowering tire pressure for more grip, increasing my master cylinder to 97%, and dropping the slip to 4% did the trick for me. Semi-pro tip: lowering your tire pressure by a few PSI increases grip IRL as well as in game.- Simulation: 9.8 / 10Does this game capture what racing a Mclaren F1 through Laguna Seca feels like? I wish I knew. But this game does capture some very significant physic factors that other racing games I've read about do not. When your tires are cold they will not perform as well as when they are warm, when your brakes overheat due to too riding them like a clutch your first time in a five-speed, they start getting squishy and you start getting closer to that wall. Extra aerodynamic downforce does cause your top speed to lower and acceleration to lower a little bit as well, but it also keeps you more stable at those higher speeds as does it help you keep traction when you open your throttle extra wide coming out of a tight corner. Cooler weather does allow for quicker lap times to a degree (so to speak) and extra hot weather causes all kinds of problems. Rain is a ****. Project Cars captures all of these facts of driving physics in a way that is tangible and, thanks to it's depth, adjustable and addressable. This is something I really appreciate out of a game that calls itself a racing game and simulator. That it offers the option of not having to deal with all of these issues in their fullest form was a very smart choice by developers as well. Not everyone will want the full force of physics punching them in the **** every few corners. And there is a great deal of variance between each extreme, allowing for you to very accurately select where you want your experience to exist between a racing game and a racing simulator.I'll leave my categories at just those three as I imagine 1 in 150 people will read this all. The only thing I want to criticize about Project Cars is it's lack of representatives from American auto manufacturers. I, for one, adore the Viper TA and ACR. A true race car in production car guise, and it has a fantastic GT3 variant that would have fit in nicely among the others. That's just one example. Ford does have a show of cars here, but there is no Dodge (arguable that the Viper would be the only worthy contender from Dodge). There is no Chevrolet, and Chevy has been making some fantastic pony cars, muscle cars, sports cars, and track cars the last few years. The Camaro SS (both the LS3 and Alpha platform with the LT1), Corvette C7 Zo6 & Stingray, and the Camaro Z/28 with it's free revving LS7 and tremendous track performance should have all been there. I understand there is not always a way to get liscensing for using their names, but aliases with slightly different looking variants would have worked perfectly (like they did for a few others). This isn't a big issue but it's something I certainly missed not having the option to drive.- In Conclusion:  9.5 / 10This game should be the new standard for all racing games that desire to include any measure of sim in their description. There are one hundred steps between easiest and hardest, a hundred tuning options, dozens of cars that all drive according to the physics behind them, and tracks that are as stunning to behold as they are to experience. I highly recommend you purchase this title if you are considering a racing game. I cannot imagine anyone will be let down by this accomplishment in gaming.Edit:There is now a US car pack! Corvette C7R (Thank you!), Cadillac ATS-V.R GT3, and a new stock car in the Ford Fusion Stock Car! I retract my statement about the lack of American contrast to this extent: There is only one car missing now and it is either the Viper TA or the Viper ACR."
76561197979730737,Recommended,234630,15792731,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Goosey,"One of the best Racing Sims ever made. Some may argue iRacing is a more true simulator but the problem with iRacing is the lack of cars, AI, Offline Seasons, and WEATHER... I'm talking awesome weather! Plus you have to pay for every freaking thing in iRacing, it's a rip off. Project CARS for me is 10x better and when you factor in the development probably still to come it's way out front in the Sim racing world. All this said and I can''t even run the game on medium to high settings... It looks that good on low settings, stunning!"
,Recommended,234630,15997095,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,BlueSteelAUS,"Great racing simulator, so many cars to choose from in solo / practice. Just started my carrier and i'm already number 1 in the carts"
,Recommended,234630,17080342,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Money,The only racing sim you need in your steam library10/10would bang again
,Not Recommended,234630,20648352,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,|lulz|Bearlodge,"I was really looking for a game similar to GT6/Forza 6 but alas, this game is nowhere close. The amount of cars is only about 75 compared to forza's ~500 and Gran Tourismo's 1000.  That was something I liked about Gran Tourismo, you could race everyday cars as well as super cars. This game is lacking some major cars brands that I think should be a staple of any racing title such as Ferrari and Lamborghini, but aslo brands like Dodge, Chevy, and Nissan.  From a control and physics standpoint, the game feels sort of clunky and like everything is over exaggerated.  What would be a mild loss of control in other games turns into a full on 720 degree spin-out in this game.  Using a keyboard is useless for this game and a gamepad is not the best.  I havent tried using a wheel/pedal setup as I don't have that but a game that can only be played using that equipment really limits the customer base.  The graphics are nothing to write home about, but they are fairly good.  Thankfully I haven't experianced many of the game breaking bugs other users have reported but this game still isn't what I was hoping for.Overall, its not a terrible buy, but I would never pay full price for it. 2.5/5"
76561198043425597,Not Recommended,234630,21111173,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Berserk,"Just a heads up, if you use a gamepad, this game is unplayable. I understand that in-depth adjustment of settings may resolve issues, however should you have to do this throughout the game on a constant case-by-case basis?"
76561198063555079,Recommended,234630,18862638,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sralick,Nice Game
,Recommended,234630,20180921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,iamfeck,"After 25+ years of being around computer games in one form or another I recently stumbled upon the SimRacing scene. The game that helped to differentiate a sim from an arcade racer was Project Cars. It cannot be defined as a pure sim nor can it defined as a pure arcade racer, hence the title simcade that sometimes crops up in reviews. I found this game to be enjoyable after I had read up on how to tweak the FFB. It is one of those games I goto when I have less than 2 hours to play. Certainly not groundbreaking although pretty, definitely interesting from the WMD perspective and what the community have put into the game and a good place to get to grips with a wheel and pedals for noobs like me. I would reccomend this as a light racer and an introduction to the world of simracing. For sure there are way better racing titles around but this does what it says on the tin and it does it well. Better with a wheel and pedals than a controller and as far as KB and mouse goes, just don`t!"
,Recommended,234630,20979792,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,farmer jack,great game me and my friend callum got the radbull...... we coudnt drive in a strait line!
,Recommended,234630,21036054,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ian Beale,"Firstly, I love this game because you can drive all over Europe. You have to manage your money, and make sure that, when you get out a loan from the bank, you have enough money to pay it back, or are at least making enough daily profit to pay it back.You also manage a business. You can hire drivers to work for you, and they will complete jobs for you, but you have to pay them a wage, plus some for every journey they complete. You level up they skills, that make them be better at certian things, like you can make them earn more money for going over a set distance, or you can make them carry high value or fragile cargo. They can also carry ADR materials, so things that could be dangourous. But you get paid more for that.You can always do 'Quick Jobs', and these are when the employer provides the truck, and you just go where they tell you. This is fun, but it starts to get boring, only doing short deliverys, so you can buy a truck, so that you can go further distances, and get more money.To conclude, I feel that anybody who likes games like Farm Simulator, or any simulator game should give this game a try, because it is a great way to unwind after a long day, and I have found it to be so much fun and very calming. Some people say that this is a boring game, I happen to disagree."
,Not Recommended,234630,28187062,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,߷James_Mayonnaise߷,gg
76561198007625201,Recommended,234630,18023659,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,d4rck_ghost,"a lot beter then assento corsai know what im talking about, i got them bouth"
,Not Recommended,234630,25348615,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,josh,Didn't work for me as I only have a Vive and so couldn't actually drive the car. Maybe better if you have a keyboard/mouse or steering wheel?
76561198179656347,Not Recommended,234630,28916169,Posted: 1 January,all,smastershake,"This should be called: expensibe cars game. stick with forza. controls are bad, car selection is bad, and game play is also bad."
76561198066983923,Recommended,234630,18029859,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,M@huRora,"The graphics are marvelous, excellent adopatation of real word tracks, enjoyable driving experience... Though huge lack of cars (now being added by DLC) and contents, especially compared to those games like Forza motorsports or Gran Turismo series.I'm looking foward for future improvements and further extension of the gaming experience so better improve."
,Recommended,234630,21066496,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rybn64,"This game is fun for days, and is also a game that you can go back to over and over again. If you have a decent graphics card, the game can run great."
76561197976589263,Recommended,234630,20181722,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MOSEZ__,Really like this game!! I have the Logitech G29 and H Shifter setup!! and it works beautifully!! finally a Racing game that offers good Steering Wheel support!! unlike GRID (all 3 ) where you have to spend 4 hours remapping every button in an xml file just to use the damm thing.. well played Project Cars!! very nice game
,Recommended,234630,17963503,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Noodlecake101,"Never try to race a Lotus 72D Cosworth around Cadwell Park as fast as possible, it doesn't end too well 10/10 would crash again."
76561198196971177,Recommended,234630,23594849,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,hoota1231,"I haven't played this yet as I just ordered the Logitech Playstation 3 driving force GT racing wheel, I hope this is a fairly good one for this game. Is there any place that says what Steering wheels that works for this game? I couldn't except for $300+ ones I can only afford $100 max? Anyone know if this can be upgraded to work with the Playstation 4?"
76561198261752854,Not Recommended,234630,34538740,Posted: 27 August,all,terence.noonan,"Twitchy to the point of being unplayable with an Xbox 360 controller, huge deadzone when playing with a wheel. Waste of money even at 10 dollar sale price."
76561198088767929,Not Recommended,234630,34701125,Posted: 2 September,all,jackryan529,Even though it Shows my Steering wheel in the control section - IT Does Not Work..So that Sucks bad.
76561197970501186,Recommended,234630,20475694,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,unreal_0,Hammer !
76561198252306892,Recommended,234630,20497632,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ryanme,Really cool game! Really great car and track lineup and so many fun modes!
76561197966418087,Recommended,234630,20500810,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Η.Ξ.Λ.Τ,"Project Cars is the most advanced racing game to date.Developed by Slightly Mad Studios and a series of professional drivers to give you a stunning racing experience.The game features a massive list of exclusive vehicles, original tracks with beautiful and realistic surroundings, fully custom able vehicle settings and specifications, as well as real driving physics.Project Cars is the ultimate driving simluator."
76561198004849233,Recommended,234630,28337826,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,joeshifter,"Stop ♥♥♥♥ing around in the racing gaming world, get this game is just awesome. I drive race cars for a hobby , this game is the real thing, with right balance of fun and the edge of realism.Nothing get close. only the real thing that for most people is out of it's reality."
,Not Recommended,234630,24455701,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,nice,"If you are looking for a game to enjoy driving simulation, DONT LOOK HERE. This games have had many problematic issues for me, like the inabillity to go full screen, as well as the audio issues. And when i try to get a refund, it would only refund 14 dollars. What a joke of a game."
,Not Recommended,234630,32329782,Posted: 10 June,all,dpfonehome,VR REVIEW ONLYIf you love getting crazy motion sickness play this now.
,Recommended,234630,15759342,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bloodywall,"Physics physics physics.  Spot on!   Some glitches here and there, but pretty solid.  Great graphics and sound.  Best racing game to date in terms of physics."
76561198142639163,Recommended,234630,15767683,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,bamford656,"drove an Audi r8 on California highway, kissed a wall at 150kph, lost fronmt wheel and suspension fell out. tryed to finish track on 3 wheels while doing a burnout.....blew up engine before popping tyres.Excellent graphics, physicsall round top game10/10more cars would be nice - jap, us, aus"
76561198135114616,Recommended,234630,15757647,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Nomad,great graphics........ great game ..........;-)
76561198160292846,Recommended,234630,15748408,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,pedroroqueribeiro,Excellent simulator. The AI of the game allows everyone to have a close experience of what might be driving this kind of beast`s*. There`s only a gap.... the lack of gasoline and burned rubber smell ;)
76561198034615810,Recommended,234630,15756825,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TerrorTurtle46™,This is a really great game!It needs some work on some points but I really like this racing sim!
,Recommended,234630,29001594,Posted: 4 January,all,Desu Ex,"I'm puzzled. It's the best on the PC, yet it lacks so much to be even compared to Forza in terms of its content.7.5/10 - it could have been so much more..."
,Recommended,234630,15725293,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ajsbsd,Highly recommended!  Runs well on a modest AMD FX-6300/R270X
76561198009509929,Recommended,234630,15730077,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Avetorian -The Witch King-,"At the time I thought this was or could be the best racing game, but I realize it is not. Might want to wait for project cars 2.Ask yourself this, what makes a racing game good? Is it the cars? is it the handling of the cars? is it the level of customization, is it the typical grind? or the race enviornment? In my opinion its neither of these. And here is why. When a racing game is developed the most important aspect of a racing game is the race itself, it's not the cars and how they handle, it's not the customization and the upgrades, or even the tracks. It starts with the racing experience itself, Then it goes down to the physics and the content.This is where SMS nails it, Why was shift 1 so good? When it seemed to have less content than Gran Turismo or Forza, or even the earlier need for speed games or other racing franchises. Why was GTR2 from simbin a great game? It's because they nail the experience of being in a race and fighting for a championship. Qualifying is important, Weather is important, strategy is important. When to pit, the race starts the moment you determine what track your on.The sounds and the environment is done really well, you feel like you're in a race car, you can almost feel the raw power of these machines even though your experience is limited to that of a screen.Racing is more than just putting cars around a track, or through a street, it's about your own personal skill to handle these cars and make them go as fast as possible before you're connecting to the wall or edge of curb.  Your ability to adapt to a changing environment and re-act to a constant shifting atmosphere, overtaking a single car can be a challenege itself, defending your position is another challenge, avoiding obstacles or accidents that happen to other competitors on the track. This is a real racing game, it is the first game in a long time that I've played where racing is more important than just what you're driving and how it looks. Yes those things are important features, but nice looking and nice handling cars do not make up the meat of a racing game, its always going to be within the race itself.You can choose the level of difficutly and customize your experience to ease yourself into the game, one thing you might do best to remember, in a race, before competing against other drivers, you're always competing with yourself, and trying to overcome your limitations. Every milisecond counts, down to the wire. Just as it should be.What I like about this game.1. A variety of racing disciplines, classical cars, formula cars, GT cars and protoypes, even nascar, with more to come down the road.2, the physics of the game, everything is modeled very closely, you can even see the suspension shifting on the formula cars.3.  The graphics are amazing. I have a good computer, so I can run it on high, but there is still a setting my computer can't deal with. just crazyness is what that is.4. The sounds. From the roaring/growling/screaming engines to the suspension and the whining of the brakes. Very well done, this game can remind you that you are a human being straped in a machine full of fuel, flames and a rumbling engine. Even though you're not actually there.5. The weather, racing in a thunderstorm can actually happen in this game, and it's just insane to deal with. Weather is dynamic and can change, you can determine how fast the changes occur.6. The cars themselves ofcourse, that sauber c9, the lotus 98t, Formula A, and the other vehicles, very well done and modeled.7. The online racing is fun, raced with some friends and we had a blast, very easy to set up a race, doesn't take long to get one going and integrated well into the steam interface so it makes it very easy to organize a race with your friends, you can even have AI join in the fun.What I don't like about the game.1. The bugs, theres still a few glaring bugs in the game I found in the career mode, for instance some races have 1 qualifying round but 2 races. I make the top qualiying postion, win the first race, and the second race I start in last because I failed to qualify again? Guys, fix this career please.2. There is still some more to be desired in terms of cars, while we have a variety of disciplines, there's very few cars in each class, I don't believe that all 80000 people actually worked on this game.3.  The inablity to properly organize and manage setups for your cars. If I save a setup during a practice round, it doesn't save over all, I go to the garage, and the changes I made during practice are not there. The menu could be better.4. THe cars don't perform according to there stat sheet. Why if a sauber c9 has a state of 254 mph, can't I get to go anywhere near 230? I can at most get to 215, not quite understanding this one SMS. What about the LMP cars? an R18tdi has a top speed of 210, yet it can barely go over 180 down the mulsanne.  I do not like that.5. No tutorial or help with tuning your cars, for the new and unitiated minds to racing, they have no clue how to set gear ratios or proper changes to downforce, suspension, tyre pressure, etc. there needs to be documentation on how to set up a car.6. Gamepad users suffer from horrible handling, two of my friends who play this game, can't drive their car straight, there's no prompt to calibrate their gamepad. I would highly recommend that a new gamepad or wheel user be prompted to calibrate their controls.7.the lack of an online co-op career or season mode. More online features need to be added here.That's about all for the things I don't like, they do not however make this game unplayable or a horrible game in it's own right, but it needs to improve, I hope that it will. I recommend this game to those who are fans of pure motorsport, who are a bit more understanding of how motorsport works, this isn't for the average gamer. That's what hurts this game the most, is that there's really no way for an avarage gamer to get acquainted with this game easily, they have to do a lot of research on the forums and the net to find out how to improve their experience. This needs to be resolved.This game is still a major wip, don't buy this if you are looking for a solid game with most features intact, while this is a good game its only for hard core racing fans."
76561197981903059,Recommended,234630,15724205,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,VictimSix,If you have reasonable expectations this game lives up to the hype. Runs very well.
76561198147502214,Recommended,234630,15724319,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DONNY DON,WHAT A GAME 10/10
76561198028014857,Recommended,234630,15723804,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Team_Spahr,"Simply put, the greatest driving game devs made the best driving game."
,Recommended,234630,15742164,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[PussyJuicers]Beep Beep,"Well... here's my review about project CARS.First things first...Assetto Corsa vs Project CARSI don't know why all the fuss about these two games. Although they both compete in the sim racing style... they are different!!!! Period!!!!For the naysayers.... Project cars is an harcore sim. No doubt about that. Either you don't know what a race sim is or you have never explored PCARS in it's essence. Yes, it has a simcade mode. If you try to captivate an audience you must develop something targeting all audiences. That's why it seems so easy drive in PCARS in it's default mode, Now.... go to options set drive aids to real, drive a Formula A car in thunderstorm weather mode and setup the various items in the car to make it more real (this is what a race simulator must be able to do). Then come back here and give your review again. The physics are pretty much real if not better than AC (i don't want to judge this because i never drove a race car for real, only my Subaru Impreza GT and it was street car). Anyway... saying that physics in PCARS are wrong is simply nonsense,Regarding force feedback issue... ffb it's there. Subtle but effective (Logitech G27 here). And that's a big drawback on Assetto Corsa... simply it doesn't feel real. Oh, and by the way... on AC i have my G27 configured with the specific suggestions of  the most prominent players of AC. Project CARS ffb is subtle but it does quite well what is supposed to do out of the box. All it's there except the crashes. I haven't dig in deep enough on this subject to tweak it and give it some more juice. I've been struggling with video settings to get the best compromise between beautyful graphics and performance targeting the 50-60 fps in my GTX 660 even with storm weather effects (i must forget about raindrops and grass detail... huge resource eaters).And here are the two major drawbacks of this game. Despite the fact that PCARS has amazing graphics it is a resource eater. SMS could have done a little bit more optimizing textures for mid-range GPU's. It seems legit to say that, if this game was targeted to all the audiences, it was a must do optimize graphics for mid range PC's.The other drawback was the sound. It didn't impressed me by a second. Despite the fact that engine sounds are near reality, the quality itself sucks!!!! It seems to have been recorded at 22.000 khz - 8 bits. Really???? I will give it another go via my Xonar D2X linked to my HT system and maybe i'll change this review but, in an all day system... sound quality sucks.I hope that SMS will patch a few thing to optimize this amazing game before PCARS 2 comes out. It was my first purchase of a SMS tittle. I wouldn't want to be the last.Cheers,Nuno"
76561198060237401,Recommended,234630,15766978,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dustin.williams87,Best racing game out right now
76561198167702794,Recommended,234630,15720458,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DreadMcLaren,"Fantastic game. Looks beautiful and flows very well. Physics are good. I'd say it's mostly sim with a very little hint of arcade feel to it. Really makes me think of a glorified PGR game. If you're a racing fan and/or were looking to pick this up, do it. One of the best racing games made to date. Slightly Mad Studios nailed it and has won my business in future titles."
76561198007255307,Recommended,234630,15767141,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tyl3r99,"[Release build review]Game is fun and looks beautiful, although i do think there are quite a few patches behind until it becomes a fantastic racing sim :)(cons)the handling is a bit twitchy and sometimes TOO rear end happy on some cars.The AI do bottleneck into the first corner on some trackstook me a while to get the game working with my G27(pros)looks amazingruns smoothly on my systemsome really nice soundsnot like forza or GT, this is purely for racersonline is very fun and meet some nice peopleAI are challenging for once... im sure there is more but im tired and want to go to sleep now"
,Recommended,234630,15975286,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Roadside_Racoon,"Great game all around if your looking for online play with your friends or singleplayer in the career mode. This game works VERY, VERY well with a steering wheel such as the logitech g27. The force feedback is amazing!- Offers a decent variety of cars, but more can be added- A large selection of tracks to race on- Great weather, time of day, and lighting effects- Option to tune your car according to weather and track conditions- Optimized quite well - Nvidia GTX 960 2GB runs 1080p @60fps Ultra Settings no problem8/10"
,Recommended,234630,15765329,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,zZ,"So Project CARS. Believe it or not, I found out about this game in April, and I had no idea that it had a BETA or that it was apart of NVidia's game list for GeForce experience. But soon, I learned that this game was super popular and I so I bought it a day after the release. Here's my thoughts.Pros:Great list of cars from all around the world. (RUF was NOT a brand I was expecting to see!)Amazing track list (I prefer Nordschleife)For a game that was recently released, its not TOO graphically demanding and playing with NVidia DSR is awesome on a GTX 970.Cons:You MUST readjust the settings for this game to be playable on an Xbox 360 Controller. Look up a guide on the forums for optimal settings.Input lag, not sure if it's the controller or the game. Not a deal breaker though.Overall: Good for people who like professional racing games. A car enthusiast and a gamer would love this game.Suggestion: Consider getting a racing wheel. Not in any way necessary, though."
,Recommended,234630,15765747,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,FatButFlexible,"Not a huge selection of cars, but this is by far the best and most in depth racing sim I have played."
76561198097957942,Recommended,234630,15793202,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,mickholmes76,"I have read some reviews complaining about things to do with their steering wheel or graphics card, even about Nvidia ads in the game....Seriously?! Your hardware not being good enough is no reflection on the game, maybe think about getting better hardware before you blame the game?. The game is excellent so far and I haven't experienced any of the bugs that some claim to get (although glitches and bugs are to be expected on pc games in the early days). By far the best racing sim I've played on a pc, the graphics are amazing and the physics are nothing to complain about. I am a die hard Gran Turismo fan but Project cars is a close 2nd to it. I thoroughly recommend this game to any car and race fan."
,Recommended,234630,17651459,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Rafaga Desintoxicante,"Great game, very realistic and engaging, fun and all, but it needs more content like cars and stuff, you really dont feel that your money pays up for the experience. That being said im a petrolhead so im obligated to say yes becaus it has the McLaren P1 gg est game ever."
,Recommended,234630,15796246,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Codewyn,"Project CARS is a sim to be reckoned with. While there are racers with more engaging visuals (i.e.: Driveclub - I know, different platform, but you can imagine a PC port), and yet others with more realistic mechanics (i.e.: Assetto Corsa, iRacing, etc.), where the competition is strong in one, they are usually decidedly weak in the other. Project CARS spans much of the space in between them, not falling significantly short in any major area, and makes a name for itself as perhaps the best next-generation racer overall. With updates sure to come, it has potential to outpace its competition on all levels."
76561198155642299,Recommended,234630,16603917,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gaizer,"I usually never write reviews but this one deserved my attention aka RAGE. If you are a racing game fan which like sims and enjoy having an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ watching beautifully crafted cars, then look no further. Only complain which is producing a huge ammount of RAGE and FRUSTRATION right now is the fact that the game have bugs, LOTS (not as fallout, but frustrating). example. AI should be better design to make it follow the road instead of cutting thru the grass and slaming into you just to pass. Second, mandatory pit stops constantly keep blowing my tires once im out back in the race and lastly, the game keeps freezing under different scenarios for example if i go to the options while on a race will freeze it, go the the pit settings will freeze it too. Please note that this last issue happens at random as I have not encountered the issue twice for the same circumstance as of now. Other than that, Great game, It just need some love from the developers to get this issues fixed."
76561198080133779,Recommended,234630,16622342,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Uno Laanmets,How can i unlock the career mode in project cars
,Recommended,234630,17589696,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Dave Shafer,love this game
76561197969478461,Recommended,234630,17896333,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nachosaurius,Best racing game for me!
76561198169115303,Recommended,234630,19257496,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BattleFlag,"I like to call this, a GTR 2 FIA Racing Simulator re-mastered.Good potatoe.1/1"
,Recommended,234630,20208560,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mcatScrub,"Pros:-Beautiful Graphics-Decent selection of cars-In-depth Tuning-Quite realistic FFB-Weather affects car performance-VR support-Multiplayer (online, private online, local and splitscreen)-Damage is good enough (Wheels & Body Panels can come off, suspension can be damaged...)Cons:-No Safety Cars-AI Ignores penalty systems-You get penalized if another player forces you off the track-Rolling starts often guarantee the 2nd place player gets to 1st when greenConclusion:Project Cars is a realistic racing game. While racing you must account for everything. This isn't another racing game where you can speed through corners to pass up other racers. One little mistake can cost you the race. So if you are looking for a racing experience that allows you to make many tests of trials and error to create your own personal setup. Then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,234630,21680501,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DarkMavrik,"This game could of been great, but to me it is far from worth the money. You are DLC'd for extra cars, then as I have a AMD card, my fps is great game looks amazing, in the middle of racing random stuttering. I would highly reccomend not touching this game unless it is on major sale as you will need to buy DLC for the complete game. Also no Linux version."
76561198060695718,Not Recommended,234630,24067281,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gummy Frupples,WHAT A MESSED UP GAME!!! I know I only played it for an hour but here is the thing if you like Racing sure go for it. If you hate racing well don't get this game I really wanted to try this and it was beautiful in VR too. The only thing is that I really am dissapointed with the Driving system with this game it is absolutely terrible it ruins the whole game and it's really hard to steer like that. I do not recommend this game even in VR it really is junk and only worth about 7.99 to me. Save your money and buy better Racing games out there or something else you enjoy.
,Recommended,234630,31682490,Posted: 11 May,all,Sina,"Handling is very dodgy in some cars, the physics are not right. Some cars handle nicely where others just are an unstable mess.If you can pick your way through the bad physics of some of the cars then you do have an enjoyable game but it is far from perfect.The Ai is not the best, with them essentially not even acting if you are there and thus punting you off track whenever they are behind you, some corners they will just always crash every lap making it a real pain if you are trying to qualify.Being a backer from closed alpha I can safely say this game had a lot of potential but simply put the physics have let this game down. But with your mates chatting on mic's with a certain car with specific rules it can be enjoyable."
76561198252990618,Recommended,234630,19197501,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Papa Weeb,Awesome
,Not Recommended,234630,21399352,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Drifter,Cant drift this game sucks.
,Recommended,234630,20163593,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Exodus,nice racing game but needs more car makers in it tho
,Recommended,234630,20187723,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Skyrim_Gamer74,"Fun game but dissapointing at the same time. So what's the problem? Car content is my main gripe or lack of car content that is. Where are cars like the Dodge Viper, the Lambo's and Ferrari's? The cars I like most are missing from this game and the cars it does have get's stale kind of fast. I dunno, am I missing something here? Or do they plan on selling them later in DLC packs? Anyway....+Pros++Graphically the game is stunning in detail.+The Go-Karts are fun as Hell to race.+works well with the XBOX One controller (does for me anyway)+plenty of graphic setting options.+Cons +Lack of content+The Go-Karts are almost more fun to race than the cars themselves+Will need a beefy PC to play this in all of its graphical glory.Now, do I recommend it? If racing is your thing, yes. However its debatable as whether to call Project Cars a true racing sim or not. It feels more on the arcade racer side to me even with the tweaking options you can do with your cars before racing. I recommend picking it up as long as its $20 or so."
,Recommended,234630,20188578,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kckazdude,"Just started this game but so far this has been the BEST racing SIM I have played in a very long time. If you have been waiting on a quality racing SIM that wasn't all F&F arcade flashy, this is IT!!"
76561198239427366,Recommended,234630,20193119,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,★ Koala ★ hellcase.com,nice games
,Recommended,234630,20223041,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Glorious Leader,I like Project cars. It has cars. I like cars.
76561197988508199,Not Recommended,234630,21355555,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BillyBongThorton,"If you dont have a steering wheel for this game. Dont buy it, its screwed up!! Constantly oversteers and Steam would not refund me the money because I was an hour over their return policy. WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT BUY IF YOU ONLY HAVE A CONTROLLER."
,Not Recommended,234630,22187967,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,craigcozze,No oculus 1.3 support
76561197991694982,Recommended,234630,17592078,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,GTsimms,"Closer to Real life, once you get everything setup compared to other sims! Glad to support the next title!"
76561198119280576,Recommended,234630,19922999,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HevanlyRealms7,"Perfect simulation game, really well developed must of been really expensive! Could be a little more game freindly though"
76561198079290349,Recommended,234630,19355386,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Masterpre™,amazing take a little to get used to but its amazing fun
,Recommended,234630,20061464,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,(Maxx),
,Recommended,234630,20176547,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,R34SPEC,"With over 100 hours, i can officially say that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. The sounds and graphics are on par, the gameplay is excellent and runs buttery smooth on a stevejobssweatbox (imac with 640m) and has a large collection of car raning from GT3 to road cars to Go Karts. Yes there are some bugs here and there and the new v8 ford sounds♥♥♥♥♥♥ but if you ignore all of that, you get a excellent racing (or somewhat drifitng) sim."
,Not Recommended,234630,26286757,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Justin Bieber,"This game feels great to drive, really challenging and responsive. I'm don't usually play car simulation games, but I felt like this would be a great buy. I like goals. Things I can achieve by getting better or progressing through the game. This has none of that, that's why I found myself wondering in the menu, what to even play? Shall I choose a random track and a random car while I admire the graphics and physics of the game. Or should I play against somehow really annoying AI. This game just wasn't for me and if you're someone who enjoys a game like Forza for its goals and kinda boring progression system, maybe this game isn't for you either."
,Recommended,234630,29792086,Posted: 8 February,all,Enforcer,Buy this game if your into circuit. Nothing to discuss really.
,Recommended,234630,19927393,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Stratular,Well what can I say.. this game has blown my mind so much.
76561198309067232,Not Recommended,234630,24263459,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,endzone1988,"Great game!But no, in game MUSIC!Really!  It's a simulation for crying out loud!At least give people the option! I look for one.You have this great intro music, then when you play the game, no music. that's a let down."
76561198082469462,Recommended,234630,29188756,Posted: 11 January,all,Albanian_Trademark,It feels like a BETA...
,Recommended,234630,31535216,Posted: 3 May,all,Toi Doi,Some of the best graphics I've ever seen in a game.
,Not Recommended,234630,33388492,Posted: 8 July,all,horiS,"Unrealistic unless you have a proper steering wheel, not worth the 30€ imo"
,Recommended,234630,32662318,Posted: 22 June,all,Air_Force_Pilot22,This game is so Realistic! Better then IRacing! I really love the DLCs!
,Not Recommended,234630,32755551,Posted: 24 June,all,DoctorBob,awful game cant make it around a track without spinning out or getting an invalid lap time no matter what car i use the only cars i have had fun in is the go karts
,Not Recommended,234630,32374089,Posted: 12 June,all,GoatWhisperer,"If you are looking for a casual racing game, this is not it. Game is good if you are into driving and realism, but it's hardly enjoyable if you just want to cruise a bit around in a race car. Plays poorly too on xbox 360 & steelseries stratus XL controllers due to sensibility, but you can get used to it with certain cars. I imagine this is not the case with a proper wheel though, since the game seems to be made for that. Performance is good and stable even on my i7 5500 2.4 ghz & nVidia 880M 2gb laptop, with on average 30fps on high settings.Overall I'd say get it if you are serious about this kind of game. Look for something else if you are a casual like myself."
76561198124153975,Not Recommended,234630,32772739,Posted: 25 June,all,Biff Bifferson,"As far as racing goes, this game sucks! Controll is lame at best and any touch of AI cars will most likely put off the track or in the wall."
,Not Recommended,234630,33318219,Posted: 6 July,all,Dus_Tier,the game is useless without an x-box controller
,Not Recommended,234630,33375248,Posted: 8 July,all,EcLiPsE_,"bought it to waste time untill forza mortorsport 7 and was thoughroly disapointed, incredably dull"
76561198020576757,Not Recommended,234630,34381364,Posted: 20 August,all,canaithlydian,"Ok, so after 16 hours I certainly cannot give an extensive review, but I have encountered a situation so frustrating that comes up again and again in the single player campaign that I can certainly give this little warning.First, the game's graphics are beautiful, and though there are some quirks to the physics, I feel the game has done a good job of presenting a driving experience that is enjoyable enough. The cars can be fun to drive. There are differences between the disciplines that are varied enough to present some challenges. You have to learn the difference between different types of cars. That, too, is well done.You sign up for a single player campaign and enjoy your way through the go-carts well enough. There are tweets about you and news articles tracking your progress. You get e-mails congragulating you and seem to be a part of some virtual racing universe. It's fun.Then, though, the campaign progresses into something like a virtual twisted universe of driving insanity.First, heaven forbid if you are ever not in the lead. The NPC drivers form what I came to call the ""Insanity Squad"", driving a line that ignores you completely. They ignore each other completely, too. It's not like a real race. It's more like a demolition derby on a track. It is so unlike a real race that any sense of immersion is just gone. The campaign becomes like an Alice in Wonderland of racing, because no behavior on the track makes any sense.After my second season, the twitter-like messages stopped making sense, too. The news articles weren't about me anymore, and I couldn't find my driver's name on any of the race results. I was in Wonderland, after all, tracking the progress of the instane drivers in a world in which I ceased to exist. Even my pit crew stopped talking to me. I was all alone.It was oddly lonely, which soon became oddly boring.The straw that broke the Camel's back came when I was invited to Formula 1 races. The Insanity Squad was now extremely fast. They were like missiles fired at me from behind. While I was trying to learn how to drive this formula 1 rocket ship, I was being pushed off of the track several times each lap by the insaity sqad.When I turned down their speed so that I could at least learn this new discipline, it started raining during my race, which threw my handling off so badly that I could not stay on the track when I was driving at anything approaching racing speed. The Insanity Squad was oddly unaffected by the weather, however, and they were now able to resume their bombardment of my car even though the skill level had been turned down.I tried that race several times, just wanting to get through it. I used rain tires and became familiar with exactly when the rain would get heavy. It was no use. It was as though the designers wanted me dead, even if it was death by boredom.So the insanity squad is getting their wish. I left Wonderland, wishing I had spent the money used to purchase this game on something, almost anything, else. So much potential was wasted because the NPC racers and the middle of the campaign became so detrimental to what they had done well. I actually prefer Gran Turismo 6 on the Playstation 3 to this craziness, which is kinda sad."
,Not Recommended,234630,32385719,Posted: 13 June,all,DreamChild77,"What can I say, its a beautifully wrapped turd.I have a T300rs which has better detail and response than the Fanatec CSR I had, which was better than my old Logitech G25. With the T300rs it really shows how bad the ffb is, I have tried a range of cars and tracks and to sum it up, if Assetto Corsa, Automobilista and Rfactor 2 were each a tasty pancake for breakfast, Project Cars tastes like cardboard. If the previous mentioned sims represented Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, purely comparing ffb Project Cars is like Goodle Cardboard in comparison.Here's why in my experience... In the above mentioned sims the ffb makes sense, you can tell what you are feeling through the wheel has come from data taken from what the actual car is doing but in Project Cars the ffb feels so fake and artificial like it isn't really linked to any realistic data which in turn gives the driver no idea what the car is actually doing other than what they can see and hear. Just take a look at how SM Studios made their tracks..... iv'e driven the laser scanned versions of the same tracks and non laser scanned tracks from other sims which some come very close but Project Cars...... what a complete hack job. The distances and elevations are so far out that it looks like they've literally slapped the tracks together, carelessly to somewhat look like how they are supposed to be. If this is how they did the tracks, how do you suppose the workmanship was on the ffb?Again, Project Cars is nothing but a pretty looking turd!"
76561197989405503,Not Recommended,234630,33117721,Posted: 1 July,all,avi,On Windows 10 game change my descktop wallpater to Windos 10 default desktop background.Ohhh why why !!!??? :)
76561198219942384,Recommended,234630,24017099,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,paul1987sk,nice love it
76561197970433771,Recommended,234630,23941571,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Neofightr,An outstanding race sim with terrific support for VR. Worth every penny.I can't wait for the sequel. Looks like Forza and Gran T. have some serious competition.
76561198033422304,Recommended,234630,20372501,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,varjolenkkari,5/7
,Recommended,234630,20453172,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Exiled†Sickness,"In the past, I had many problem with but now everything worksThe best racing game on pc you can have. great 5/5"
76561198254226018,Recommended,234630,20467998,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,乔布斯,"This game is abusolutely aaa~wesome!!!!Full marks!Especially the expressions of weather,So real !! I really love this game"
,Recommended,234630,24591481,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rowdy,"I only played Project Cars in Virtual Reality and let me tell you, this might have been one of the coolest experiences yet. Getting into the cockpit of supercar is a thrill in itself. Racing over a track in a kart made me giggle like a little girl.Watch my video on it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFxcDCiM_vw"
,Not Recommended,234630,21688676,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Whitias,"Here's the thing: If you like Gran Turismo, get rFactor. If you like Forza Motorsport, get Project Cars. If you hate both rFactor and Project Cars, get Assetto Corsa because you don't deserve true simulators.However, i can't recommend Project Cars over rFactor.Most of the physics have been redone from scratch, but the gravity physics were took from Need For Speed Shift 2, and thanks to that, oversteering and countersteering is weird and twitchy.Really the 3 main reasons you get Project Cars are these:Sound (I'm not kidding, the cars here SCREAM)Career (Start from the bottom of kart racing all the way up to F1, or start right from F1 for monumental challenge)Online (Didn't survive the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community disease but netcode and matchmaking is stupid quick and it's very easy to create rooms with friends)Also this ""Project"" started as a Wii U equivalent of Forza Motorsport and Gran Turismo, but then it got released in ALL consoles except Wii U.*clap**clap**clap*If this game gets official mod support, with Workshop or another mod downloader, i will finally be able to recommend this game.EDIT: Now Career mode is completely useless since they added a bug that deletes your savefile both from your hard disk and your steam cloud. Just watch a replay and you will crash, and when you're back, poof, savefile gone. As of September 2017, this is still not patched."
76561198073462382,Recommended,234630,23844076,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ImChrisJamesBitch,VR experience only.. i was blown away by how great the visuals are for VR. the rain hitting the screen was pretty cool. if you want to see how good VR can be then this is a must check out...however... i didnt care for the total realistic gameplay. if you are a fan of more arcade racers then do not buy this game. it is very realistic on how the cars handle. i am not a fan so i did not keep this game. but i dont fault the devs for this. they set out for that and they nailed it. just not my thing. but if you're a die hard racer and have a VR headset then i recommend you pick this up.
,Recommended,234630,15722614,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZM3,"Second-tier racing sim. Takes a little getting used to, and the user interface is terrible compared to established series, but the actual racing is great. While the simulation itself is great, the value is a little low due to the few cars available.With VR (Oculus Rift), it takes a slight adjustment, but then it feels more natural than most other games I've played.System:Oculus Rift (or 1440p G-sync)GTX970i5 4690k16gb RAMWindows 10SSDNOTE- if you find my review unhelpful, please send me a personal message so that I can try to make it more useful for eveyone else"
76561198314481437,Not Recommended,234630,35221363,Posted: 26 September,all,randygareth,"This game is great. If you enjoy bugs, unpredictable handling, and cars that swith between feeling like they're glued to the track or aquaplaning. Great graphics. But the physics left a bitter taste in my mouth.And why do people play racing sims in the first place? The physics of course.....Oh and the UI is complete garbage. You can't even change graphical settings while in a race, you have to go to the main menu to do that."
,Not Recommended,234630,25079612,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,El Stigo,"Buggy, annoying, and just not fun."
,Recommended,234630,23588746,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,King the Furred Dragon,"Simple to run with good graphics. Only great, though, if you have a wheel."
76561198099089256,Not Recommended,234630,23307121,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,GodFall,VR sickness makes this impossible to play in VR
76561198297989882,Recommended,234630,25434698,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Putin Järvi,I got a limited edition car pack for free from the devs thumbs upInfinite loading? This thing has been here since 1.4 its 11.0 now!!!
,Recommended,234630,24001157,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,howard_roark,"I'm changing my recommendation, as there are several problems with this game. But my point remains: if you simply want to get into a car and drive and have it feel real, as well as have beautiful tracks to look at, then that is what you can get from this game. But that is all.Driving the various cars does feel amazing.The AI... is meh. They follow lines based on the difficulty you set, and don't have any personality. For example a racer, Tom, might win 1st place during one race weekend. But then the next weekend he'll be in absolute last. You don't grow this fun sense of competition with the AI players.I am 8 hours in, and I still don't understand the point of the Garage. I've even read the game manual, and read forum posts to try to understand the point of the Garage. And I still can't. That is a very bad sign. It's a driving game with a useless Garage.When you race, you're pretty much always thrown into a random vehicle. You don't get to grow emotionally invested, or feel that it represents your identity. This is really sad, because I find it hard to believe that adding the ability to choose a livery (paint job) and have that be your car is not difficult. Why do you have to force random liveries at us? I get it... there is no obvious way to create a custom paint job. I can live with that. But to not even give me a friendly way to say, this is the car that I want to drive, stop changing it, is beyond me.This game has incredibly fun moments. It is definitely for racing enthusiasts.I'll continue to update this as I get more and more hours in. The fact that I still want to play it is a good sign. Too bad there is no thumb between a Yes and No, as that is probably where I would be. I recommend this game for a very specific type of gamer, definitely not everyone.If you're looking for a racing game with a campaign where you earn money and buy cars, and other interesting level ups, this is /not/ that type of game. This is about racing, period.Beyond that, the career is quite confusing. It starts simply enough-- you choose a where your career starts. But... there's no obvious progression. There a bunch of random races and random teams, and it's hard to tell what team you're racing for at any given moment.So basically the career is nothing but a rotation of races. I reiterate, buy this game to race. But to enjoy a fun career campaign, buy something else.The tracks are superb, the video is amazing. To get the full potential, I strongly recommend investing in a wheel. You won't get the same feel from a standard controller. Plus if you're looking to beat the top times, you'll need the wheel to shave off those critical seconds."
,Recommended,234630,20326666,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,While not quite up to par with games like forza this is only theyre first installment of what i hope to be many.this game delivers great gameplay and an all out good time !
,Recommended,234630,15723874,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Funtime,"Pretty damn good for it being on the open market for only a day. That being said I do have some aspects pf this game that I hate. So much effort went into this game just based on the details. Unfortunately, the details make the whole game. For instance: You can't show me all of these shiny graphics AT MY FACE without having some functionality behind it. When you compare this game to others of its type, Assetto Corsa, you find that this game is nowhere near that level. I will give SlightlyMad Studios props, seeing as Assetto Corsa took 12 months before it got really good, but that still doesn't give you the excuse to not be able to have changable aspects of things like: Steering Speed, (For steering input) Camber, Toe Angles, Fuel Loads, and, Aero Packages to name a few. The reason I have such respect for Assetto Corsa is that they allow you to change almost every single aspect of all of the cars you can get for it. What do I get to change on Project Cars? Tire Pressure, (Which isn't even measured in PSI) Angle of the Brake Ducts, Steering Sensitivity, and, brake pressure. The limit of changable parameters per vehicle really diludes the whole experience, but the only thing you have to make up for it is shiny graphics? Thats really ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Even for $50.00, thats really ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Assetto Corsa only cost me $30.00 and I usually spend 4-8 minutes in the pits just setting up the car before I even start driving it. It seems that Project Cars' only good thing is graphics, at the moment, because my god is it beautiful. The sound isn't quite there, they'll figure it out, and the physics are woeful at this point in development.The list of cars, as well as the variety of them is pretty nice as well. But the driving is pretty bad unless you're using a wheel which I'm not. I had really high hopes for this game when it was being shoved down my throat by everyone on the forums, I have to say that I'm rather disappointed. Somehow, I have this feeling that even though the devs kept delaying it, they still needed more time. The game doesn't feel finished. I have a hunch that within 6-8 months this game will quickly be on its way up through the list. Don't bother buying it until then. I almost forgot to mention THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK AT ALL WITH OVERCLOCKED GPUS! BEWARE! It took me to reinstall this 15.0GB bad boy twice before I realised that."
76561198044359652,Recommended,234630,15730311,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Robert196,"Project Cars is a game like no other. I can relate it to the first Grid, but nothing else. The graphics are amazing, as long as they aren't on low. A low end PC could definetly run this game on the lowest settings. The huge amount of tracks is something no other racing game has done. Project Cars offers cars ranging from karts to Formula 1 (Formula A in game) and a full career mode to let you advance up the chain. Don't want to start at karts? No problem. You can start where ever you choose.However, this game took 4 years of work. That makes me ask the question, what were they doing for two years? While the graphics and track selection are amazing, the UI could use work. It's confusing and sometimes random. You cannot change any options while racing, not even your controls. If you are using a wheel, the force feedback is decent. It lacks the feel of F1 2014 or Assetto Corsa. It almost feels like Jello. Some sounds are rushed and do not flow, but sound imperfections are hard to find.Is it a sim? Is it arcade? Or is it a sim-cade? I'd call this a sim-cade with many simulator aspects. The immersion you get with the graphics and the dynamic lighting changes the game in virtual auto racing. However, the numb feel of force feedback and brake lock ups is a huge factor on the physics side.If you're looking for a fun game, buy this game. If you're looking for a sim, buy something else along with this game. While some aspects need work, ProjectCARS is a revolution to auto racing games. Well done."
76561198154112272,Recommended,234630,15722842,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,rblk26,"First day review, I have to say if you enjoy racing games then you need this one in your library.  The graphics are very nice and you dont need a beast of a system to appreciate this game.  I have only clocked about 3 hours at the time of this review but as far as physics go Assetto Corsa is the better game.  Maybe they have a patch in the future that fixs this.  The first career race in karts was a joke.  Ive never driven a kart before but I find it hard to believe they handle that way(pretty much zipping around the track like their glued to it).  All in all it is still a very enjoyable game, dont cheat yourself and play with assists on.  For driving sims get Pcars and AC, they both offer something different for sim racers."
,Recommended,234630,15941442,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Snaggletooth,"Difficult review this..The game itself, is brilliant, I have had some brilliant close racing with friends, when the game works that is..No don't get me wrong, I know all games have bugs in there early days, but with this is just the number of them..Sometimes you join an online lobby, but it won't let you leave the garage, so far devs have only suggested a work around, back out the lobby and come back in again, sometimes fixes it, sometimes doesn'tBut that is of course if the game decides to load at the race track at all, seemingly randomly the game will just fail to load, some exception of some sorts, seemed to be worse when I had TS runningAnd then there are the many bugs you may encounter once you do eventually get to the race track.. got damage, need to pit? careful, some tracks upon exiting the pits you will get a corner cut penalty (yup you read that right) sometimes ridiculous penalties, my personal record being a 650 second corner cut penalty after coming out the pits, thats 650 seconds where I cannot go faster than 30mph!Now will I have given this a negative review, this game does have bags of potential, sort out the bugs, sort out these issues and the others you will have read in other reviews, and you have quite possibly the best racing sim on the PC to date! And it is because of the last statement, and because there is so much potential, that I keep coming back for more"
76561198077685591,Recommended,234630,15791515,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[RIP] MrMojoRisin,"Tough review as I really wanted it to be the best racer, Unfortunately I do think it's second best to AC.The pyshics aren't quite there and the force feedback is terrible, which for me is far more important than the amount of cars are tracks that are available. Something that PCars can boast about.There are some great features though such as the great visuals and weather system, which is why i would recommend it.For the true simulation though, its AC all the way."
,Recommended,234630,15959584,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Convexrook,I love this game but I would like to play for an hour without a crash!!
,Recommended,234630,28996190,Posted: 3 January,all,Wattrelos,Excelente. Boa física e jogo voltado para que gosta de realismo.Reconheceu e configurou meu volante G27 automaticamente.Comprei o jogo completo.O único porém é a falta dos veículos Porsche que eu tanto queria para competir com o Audi na categoria Endurence.
76561198232437572,Recommended,234630,29397682,Posted: 21 January,all,Firemdq,"excelent game, one of the best"
,Recommended,234630,29789785,Posted: 8 February,all,Mister B-Roy,I absolutley love this game. Its really difficult to control the cars considering I think i have TC off. Very fun and skilled base. Recommend playing with a steering wheel.
,Recommended,234630,32468577,Posted: 16 June,all,The Pun,"A LOT of people seem to complain about how buggy the game is and how un-optimized it is, but in my experience, i have yet to encounter any bugs....like at all. I have a 6700k, 1070 and 16gb of ram and I can run the game maxed at 1080p and have a steady 80-110 fps. either these guys are actively looking for bugs, or their system is just not able to handle the game. If you're not used to racing games I would highly suggest you try the game and watch a few youtube videos. You'll pick the game up really quickly and will get to enjoy a really good racing game."
,Recommended,234630,28207206,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,VFernandes,Muito bom.
76561198063922494,Recommended,234630,25273699,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,- VLR 8 - Quizward [HLI],This is a great racing game. I HIGHLY Recommend it. I love this game. It is highly realistic and I love driving the McLaren P1. I am pretty good at driving it.
,Recommended,234630,27718351,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CMonsta -iwnl-,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,234630,27841398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DUREĐĐU,Nice physic.I miss road cars tho.
,Recommended,234630,30411870,Posted: 9 March,all,Parcival,"great game, great graphisc 9/10 ign"
76561197961596805,Recommended,234630,27810730,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blade009!,Awsome driving sim!
76561197972710825,Recommended,234630,29880803,Posted: 12 February,all,oof,It's alright
,Recommended,234630,25915505,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BamBam,My favourite racing sim since Grand Prix Legends.No crappy RPG element like Toca 3 etc.Straight up racing fun.Highly recommended.
76561198213137371,Recommended,234630,25936872,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alan Lau,"I've played iRacing, bought AC and Dirty Rally and now pCars. Initially I was put off by the negative reviews but as it was on sale, I took the plunge. Purely with the Vive mind, I was totally surprised by pCars. It feels and plays great in VR. AC and others should be ashamed of themselves for succumbing siding with Rift. Great job, pCars! You gave me my best VR sim driving experience on my Vive."
76561198033553127,Recommended,234630,28980627,Posted: 3 January,all,SHADÃO DA MASSA,Pros:-Great game-Great sim-Great value-Amazing sound-Good compatibility with multiple joysticksCons:-Kart racing at glencairn9/10
,Recommended,234630,30308141,Posted: 3 March,all,OpiZoid,Absolutely fantastic if you have a steering wheel.
76561198264695746,Recommended,234630,30735641,Posted: 25 March,all,[FAG] Rick Sanchez C-137,v good
,Recommended,234630,30764974,Posted: 26 March,all,(L4D2U)BizzareAtom,Great Game with great physics and graphics and it doesnt require a good PC to run it..My PC runs it at Max Graphics at 90 FPS. Wonderful game worth my money. I would recommend this game.
76561198067272127,Recommended,234630,33506734,Posted: 13 July,all,LukasGelu,Is nice.
76561198088187969,Recommended,234630,31909297,Posted: 22 May,all,Retro Warrior,brilliant.........if you dont like this game......you gay
,Recommended,234630,34489386,Posted: 25 August,all,KSores,i'm addicted i play it too much
76561197961269140,Recommended,234630,29533199,Posted: 27 January,all,12oz Jesus,Excellent driving model and very good AI.  Fun career mode due to those.
76561198120120855,Recommended,234630,29829675,Posted: 10 February,all,Aki秋,wait for my steering wheel and everything is perfect.
,Recommended,234630,28582272,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SOCOM,"I mean, Itlooksrealistic."
,Recommended,234630,33025577,Posted: 29 June,all,MmT.oZ,Good game i'm waiting 2.
,Recommended,234630,32984548,Posted: 29 June,all,Petunia,good game
76561198015858126,Recommended,234630,17092643,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Raymond Reddington,good
,Recommended,234630,32302813,Posted: 9 June,all,Drocus Omyx Meioz,Can't wait for the sequel!
,Recommended,234630,29114723,Posted: 8 January,all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"The game looks amazing, cars drive well (seems the turning radius isnt very good but meh) and the multiplayer is amazing.Great game!"
76561197998343818,Not Recommended,234630,15733750,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,eclap78,Good:Looks niceRuns fine on Ultra at 1440p (60-90fps here)Good car selectionSome good tracksFFB is not the worstEngine soundsBadEngine sounds on some cars (overdone)AICheaters on leaderboards alreadypCARS 2 announced already meaning this will dieOnline multiplayer seems pretty dead for a newly released gameSo you have 2 options if you want to avoid racing against the stupid AI. Either hotlap or find a racing community to race against.Overall underwhelmed and the news of pCARS already on the horizon and with the crowdfunding for it starting very soon I feel cheated by the devs.
76561198025609238,Recommended,234630,15721508,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Si,"The best racing game I've ever played.To give you a snippet of realism.  I stalled, and then was able to bump start my car...PS There was a bug, that causes Project Cars to run in the background after exiting.  I've run about 100 less hours than it says."
76561197985595446,Not Recommended,234630,15729728,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,kounga,Rubberbanding makes it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,234630,32066589,Posted: 30 May,all,Sandmänchen,Cannot change controls during online sessions
76561198059694502,Recommended,234630,15764685,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Midnightm3nace,"everyone complains that it's either not a sim or it's too hard; False. Take the time to set it up properly, and it will be amazing. Best racing game I've ever played."
76561198015400310,Recommended,234630,15781212,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Intercorpcom,Real Nice game play!...highly detailed..lots of options!....Car's & Track's +++!Worth Trying it out!
76561198065363627,Not Recommended,234630,15793386,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ammdk,Interface is complicated and non intutitive. Game is frustrating to play
,Recommended,234630,15798273,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Michael Curran,THE BEST RACING GAME IVE EVER PLAYED!!You need a good rig to see it in all its glory.
,Not Recommended,234630,16290610,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SEX LORD,♥♥♥♥--------------------ing hate it cu-----------nts scamming wan----rs
76561198058327942,Not Recommended,234630,15768188,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Chart_E_Qc,"Seriously should have been called Project Bugs. Many of the first problem have been solved but it creates tottally new ones. Don't expect to find good solution or explanation on forum.I have many hours on it only becaus of my friends playing it, otherwise I would have been refound- Looses FFB in races for no reason-several connection lost in multiplayer- game freeses and crash to many times- totaly stupid presentation of the menus ( steering settings have no explanation and are spread trough more than 5 pages)- screen freeze in replays- Poor A.I.- Still no tires soundBut when it works ( 1 on 3 times) its a good sim racing gameArm yourself with patience- Multiplayer is littered with stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that destroy cars of other player. I only playing it when my friends are online- Host don't have control of their rooms: no kick/ban option they put a stupid vote to kick option that nobody cares about so you get stuck with trolls and other anoying players-Your car sound great but other cars sonds like moskitosSeriously, this game had been delayed for more than a year and came out incomplete. 2 patches later, the problems just moved in other places.I'm really desapointedGraphics are great and good choice of cars and tracks. I only would recommend it if you can buy it in discount (50% off or better) and if you have a REALLY POWERFULL computer. If you are looking for a great game to play try Asseto Corsa or other games that are 100% finish product."
76561198066897907,Not Recommended,234630,18661290,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DoctorWings,This is a waste of money. It has a very nice look but the gameplay does not back that up. I wasted $50 on this game but was lucky enough to get a refund from Steam. I would not recommend this game to anyone unless they like to drive cars that handle like they are on ice. This game is horrible
76561198005432334,Recommended,234630,15737610,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,bozont_svk,fastest 50 euros spent so far....:D
76561197967648233,Recommended,234630,15796380,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sus,"Been playing since early Alpha:PC version, some minor bugs but nothing that removes from the driving.It's the best sim/racing game out there, anyone who says it's not a sim, either has not set things up right, plays on a controller or is a fanboi of some other sim.Treat the AI like real humans, not robots.  They make mistakes, they move around and they try to cheat, just like real humans!If you love to race, get this game."
,Recommended,234630,15830523,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,-MiLAN-,"one of the greatest racing games i have ever played.... hands down.*i do use Logitech Driving Force Wheel* but i have also use my xbox 360 game pad and it also worked great!great game and i would recomend it for racing lovers like myself!!i love the carts to F1 career pretty awesome :"")"
76561197971829931,Recommended,234630,15800315,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Samuel Jackson,"I normally don't leave reviews, but I feel that I must for this one.  This is the best all around racing game I have ever played (and I've played a lot of them).  The graphics are simply amazing, and the gameplay is extremly addicting.  I love that they considered the community's input during development and didn't put out a broken game.  I truly hope that more developers take note and this trend can continue."
76561198020442786,Recommended,234630,15869202,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,xraykid,one of the best sim games ive ever played if ur in to sim raceing games its a must have
76561198036291694,Not Recommended,234630,16024113,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nimo,"Installed the game on Friday last week and since then; I can't just launch it! Uninstalled, re-installed a couple of times; checked via Steam the cache integrity and all these stuff. I just don't get why it doesn't want to launch... This is a shame really!"
76561198165509363,Recommended,234630,17982433,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Metal rules!!!!!,cool game
76561197986915712,Not Recommended,234630,25563418,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Tonka,Worst physics... far from realistic controlability.Lots of tunning options. None however overcome the other problems.
,Not Recommended,234630,18303610,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FastBusiness,"For someone who knows nothing about cars, this game is very difficult. Talking about bars and pressure with no tutorial teaching you how to play.  Yes the game looks pretty and nice, but playing it makes me frustrated becuase I don't have a clue on what I'm doing."
76561198091213969,Not Recommended,234630,21059225,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,slipknotfkr,What a crap game! Force-Feedback is a joke. Granted the graphics are good. That is the most positive thing I can say about this horrible game. Even on sale it was a fukkin waste of money. Tried to get a refund and the A-holes at Steam refused.  True customer Support you have there guys.
76561198059606571,Not Recommended,234630,23530803,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[DAA520]GoldenBear,Crap   Assetto Corsa wins hands down.
76561198003030375,Recommended,234630,17438006,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Project Cars:~~~~~~~~~~Pole sitter, waiting patiently with your adrenaline rushing over all your body to your extremities for the green light to show! GO,GO,GOOOO! What an absolute beauty of a racing game we have here!From across the globe, you will be participating in plenty of events from Superkarts to Formula championships and will have to get familiar with a stack of tracks (with modifications to suit the event). You will definitely feel the sensation of speed with some cars but you will also experience the need for speed driving in some of the classics events. Great looking cars but boy, where was the grunt in them?? I guess it is all relative to the era they were in.Graphically this game is a Perl and if you have the right gear and can turn it all the way up, it is a marvellously magic experience.The star menu is really easy to learn and can provide you with good in-depth statistics too. The audio is really good and definitely enhances the feel of the game. You will enjoy playing this game using a gamepad but will get more using a steering wheel, in my opinion. But either way it is so much fun!Several DLC’s are also available for Project Cars which will give you additional cars and tracks for a small price tag.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Splendid and smooth graphics-	Great Audio-	Easy but in-depth menu-	Plenty of cars and tracks-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	You have to be picky to find one!Just become a pole sitter and feel the thrill of Project Cars!10/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198110961492,Recommended,234630,15880232,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,wanduke368,I highly recommend this game. It is the most realistic racing simulator you can get for $49.99 this game is much better than its rival Asseta Corsa and I hope you pickup a copy today.
,Recommended,234630,15843715,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Damage_Product,"Great game!Though I wish they didn't give you all the cars at once, and instead have a progression system in the game like Forza, but it's not that big of a deal. Same goes for the amount of cars they have in the game. Overall this is a fantastic game."
76561198037006905,Not Recommended,234630,18154267,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,FangAzmodi,"If you're after online races, look somewhere else. Pcars is a dead game. Handful of players can only be found on the weekends. 75 lobbies, zero players."
,Recommended,234630,15806857,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,idle hands,"I've uninstalled all of my other racing games. Project Cars is sooo good. It's definitely best enjoyed with a fairly powerful rig and a wheel. I can't recommend this enough. Just a heads up, you don't have to spend a fortune on a wheel. The logitech driving force gt works fantastic, and can be picked up really cheap on ebay."
76561197960460825,Recommended,234630,15805616,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[AB]4 p3rf3c7 c1rc|3,The only issue I have with this game is the car selection. This might be one of the nicest racing games I've played but it's really focused on supercars. I've always enjoyed playing driving games with a range of cars from something I could afford to something I'll never dream of driving.
,Recommended,234630,15724764,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ArcTheWolf,"By far the most beautiful racing sim I've played to date. It's not often I pull the work of art card but Project Cars is a game worthy of being called true visual art, the level of detail and care that was put into the design and details of the cars is just mind blowing. If you haven't bought this game yet I highly recommend it if you are a fan of racing sims with high realism and detail, but don't worry, you can be a total moron when it comes to understanding traction control like me too and play on novice and still have just as much fun and enjoy the view and have some casual racing. Or you can crank it up all the way to full simulation and get that holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm really driving this thing kind of feeling. It really is an amazing game."
76561198048035887,Recommended,234630,15798446,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,MezzerliptikJay,This is an Incredible game a must have for your racing sim collection
,Not Recommended,234630,24626032,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Romo$,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI nice graphics meh gameplayDoes graphics matter much? if not i dont recommend this
,Not Recommended,234630,16080914,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"What is Project Cars? Is it worth your money? Are there better competitors out there to invest your time and currency in?A watered down version of Forza, maybe, and hell yes.The main problem I have with this game is that for the last two hours I've spent maybe ten minutes playing, and 1:50mins messing with the settings just to try to A) make it look anywhere near what they advertise it looks like(GTX 970, FX-8350 OC'd, 16GB Ram, see what I'm saying?) B) run at all smootly.I mean what is the single most important part of a racing game? That you can ♥♥♥♥ing control your car while you race!In a time where the animosity towards a game like the Witcher 3's performance lead me to upgrade and run it like silk I have to say it is a little unacceptable for the dev's to choose such an archaic graphics menu, and I'm assume coding for their game. These are sttuering issues I used to get with Dirt, and Need for Speed, ie other gar-♥♥♥♥♥ ports from the consoles to PC. And like those games, I am at a complete loss for how to fix them, or achieve a balanced state of performance and visual fidelity with the game, nor do I feel it is my obligation to spend so much time on configuring♥♥♥♥♥♥for a game, its not the late 90's anymore, and even on the PC, I atleast have an assumption these days there should be a certain level of drop in and just play the freaking game with no issues. Sure maybe you'll want to tweak the graphics afterwards, see how close to get to maxing it out without performance loss etc, but come on almost two hours? It is just annoying.In short, the game runs like garbage, and from looking at the forums, its a general thing not a ""Nvidia specific"" issue or anything. I have stuttering, and ""teleportation braking system"" with controllers, keyboard and mouse or even my G27, so buyer beward in that category.the game also falls short in its categories when compared to various competitors. Graphics? good(or barely playable for a lot of us), but not as ""high res"" it seems, or smooth as Assesto Corsa( a game I should mention I've never have input or stuttering issues with), though it does have some cool effects like water etc. Car selection? Not bad at all, but no Forza or Gran Turismo, AI, realism etc(from what I can stand to experience for the point of this review), seems pretty legit, but again nothing compared to any of the top existing realism racers on the PC.The last thing I will say in support of this title is that the presentation is the one area where it blows almost any other game(maybe not Forza) out of the water. Every menu option is narrated, appealing interface visuals, music is great, career mode for the game seems fun and like it has a lot of replayability/tons of game time to enjoy on its own.Due to performance issues though I have to stick a huge WARNING on this game's recommendation, look into other options if you have that need for digital speed for now, or otherwise hope and pray the devs/community admits the poor state of this game on the PC and attempts to fix it...or when the sequel comes out :P"
76561197992420603,Not Recommended,234630,22970949,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ElfjeTwaalfje,"All in all I like the game for just the occasional drive. But to be called ""most authentic and technically-advanced racing game on the planet"" is lacks the ability to save multiple setups per track. Come on guys, it should not be to hard to put that in. You can do one ""wet"" + ""dry"". A very bad and serious commission from the start. Note I backed the game from day 1 when ""historic Spa"" was still in and the statement ""most authentic and technically-advanced racing game on the planet"" was still something to be believed. All is put on PC2 now. Really disappointing and something to be remembered when considering PC2. So recommend Yes for the drive, No for the sim."
76561197978567503,Not Recommended,234630,33024644,Posted: 29 June,all,Janine Bagborn,"This game is not fun at all. It feels like it was cheaply made and you just get frustrated with the controls. GOKARTS are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well, the touring mode is stupid and you just spin out all the time. The game feels like cheap Japanese crap."
76561198274265979,Not Recommended,234630,23470748,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,..................,i dont really like this
76561197999392103,Not Recommended,234630,23813576,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,seatux86,"After all this time, still no Steam Cloud Save? Have to use Game Save Manager to sync progress between 2 machines."
,Not Recommended,234630,28553592,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bankpasje,Great performance on desktop but  abyssmal performance on the Vive with all settings on low on a 1080. Do I have to say more?
76561198177298097,Not Recommended,234630,18551374,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ELSknutson,If you liek to drive and thats it this game is great.If you like to customize or tweek the exterior like colors sticker etc then this  game sucks
76561198011431982,Recommended,234630,16904015,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,jboughton23,love it!
,Recommended,234630,16071488,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Wolfıe,"Project CARS is a bug-riddled masterpiece. Most of the game is outstanding, but let down somewhat by a lot of relatively minor bugs that hurt the experience. If Slightly Mad keep working on it, this will be one of the best Sims ever released. In it's current state, it's still pretty good.+ The graphics do live up to hype. They're actually better than the screenshots, which are from an earlier build.+ Ridiculous attention to detail. The cars are spectacular: from fully working wipers and interactive MoTec dashboards, to spinning prop-shafts and reduced power at high altitude.+ Cars all feel unique, even within the same championship. Each one really does feel distinct.+ FFB is completely customisable, and can mimic virtually any other sim.+ What cars we do have look and feel amazing, and cover most major categories.+ The best single-player campaign I've ever seen in a Sim.- Works amazing for most people, but a couple have suffered massive problems.- Buggier than a Vietnamese jungle in summer, although most bugs are annoyances rather than serious problems.- AI broken in the rain. It's absurdly talented in the wet, like racing against 20 Ayrton Sennas.- Customising FFB takes time and experience. I spent a full two hours dialing mine in. New players may struggle to get it right.- Needs Touring Car and American Oval Racing. Ovals are coming as DLC, hopefully soon."
76561198174270533,Recommended,234630,15719754,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wvu3121,Been looking for a race game for my pc that was comparable to diveclub on my ps4 and this is a great start..it has a ton of depth to it..This is a sim racer not a arcade racer for those looking to buy it..I would like to see some non-speedway tracks added on future DLC..Money well spent Thanks!
76561198051067430,Recommended,234630,15721080,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Heyyy That's Pretty Good,"This game is exactly what I expected and more! If you are looking for a racing simulator game, this is the best one out there."
,Recommended,234630,15721227,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cotivity,"The hype was worth the wait for this racer/sim.Graphically, amazing when running @ 2k resolution and @ ultra settings across the board.Sound design is spot on and full of depth and realism washing over you with a wall of sound.Ui is slick and modern and again, PC-wise this game IS next gen !*Update* While I have played this title and enjoyed it since launch, I hadnt truly had that ""aha"" moment until just last night....I'll explain: I was racing in GT3 under wet conditions and full race mode (all laps) . We started on wets but by the 4th lap, my crew was ordering me into the pits for a mandatory tire rotation. for the next 10 or so laps I struggled with the track and the weather, slowly fallng further and further behind the rear pack....Mid race, the weather conditions let up enough to where I chanced a intermediate set of tires even though as I entered pit lane, the rain started picking up again. Well from that moment on I fought for each and every position using every technique I could muster and by the final two laps I wound up in 4th place grabbing some much needed points in the process.After I saved my replay (almost a full hour long race) and while watching the first 10 minutes, it dawned on me that I just had one of THE most intense and rewarding racing experiences in my entire life of playing the genre. I immediately checked for DLC, realized I overlooked the July track expansion...bought it and vowed to invest in whatever this dev puts out. A true fan was made tonight. cheers !"
76561198089814108,Recommended,234630,15768979,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DB46,"Well , played about 4 hours worth,  i feel its the best racing game on pc yet(single player) not quite next gen graffics as i would like but still very good (nearly their), cars drive real nice , have to have a wheel for this , could do with a few more well known cars _fer (say no more)  hope to see a few more racing tracks , like canada , suzuka  etc , good thing about it being on pc is the mod comunity.Still some issues to sort , graffics can seem a bit sparkly! in cockpit dash ,on cars and tracks, also in some occasions in formula A cockpit veiw the surrounding body work to driver their occasional colour bleed (doesnt happen all the time). Having said this  i believe this games going to get better and better, what ive played of it so far i have really enjoyed. Monaco ai can be a bit weid , great track design in genaral.Sound = nice  would like to see a bit more car adjustment , so far i would give this game 8/10Like to see codemasters f1 beat this!"
,Recommended,234630,15795568,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Marksman650,Bloody amazing...
76561197967466293,Recommended,234630,15794807,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Pirate Jeff,"I wanted to buy a steering wheel for a while. I finally decided to buy one just before this game came out. I was not disappointed. Driving a Formula A in helmet view with the driver automatically looking at the apex is freaking awesome! Now I only need a seat and trackIR!I like Forza because of the collecting and upgrading cars aspect. I like Project Cars because of the RACING aspect!Lots of track and a great variety of cars. All with their own handling and feeling.I you like racing simulation and you don't already own one, this one is for you!"
76561197968648925,Recommended,234630,15747178,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Slick,SHAKE AND BAKE
76561198039703457,Recommended,234630,15770436,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FastFreddy,"Great racing title. The AI is awesome. the racing is bloody enjoyable. but please let me drive into pits and out of manually... and where is the pit crew?? was one of the things i was looking forward to! whatching the pit crew go at it, changing wheels refuelinng etc... why no pit crew as shown in vids?"
,Recommended,234630,15721313,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,willmanutd16,This is the best racing game I have ever played. It makes real life seem to fake. I now have no life.
,Recommended,234630,15805464,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,nothingreal,"So far I'm having a great time with Project Cars and, though it's extremely rough in parts, it a fantastic racing game. If you've got a good gaming PC and a wheel you should get it. If you've also got an Oculus Rift you *really* should get it.In gerenal it rides the line between a complete simulation like iRacing and a more approachable racing game like Forza.As it is now - 8/10Pros- Excellent Visuals and Audio- Nice career mode- good selection of cars- excellent VR support in the car- decent AI- Decent driving physics model that doesn't feel too arcade-likeCons- Needs a lot of general optimization- Force Feedback is far too light by default- VR isn't complete (but neither is the Rift.. so..) - No menus, car cockpits are only half modeled (don't look back)- Some of the tyre physics seem off - especially in the rain and the tyre heat mechanic seems strange- While good, the driving model can feel imprecise and a bit floaty when compared to something like iRacing"
,Recommended,234630,15756023,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,briward,"Superb driving simulation, stunning graphics and realistic gameplay."
,Recommended,234630,18032129,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,IndraPrastha,SUPERBTEN Out of TENKeyboard MasterRace
,Recommended,234630,23700833,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Doctor Lenny,"Vroom vroom 10/10Jokes aside, it's a great and entertaining game, must-buy for racing fans."
,Not Recommended,234630,26475734,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TROGDOR!,"I simply can't recommend it. It seems unfinished... if you like tweeking with your tunings, and your steering input (wheel or pad) for HOURS until you get to something useable, feel free to pay the money. I had the highest hopes for this, i thought, finally something Forza-like for the PC Gamer... but nope, not nearly Forza-like.The mechanics: are unbelievably inconvenient. You have to (or at least i was to stupid to figure out otherwise) LEAVE the race to change your controls! The Menu itself is inconvenient too, it wants to be different and it is. And thats the problem: the navigation is utter rubbish!The looks: its a good looking game really, it has some nice cars too. But that is all.All in all: i am still trying to find a acceptable setup because i really want this game to NOT suck... but i guess that won't happen.So my suggestion: watch some letsplays and see if it fits your likings... then, if you see what i mean - DONT PAY A CENT for this. I regretted it pretty fast."
76561198034621243,Not Recommended,234630,26550727,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CancunTom,This game started out good. However this morning it will no longer support the mouse during play which makes the game uncontrollible. Very very unhappy as there is no way to get help.
,Not Recommended,234630,25999728,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The Moistery Machine,"Pretty much, this isGran Turismo for PC.It's not a casual racing game like Need for Speed, its a 'realistic' driving/racing simulator that takes practice and focus to play. I found it difficult with both Steam controller (both joystick and tilt steering) as well as with a steering wheel controller. The game looks great, but personally I didn't find it fun, so for half the price of Overwatch, I requested a refund.I'd rather leave a neutral comment; it isn't bad just not my thing, but Steam wont let me."
,Not Recommended,234630,30339990,Posted: 5 March,all,picklegreen,"I HATE this game!Why is that if your tyre even looks at the grass the worlds strongest magnet pulls you straight into a wall?I've been grinding away at the go-kart part of the career because I wanted to play everything and it's so bloody twitchy throwing me at right angles and 180 degree turns that i am constantly restarting the race, yet when I need a sharp turn I've got no chance.Yes, I know I can change the settings with things like steering assist but you end up surrendering control of the game, it may as well be running on rails at that point.Is there no happy medium between imposibly sensitive twitchy controls and letting the pc drive the car for you?I'm sick of racing games with NPCs stick to thier racing line NO MATTER WHAT, NPC says "" I may be about to collide into the side of you but I have a racing line to follow so I can not possibly try to avoid ruining the race for both of us"" SMASH!Also evertime I hit the back of a go-kart i don't silmpy bump into the back, i'm driving ontop of the guys head for 200 yeards, would that really happen? come one! just bump, slow me down and let me continue, do I really have to abandon this race because i bumped that back of another go-kart?I will keep grinding away in some hope that this will eventually become enjoyable but as of now this is a very negative review.I'm waiting for all the 500+ hours gamers to come along and tell me I need to dedicate my life to learning how to play a ♥♥♥♥ing video game now, ""come back when you've played 100+ hours noob"" lol why the hell should I have to dedicate 100 hours before I enjoy something? I'm not actually trying to gain a real life career in forumla one racing guys, I just want to enjoy playing a game."
,Recommended,234630,29789865,Posted: 8 February,all,President Trump,The physics and dynamics the developers added to that game are amazing i recommend it to everyone who wants an racing simulator!
76561198058632042,Not Recommended,234630,20797931,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,bosoxnationalist,"I'm sorry to say that as beautiful as this game is, it sucks. Sorry. :("
76561198184277129,Recommended,234630,15747122,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ramsn_gt,why i dont new game?
,Recommended,234630,15757325,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Godstack,"Have been playing this all day and it runs fine at max setting at least hitting 60 fps at all times. I am running an r9 290x with i7 4790, 16 gigs of ram. Not sure why it doesn't seem to run as well for other people. Great game too!"
,Recommended,234630,15770834,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,UltimateBMWfan,"This game is fantastic. The Career mode is what I've been waiting for. You are able to participate in multiple classes of racing and go through each race weekend.The physics are also in no way Arcadey. Sure, they might not be as good as Assetto Corsa, and Assetto Corsa is a great game, but the cars in pCars are such a joy to drive."
76561197999527229,Not Recommended,234630,19881769,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HENK,"Don't like this game at all, even on sale for 20 euro i think it's to much.... PLEASE FORZA COME TO PC!"
,Not Recommended,234630,20630752,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sherminnater,"The game is very pretty, the driving is very good.The problem is is that there is no content for this game, the multiplayer is horrible and dying, you never know what the AI is going to do, runs considerably worse on AMD cards, they expect you to buy DLC for things that were promised befor released. On top of all of that the next game is currently being worked on and a Kickstarter is out while this game is still a buggy mess with no content. If you want a racing sim go pick up Asseta Corsa"
76561197998128504,Not Recommended,234630,20784028,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mongolian Goose,"School Project CarsProject Cars is supposed to be a simulator, but it fails to achieve this. The game is definitely hard and people often confuse this with it being a simulator. There are so many aspects which make it unrealistic it can only ever be an arcade game in my eyes. Why it’s not a simulator:Remove the driving aids and the higher power cars become un driveable even with steering wheel and peddles. It’s not easy to drive a Ariel atom but guys it’s not impossible either.No pit crew.Pit lane traffic light normally red, AI control drives you straight through it.No penalties for crossing pit exit line.No parade lap.No checkered flag, (or any coloured flag for that matter as no marshalls.)Unrealistic damage, smash head long into wall at 100mph and car just seers to one side.AI driving is of the 1990’s era, AI cars often just drive in a parade around the whole race behind you. AI hardly ever tries to overtake you unless you’re on a straight.At 100% difficulty some series you will be faster by 2 seconds a lap others you will be 20 seconds a lap behind.Allows ridiculous corner cutting.For a start…The graphics engine is lame, even on 980GTX you get micro stuttering in corners. The colours and lighting are also very unrealistic. It is a detailed game graphically but not in a realistic way. It’s also behind graphically with other games of this generation. If you compare it to Driveclub or Forza 6 although arcade games they do have a much more realistic look about them.It can’t be that bad as I’ve played 66 hours, but I generally just load up play 30 mins and get bored. I don’t regret buying Pcars but I wouldn’t bother with project cars 2.You only have to scroll through the reviews to this how appalling the development team are at addressing bugs, they seem to have contempt for anyone who has purchased the game. On the forums people are banned for raising bugs or for asking questions that reflect project cars in a bad light.For the reason I’m giving it a thumbs down."
,Recommended,234630,20984646,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mitsubishimax9,reat game I have ove 300 hours on record
,Not Recommended,234630,32365999,Posted: 12 June,all,Fumigena 戦い,Project ♥♥♥♥ing Slide. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,234630,23892723,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,This game proof how good Nvdia is compared to AMD.
76561198084601295,Recommended,234630,29621968,Posted: 31 January,all,Soda,If Gran Turismo is a Racing Simulator.Project CARS is Real Racing.
76561198008513739,Recommended,234630,25866635,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SKIDROW,"Simply amazing and great fun - what a game should be - the most fun you will ever have racing on a PCI have played Iracing, rfactor2, RRE and AC  and were caught up in the craziness of thinking that these games were superior simulators than project cars. I finally realized that these are all games and it should be the fun and immersive factor of driving that should be the most important.Project Cars has excellent graphicsBy far the best weather system – looks wiseBy far the best sense of speedBy far the most fun to driveThis game is an absolute masterpiece."
76561198045875710,Recommended,234630,16590125,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Huntingleopard,"Solid racing game a mixture between a full sim and an acrade racer, with great graphics for the performance output."
76561197996718494,Recommended,234630,15764411,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SeKeLuS,"this game/simulator is awesome!! same groupe as gt6, assetto corsa.the sound and graphic are amazing"
76561197980299458,Recommended,234630,15745690,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DwDrums321,"Finally a game that is closer to GT and Forza for pc, Been waiting for this game a long time, I missed the cut off for the early testing. Good Job."
,Recommended,234630,15761441,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Marlod,"Project CARS is a realistic racing simulator.Project CARS is a extremely pretty simulator. The reflections and the textures are amazing.In terms of simulation it might not be up there with Rfactor 2, but it is still realy good.The AI might be alittle stupid sometimes but they are still quite good when set to difficult.It might not be your`s if you search something like Rfactor, but if you don`t I recommend it."
,Recommended,234630,15882737,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,LionsforAdoption,Lost the race by Accidentally turning off the Engine11/10 Would be much Noob again
76561198027243633,Recommended,234630,15748517,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lee-h,Best game ever
76561198033164698,Recommended,234630,15746935,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Animalosity,"While I'm thoroughly enjoying Project Cars and it has many potentials, there are a few ""flaws"" if you will that definitely need a bit of addressing. More specifically if you are an AMD GPU owner, you will more than likely suffer some pretty hefty performance loss. The game is clearly an Nvidia Gameworks title with driver profiles/optimizations specifically for Nvidia users. If this doesn't affect you then read no more.AMD and WMD have at least recognized the issue and AMD is hard at work with the developer to get an optimized driver out for AMD users. This is not mean to be a fan boy flame review and I hope that whomever reads it does not read it as such. The main issue at hand is that due to Project Cars utilize heavy physics based rendering, the game engine as a whole is very taxing on the CPU. AMD's current latest driver (15.4 Beta) so far seems to work the best, but you will notice what seems to be a bottleneck if you monitor with any type of OSD display. After further investigation, it appears that the CPU overhead isn't being utilized properly and as mentioned previously, AMD is currently working on a solution.Overall the game is very entertaining. I am personally enjoying more than say Forza 5 and Assetto Corsa. While the comparison titles may be classfied as ""simulators,"" Project Cars really does deliver a more realistic driving experience. Graphics are beautiful, Vehicle physics are top notch, and man is it intense. Definitely a must buy for anyone considering the ultimate racing experience.  9/10"
76561198042562048,Recommended,234630,15768158,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dr. Crapsalot,A must have for every racingfan !!!
76561198052297144,Recommended,234630,15724236,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheDon,"I play iRacing mostly but this is also fun, if you love racing then get it, you will love it!"
,Recommended,234630,20167457,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BIZARRONO,"Like Assetto Corsa, a marvel of a racing simulator when it comes to graphics, sounds and AI. Another must have !!!"
,Recommended,234630,20271539,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RWB Amik,This game has good graphics.Would also like to mention a funny way to play the game:1: find a hidden spot in the track to park your car2: wait for the race leaders to appear3: drive the car into the middle of the road4: destroy each and one of your opponents' cars until you're the only one left.5 (optional): tell your team that another oponent is trolling at the hidden spot.6 (optional): get the mentioned opponent kicked/banned for trolling games.7: declare yourself as the winner since you are the last person able to finish the race.-It's important to rememba that graphics are the golden rule about gaming
,Recommended,234630,20165012,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mutant_Merino,"Forget the hate, this game is great. The physics feel much better than Shift 2 and the visuals are impressive even on a slower machine. Pray for the DX12 port!Wish more was going on online.If you have a high end machine, you will be impressed!"
76561198032349305,Recommended,234630,20165545,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SpeedFreakz,"Usually I'll wait for myself to get a little bit into the game with more hours, but I had to leave a quick review. I hesitated on buying this at first, Then I gave it a go. It's really fun to race in this simulator. The graphics really top notch (I'm using a GTX 970 so it's 1080p almost set at max.) I can run a full grid no problems. Kinda tricky getting my wheel setup. Easy navigation otherwise throughout the menu though. Night and rain racing gets the blood pumping. I would get it if you own a wheel or controller you won't be dissapointed...This is imo,Physics: 8/10Graphics: 10/10Racing A.I: 7/10Replay value: 10/10Car Choice: 9/10"
76561198058741111,Recommended,234630,24423935,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pavlovs Dawg,"guy in the car behind me was Paul Walker, he crashed his porsche..."
76561198301979027,Not Recommended,234630,25631484,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,turkin.ling,not ready for VR racing. it only make me sick.
76561198025841087,Recommended,234630,20166824,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,D.I.L.L.I.G.A.F,LOVE the australian bathurst race track ! but sadly no australian touring cars to use on it ?Any chance there will be AUSSIE ford and holden touring cars expansion pack coming out soon ????
76561198038004742,Recommended,234630,20190173,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Scorpion,Graphics are awesome on my GTX 960 4GB card :)
76561198027209660,Not Recommended,234630,24983814,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,groovieknave,"I got this cause I wanted to race with people, but it just isn't that fun. I mean once you're on the track and you are going it's alright, but to get to that point you have to deal with a lot of nonsense. It's about as interesting to drive as grand theft auto. It doesn't require much skill, but you can make it hard on yourself if you really wanted to. Anybody can pick up this game and win easily, which is pretty much the only reason to like it... but it's not very rewarding. Meaning, you just don't have much of a reason to play it. If you like casually racing it's cool, but if you really wanted a hard core racing game you'd look elsewhere."
76561198307280885,Not Recommended,234630,25203062,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,scaffyn,"How do change the screen size  ?     it show far to big on my 28i screen , on start up ???"
76561198149057109,Recommended,234630,28177269,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jake.gully,no
,Not Recommended,234630,33525851,Posted: 13 July,all,w a v e  m e g  a,"One of the most visually pleasing games ive seen. It really is. The problem is literally everything else. Ive spent countless hours going through forums and youtube videos trying to find FFB settings that dont feel like im playing Cruising USA at the arcade. regardless of my attempts to remedy this it still felt like total garbage. If you let the wheel go it snaps back to the middle so hard that its audible. Its a joke. Ive driven several different car at the limit and that♥♥♥♥♥♥just doesnt happen. Im a bit skeptical of the tire model as well. It takes little to tweaking to get good heat on racing slicks and you also really dont feel the tires hit the slip angle until youre pretty much out of control which which causes me to play it safe when I could be more agressive.Going back to FFB, the actual process of tweaking it is probably one of the least intuitive things ive ever come across. Unless you know what your doing or willing to spend a solid chunk of your time in trial and error you will need some sort of guide to help you. For it to still be trash compared to other sims.my advice is to go for Asetto, rfactor, or iracing. Hell, even raceroom feels better than this. Save your money save your time. theres much better to be had. 4/10"
76561198028210104,Not Recommended,234630,31710346,Posted: 12 May,all,mttprice,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,234630,23876622,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TAYK-47,its g00d d0g0
,Recommended,234630,23943339,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,owaelmo,"Definitely worth buying, 1 of the best racing games"
76561198099032833,Not Recommended,234630,24067198,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,knuglet,This game is unplayable on an Oculus Rift. Wish there was a way to return a game.
76561198116575038,Not Recommended,234630,33001655,Posted: 29 June,all,BORNEO,Spesifikasi recommended  tidak sesuai harapan....MENGECEWAKAN.....
76561198229779660,Not Recommended,234630,25077576,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lit,Throthle sensitivity is a scam! 0% throttle sensitivity will still be 100% GGWP dont buy this scam
76561197988725606,Not Recommended,234630,23307569,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ultravelocity,Graphics didn't look good on HTC Vive.
,Recommended,234630,15720243,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,WhItes0me,Awesome game!
76561198007322843,Not Recommended,234630,15734242,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,import-tuner88,"Will not run great on AMD R9 290 even with overclocking. Cars do not have any ""feel"" on a controller. I also prefer to race for money or credits to purchase new vehicles or upgrades. Sadly, all vehicles are unlocked from the get-go and no upgrades are available for purchase. I miss Forza 4."
76561198123587997,Recommended,234630,28609204,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,VP,Good car game
,Recommended,234630,28612893,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mighty_mike,Do you like cars? Do you like simulation? Then buy this game. Now.
76561198046211792,Not Recommended,234630,28798849,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Marm_,"I really want to like this game but using a keyboard and mouse makes it practically unplayable. Firstly there is no option for panning with the mouse to look around so that threw me off at first. Secondly, the steering with wasd is unsensitive (I have tried adjusting it) and so often I found myself spinning out uncontrolled. Finally, with a keyboard, the throttle maxes out as soon as you press a key, so the track is more like an ice-rink most of the time. In short, I would not reccomend this game unless you have a steering wheel and pedals. Other than that, the graphics are great and the selection of tracks and cars is superb! Great design, but I feel as though is is optomised for console rather than for PC."
76561198137747190,Recommended,234630,15739475,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sphinx,"I have played many racing sims over the years and i have to say that pretty much none of them are as good as this! Yeah, sure its not a full on sim racer like Assetto Corsa but from me its miles more fun.I started to love the game after about 15-20 minuets of playing the career in the Karts, yes the AI is ridiculousyl stupid and damn near dangerous! but it was still alot of fun. I then decided to try out the quick race weekend with the BAC Mono at Imola. (Starting on cold tyres is so much fun!) you have to take into account that you are on fresh rubber and they are cold, the slightest bit to much power or you turn in too hard, thats it, your done. You need to work the tyres in and yeah other sims have that but not like this. normally it would take roughly 1/2 to 3/4 of the lap to have heat in your tyres but this is different. It really tests you trying to push and still try and get heat into those front tyres. And just as you start to get a bit of grip in the tyres you can make that car dance around Tamberella.The feel for the tyres is amazing! i would say second to only a real car.The graphics are pretty damn good too. And im only running it on a crappy HD7850! The cars look amazing... Untill you crash and it gets damaged, but i guess that the damage is probably the best ive seen in a long time.This game hands down beats Assetto for car selection, track selection, car sounds and track detail. Like i say thats on a crappy 7850.To sum up i would higly recomend this game for anyone. easy 9/10. Unfortunatly it does lose one point because of that damn AI (fingers crossed for a fix soon)"
76561198036820694,Recommended,234630,15752615,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Master shiff,i like the game you have many cars to drive and lots of track but i can't see how this is realistic.either you drive to fast to go understeer or you drive slow to get oversteer there is nothing between until you can't even understand how cars moves at all.also like any other racing game if one of the AIs bump into you you lose control over your car and if you bump into someone else you lose control over your car at least here you can move them of their racing line
76561198021096798,Recommended,234630,15764106,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,c_swisher,"This game is like Shift 2, except a lot more polished in terms of handling, physics, and overall gameplay. The graphics are top notch, you're going to need a fairly powerful PC to run this game in all of its glory. My favorite thing about Career mode so far, is that you don't have to start with a junker and work to earn upgrades. You can pick a motorsport, and dive right in with the big dogs. A team will sign you and you will drive their car in championships. I picked GT3 racing, and got signed to a team that has a pretty sick Benz SLS AMG. You have a race engineer on your team, that will advise you on the car's performance, on anything that's relevant to the track, and more. You also have complete control over tuning the car's performance, everything from tire pressure to gear ratio.You can customize the diffiuclty of the game to your skill level, which I think is pretty awesome. You can drive with all the damage off, low fuel consumption, and almost no tire wear, drive assists, and a guiding line. Alternatively, people that are into simulation will definitely enjoy turning all the realism options on. I have mixed settings as I am not into complete simulation, and definitely not into that arcade feel. I've got the guiding line off, performance impacting vehicle damage, tire wear, and fuel consumption. I do keep things like ABS and traction contorl on. I think that if I had a wheel, then I wouldn't mind practicing with all the driving assists off, but seeing as I use a cheap Logitech F310 gamepad (which is actually not half-bad for this game), I opted for some assists in order to not make this game an exercise in frustration.It took me probably an hour and a half just to fine tune my gamepad settings, because the default profiles were incredibly bad. I can see how this could potentially turn some people off, but I mean with all the different variations of controllers out there, having a setting to accomodate each one would probably not have been feasible from a development perspective. You could be one of the lucky ones and have a perfect setup out of the box, or you might be in the same boat as me and will require some tuning. If you do have to tinker with the settings, persevere, as the end result is totally worth it once you get the feel just right.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys somewhat realistic racing games. If you're more into arcade racers, I don't think that you will enjoy this game as much."
,Recommended,234630,15745236,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Moose,"Project CARS is a little buggier than I would have hoped for in an official release.  The career mode is fantastic and the tracks are way better than any other similar games' tracks right now.  However, I'm disappointed there's no sort of crash avoidance by the AI, and they don't get out of the way for you if you're about to lap a car.  The AI drives kind of slowly in a very robotic path around the course.Cars that are prone to oversteer or have little drag by design (such as the McLaren F1) give no sort of feedback as to what's over the limit for its grip.  You can enter the same corner the same way 100 times, but whether or not you find the grip to make the turn can sometimes feel like you rolled a random number generator poorly.  I don't know whether the inconsistencies are supposed to be a simulation of tyre/brake fade but when the car isn't giving you feedback otherwise it's an annoying mechanic.Hopefully future updates bring improvements and fixes to some of the bugs and the AI, otherwise it's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,234630,15741516,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Youssef Karam,"Nothing beats Assetto Corsa in terms of physics and realism, but Project CARS did in terms of graphics and career. The physics aren't as good as AC but are a lot better than Gran Turismo and Forza. Considering the team they had, they could've done better, but I'd recommend this to anyone who's a car fanatic!"
,Recommended,234630,15726108,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,G Baby+1 - ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ [HPMC],"I'll make this short.... Overall NICE GAME !! i like it alot........... BUT the Driving in this game feels very sloppy like if you turn hard your car just keeps on going in that direction you were facing instead of turning or spinning out ... it kinda feels like the front wheels are just the actual rims you're driving on, you have no control of the car, and this is why i dont really like it, but i hope this is going to be fixed in the future !"
76561198045841860,Recommended,234630,15781809,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Urika,Brake while turning and you die.
,Recommended,234630,30378040,Posted: 7 March,all,Drakane,"reelisk, cooal, niece, sounfifier, nooiiiiice again, purty, lel Jk... Awesome game! You should really get it!"
,Recommended,234630,28597423,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Best Strike ___,chinese please
76561198015724149,Recommended,234630,32163463,Posted: 3 June,all,MonkeyGames,10/10..Would not go to work the next day again!!
76561198012915042,Recommended,234630,29801744,Posted: 9 February,all,erlingheusm1,"its good, but sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥no FORZA"
,Not Recommended,234630,29792974,Posted: 8 February,all,Imperialomni,"Note: If you plan on playing this game with a keyboard, don't bother purchasing no matter how cheap it can get unless you plan on buying those gaming steering wheels in the very very near future.Never have I ever refunded a game and this game was my first. The game has a very nice UI, with a great selection of cars for you to play around with. However, playing with a keyboard is like hell.Every attempt at turning sets your car spinning like a spinning top. Braking hard will definitely steer your car abit, but braking in this game is as if a bull is towing your car from the back.Pros, nice graphics.Cons, unplayable with a damn keyboard."
,Recommended,234630,16884532,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,LittlePig,Brilliant game!Don't be put off by all the bad reviews because I've not come across any of the bugs that have been mentioned.Online play is just as good as Gran Turismo 5 (with the lack of the Top Gear track ofc)Well recommend this game.
76561198027892819,Not Recommended,234630,16145442,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,|H1J4cK3r|Qc|,♥♥♥♥♥game .. hope for a forza ... no tuning ..... no modification .. no simulation ... want to get refound isnt a forza for pc dont buy ..buy asseto corsa ...
,Not Recommended,234630,22949476,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Reckless Sabatical,"For some reason, 20 VR games in and this is the only game to give me motion sickness."
76561198050248556,Not Recommended,234630,16216125,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wildereece,no
,Not Recommended,234630,17990426,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Major D,"Piece of crap, constructive criticism - yes , because i described what they gave us, a piece of the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥they made, the other pieces we have to buy over DLC ;)"
76561198069329483,Not Recommended,234630,18348101,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,zawitz,"I really wanted to play this game for a long time, now i've got it, n waited even longer to download it (slow internet) aaaaannnd it didn't work. It kept on crashing everytime i started it.I read multiple reviews and tried several ways to fix it, from updating the drivers, removing them and reinstalling them, switching to another gpu, fixing the voltage received by every single peice in my rag and many others... still didn't work!What a shame, lost almost 50$ just like that, for nothing :/"
76561198216690275,Not Recommended,234630,31837757,Posted: 19 May,all,ltlump,"I see a lot of reviews saying ""might be fine for more casual gamers but not a good racing sim because X"". I just figured I'd add my casual two cents to this one. If you don't have a wheel, the controls are awful (I tried both an xbox controller and a mouse). Even at a casual, low difficulty level, I found the AI incredibly unrewarding to race against. They just felt ""on rails"" to me, visibly doing things I couldn't regardless of skill and completely ignoring the player's location. The graphics were alright but overhyped. Plus I hear that the devs are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,234630,20204751,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,chubbypancakes,THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS DONT BUY IT
76561198002130380,Not Recommended,234630,16201926,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ocabi Musumi,worst piece of crap that ever been described as a racing game
76561198100901827,Recommended,234630,25770132,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,michaellwilde,Great racing game/sim. Realistic graphics and good physics.. Very immersive in virtual reality
,Not Recommended,234630,19325676,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hectics,0/10
76561198170902127,Not Recommended,234630,22869861,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,p0Rt@L,Horrible.
76561197989183155,Not Recommended,234630,22957052,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,adjed,"It's almost impossible to go though menus using htc vive and steam controller, it's just unplayable."
76561198051486673,Recommended,234630,15863982,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mnapier,great game! I would switch from iracing however the online mode is weak at best compaired to iracing and the only other complaint is that the tripple screen support suck no adjustments for fov angle etc....
,Recommended,234630,15866406,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,t   o    a   s   t,"Gorgeous graphics! Great Gameplay! Really love the variation of tracks. If anything, I think there could be some improvement in physics and steering."
,Not Recommended,234630,22621129,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Avg Joe,"Do you want a headache? If the answer is yes then this game is for you. You will have joy in learning what every little controller variable in the set up menu does as you try to get anything close to a realistic feel. You will expeirence the absolute joy in trying to get even a basic gamepad (xbox/ps) controller to work with this game. And you will have to do this for both a game pad and steering wheel everytime you start up the game, it's especially fun when the game crashes in the middle of races. Enjoy."
76561198007483155,Recommended,234630,15881354,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Enziet,"It's not a bad game. iRacing is of course the place to go if your serious, but so far this game seems good for practice and if you just want to derp around in a racing game."
76561198066395784,Recommended,234630,15838999,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,鬼 武士,"I would like to explain a few concerns which people are having about this game.1. It is not a pure simulator, something is a bit off about the handling. It is not far off at all, but it is off. If you were to put it on a scale with 1 being Need For Speed and something like GTR2 being a 10 (sorry, no iracing or rFactor 2 as I haven't played them) then it would be at a seven or an eight. I can't quite put my finger on what it is, but something seems slightly off.2. Mod support does not exist on a substantial level afaik, it was supposedly voted down by shareholders from what I can tell. There are skins and a few very basic mods, but nothing like new cars or tracks. This sucks, but there is still plenty of content in the game so if you are unsure about it being worth the money then I would suggest waiting for a sale.  Please note I might possibly be wrong, and please PM me if I am so I can fix this review.So why is my review positive? Because this game is the most fun I have had since GTL and GTR2. It is not the perfect sim so if you care about realism and nothing else matters buy AC, Rfactor2, iRacing, or any number of other pure simulators. If you want to have fun in an ""almost there"" game/sim then this game is a good option."
,Recommended,234630,15849582,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TurboMike,"It is a good handling game, if you can put a few laps in without losing control of your car. Until the tires warm up, its like driving on ice. I think there should be a difference in driving with the tires cold, but not like there is in this game.The game looks BEAUTIFUL! And it runs smooth too with a system that is a little over a year old and a GTX 660. I can't complain about the visuals.I like the Forza style of game, and thus far, this is not it. You are driving for others. The cars are not really yours. There is no financial aspect to this game.In conclusion, I would like to see Forza style handling and modification, Project Cars visuals, and Gran Turismo cars.In its current state I do recommend the game, just be cautioned about the handling going into it."
76561198036709443,Not Recommended,234630,20787033,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,HowardBeeBear,About me:- The Project Gotham Racing games (1 and 2) on the original xbox were my favourite ever driving games.- I find full race weekends tedious.- I hate 'Endurance races'.- I like to have fun when I play games.- I get a sense of achievement from expanding a minimal roster by spending 'kudos'/xp points.- I enjoy Grid Autosport.- I use a gamepad.Project CARS bored me. Returned for refund.
76561197993900153,Not Recommended,234630,23277529,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,USA BIG BAD DOG CATCH IF U CAN,"Hell i can go around coners faster in my Chevrolet Silverado 3500 Duramax 6.6Ldual one ton and i am a real car car driver too so i know what i am talking about. i drove the m3 BMW in the game it drove like♥♥♥♥♥♥dont handle good and i have a m3 BMW i drive every day it handles good and drives great in real life. The cars in the game drive bad dont handle good. You dum programs need to drive real cars then drive the cars in the game u can see the diff mybe. Cars dont handle good like in the race games dirt 3, f1 2014, grid or Toca race driver 3, Need for speed Hot Pursuit, dirt,  they have the cars driving like ♥♥♥♥ do not buy this game they need to fix it."
76561198122592592,Not Recommended,234630,18253965,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Filthy Casual,Pros:Fantastic gamegreat graphics even at lower settingsamazing gameplayfeels realfun afgood online communitygreat career modeHELMET VIEWtrackscarsKARTSCons:unhandled exception errorno fix for unhandled exception errorunhandled exception errorunhandled exception error crashes game at random timesunhandled exception errorsound is ehunhandled exception error
,Not Recommended,234630,24663294,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[NSA]toastdude123,"The most buggy game on earth, IT WONT EVEN GO FULL SCREEN FOR MY 3 DISPLAY SETUP!!!! ONLY WINDOWED"
76561198210910460,Not Recommended,234630,31940788,Posted: 24 May,all,๖ۣۜMista๖ۣۜMoar,After 6 hours of waiting for this to finish downloading I was greeted by an error that shouldn't be a thing since my pc is more than useable for this game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t/10 would not spend 6 hours of my life wating again.
76561198009895004,Not Recommended,234630,35089107,Posted: 20 September,all,Zil,BLUE FLAGS!??!??!?
76561198002128659,Not Recommended,234630,35000193,Posted: 16 September,all,Thebigpizzaking,Wanted it to be good but it is just terrible. Hope Project Cars 2 will be good.
76561198032830820,Not Recommended,234630,23778763,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,N1KLAR3N,"Beautiful game, handling with a gamepad makes the game almost unplayable."
,Recommended,234630,20408736,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Vaeiv,Yes
,Recommended,234630,32033054,Posted: 28 May,all,St31th_,"pretty fun, only buy this game if you have a wheel, otherwise ur gonna have no fun"
,Recommended,234630,15773521,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,African,n-needs more toyota suprasgood racing game
,Recommended,234630,32038764,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,nice
,Recommended,234630,32716099,Posted: 24 June,all,Nick Crompton,This game is for people who likes driving games
76561198151992073,Not Recommended,234630,15728354,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pajakus,"another broken,buggy,overhyped garbage i think im gonna change my hobby"
,Recommended,234630,15721871,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Samwise,"I drifted the Ariel Atom round a sloped corner while wearing a Rift, causing me to barrel roll multiple times through the air while it rained car onto the road. I wasn't physically nor emotionally prepared to be reoriented several times without any choice in the matter. As I felt my face hit the floor and my stomach prepare for ejection, I knew this was it. I'd found my dream game.Makesmevomit/10(Serious note; shadows DO NOT work in the Rift at the moment if that's important to you. The game looks beautiful with them off still, imo.)"
76561197992239391,Recommended,234630,15769692,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Chris,Awsome game. Its the perfect mix of Simbin and Arcade and looks stunning.
,Not Recommended,234630,25993118,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MethDog1000☏,Nothing special here EDIT: I feel like I should reiterate - there is nothing original about this game that would warrant its purchase if you have played literally any other racing game since Gran Turismo 2
,Recommended,234630,23825337,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ares,gud gjame
76561198066141550,Recommended,234630,23906803,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dimple,great game
76561198008819923,Not Recommended,234630,22508620,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Red,It's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198195490709,Not Recommended,234630,31068609,Posted: 10 April,all,Captain Crunch,"Good graphics, but pretty bad"
,Recommended,234630,20410662,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,juju,Best car game ever played!
,Recommended,234630,28618677,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JIONER [CN],it will be better if you guys can provide chinese version!
76561197977631439,Recommended,234630,16587837,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rettick,"Project Cars was first presented to me as a pretty arcade game with little to no substance.  That was wrong entirely.  While not a true ""Hardcore Simulator"", this game is pretty damn challenging in its own right.  In my limited experience, I've concentrated primarily on learning the cars and the physics engine that drives them.I first started in the Formula Rookie cars.  What a blast.  I jumped in the game, started a free practice and took control with my G27.  The first thing I noticed was that the car was predictable, and slow.  I couldn't lock the breaks, I could barely break the rear end free no matter how much I goosed the throttle.  I thought, ""Wow, this is boring as hell.  It's another stupid port or something from console.""I know I know, ""How ignorant of you!"".  Well, I went into the options and a whole new level of complexity presented itself.  Naturally, I turned off all assists, calibrated my wheel and pedals, set in cockpit with no HUD, and proceeded back into the free practice.  The first thing I noticed was that without the HUD in the way, I suddenly started to appreciate my surrroundings.I was at Sonoma, and it was early morning.  ""Hehehe Awesome!"" I thought.  Turn one, I hit the brakes and went careening off the track.  Tried to save it with a little gas.  I went into a flat spin like in Top Gun.  All I remember from that first crash was laughing hysterically and having the time of my life.The game really came to life after that.  I found it challenging to keep myself on my line and in control.  I could feel the little differences in the changing road under the car through the steering wheel.  And most of all, I felt true excitement again from a racing game.I personally don't play this game for the Career or the Drive ins.  They're fun, but the simple act of driving a race car is almost enough to keep me engaged for hours.  If I feel like racing, I'll run through the Career mode, practice working in traffic.But the most exciting thing is finding a group of great, friendly, clean racing people, and racing your heart out against them in multiplayer.  No 1st turn heroes, no dive bombers, or late breakers putting you in the wall.  It gets the blood pumping that's for sure.All this, I've found in Project Cars.  I would recommend this game to anyone who would like a DRIVING experience.  After all, if you can't drive it, you can't race it."
76561197991465949,Recommended,234630,29551422,Posted: 28 January,all,Gagarin,Better than any other racing game!
,Recommended,234630,29090343,Posted: 7 January,all,N A,nice game
,Recommended,234630,24800619,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Catalyst,Yes
76561198024655809,Recommended,234630,29588369,Posted: 30 January,all,werwolf388,"why does it keep telling me about the ""-novr"" launch parameter? really annyoing"
76561197972101505,Recommended,234630,15740225,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Nikolas Kelset,"I'd summarize my overall impressions in a sentence.Game is fun, has a very fun single player career, it's not a simulation and has nothing to do with the high simulations levels of Assetto Corsa wich remains (and it will remain for a looong time) the best sim racer for pc on the market ever.If you want a fun experience for single player with a good career it's a good game, fun and engaging. If you 're looking for the next gen simulation that's not for you.The graphics are good and the performance is rock solid on Nvidia cards (running on a titanX atm at 4k res). No crashes so far.But this may vary greatly on different rigs.Considering Assetto Corsa was made by..let's say 4 people to be accurate (but coded by 1 single person)  and Project Cars has hundreds of people working on it It tells you enough about the level of competency applied to PC that ,sadly, remains low.The graphics are not up to the hype nor the screenshots, I don't know why but the level of detail seems lower, by alot."
,Recommended,234630,34159522,Posted: 10 August,all,robidobban,Nice.
,Recommended,234630,29633623,Posted: 1 February,all,Walden med C,Realistic game! Good graphics.
,Recommended,234630,32300810,Posted: 9 June,all,Olly The Ostrich,nyoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom
,Not Recommended,234630,15729874,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,-DI- Abi,"For anyone who wanted this game for its hyped up realism, please just walk away. However if you enjoy difficult racing games whether the cars handle like♥♥♥♥♥♥or not then this might be the game for you :)"
76561197972372314,Recommended,234630,15773731,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Coowee,AC is way better for the feel and drive.But this so called sim has more tracks and cars.Would put my money in AC.......more life like.Out of 10......AC being a 10........PC only gets a 7.
,Not Recommended,234630,35139083,Posted: 22 September,all,Wasp,what a joke
,Not Recommended,234630,16231303,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jacob,Pile of garbage overrealistic ♥♥♥♥. Wasted my money thinking it was grand turismo for pc but i got grand kart racer xDXDXDXDX.
76561198206601403,Not Recommended,234630,23811820,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Efficient Dread,if you do not have a racing weel  do not get this game it is crap with a 360 usb contraler same with mouse and keybored go to turn and the weels just stick even going slow and its always to the left for me i know its not my contaler i use it with my 360 no problem might be fun with a weel not sure just stay away if you want to have fun
,Not Recommended,234630,26121621,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Aoyagi,"Overrated graphics, primitive collision physics..."
,Not Recommended,234630,18644377,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,oznckr,Dont buy!
,Not Recommended,234630,18418083,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RedMonster377,"to sum it up, its one of those games where they tried too hard to make it seem realistic, but just made it bad."
76561198294456501,Not Recommended,234630,30465477,Posted: 12 March,all,vlad76,"I got this game almost a year ago, and only played it 3 times max, cause it just sucks so bad.This is basically the same game as the 2009 Need for Speed - Shift, developed by the same Slightly Mad Studios and published at the time by Electronic Arts.They didn't even bother to improve it much, they just added new cars, and that's pretty much it. In fact some things are much worse than the original. For example, the shadows are just terrible and completely unrealistic. The effect is that the tires look like don't even make any contact with the asphalt. It's difficult to explain it, but the visual effect is as if the cars are floating in a plane parallel to and in front of the background. The whole thing looks and feels like a retro arcade game.The feeling is amplified by the poor quality and low rez of the backgrounds and other visual elements. I spun off the Silverstone track once, and ended up on the green face to face with a fire truck parked nearby, which, I swear, looked like it had come straight from Thomas the Tank or some other children's cartoon.I got duped into buying this game by the promos and the nice looking pics, but it's not like that.Don't make the same mistake."
,Recommended,234630,15719608,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DR Kr0nic,"Awesome, just awesome , Perfect Ballance of arcade and sim, physics are awesome, and it plays on damn near anything running on a 270 @1440P WITH NO ISSUESWell done Guys  you have a winne,r reccomend to all car racing fans if you liked grand turismo or forza you will love this"
,Recommended,234630,15878562,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,¢ℓσσтєяυѕ,this game is great.. thats really all i can say. havent really played it all that much but from what ive played so far im starting rethink why i even got assetto corsa.
76561198020558790,Recommended,234630,15750640,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,JFT96,"The best racing game to-date.The only racing game you need installed on your Pc or Console Right NowEverthing about this game is amazing, its all in game to see.The benchmark for racing games............A BIG 10/10 FROM ME...........In time this game will be a  (  RACING MASTERPIECE ) WHEN ALL THE SMALL BUGS IN GAME ARE FIXED.."
,Not Recommended,234630,19874936,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ThilocMoths,A meh
76561197961034544,Not Recommended,234630,20080174,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,krustydad,zero support. what a joke. still haven't turned a single lap
76561197997792540,Not Recommended,234630,20741384,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,hunt_r2,This Angry Man Sums Up My Project Cars Frustrations So Far
,Not Recommended,234630,25390153,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kazuya,"Simulator YES BUY IT!   Racing game NOPE!Really Really good simulator, stunning graphics and probably the best part of the game is the sound that comes out of the god damn cars, however nothing like i expected. boring and repedative gameplay with only about 20-30 cars that are all race spec cars and no customization or anything, just tuneing on an advanced level. I was expecting a game such as Forza or Grand Turismo with a collective gararge to obtain but you own everything on the get-go and career mode is the same. hense refunded however i was 50/50 questioning to hit yes or no on this recommendationg.as for a simulator review, this is a MUST GET! it supports even playstation and xbox steering wheels!"
76561198054428135,Not Recommended,234630,24948176,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CheefinCharlie,Not a fun racing game. Save your money and time dont buy it.
,Recommended,234630,17475906,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Tobbzon,Recommended for those who like races. Not me.
,Not Recommended,234630,33444490,Posted: 10 July,all,|Virolex™|,Very hard controls. I do like the graphical aspect; selection of cars is very small. Would not recommend.
,Recommended,234630,21640354,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kepler0,meh
76561198322458689,Not Recommended,234630,25897379,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,16flags,Not as fun as i expected. i first looked at the review on iGN before bying but i geuss you cant really know if you love it or not till you have tryed it. Play the game with a Razer Onza gamepad was just awful. The Cars felt way to heavy and even after adjusting sensitivity and dead zones ECT driving was still unpleasant and annoying.  Maybe on console the game could be enjoyable. I wouldn't recommend buying.
,Not Recommended,234630,25912369,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,don't give me names,Don't buy this if you don't have a steering wheel. I tried it with xbox360 controller and it just s*cks and there is no way to fix it. Just google 'project cars countersteer' or 'project cars xbox controller' and see how many people got problems.The user interface is the worst i've seen in the past years.
,Not Recommended,234630,32729679,Posted: 24 June,all,McPizdiec,"Awfull physics , awfull AI , not recommended. Launched the game , tried it , hated it , uninstalled it."
76561198072274794,Recommended,234630,16529342,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kuku Sint,wow steam  really      really   3 days after buying it full price    you jokeing
,Not Recommended,234630,34177462,Posted: 11 August,all,✪ gershon,.
76561198089743292,Not Recommended,234630,32760238,Posted: 25 June,all,Detective Baby Legs,DO NOT buy this game
76561198041036492,Recommended,234630,25682372,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Zecklord #1,This is an amazing game
,Not Recommended,234630,20233644,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dr.Larry,"This is not a fun game for me. There's a lot of issues with the actual game client itself that's not system related but game related. There's some options missing that are sorely needed and every change to the visual settings requires a restart of the game. There is no default settings option at least none that I could find which was a pain when I just wanted to get above 40FPS and set everything to high.The driving is just so incredibly boring. It's stiff. Really stiff. Messing with the sensitivity just results in oversteering(You actually have to lower your sensitivity as the default is way too high at 50!). Using a controller the steering just isn't smooth at all. It's like it's emulating mouse key presses and locking them at degrees to where your controller stick is. A little bit to the right this game isn't a little bit to the right in most racing games but it's as if you're quickly tapping a key on your keyboard. It feels janky...The multiplayer just sucks a fat one. I really can't explain how incredibly disappointed I am with it. All you have is Short or Long races. Long races can last a freakin' day but default to two hours! There's even practice rounds that are default to two hours! The MP browser is just terrible by any stretch of the imagination. You can't sort by ping, you can't sort by name, you can't sort by length, you can't sort by map unless you use the filters. The only way to find things is by using the filter options but there is NO sorting options at all. Even at that the filter options are extremely poor at best which makes finding the right lobby needlessly hard to do.MP is basically drop in and drop out from what I could see. You don't start a race with everyone else. You just kind of load in... take off from the pitstop... and drive around... you just keep driving. It seems incredibly pointless especially when races can last over an hour at a time and no one sticks around for that long. It's like paying for a drive around Mondello Park; it's you just driving around a professional track seeing how fast you can go. There may be other people on the road but you aren't racing them, you're not even competing against them. You're just driving. It's just so sorely lackluster and so unfun.I was expecting a good RACING game. I didn't get one. I had to refund this... Knew I definitely wouldn't get any enjoyment from this. Maybe you can but from what i've experienced, if you're in it for MP(Which I am), it's not worth the money even on sale for €20."
76561198036180635,Recommended,234630,15781653,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,trimm_11,"Can't find LAN Multiplayer, Don't think it has one."
76561198074604064,Not Recommended,234630,25921059,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,David Stirling,"Project CARS+great graphics and visual feel.-Force Feedback Is really terrible - one need to tweek FF in menu through 20+ sliders to make it work. Still it it not that good as like in GTR2, RaceRoom, LFS or RBR."
76561197970999635,Recommended,234630,25051435,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Vilmir,"It's beautiful, it turns very well, different cameras are awesome. The number of circuit, cars and the good menus will prolongate the pleasure.At the end, even with a gamepad, this simulator is interesting to play."
76561198353598019,Recommended,234630,29001823,Posted: 4 January,all,danibereczky,Yeah its gooodmy favouruite game
,Recommended,234630,29057926,Posted: 6 January,all,Pubic Hare,One of the greatest car games i've ever played !
76561198156166873,Not Recommended,234630,29745635,Posted: 6 February,all,iulian.caramitru,"too complicated FOR ME, a game is meant to be played, not to struggle"
76561198111992000,Not Recommended,234630,15772553,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,kanluxm,I really really was waiting this game!   the game is not done yet!!  a lot of problems!    online racing SUCK BIG TIME.the selection of cars very poor!   I mean pffffffffffff.......   a lot of stuff wrong!!!  ASSESTTO  is better   BUT the father of simulator always will be GRAN TURISMO 4 . 5. and  6.safe your money!
76561197989535096,Recommended,234630,15727854,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,sgtwhiskeyjack,Pulled a wheelie in a car11/10
,Recommended,234630,15776860,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AV|Master,It´s NFS Shift all over again... and no Nissan´s R34/5 fu***** lol
76561197974628635,Not Recommended,234630,16209272,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,5★ Hexperience (live),iracing.comis still the best
,Not Recommended,234630,30498940,Posted: 13 March,all,[YANKED] juanxd,bad game
76561198028340601,Not Recommended,234630,32285749,Posted: 9 June,all,UK_SPAWN,"Cant get a good pad config and the physics feel off.Looks good, Sounds average.Decent tracks"
76561198117632336,Recommended,234630,23988101,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tveith,"I find the controls for this game extremely frustrating. It's virtually impossible to make a tight turn as you would in a normal racing game. When turning the wheel and applying the brake, my car slides  off the track and hits a wall almost every single time. I spend more time crashing into walls than actually racing. I've played virtually every racing simulator at one time or another and this is the first time I've ever felt such frustration. The graphics are good and this is a decent VR game, but I can't recommend it until the controls are fixed and fine tuned. I was really looking forward to playing this game but I'm completely irritated by the control mechanism."
,Recommended,234630,15878137,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,chrisYcsc,Quick race weekend - Monaco - Max amount of AI cars - Raid + Heavy Fog - First corner... enough said.
76561198272714846,Not Recommended,234630,24717779,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,XxKwameKatanaxX,"I regret ever getting this game. Too realistic. However, this game is very appealing visually, but not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,234630,28592787,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cjie——炎,乘圣诞打折买了，进去找不到更改语言项。。。。什么时候出中文了再玩吧。。。。Please add simplified Chinese language！  then we play
,Not Recommended,234630,20160508,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jesus Christ,this game is pretty bad i did a poo when i played it because it was so bad and then showed it to the guy i hated the most so he would die lolololololollove cole xx
76561198048570994,Not Recommended,234630,28548441,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BowTieGuy,Not what I expected.
,Not Recommended,234630,23540568,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,INFOWARS  Стивен Сигал,horrible controlls imposible to play and overall just a dingus of a game
,Not Recommended,234630,27328297,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HunterVD,This pice of crap doesn't work for me. It crashes and says some EXCEPTIONAL ACCESS ERROR and never crashes. I cant play it. I just bought the game and my pc is i5 6600k nvidia 1060 6gb and 16gb ddr4 ram. I mean WTF
76561198036137342,Recommended,234630,15719930,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ShimaPanzer,Assetto what?
,Not Recommended,234630,32717735,Posted: 24 June,all,Morty Smith,The game won't be enjoyable unless you have a wheel and controllers and keyboards result in spinning out several times and the AI is as dumb as bricks
,Recommended,234630,25891288,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,✅ Vinigas,"15min gameplayThose sounds of engine is pure sexy. Probably the most acurrate car race simulator, a lot of cars.Runs 30fps on potato, awesome.**inserts ""feels good meme"" **"
,Not Recommended,234630,25830696,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lotto,Just never worksRecommend against it
,Not Recommended,234630,29627432,Posted: 1 February,all,Oliseo,"All I can safely say is that those who like this game have never driven a real car.They can't possibly have.I usually refrain from making personal accusations like this, but this ""community"" has a reputation for dishing it out like the Spanish Inquisition did when someone dare question the sanctity of the Church.Let them come with their pitchforks and torches.  I'll be waiting for them at the bus stop."
,Recommended,234630,32813199,Posted: 26 June,all,CRAZYBOY,its awesome the games realism is prettty good its settings are fantasic and there are so many things to do                                               9.5/10
76561197975449131,Not Recommended,234630,25907590,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dunravin,"It doesn't drive like Assetto... although it looks great the simulation side of it is not what I'm looking for, feels particularly arcade like after spending so many hours in the better product. Sorry fanboyz"
,Not Recommended,234630,18431540,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,GarbInC,-
,Not Recommended,234630,27718321,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ravstar118,My friends are too good
76561198274321470,Not Recommended,234630,26237645,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rjd2fast4u,This was one of the worst car games ever because the cerar mode is very bad and the game is very buggy. I completly recoment The Crew
78459783849648567,Not Recommended,234630,24836951,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,soćno meso,"you cant buy cars, this is why game isnt so fun"
,Not Recommended,234630,29786705,Posted: 8 February,all,typhy,i love Car this not that good though. single play progression doesnt fel good  and ai suck u can buy a used ps2 and gran turismo for this price even when its on sale. sorry project car
,Not Recommended,234630,28520704,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ZapiX -RB-,"Do not like this game at all, limited to track races only and cant customise cars like wat u could do in forza, recommended for a racing sim but not recommended as a casual racing game"
,Not Recommended,234630,29793994,Posted: 8 February,all,Reed Spacer,Don't buy if you only have an HDD. This game will overload it and crash every 20-30 minutes or if you scrolls through the cars too quickly.
76561198014717861,Not Recommended,234630,24082314,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MikeOxsbig,The game sounds and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY IT
,Not Recommended,234630,32713191,Posted: 23 June,all,Lamcham,http://lmgtfy.com/?q=How+to+refund+a+game+on+steam
,Recommended,234630,23970588,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cyprien (1003.6),Tekodian's Rating(1) Doesn't work(2) Not Recommended(3) Buy on Sale(4) Worth your money(5) Must buy
76561198276082159,Not Recommended,234630,25413724,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DR.BAMBI-1,NGG
,Not Recommended,234630,32309872,Posted: 9 June,all,Bluohazard-,ojok main iki pokoke
,Not Recommended,234630,31296454,Posted: 22 April,all,JackGaming csgocrasher.gg,to tecinal
76561198171091713,Not Recommended,234630,32191598,Posted: 4 June,all,-JackRabbit-,did not like how the game felt and handeld. I played with settings or an hour be for giving up.
76561198169276249,Not Recommended,234630,35293958,Posted: 29 September,all,AdeXu,We need Chinese !!!
,Not Recommended,234630,15723199,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,R3MaK3R,"This game is great, it really is. The driving is great. Wide variety of cars. Heaps of tracks. Deep career mode. Car tuning. Statistics. Multiplayer. Community Events. Time Trial.... and more to come in the future !There is just one problem here, it doesn't feel as amazing as it is. Not as in the feeing of the cars(which is very good) but in things like how information is presented. The menus are just messy and confusing. It doesn't make you feel like a race driver. You really have to try and ignore the presentation of the game and imagine how much better it could be to make the game feel great.I played the game during early access and always thought they had just never quite have the greatest user interface and menus, something I thought would be overhauled by the time. The full release is here and nothing has changed.It is a strange thing because it HAS all the features and everything in the game already; there is nothing missing from the game. It is just waiting to be unleashed.This is what I think will put most people off the game because they won't realised how great the game is hidden behind the bad visual presentation(again the graphical visuals are crisp and clean and very well done)... The thing about this is that I can see signs of a great presentation all of the place, I just feel if SMS took the time to redesign how the game was presented they could have really made this the amazing game that it is.It's like the room got messy and they didn't bother to clean it up, everything is in the room but it is just jumbled around everywhere and all you can see is a mess if you don't know where anything is or what it does.For any game trying to make it with a mainstream audience the presentation is much more important than the gameplay, in fact presentation IS gameplay. It's like when you go to a expensive resturant and everything is expertly cooked and everything about the taste is perfect, but if made it to your table and it just didn't look very apealing you probably won't enjoy it as much simply because it didn't look that good. You would feel a bit ripped off.With such a great game you need great presentation. I just couldn't recommend the game in the state it is and I don't know if it will get better with time when the problem is so fundamental. I couldn't imagine SMS doing such a big change to the presentation."
76561198017306974,Not Recommended,234630,15730805,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ante,Spin boring game
76561198095172981,Not Recommended,234630,23422741,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,novagas240,crap!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,234630,29825559,Posted: 10 February,all,Testarossa,Too realistic
,Not Recommended,234630,17976295,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[PEPO] | Tom Cruise |,28 mins of gameplay and i already broke my xbox controler cause the cars would just go straight in the ditch or do a 180 turn. (no its not my gamepad i tried with keyboard and my wheel as well) 0/10 would not recommend this game to anyone
,Not Recommended,234630,25437841,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,"Screenshot Simulator 2015EDIT: Saying as how NO major changes were made to the game in order to improve it in any significant way, I can only assume this game is still in the same broken state as it was at its release. The constant influx of positive reviews is indicitive of how rabid the community was for shilling the game before it even released, as most of the reviews talk nothing about the actual content of the game or what it does well.Abandon all hope yee who enter here."
76561198189697265,Not Recommended,234630,24834071,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,F1detka,.
,Not Recommended,234630,23999656,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nedmac,"No left foot braking.Can't access options while in race.2/10, would refund again"
,Not Recommended,234630,26442968,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Firewauker,bad
76561198046566344,Not Recommended,234630,25838525,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,godzilla_7,this game have only bugs beta
76561198032737082,Recommended,234630,15720319,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Eber,It's an ok simcade.RaceRoom is better than this simcade.Assetto Corsa still the best and only simulator out there!
76561198114343219,Not Recommended,234630,17904056,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TurboNoob,Review:-------------------Trash-------------------End of review.
76561198142594319,Not Recommended,234630,32270997,Posted: 8 June,all,That1guy2477,The game phisics are very weird
,Not Recommended,234630,28540757,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,VirginLamb,"Don't buy it, the gameplay is awfull"
76561198295991175,Not Recommended,234630,27582741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,*10y/o* #McGregorisbettertbh,Alright ik that a lot of people are thinking. Ah this game is great on computer bec of graphics and good frames. BUT WAIT YOU NEED TO HAVE A CONTROLER OR A STEERING WEEL FOR THIS GAME!!! NO KEYBOARDS WILL DO WELL OK. JUST LETTING YOU KNOW SO YOU DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID.
76561198255625290,Not Recommended,234630,33554751,Posted: 15 July,all,Nick Wooster,I have no idea what is this game about. 100% boring and unplayable. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,234630,15721681,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Honey Badger,"Great game, Driving is very realistic, Damage is very realistic. Only thing I don't like is lack of customizing cars, buying and owning your own cars, I hope they add a DLC that adds customizing.I don't recommend this game because of the lack of customizing options. They have allot of tracks but not the most like they promised. If you like to just race realistic this game is for you. I am glad I did not pay but half price for it.The graphics are alright, Nothing like the screenshots though, I have everything on ultra and its no where near as good as the screenshots."
76561198114253002,Not Recommended,234630,15723689,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dougo222,I do not like this game because of the lack of vehicles. I would not reccomend this game to anyone who wants to be able drive almost any car like forza.
76561198084018454,Not Recommended,234630,25894779,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,joelrenaud564,if your not a veryyyyyyyyyyyyy patient person dont buy this game .
76561198055885050,Not Recommended,234630,25877242,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BatShitCrazy!,Not enough cars.
,Not Recommended,234630,32166266,Posted: 3 June,all,Che Cheng Lin,"boring, i have a very powerful pc and graphics, this game is not worth the money, i would say 2014 grand turismo 5 is even better than this junk. waste of money, do not get fool by the advertisement. when ever you crash there is ♥♥♥♥ing sound lagg . personally i would go for asserto corsa."
,Not Recommended,234630,23767811,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Fabulous DiesL,no
76561198157272545,Not Recommended,234630,15721245,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,michaelbdesigns,"Very very limited Oculus Rift Support! Most feature are completely Unavailable when using VR! Unfinished Product!Game absolutely horrible without the help of third party sofware on the Oculus Rift! Not too mention all the features that are completely Unavailable when using VR No Telemetry, No Lap info, Split/Delta, Speed, no Map and no Gear info etc. Nope not if you use the Oculus Rift not to mention you have to open and close the game to set things up can't use menus while using VR and too think these a holes advertised Oculus Rift support well that's BS! Where is the integrity great game but Very limited VR and no support or even a simple paragraph of info for the Oculus Rift. The game does work in VR but again most features don't so why advertise that it does? Once you set up third party software and read forums on how to setup, game play with the Oculus Rift DK2 is great but only after hours of adjustments! But not so great seeing I just payed $50 for a game that has ""Oculus Rift Support"" in big letters on their website. So yeah great game false advertising! This is an UNFINISHED PRODUCT! I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (and many other agency's) I hope Slightly Mad Studios gets Fined!Note: review is for VR other than that I'm enjoying game would give it a rating of 8.5 or better as far as the game itself goes!"
,Not Recommended,234630,19239282,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,sanderson2372,"I am looking for a game similar to Forza, and this has to be the closest. This game needs one thing to be fun, a rewind otpion while racing."
,Not Recommended,234630,23839629,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xstarmax,Negative because it's not Crossplatfrom.
76561198122352089,Not Recommended,234630,15722216,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,x420xBliss,Call this suck♥♥♥♥♥game slip slide racing............... I want my money back
,Not Recommended,234630,32306385,Posted: 9 June,all,Turpin,bad just bad open world my butt
76561197969819787,Recommended,234630,17839590,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Amik,"Good game, and optimized graphics. However i wish that some of the terrain would be more detailed. Still decent enough to be worth your time.Would also like to mention, the funniest things about this game.1: find a hidden spot in the track to park your car2: wait for the race leaders to appear3: drive the car into the middle of the road4: destroy each and one of your opponents' cars until you're the only one left.5 (optional): tell your team that another oponent is trolling at the hidden spot.6 (optional): get the mentioned opponent kicked/banned for trolling games.7: declare yourself as the winner since you are the last person able to finish the race.-It's important to rememba that graphics are the golden rule about gaming"
,Not Recommended,234630,27299772,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jerome the black magician,hate it (Kappa)
76561198297129852,Not Recommended,234630,29629208,Posted: 1 February,all,16.kennys csgo-skins.com,the game doesnt open pls dont dowloadnd
76561198068346937,Not Recommended,234630,15721554,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Milkman3234,its a bad game there is no point to the carrer you already get the very little cars that are in the game and there is no custimization what so ever the controls aren the best i say its not worth the 50$ and looks like more of a free to play game
,Not Recommended,234630,15719435,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,GLITCHFACEPLANT,"So, although I've only driven for 10 minutes I can already tell you that this game is just not worth the money. Assetto Corsa, a game that costs less and is not even finished feels far better over all, has better graphics and is a game that I actually like to play. Project Cars feels like a console game in regards to the graphics and the way cars handle - Unless it's a bug, any car apart from an LMP1 car is impossible to control and is just plain unrealistic. Although it may seem small, the sun rays and lens flare effects when in first person are almost blinding and glitch through decals on the windscreen every few seconds (plenty more bugs like it appeared throughout my 20 minute experience) - I really didn't expect this from a £40 2015 ""driving simulator""...If you're not willing to purchase Assetto Corsa however, Project Cars is almost certainly the second best option for you - It is up there when it comes to PC driving games (due to the very low number available), but due to the cost and high anticipation I had for it, I'm incredibly dissapointed - Assetto Corsa is just a better game overall. It is very early days however and so I'll give it time but for now, back to Assetto Corsa."
,Not Recommended,234630,15719526,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,iigloo,GRID Autosport is far better when it comes to handling the car and how it actual feels to drive. The graphics is not good either. Feels like playing a 5 yo game.
,Recommended,234630,15859317,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,John S͘teamOS™,"Flipping my review, as Slightly Mad have made the changes I compained about below.Wonderful VR support now, and Oculus' SDK .08 makes it easy for guests to see an unwarped version of the game on a traditional screen.Very welcome improvements, and eager to see more in the future.I've left the old review below for comparison.Old:Cannot recommend this game right now as a DK2 owner.Sad to see so little progress on the VR front, as that was what I was most excited about.Normally I wouldn't knock the devs so hard on this, but if you claim to support compatibility with Oculus, you at the very least need menus that operate within the HMD.Not only are the menus a pain, but once in-game, the 3D is completely botched. Cockpit looks great, but anything past that is just a jumbled mess. Nauseating and distracting.Assetto Corsa has better DK2 support, as it uses a launcher you can dock on one monitor, and launch the game on the rift, but it's incredibly disappointing that both AC and now Project Cars can't provide an experience on par with the free Live for Speed.Again, cannot recommend for DK2. If they add menus floating in 3D space, then I'll recommend it."
,Recommended,234630,15723647,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,pery,"OLD REVIEW (NEGATIVE): Great game but does not work with Oculus DK2 fine, and I bought it just for that. :(EDIT: NOW is playable in VR, so I change my vote to positive"
,Not Recommended,234630,15742799,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,EtTuBruh,"I wanted to update my review on Project CARS as I can no longer recommend this title.Why? Because it's a boring game. For a racing game, it is so god awfully boring to drive or race. Racing is more of a chore than it is fun in this game, especially do to the awful AI that essentially ramps its speed up or down depending on the 0-100 slider. The way that AI is leagues faster in the rain, has incredibly erratic pit schedules, and just overall seems to be driving a different race than you, is frustrating. For those who have played Civ V in great depth, it's reminiscent of how the highest difficulty AI doesn't necessarily outplay you - it just plays a different sets of rules than you.The physics in the game are good to me, but it falls in this strange area of not exactly sim, but not at all arcadey. I (somewhat controversially) prefer it to Assetto Corsa, which feels like cars on ice skates, but it still isn't 'fun' to drive. Many of the cars are just plain awful to drive, and on top of that, they don't feel fast. It's a strange sensation to be going down the Mulsanne at 180+ mph and not feel any sense of speed. This makes free lapping feel bland and doesn't drive me to try and beat my times. Coupled with few cars/tracks and numerous cars/tracks locked behind DLC, and it's awful.Online is particularly dead these days unless you get involved with some sort of league, which are still small.From a technical standpoint, graphics are outstanding, sounds are very good, and setting up controls were fairly simple for me.In short, it's a pretty game with nothing fun to do inside of it. Racing the AI is boring, being alone is just useless, and there's so much cut content that you'll be paying $50+ to hotlap for 5 minutes and then go play something else."
,Recommended,234630,15913615,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Psychoza,Amazing :)
,Not Recommended,234630,15759444,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,qettyz,Compared to Assetto Corsa this is arcade racing.
76561197971432182,Recommended,234630,16945961,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mr. Penguin,Unfortunatelly this game still has some bugs like:-game freezes screen but sound keeps showing as usual;-sometimes you get into a race event and it never starts dispite of # players aplying to start it;-several times people wrap during the green flag and hits everyone in front destroying the race;-the graphics are amazing but its usual to get the instance with some bug to play.
76561197971626998,Recommended,234630,16749708,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,akiratasoeur,"Horrible performance.  Synchronization issues between GPU and CPU make the experience horrible with frequent jumps.  Unrealistic car behaviour, untuned physics settings, jerky car movement when steering abruptly and the need to restart the game for every modification is less than desirable.Also the game needs some serious fine tuning.  A Mclaren P1 should be able to take a turn at 25 mph without understeering in dry conditions.UPDATE:  Recent patch improved frame rate and synchronization issues.  It's much better now.  The only issue is the control sensitivity with the gamepad which is very high even when set to the minumum value."
,Recommended,234630,19569536,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,вжух,"The game isnt fun, because it has to many bugs. I have terrible fps in races that involves 2 or more cars. ( r9 290). I have been waiting for an update that would fix all this for me, but it still isnt here and I dont think ittl be here soon. I would pick even NFS Rivals over this anyday-EditI finally can play the game as it should."
,Recommended,234630,16622505,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LeandroAesir,"The user interface and the graphics is really good, but i preffer de physics in a race game and in this aspect, i stick with ""Assetto Corsa"". But still, is a very nice game and physics."
76561198171417254,Not Recommended,234630,20556422,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Aidos,"Overall it's a really good game, with amazing graphics (no other racing game comes even close), amazing sounds and models. Car physics works really well too. My only complaints are 1. Bots are incredibly stupid, they ram you at every chance they get and 2. For some reason SMS don't believe in saving your controls (if you switch between wheel and controller like I do you're gonna have a bad time) and saving your hud settings. But overall the game is awesome and most of the DLCs are worth it too!Update: This game is largely unchanged, same issues still exist. Bots still don't acknowledge your existence, and the problem with the HUD's settings is still there. But they have no problem in putting out more and more DLCs. They give us an Indy car and stock cars but no oval track, yep makes so much sense. And so I will no longer play this game, the visuals and the sounds are polished very well but that's it. I'd much rather play Dirt Rally, a much much more realistic and enjoyable driving experience."
,Recommended,234630,15734914,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Falsedeath,"Initial Review: So this is more of a Simcade racer. It has sim elements but still has a arcade feel to it. That being said the game looks beautiful, Compared to Forza and Gran Turismo this one tops them both. a couple things need to be fixed in a upcoming patch but other than that I give it 2 thumbs up.EDIT: 6JUN2015.   I dont know what they changed but it was playable before now i cant even break 30 FPS. WTF?????EDIT 2: They fixed there♥♥♥♥♥♥ The VR Support is nice."
76561198092582635,Not Recommended,234630,16049899,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,HollywoodPurpose,This game is crap compared to Grand Turismo 5!
76561198058418645,Recommended,234630,17130513,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,VivifiedStriker,"It's sad to write this review in all honesty. This game had so much potential but most of that was fueled by overhyped marketing. The graphics are no where near what was portrayed, while they can be very pretty at times it takes alot of gpu and cpu power to get them there. Heaven forbid it rains while you are racing, you'll watch your frame rate nearly get cut in half with a field of cars. As the game ages many of the bugs will be worked out as is the case with most games. But with the Developer already working on a sequel I can't recommend this game knowing full well the ball was dropped early on.EDIT 12-2-2015Having went back and gave the game a go a second time I will say that many of the bigs have been worked out. With ongoing DLC the game overall feels more like a finished product. I still can't help but feel that so much focus was put into the graphical details of the cars and the track surface that much of the surround environment was over looked though.EDIT 4-12-2016Having taken a few months off from the game I decided now would be a good time to give it another go. Many of the initial issues have been sorted at this point. To get a good feeling for each car though alot of tweaking needs to be done. Thankfully though there is a strong community behind the game. The DLC and the modest price that is charged for it has also helped make the game alot better than it was. I hope the developers will learn from many of the mistakes that were made early on in this game and that Project Cars 2 will be better at launch. If you enjoy racing I would be completely fine recommeding this game at this point. Just be prepared to spend a good amount of time changing FFB settings and finding the sweet spot for graphics (i.e. your game doesn't drop to 15fps with a full field and rain)."
76561197976030327,Recommended,234630,15787254,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Flag1944,"Update 5-17-2016:Everything I've said about this titel still holds true besides the optimization. The game runs quite smoothly now on max settings.I now give this game a thumbs up for one and only one reason - VR Support.So if you have an Oculus Rift or HTC VIVE and like racing titles - this one will not disappoint you.As it stands today, it is the only racing title available on the Vive and even with the wonky physics, subpar FFB and horrible sounds is the most immersive among all the other sims. You actually feel as if you are behind the wheel while surronded by nothing but the car and track.If you don't have an Oculus or Vive then my negative rating still stands (unless of course you like arcade racers)-----------------------old review below-----------------------------------------Pros: Decent graphicsNice car selectionNice Track SelectionWeather effects are niceCONs: mediocre physics (not a simulator in any way shape or form)Weak FFBNo Triple Monitor support (this is the reason for the negative review - the other problems I could live with)Bad optimization (this game is not as advanced as some would like to believe and uses way more resourses than games with much more to offer)Many bugs (are currently being addressed - so we'll see)Feel like I jumped the gun when I preordered this game. I was under the impression that this was supposed to be a  simulator and being such would include triple monitor support and decent FFB. In it's current state it is nothing more than SHIFT 3 with a different name. I may be happy with this game if I had it for console or only used a single screen with a gamepad to play, but this is not the case.So if you are  a  console player or use only 1 screen with a controller and like arcade racers this is a good title for you.If you have thousands of $$$$ invested in highend video cards / overclocked processor, dashboard setups and triple monitors. This game is sadly a waste of all that equipment.There are plenty of great sims out there - this is not one of them"
,Recommended,234630,16501970,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Trem Fury,"Originally I was having a lot of issues trying to get this game running and/or keep running and my previous review reflected that...The problems were fixed BUT a few months ago things got a WHOLE lot better... Virtual Reality!With the fixes and the addition of VR I figured I'd best come back and re-write my review and say ""Thank you!"" to the devs for their hard work.This game played in VR is fantastic! I have the Oculus Rift CV 1 (also previously had the Oculus Rift DK2) and this game in VR runs totally smooth (though I had to disable one of my Titan X's because VR and/or this game didn't like SLI) and it looks and plays fantastic!Playing a game on any monitor no matter what size, 3d or surround can't beat VR - it's like you're sitting the in the car and really taking part in the race!You can watch the drivers feet as he accelerates, brakes and uses the clutch to change gears.You can watch the dials as you rev/accelerate through the gears.You can look around the interior of the vehicle you are driving.You can easily check the mirrors to check for opponents around you.You can look into the corners perfectly as you maneuver through them.In short this game + VR is the way it needs to be played!Highly recommendable and thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,234630,15819741,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,AiMERZk[A],"one of the best games in my opinion, I recommend it 100%"
76561198017969833,Not Recommended,234630,21697818,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tim,"Good game. Was hopping for a more realistic carreer simulator like having to worry about repairs and money ect ect. but still more reason to play than just good graphics and unlocking more pointless cars such as forza and GT.Problems are all over the place though. controls are way to weak at times, unplayable with high power cars in the rain. Played 30 hours or so and uninstalled it."
,Not Recommended,234630,15731262,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,akrovatis1979,After  what  is  something  like  almost  a year after   release   the  game  gives the exact  same feeling:  an  unfinished  product. What  really  strucks  my  though  is  that  SMS rather than  concentrating  in  completing  the game  are  releasing  DLC's  with a few cars  +  tracks  each.  This  is  simply  ridiculous. I am not  planning  to invest  neither  on  this game nor  on  the  upcoming PC2.Now  as far  as  it concerns the  gameplay itself:  If you drive  a real simulator  such as  Assetto Corsa  and  then  jump in the  same  car-track  combination  driving  on  Project CARS you will  immediately realise why this  game  simply sucks. It's  almost  like  half the  driving  experience is not there  (needless  to say both games  require a steering  wheel). In  a  couple  of words  this  is a NFS  shift re-release for god sake...
,Recommended,234630,19631818,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,RAZ ✪,"nice game, nice gameplay, JUST NEED MORE CARS!! because the cars its what people love more in racing games, without  without more variety of cars people just get bored of the game!!"
76561198160435204,Recommended,234630,20798159,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,chenyu0605,best racing game ever。 nice。
,Recommended,234630,28580476,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MU,game $30controller $300
76561197970406442,Recommended,234630,28669782,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tim,Lots of variety and authenticity to real life motorsports series. A great simcade for both single and multi player!
76561197992960498,Recommended,234630,28569489,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Baiwozh,"I haven't played it a huge amount yet but I quite like it and hoping to get more into over the next few weeks. In common with a lot of games/sims of this genre you can't help thinking if some things are down to you or if you haven't found a setting somewhere that you should be tweaking. Personally I would like to be able to play ""out of the box"" without having to learn loads of settings and spend ages tweaking my wheel to be just so but it does seem, from what I've read on the forums, that that's not the case with this.Case in point is driving a FWD Clio at Brands Hatch. Now I race FWD cars in real life and Brands is my home circuit. Driving the car in this game (at least with the default setup and with a few recommended tweaks I've tried) bares very little resemblence to reality. It is a common problem with race games/sims. Most people prefer big powerful RWD cars so the FWD ones never seem to get the same attention.The fastest way to drive an FWD car is to trail brake deep into the corner to keep the weight on the driven wheels and, in some corners, to turn in early and use the understeer to pull you onto the correct apex point while being on the power early. Doing either on this can give some very odd results which seem to vary for more than they should do with tyre temperature and pressures.I'm going to carry on tweaking diff settings etc until I get it handling the way I think it should but it would have been nice if it was closer to start with."
76561198024799817,Recommended,234630,28723569,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tiraxon,"At this moment I was totally a Assetto Corsa fan until Project Cars go into sale. From now on I can easily say there is a huge difference between two games. First of all Project Cars got better reality on both handling the car and on visual effects. Project cars got more bigger car collection then Assetto Corsa but its not includin Lamborghini and Ferrari which make me feel a little  bit sad about it. So the my final decision is if you want to pay for a real racing game and want to decide between Project Cars and Assetto Corsa, buy Project Cars! My Assetto Corsa days are over."
,Recommended,234630,28814817,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,shaninonin,It's pretty fun! Finally found a game that satisfies my Gran Turismo nostalgia ;)
,Recommended,234630,28734869,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,philltwo,"Although the graphical quality on Ultra is so beautiful that you could fool an average parent that you're streaming a real race when using a TV-Cam perspective at replay, i want to ALERT you. This game requires a huge amount of PC-performance. Compared to Codemasters F1 it's scripted worse. So make sure that your PC is powerful.Great simulation, but sadly I encountered Trolls Online. Admins have been fishing at that time, i guess."
76561198132856787,Recommended,234630,26116433,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Fenraya,Its nice
,Not Recommended,234630,15719656,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Slab SquatThrust,"""Cut track detected""Ergh."
76561198113929845,Not Recommended,234630,20980905,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ozzy Osbourne,This game is a joke. It would be good if every 5 seconds it didnt slow down and then go supersonic speeds to catch up again.
,Recommended,234630,25928768,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DeX-files,"Fun. Beautiful. Challenging.This game will drown you in content. There's a ton in the base game and even more in the DLC's.If you're like me, you will end up spending way too much time in menus.They're pretty menus though."
,Recommended,234630,28541506,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Teamspeak_WG,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesnt detect the pedals so i cant do anything... And the developers just stop answering to the threads after a whileEdit: Removed some parts of my Steering wheel and now it works... Still kinda sad but I can finally Play it. Changing my review from negative to positive.
76561198175178995,Recommended,234630,23335915,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Randpage,"This boils down to two things: Are you an AMD user or an Nvidia user? If you have an AMD card I strongly recommend you don't buy this unoptimized P.O.S. The GPU utilization in MSI Afterburner looks like an EKG readout of someone having a massive heart attack. If you have a Geforce GPU and you like racing games go ahead and buy it. I've owned this game for about a year now and it still runs like dogsh** on my 390X. It doesn't matter who is to blame, whether it is AMD, nvidia\'s or SMS\s fault is immaterial. Broken is broken and it doesn't look like it will ever be fixed.*UPDATE* 12-3-16Anow now I'm eating my words. Not sure if there was an update or what but the game is now running better than Asseto Corsa. I easily get over 100 fps with the same settings as I used before with the previous review. Game is way more enjoyable now!"
,Recommended,234630,24741965,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,hi11i3r,"UPDATED 31/12/16 - It promises alot, and falls short on execution, but there can be no question of just the sheer amount of content. If you can put up with resetting your desktop EVERY time you play, the often crash and tedious career, you will be rewarded with many hours of fresh play due to a huge number of tracks and cars. Driving model is sophisticated enough to translate setup changes into tangible improvements in driving. Working damage model with dynamic weather. Post-processing effects clean up some awkward modelling. Should have replay music. Shame the devs stopped, alot could be fixed. With a wide variety of cars (that handle somewhat the same) it's a nice casual driving game that is second to your favourite sim.TL;DR A buggy pseudo-sim that thinks too much of itself. More day-time soap than primetime drama. Glamour over subbstance.ARCADE racer with sumptuous graphics, multitudinous content and a plethora of options. Nice idea, if you can get it to work. Which the devs haven't managed throughout years of development, and you wont manage to as the devs have done nothing about the bugs.Suspension simulation is VERY simplistic and tyre modelling the same, can lead to some very unrealistic physics, tho these can be used. (Think NFS/Grid) The cars never really fell ALIVE as they do in Richard Burns or Assetto Corsa. It's like they tried to make a late '90s racer with better graphics, which they do. (Gran Turismo or Forza would be a better option for driving feel) The AI that everyone complains about would be on par with Grid or an earlier Gran Tursimo. I could see how it would annoy you if you were seriously practicing your line, but this isn't THAT game, so Assetto Corsa would be a better choice. Arcade racing is all about careless jostling for position, if that annoys you, this is not the game for you.The UI is SO self-congratulatory, think cross between Grid and GT6 with an irritating voiceover from NFS, it's not hard to see why the community is filled with first-time sim fans believing they're the first to ever learn a racing line. FFS, they even have fake tweets and news articles about your career races (some of this love would have been better spent on the driving model) Likewise the EPIC music that is playing over EVERYTHING that leaves you covered in so much self-love you feel like a month-old bottom sheet on a teenagers bed.Graphics are mainly post-process bling (Grid, I'm looking at you) though the tracks have an enhanced sort of painterly feel. Not realistic, but gorgeous to belt along the Nordschliefe in the sunset. The unreality of the vision oddly matches with the imprecise driving physics which can lead to a nostalgic, comforting groove reminiscent of the early F1 games. I have to admit, if this came out 15 - 20 years ago, it would have been a much better game.The promise of a beautiful being, left a rotting, stitched together mess, by an apothetic Frankenstein. Truly, OUTSTANDINGLY, disappointing."
76561198072968817,Not Recommended,234630,28330248,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DigBick,"EDIT:  I still play it online and generally have a good experience with it, it's just that the odd time when all 5 of these things happen in one gaming session, it makes it very un-enjoyable.EDIT 2: I can't recommend this game in its current state online. It shouldn't have made it out of beta. i'm hoping this whole game release was just a beta for Project Cars 2. which should hopefully have an online game where at the start of a race you don't randomly fly into the air from 1st on the grid, wasting a 40 minute qualifying session...EDIT 3: Another rediculous thing just happened to me. I qualified for 15 minutes only to be sat on the grid on the 'session results' screen, meaning that while everybody else set off and raced the only onption I had was to quit. Seriously, how did this get released?EDIT 4: The game is nor repeatedly crashing. Why was this thing released??? I don't think it's worth borthering to read the rest of the review...Excellent racing game in single player. Playing online is a very stressful experience though.First, the game (online) is buggy as hell. I just played had a race which had a rolling start. On the way to the grid there was a multi-car pileup... somehow. So when the lights went green the people ahead of the pileup were gone and the rest of the people had to fight it out through the rubble.Second, other people are far too laggy, you have no idea when they're going to fly off the track and have a huge crash, and then return to the track as normal as if nothing ever happened.Third, the game randomly has little freezes for about half a second which makes it very difficult to play if you're coming up to corner and the game freezes just as you're about to break.Fourth. If you make a mistake and go off the track, coming back on the track will usually give a 10 second penalty, which means you're being penalised for being penalised. This definitley needs sorting as it is completely unfair.Fifth, salty people waiting to crash into the leaders to wreck them.I completely recommend the game, but only play online if you're feeling lucky and are willing to go through the stress for the odd fun race."
,Recommended,234630,20470065,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dionys Ramirez,"Well....let's start.The good:-The game graphics is good.- Sound is decent.- Decent selection of cars- Different controller supports- Weather dynamics is good- Clean and intuitive menus- Very Good game with wheel and feel perfect- Very good Force FeedbackThe bad:-DO NOT PLAY with any gamepad.- Poor optimization for gamepad controllers- Poor sensitivities setups for gamepads- Ultra exaggerates wheels spins and oversteer if you play with gamepad- Every game restart on graphics changes- No way to changes controller setups in game ( You have to go out to the main menu)- Cars behave wierd and loose traction unexpectedly with gamepad- AI is very stupid- Steering the wheel with gamepad isn't smooth as Assetto Corsa, rFactor or GTR2- No options to save differents controllers setups. You have to start new setting every time you change to another controller.- RT and LT triggers in XBOX ONE or XBOX 360 controllers aren't smooth. You press the triggers on 30% and acceleration don't hold or braking don't hold.- Pysics of the racing experience is a bit exaggerate (not smooth as GTR2, Raceroom or Assetto)I'm sorry but I can't recommend this game to anyone playing with a gamepad. If you want to play this game fine you ""MUST"" have a wheel if you want the best experience."
76561198013725585,Recommended,234630,23331964,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AgentRuby,"Regardless of all these imperfections that I mentioned, I still do recommend this game for car enthusiasts. It is actually quite fun. Just don't let the multiplayer sour your experience. It is what it is and just like most multiplayer games this is one where you really do need a good pool of mature and honest friends. Good luck finding them on steam. I'm one of them but I don't play nearly enough.Here's my Pros and Cons about Project Cars:Pros-Great looking game-Nice gadgets-Incredible amount of tracks and cars to choose from-It does have VAC-It's a very attractive game when you first get it.Cons-multiplayer is garbage-The single player AI is garbage-The penalty system for corner cutting is garbage-There is no penalty system for collisions so it's just wreckfest out there-Even though it does have VAC the game is overun by talentless cheaters who'm I have no trouble with because I know how to break their cheats. Unfortunately, I am never giving that secret out because it would just help the cheaters and it's unfortunate for any legitimate player that wants to play this game because unlike me, they will have to deal with them.-Lots of steering wheel users do have problems.-They allow keyboard players. I mean come on. It's a racing game, at least use a controller. I guess the reason they want to allow keyboard users is because it's easier for them to use their cheats because they can just bind the super brakes and acceleration cheats to where they need them.-Did I mention that cheaters don't even have to worry about VAC? So if your one of those losers that got banned from counterstrike because you're to stupid to play fair. Get Project Cars and you will never get banned because VAC is a joke.-The system for using the PIT is horribly done. Also, if you were hoping to see an actual pit crew, it does not exist.In response to Wazbat. Comments only allow a thousand characters so I'll put my reason here.It's not. I was just not happy that day. I guess the main reason is because I can see when someone is using a keyboard and the movements were just a little too jerky for my liking. Didn't feel safe on the road in other words. Besides, a wired Xbox 360 controller which does work very well if you set it to custom instead is only around $30. The main setting to make all the magic happen with a controller is the speed sensitivity and I always put mine on 75. For the brakes and throttle, you can customize those to but I prefer to customize the brakes with the cars settings and the accelerator with the controller settings because on default it's just too much and just causes spinouts. Then with steering sensitivity I have mine around 24 for the Lotus 98T but it vary's from car to car. Not twitchy at all that way and feels like a wheel but I didn't pay $200 + for it. Yesterday though, I had a great time with F1 2013 classic mode. OMG so much better. The AI is actually smart and the penalties are more realistic. No bumper cars allowed in that one. I also have to say that F1 2013 is a beautiful game. OMG, coming from Project Cars to F1 2013 actually felt like an upgrade."
,Recommended,234630,24595400,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[N-VID]-Fay,the roar of the engine turns me on
,Not Recommended,234630,32823410,Posted: 26 June,all,Splashy,"Didn't even get to playing it, had problems saving settings without being run as admin, puts you into ♥♥♥♥ing Aero mode, and removes your wallpaper also."
,Recommended,234630,20347824,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,0110100100110,"Project Cars, an Honest review.Been playing for over 400hrs now, I can't say I love it, but i enjoy it.It has many good points, graphics, controls are great, good feel through pedals and wheel, night and day cycle, weather.Bad points are, Limited car class selection in multi-player NO gt3 with Lmp1, NO Ovals pointless having stockcars Project cars without Ovals. The Worst thing about it, BUGGY, I don't mean slight glitches, I mean things that should have been sorted in Alpha or Beta  testing and ever should have been included in the consumer version.Good Sim, not Great, Worth a Go."
,Recommended,234630,32953081,Posted: 28 June,all,[TFk]☻ oBzuur_C-137 ☻,"Seriously,Cars are fine, driving is fine, tracks are also nice, but the AI is horrible!!! Lane switching for no reason, ramming & bumping, 1 AI driver fails a turn and literally every car crashes on it blocking the turn with 29 cars LMAO,This is really ruining every good aspect of the game (cuzz besides that its actually a good racing sim).EDIT: I have to recommend or I'd be lying not having fun, AI is ok if u get your qualifying right !!!!"
,Not Recommended,234630,33768394,Posted: 24 July,all,Lost_CauseYT,Beautiful graphics and broken controls welcome to modern gaming when 90% of the content is DLC  it gets a 2/10
,Recommended,234630,24511463,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Techman Gaming Network,"Pretty fun, good graphics, good control with a Xbox One controller.  It took a little bit and some patches, but this game is pretty good for it's age."
,Recommended,234630,35190916,Posted: 24 September,all,Remy,"I started this game knowing nothing about driving games, and to be honest, this probably wasn't the best option to start off with. The steering is very difficult and it takes a long time to get used to. But when you learn the sense of satisfaction is unbelievable. I'm decent at this game now being able to contend with the high levels of AI. I reccoment you get a steering wheel before you get this game, as it changed the experience for me comepletely. Overall I would really reccomend this game, even if you are new to driving games, its a good challenge, also if you're not willing to spend the hefty 40 odd quid for Project Cars II"
,Not Recommended,234630,32562770,Posted: 19 June,all,PenguinJaimy |,"bad simulation, the ai is terrible"
76561198061490594,Not Recommended,234630,25900331,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AndyMart1n,Buy Project Cars 2 now its released - Ignore this one!
76561198287168081,Recommended,234630,35119099,Posted: 21 September,all,OMG LUJ,"Project car is a pretty damn good racing game.  you can choose any car that they have in the game.  But, however this game is really freaking hard is because this is a simulator racing game.  the controls is almost same as in real life.  So if you don't have a steering wheel controller, I recommend you don't buy this game, even the project cars 2"
76561198173254038,Recommended,234630,35428616,Posted: 2 October,all,MrSaCh,Best place with a steering wheel and vr headset
,Recommended,234630,35429079,Posted: 2 October,all,salaminizer666,"Super realistic feeling, lots of cars and tracks."
76561198007487633,Recommended,234630,35481740,Posted: 4 October,all,xxxdids,GREAT GAME AND HAD PLENTY OF HOURS ON THIS.gAME PLAY IS GOOD AND GRAPHICS ARE SWEET TOO.
