user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234650,15585078,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KBop a doo,"Now I've never played a Shadowrun game before, however I'm not exactly new to  turn based/strategy RPG games, having played games in a similar vein like the Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor series and Fire Emblem. However, I'll be the first to admit I'm far from a veteran in the genre.One of the key things I think Returns did right, is the tricky task of drawing me into the story immediately. It's pretty simple: your friend is dead, he's left you a ""dead man's switch"" - a recorded message promising a hefty reward if you can find the killer. OK. I'm in.As for the ease of playing the game... as someone who's often daunted by complex RPG interfaces with endless choices, decisions, and items to equip, I thought Shadowrun's interface is a breeze. It clearly shows you your weapon slots, inventory slots, and which body parts you can equip on armor or modifications. As for playing the game itself, you can simply click on your HUD to switch between weapons or end turns, but there are hotkeys for the more practiced player, too.You encounter many characters on your way to solve your friend's murder, and you get to pick and choose your own team of Shadowrunners to go on every mission with you. Each has their own specialty - summoning mechs, specializing in ""decking"" (hacking), melee combat, guns, magic, and so on, and I had a great time testing out all the different classes.All of the characters have their own specialties, but the game is forgiving, and you could probably get by just using guns on everyone. I realized one of my runners had a healing ability 3/4 of the way through the game, and had been getting by just fine without knowing that. So if you're worried about difficulty or complexity, don't be.Another positive for me is the game is heavily text based. There is a lot more discovery and reading than combat. You can also save anywhere except an NPC turn in combat, or in conversation. So I could get up to answer the door or grab some food without bothering to pause, or quit at a moment's notice if my friends asked me to play a multiplayer game.I know I'm writing a review no one will ever read, for a two year old game, but it gets an easy recommendation from me, especially if you're a busy person who can only enjoy games in bits and pieces before you're on the go again."
76561198164487136,Recommended,234650,13074100,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,rajaratnam,"First all, let me tell you about my background - 39, working professional, married with kids. Was looking for an RPG game that I can really sink my teeth into without getting bored, and coming from a gamer background myself, not many games can catch my attention.Then saw a recommended game review somewhere about this Shadowrun, so being the typical gamer that I am since I dont like to pay for something I haven't tried yet....so I *cough*cough* got  a copy of the game to try........and then I closed the game, went to the Steam website, and purchased a legitimate copy. Let me tell you why :-a) this is an RPG - story, story, story - this is what's it all aboutb) the interface and game - slick, modern XCOM style combat, with that turn based system thats good for my pace and strategy.c) the real world/cyber world - the transitions are nice, a good break from the routine.d) Story - did I mention story? I like how I have to slow down to read, even the freaking Splash screens got something to really readSo I parted with my cash to show support to this developer. Keep up the good work and I look forward to purchase Dragonfall and any more of DLC of this kind :)"
76561198066397895,Recommended,234650,9288460,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,bourne2ace,"Edit 06/20/14:Base game review:Pros:- Vibrant characters- Smart writing- Fun combat- Included editor that allows the making of a lot of user generated content.Cons:- Too short (12 hours)- Too linearBase game 8/10Dragonfall review:Pros:- A lot less linear than the first campaign.- Story is a page turner with a lot of twists.- The characters have a lot of depth and are well developed.- Combat, and gameplay in general, has improved siginificantly.- Improved editor.Cons:- Minor bugs from the base game are still present but they're not game breaking.Dragonfall campaign: 9/10"
,Recommended,234650,14147896,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fancy Fish,"SHADOWRUN RETURNS - Cyberpunk adventure/rpg with a compelling story|| 8 ||ScoreCommentGraphics7The game has top down isometric type view, graphics are very well done: the lighting, effects and areas feel very fitting and atmospheric.  At points, however, it feels like it would be nice to have a little bit more variety to the areas, some of them feel quite samey. Character creation and portraits are ok but you can't go into the level of detail of some other RGPs.Audio7Music and sound effects are good, there is however quite a bit of reading to do in this game, do not expect voice acting for all of the story / dialogue.Gameplay8I really enjoyed playing this game, its a nice mixture of adventure / mystery and rpg with turn based strategic combat (think xcom). You control a small team of characters (you collect them as the story progresses) who follow you as you play through the story completing various missions and solving mysteries. There are some good puzzles to solve as the story develops and you can choose to upgrade various skills as your character advances in levels. A really nice feature is the ""hacking"" that the decker class can perform, this takes a form similar to combat in the game but its you and your constructs against the computer systems defences.Story8Shadowrun Returns is set in cyberpunk-esque world where magic meets machine. You can play different stories in the form of campaigns, the official ones are complemented by community created ones via the steam workshop. The campaigns are extremely well done and have a very noir feel to them. There's a lot of background and detail to the world (and a lot of reading to be done) and the story had enough intrigue and action to keep me interested right to the end. The nature of the game (your characters acting out the story) basically means that play feels quite linear and that sometimes the decisions you make don't really have lasting effects but this didn't effect my enjoyment too much.Replayability5As much of the main campaign is story based, once you have completed the game there isn't that much to draw you back in. Having said that there is an excellent DLC (dragonfall) and there are community created campaigns and an editor which should add quite a few hours of playabilityOverall8Excellent game for anyone who loves this style of gameplay or the setting. The community content really adds a whole new aspect and lease of life to the game, just be prepared to do a lots of reading.More reviews by Fancy FishAgree / Disagree? Please leave me a comment"
,Recommended,234650,12417174,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,crunchyfrog,"Hype and expectation are funny things. They can invite even the most rational and level-headed into wish fulfulment FAR beyond the truth, and we all know how prevalent that is in video gaming. I honestly believe that this game's reputation absolutely suffers from precisely this, especially from the view of some players.So, Shadowrun Returns - the question is ""does it"", or rather ""does it REALLY warrant the return?""Let's start with the expectation part I mentioned. When this game was proposed, those that were fans of the old tabletop RPG and the old SNES classic sat up and took notice, and for good reason. Nostalgia aside, both are truly excellent games in their own rights. The downside to this is that it tends to set the bar VERY high, expectation-wise.Fast forward to the game's release, and there were certainly mixed views; much of the criticism dealt with there being less on the action and more on the text and story. Also, length was cited too, or rather, lack of it. On the face of it, very valid criticisms, except that many of these either forgot or didn't understand WHAT the game was achieving - a new version of the classic games, adhering closely to the rules - in short, Shadowrun RETURNS. The clue's in the name. It does what it says on the tin.So, there's an abundance of text and story, and less of the action itself, and yes, it is a bit short. While they are valid concerns EVERY game buyer should consider before dropping their cash, context is also equally important. Apologies for this slightly overblown introduction, but I felt it valid to lay this down at the outset. Let's get on with the review.If you know what Shadowrun is (or was), then there's little point in going over this and you can skim to the last paragraph. If you don't, then as I've already said, there's the classic tabletop ""D&D style"" game - a pure, unadulterated old-school pencil and paper RPG. The hook here is that elves, orcs, goblins and all the staples of fantasy exist, but the one major difference is everything is a futuristic sci-fi bent. It probably sounds completely at odds with one another, but it works so very, very well, both in lore and in combat ... ESPECIALLY in combat. You can still hack 'n' slash if you want to, you can still use magic if you want to, but add to the mix firearms and a complete veneer of futuristic and modern tech, and you have Shadowrun.It rather goes without saying that anyone who has spent any time playing old-school tabletop RPG knows that story and text are perhaps the premier parts, and that is the case here, naturally. But the question to the critics remains ""ah, but it is any good?"" Thankfully, the answer is ""yes, it is"".I confess I'm a little jaded. I've been around gaming since the very start, and have never had a period when I've not been involved. I've seen a lot, played a lot, own a lot, and have even worked in the industry (albeit relatively briefly). For the most part, I care little for story in games - most times I'm merely concerned with the mechanics over everything else. I couldn't tell you the story of Halo, for example, as it never gripped me in any way. So, why on earth am I saying this game's story is good? Because it DID grip me right from the off. It works. You know the story's working on you when you can start to identify and remember the characters. So, being heavy on the story is an ASSET to this game, and in no way a hindrance. I shan't spoil it in any way, but it's a fairly standard story, but it does it pretty well, so in summary I don't see the critique of ""too much story, too little action"" in any way a bad thing unless it's REALLY not your thing.Now, onto length. Yes, it IS relatively short. However, you should at least consider the reasoning behind the game's existence - it would never have seen the light of day AT ALL were it not for crowd-funding. Sure, you can claim they made big promises and ran out of resources and/or time, but the conclusion here is that putting all those aside the end product is pretty damned good. As stated before, it very much does what it says on the tin. So, if you don't mind quantity being less if the quality's good or reasonable, then there is no issue here. What does render the length argument completely invalid is one thing - WORKSHOP support. There's TONS of user-generated content out there which not only mimics what tabletop RPGs are all about, but the inclusion of mod tools (which I haven't tried) ensure that it's pretty easy to dole out a good scenario, and it certainly shows. So, if you finish the game and want more, you won't be disappointed at all.The combat is best described as being very similar to XCOM. It's turn-based with the dual-turn set of movement/action phases per character, or a mixture of those: you move, you shoot/swing/etc, and your turn's over. Your playfield is peppered with objects that you can utilize as cover, with the shield icon offering how good that cover is. This all offers a lovely tactical play where you don't just consider dumping your character up against the enemy and swing away at them, but you have to consider balancing cover with line of sight, flanking, and a number of other little tricks to make the best use of the battle.Character skills are great. As you'd rightly expect from a combination fantasy/sci-fi, it lends you a VERY wide palette of things to mess around with. Fire-based magic attacks? Sure. Rifles, pistols, or SMGs? Yup, have at them. Fire-based attacks WITH your pistol? Yup, that too. It does the Shadowrun rules well, and the interface is clear and intuitive and you'll have no issues picking it up quickly.Visually, the game offers a very nice art-style that does the medium justice. Backgrounds are all pre-rendered and hand-drawn (or at least they LOOK hand-drawn) in a graphic novel style which suits perfectly. Nothing I can fault here at all. Musically, the soundstrack is really good. I'm not a big fan of music soundtracks - I'm not one who will listen to them outside of the game. To me, they're a background that serves to provide ingredient to the recipe. They should illustrate without hindering the game in any way. Not only does the style and mood of the music suit perfectly, but it's not repetitive, and remains interesting without hindering in ANY way. If you're someone who does listen to game music absent of the game, you might well find this one very appealing.So, final summary time. Is it worth purchasing? Yes. If you are expecting a good turn-based old-shool RPG, it's worth it. Steam Workshop really underlines this, value-wise. The only caveat I would make is that if you're either not sure whether this sort of game's for you, or the length of the official game really is an issue for you, I'd thoroughly recommend waiting for a sale - it's still worth picking up.Final note I'm doing with all my reviews now: I'm giving a ""what do I think the game's worth?"" instead of any score or other metric, as I think that's the most valuable metric anyone could have. I'd say this deserves a £9 (or your regional equivalent)."
,Recommended,234650,16196350,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,gar3,About as close as you are gonna get to the original pen-and-paper RPG without a gaming group and a GM.
76561197987251857,Not Recommended,234650,8235124,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Issmir,"I love Shadowrun as an IP.  It was one of the first pen and paper games I ever played 20 years ago, and my friends and I still plat it regularly (though now we're on the 5th Edition).But this is a hard game to recommend.  The mechanics are fine, but it's very easy to run into unsolvable problems - if you roll a hacker, you're going to have very little to do in the main campaign and are going to rely on NPCs and hirelings.  And if you're not a hacker, every time you NEED a hacker you'll be provided one free of charge.There's more too it than that, of course, but that's pretty illustrative.  The game feels extremely limited in a lot of places, from missing mentor spirits to customization through what's available from the NPC stores.   Honestly you'd probably be better trcking down an old copy of Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magicka Obscura."
,Recommended,234650,7699671,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Riaktion,"** My full reaction is here on my blog should you want ithttp://riksreaction.blogspot.co.uk/2014/03/riks-reaction-to-shadowrun-returns-pc.html**I thought this was great, from start to finish. Excellent. It is difficult to know what else to say... I just thought this was great. I'll just ramble as follows.As an RPG it was the perfect amount of complexity, deep but easy to understand.The artwork is lovely, everything is well animated and it is just generally a really attractive game.It is VERY well written IMHO, the characters come to life through the text and written dialogue, it's great! I honestly felt like I was enjoying an interactive book, which is a feeling I tend to get when I am fully engaged. The locations, the people, the story.. all of it is vivid and believable, not so much due to the on screen action, but more through the filter of my imagination which the writing nutures throughout, things playing out in my mind's eye as I read the next interchange between characters, or digested the description of the place I'd just arrived at.The narrative is solid, and makes sense (within the world it is told) and pans out well, I thought the pacing was excellent.Some might dislike the linear nature of the game, I personally love it. Side missions are available, but they are in direct relevance to the main storyline at all times which keeps things moving, and therefore aren't always available for you to come back to tidy up and complete later, so bear that in mind. I am a fan of a well told story, and ""sandbox"" games are never as good as experience for me as being told a well crafted story. Shadowrun Returns nails this.I really enjoyed this game, took me 17.2 hours to complete but it felt like a lot less purely because I was enjoying every minute of it and was just waiting to turn the next page in this electronic short story and learn what was going to happen next. Like a good book, it was tough to put down.It has it's flaws here and there, like checkpoint saves (due to be changed in a patch or via the next DLC I understand), some sections keeping you in turn based combat mode when there aren't any enemies about and on some of the longer battles the combat music can get a little tiring, but those are small complaints.Excellent and I'm looking forward to see what they do next! Recommended."
,Recommended,234650,32832514,Posted: 26 June,all,Wolfhunt3r,"Gritty neon-rain-covered cyberpunk at it's finest. This game is a gem!When you start looking into your best friends death a deadly string of events are unfolded. You meet a lot of people along the way, but who can you really trust? The choices you make have an impact on the story and the combat system is rather balanced even if I keep forgetting I could use magic when I got mages with me.The game is not centuries long and does not take forever to play through, but the replay value makes it good enough for both a second and a third run. A shadowrun.Elves, trolls and cyberhardware mixed with ancient magic and a society where the rich are rich and the poor live in the slums with nothing.Play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,234650,18983282,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Audish,"The SNES Shadowrun was the jewel of my cartridge collection. I've honestly lost count of how many times I've played through it. With that in mind I started up my journey into Shadowrun Returns with a healthy dose of nostalgia and optimism, and at the end of the journey I came away happy, if not entirely satisfied.Unlike the Shadowrun of yore, Returns plays like an odd crossing of point & click adventure and turn-based strategy. Your runner is investigating the death of an old friend, and in each scene spends most of their time navigating dense dialogues with the many NPCs on hand. You might also be tasked to click on an object or a door, but the vast majority of the non-combat gameplay is talking. It's good talking, though, with some very colorful characters and attentive writing. The parentheticals get a little too heady and poetic for my tastes, but they set the scenes well enough. Overall the game nails the Shadowrun setting, which goes a long way towards keeping me interested.Combat is the other side of the coin, and while it works better than the ancient art of ""stand in place and shoot forever"", it's not without its flaws. Your crew and the enemy forces each take turns expending the action points of their members on a grid map with cover objects, much like in the recent XCOM. AP is spent a little oddly, however. Each move within a certain range costs one AP, whether it be a single step or a dash to the edge of their range. With melee weapons this is fine because the melee attack is included with the move, but ranged weapons cost at least one AP just to fire, so getting into an ideal position and firing can be a costly proposition. Doubly so when the sight lines around the environments are not terribly consistent, and it costs a full AP just to reload. It's an imperfect system that works well enough, but could definitely use more polish.There are plenty of ways to kill people though, and enough skill points to earn through the game to make the most of them. You have melee, five different firearm types, drones, and two kinds of magic, and that's not even getting into the support skills. Unfortunately, there's not much reason to diversify, and the game even tells you as much. High ranks in skills are very powerful, and spreading your points around won't give you the ranks you need to pass skill checks or hit later enemies. Plus, you hire party members from a large roster of shadowrunners who can easily fill in the gaps for you.These gripes are really part of a larger trend with Returns. You can buy weapons, armor, and other upgrades, but they are unevenly spaced throughout the game. There's not much to interact with in the many levels, and no real branching paths to explore. You can be a decker and get into the Matrix side battles, but they are few and far between. Your hired runners have no personality and can't be interacted with other than ordered around in battle. Even the story, built on some genuinely good writing, is small in scope and lacks any sort of proper build-up. It all points to a game not fully realized, a lot of potential without a lot of substance. The whole time I was playing, Returns felt more like a demo for the game engine than a full product.That's not to say it wasn't fun. I thoroughly enjoyed the 8-10 hours it took to complete, and aside from a particularly annoying final mission, had no major complaints about it. The issue is more a lot of little shortcomings mounting to give Returns a very half-baked feel. It's definitely worth playing, and I'm very interested to follow it with Dragonfall, but I wouldn't fault anyone who checked out after a few hours. Shadowrun Returns is a good enough Shadowrun game, and now I want a better one."
,Recommended,234650,10963885,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,maelwys,"I hesitated in picking up this game after reading a lot about how terrible the original campaign was and how the game was dull and boring. It also didn't help that I didn't really know anything about the Shadowrun universe. During the Summer Sale though, I was in the mood for something new, and picked it up. I just finished playing through the original campaign (Dead Man's Switch - DMS) and have to say, I'm glad I bought the game.Getting the basics out of the way, I admit that DMS is very linear. There is a lot of reading involved. And besides combat, there's not a lot of interaction with the world. Still, as someone who knew next to nothing about Shadowrun before I started, I think DMS does a very good job of introducing the player to the world and the mythos surrounding it. The reading will probably be boring to someone who is deeply familiar with the setting, but I found it very useful. Gameplay is likewise straightforward which allows a new player to dive in without fear of messing up. I played a Street Samurai / Decker and had no trouble. I did find myself wishing I could build a party and level them up, outfitting them and whatnot ala Baldur's Gate, but perhaps that will happen in an expansion.All in all, this game was well worth the $4 I paid. I also picked up the DLC, which I read is much better - I look forward to trying that next."
76561198099624884,Recommended,234650,12770152,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,daniel.franulovic,"If you're expecting an RPG with open world and long hours of playing, this is not for you.This is a short (I finished it in about 12 hours of gameplay, not rushing or anything) and linear (at no point there is even an option of doing something different, picking different ways, or other stuff you would expect from an RPG) game.That being said, during those 12 hours I had a nice time. The story is interesting, the gameplay & interface is enjoyable, and for a simple game with no voice acting, the atmosphere is amazing.I would definitely recommend if you find this at a discount. Well worth if a few bucks for the 12 hour fun - just don't expect it to be a super production."
,Recommended,234650,16718582,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Tactical RPG putting you in the role of shadowrunner - a freelancer merk with private motivation to do some investigation properly. World of Shadowrun is rich, full of postmodern and fantasy, yet it is a very pragmatical and cynical one. Lovely thing, just like the big world behind the window, only with magic. Sadly, unlike D&D universe, it was poorely pictured in the videogames (there was 2 good games, but only on 16bit consoles - Genesis and SNES).Aside from my previous experience with the Shadowrun universe, game's a good one. Solid cyberpunk story (and fitted to Shadowrun agenda, as well). Fascinating music. Good battle system (if only too easy for my tastes, even on the hardest). Decent rpg skills system, not without a flaws, but - fair enough.So, generally - it's good. Not excellent, but good. Like 7/10 in my book.Although. I love Shadowrun, and I would give the game more - just for good revival - if only they would made Matrix better. That's a major disengage for me in the whole game. They just did another field for shootouts in the Matrix, not anything near hacking. I've played many interpretations of Shadowrun, and that game made almost everything fine - but ruined cyberspace. It's like making a remake of ""Singin' in the Rain"" movie without actually singing in the process.Think I'll go and play some blues now."
,Recommended,234650,7866040,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ρоѕιтяои_,"Shadowrun Returns is a turn-based cyberpunk themed strategy R.P.G. developed by Harebrained Schemes and published by Harebrained Holdings. Shadowrun has gained a huge cult following since its creation nearly 25 years ago. Now, creator Jordan Weisman returns to the world of Shadowrun, modernizing this classic game setting as a single player, turn-based tactical roleplaying game. The year is 2054 and magic has returned to the world awakening powerful creatures of myth and legend as technology merges with flesh and consciousness. As a shadowrunner, you're a mercenary living on the fringes of society, in the shadows of massive corporate arcologies, surviving day-by-day on skill and instinct alone. Shadowrun Returns harkens back to the classic old school roleplaying games from back in the day. The top-down isometic view, intense turn-based combat and non-voiced dialogue of a traditional R.P.G. are expertly blended in this fantastic indie title from Harebrained Holdings. The story is divided into campaigns which can range from solving murders to battling corporate espionage and a number of other different situations and once you've finished the games main storyline you can download new user created campaigns from the Steam Workshop or the Nexus which further extends the replayability of this great title.Besides the excellent story, the turn-based combat of course is one of the best features of this game. Progressing through the narrative will reward you with experience points and allow you to grow your character in any direction that you choose. Want to summon spirits as an elven shaman, be an expert hacker or go guns and blade ablazing as a Street Samurai? The choice is up to you. As the leader of the group, it's also up to you to choose the right balance of combat, tech and magical abilities in order to have a successful run. The gripping tactical combat system is quick and responsive and just a fun alternative to the combat of today's more popular roleplaying games.Graphically the game looks terrific in full high definition with its futuristic cyberpunk setting. The environments are also quite varied as you will travel from the slums of the Redmond Barrens to the extravagant offices of powerful corporations and beyond. The character portraits presented during conversations have a unique style that lends itself well to this title and I find the isometric backgrounds and set pieces delightful to view. One of my favorite things about these types of games are the small details in the world around you and this title is chock full of them and add to that some excellent sound effects and a terrific musical score and Shadowrun Returns delivers big time.If you're a R.P.G. fan looking for something a little different to add to your library or just enjoy old-school or retro games then I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Shadowrun Returns! You will not be dissapointed with this title."
,Not Recommended,234650,7851535,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Elekata,"A huge disappointment.  I was really looking forward to this game since it showed up on Kickstarter.  Fallout 1 & 2 are among my favorite games ever, and this was touted as a return to that style of RPG.  It...isn't.I find the combat enjoyable.  It's basically a simplified version of XCOM:  Enemy Unknown.  One problem with it is that once combat starts, it doesn't end until you move to another map, even if there are no enemies around.  So after a fight ends, you'll have to move your party through the map in turn-based mode until you get to an exit.The story is good by video game standards.  You receive a recorded message from an old friend who's been murdered and are tasked with tracking down his killer.  For the most part, dialogue is well-written.  There's no voice acting, which some may take issue with, but it allows for more robust dialogue.  Unfortunately, this game doesn't take advantage of that benefit.The game is extraordinarily linear.  There's exactly one path through the story.  A handful of situations where you may be able to get from point A to point B by a slightly different route exist (i.e., bluff your way past a guard vs. hacking through an unguarded door), but these are so few and so insignificant that they don't make any real difference overall.  Dialogue is pretty much the same no matter what:  Ask about story-related stuff, ask about general backround/setting information.  Very little opportunity to employ your character's personality.Sidequests are almost nonexistent, and the few that the game does have are simple ""go over there and get me that thing,"" or ""while you're on this run, see if you can find a thing I want"" sorts of things.The whole game is designed entirely around mobile devices and it suffers for it.  The UI is a bit clunky and unintuitive for PC, limited to what would work on a touch-based interface.  The save system is simply unacceptable.  The game has no manual save option.  Not even a save and quit function.  It's entirely based on reaching checkpoints.  This is supposed to be fixed with the DLC scheduled for January 2014, but until then, if you screw up a fight at the end of a mission?  You're replaying the whole mission.  Have to leave before you finish a mission?  You're replaying the whole mission.  As I understand it, this is because the game cannot save the current map state, which explains some of the linearity.  When you return to a location, you're actually loading a completely different map of the location with its own triggers, different versions of NPCs with dialogue appropriate to that point in the story, etc.  This means that the player can't affect any change in the game as every change or combination of changes to a location would require its own unique map, and I'm not even sure if the game is able to load different versions of the same map based on variables.I can't really speak to the user-generated content as I haven't used the editor or played any user-made campaigns yet, but from what I've heard from those who have, the editor is very, very limited in what it can do.  As a result, a lot of people who were planning on making content for the game have given up.Maybe the upcoming DLC will improve the editor, maybe (probably) it won't.  Either way, I wouldn't suggest paying more than about $5 for Shadowrun Returns."
,Recommended,234650,31163062,Posted: 15 April,all,Two Clicks,"BITESIZE:SIMILAR GAMEPLAY TO:Jagged Alliance 2, Jagged Alliance: Flashback, Wasteland 2WHAT TO EXPECT:Basic kick-starter funded game. Short story.  Very limited RPG.  Cyberpunk themed.  Single-player. Virtually linear.  Great tactical combat.  Great graphics and art direction.  Superb writing.ACHIEVEMENTS:NONE.STATUS:COMPLETE.WHEN TO BUY:ASAP for fans.  Otherwise a good sale.More info below....THE LOWDOWN:Shadowrun Returns is a story-driven, party-oriented RPG with tactical combat.  The action takes place a in dysoptic cyberpunk version of Seattle around the year 2050 where trolls, elves and dwarves live alongside humanity.  The heavy use of stimulants and cybernetics pervade most aspects of life.  Magic exists.  Crime, and drug-taking are rife.  The internet has become an alternate reality where anything goes.  Rich and powerful corporations hold sway over everything and everyone, resulting in prevalence of industrial espionage carried out by Shadowrunners. These are mercenaries for hire who will perform any job if the price is right.Players take on the role of a shadowrunner character and specialize in many abilities becoming a warrior, hacker, drone operator, magic user and unarmed combat specialist or a mix thereof.  The game world is shown in isometric form across a dozen or so fixed locations.  Play alternates between real-time exploration and investigation during the adventure phase and turn-based tactical combat.  Additional party members can be hired from an extensive roster of NPCs before going into battles, on a temporary basis.  The game begins with the player investigating who committed the murder and why, but this will ultimately lead to much greater quest with much direr consequences.  Are you up to the assignment?THE GOOD:+ A very good story with fantastic writing.  Even if some gamers may find it too much!+ Strong combat dynamic across a variety of categories: Magic, drones, ranged combat, melee and unarmed.+ Superb range of tactical combat options; from specialized firing modes, overwatch, to reloading without using an action.  Most become available by leveling certain stats.+ Amazing array of character selection and customization.+ Wonderfully created cyberspace levels reminiscent of System Shock, that plays like the tactical combat.+ A large array of equipment and items, with better items only becoming available as the story progresses.+ Very well balanced if a too easy for hardcore RPGers.+ Lots of well-made custom scenarios available in Steam Workshop.+ Ace production from its crisp, isometric graphics, well-drawn artwork and midi-based soundtrack (non-dlc), altogether produces a great ambience.+ Strong easy to use and understand interface.THE BAD:- Not open world.  Series of linked map areas.- Too short with very linear gameplay.- No voice-acting. Really could have done with it.- Only a very few optional quests.  Needed a few more at least.AND THE ORDINARY:* Needed more environment interaction with containers and searchable dead bodies to give the proper feel of an RPG.* A few more vendors would have been nice.  But theres just enough to sell old or buy new items.VERDICT:Shadowrun Returns is a really polished game.  For what it is, its a solid buy.  Built on a tight kickstarter budget it was designed to re-boot the franchise back to the video game format.  It has a very strong story with a neat twist.  Some great writing, complex RPG character building and  turn-based tactical combat with many possible choices.  One of the best features of the game is how it uses the isometric engine to make the sequences in cyberspace as relevant as the tactical combat.However the lack of an (even semi) open-world and voice-overs resulted in an incomplete experience for me personally.  Maybe I wanted too much from this first outting; more of an open-world where places could be visited, more NPCs to talk to in the background.  Just more padding, to add to the overall atmosphere.  Perhaps even more of a permanent party with more control over their stats.  But that doesnt take away from this first decent effort.Others have said that this feels more like you are taking part in an interactive video novel, a linear story where you are more of a passenger than the driver, like you should tend to feel when playing RPGs.  I agree with this but even for a casual Shadowrun fan like me, its enough to ensure that the franchise is back on PC.  For that I am thankful.All-in-all Shadowrun Returns feels like an entry level adventure.  Thats not a bad thing afterall because it is the first of the latest series, of modern adaptations to PC.  In this the developers have done a great job to make the game accessible, enjoyable, mostly accurate to the pen & paper RPG but most of all, to leave the player wanting more.  Shadowrun Returns sticks to the addage walk before you run and if this is built upon in the follow-on games (Dragonfall and Hongkong), then I wont complain.As it is I would only recommend playing this if you are after an easy albeit interesting introduction to the world of Shadowrun or if you are a hardcore fan and want to play the current series from this developer, from the beginning.  I would suggest either way that you get this on sale or in a bundle as Ive read that the other titles are superior.  Cant wait to try those out!"
76561197992841476,Not Recommended,234650,1405279,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Dactylartha,"My last reccomendation was unfair to the development team. I overlooked the fact that this game was pumped out by a minimal staff in a very short deadline, so I'm going to re-write my assessment.Boring, clunky, and linear.This game has great concepts behind it, but is not executed well. The storyline might be a fascinating read, but does not engage the player at all. The best scripted fight, the last fight of the game about 8 hours in, is almost as fun as the prologue of Neverwinter Nights. Almost.My biggest complaint is with the story, but the game has potential to give the community what they are thirsty for. I'm not overly impressed with the graphics, and I really wished I could have changed angles from the point of view on the field, but for the most part the combat and character navigation is easy enough to manage. The equipment is very simple, though not explained well (*cough cybernetics cough*), and you don't have to put much thought into micro-managing your character or your hire-by-mission squadmates. It's impossible to get attached to characters as they're just a portrait to represent the mathhammer you wield as the gamer.I did really like the etiquitte aspect to your character. The game gives you more conversation options if you have a higher Charisma stat, and with a higher Charisma you learn new jargon by which to speak with the appropriate factions (ie shadowrunners, security, corporate, or gang). Unfortunately, the dialogue is still linear and it only provides introductory ports for the equifinality of the storyline.Pros: cheap, potential for community contribution, non-demanding of hardware, neat concepts.Cons: easy, impersonal, clunky, and inconsequential.4/10"
76561197969417125,Recommended,234650,7744324,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Shadowrun is an RPG set in a future version of Earth where Elves, Orcs and magic exist. It has a strong story, involving murder investigations, corporate espionage and supernatural rituals. There are many interesting NPCs and good dialogue choices, although sadly no voice acting. The stats/skills level up system has some nice depth, and some stats can influence dialogue options. Combat is like Xcom, turn based with a squad of 4, with action points to spend on moving, firing guns or using items/magic. Some squad members are hired temporarily before each quest, have no dialogue, and you can't customise their stats/gear, so unfortunately they lack personality. Levels are small and the whole game is quite linear, with not much scope for exploration. But the campaign lasts around 11 hours so value for money is good. The music is fantastic and really adds to the atmosphere. Although some things could be improved, its still very enjoyable and well worth checking out.Review update: DragonfallDragonfall takes the formula established in the original release, and improves on it in several ways. Its actually misleading to describe this as ""DLC"". These days, particularly in the RPG genre, that term conjures up thoughts of short quests and meaningless item packs. Dragonfall is more like the good old days of expansion packs, where you got a meaty chunk of gameplay to sink your teeth into.The story is excellent, one of the best I've played through in any game for quite some time. The action has shifted to Berlin, where you've joined a crew of shadowrunners on a contract to extract some data from a vault. Predictably, the mission goes wrong, dragging you into another deep conspiracy full of twists and turns, that also helps to explain more of the world's lore.Because your crew are fully fleshed out characters, instead of the original's mostly hired help, each character has much more depth to their personality. They have a past, they have feelings, and the story is given increased emotional weight through conversations with these characters.The gameplay mechanics, tactical turn based combat, and level up system all remain intact, and we now have the ability to save anywhere, rather than being limited to the original's checkpoint only system. Quest structure is less linear than before. You have some control over which order to play certain quests, and most quests have optional objectives that, if completed, provide greater (or alternate) rewards. You'll also have some tough moral choices to consider which affect quest outcomes, and many areas allow for the use of non combat skills, including talking your way past guards or hacking computers to gain information.Dragonfall took me 19 hours to complete, which is significantly longer than the original game, and represents excellent value for money at full price. I don't recall encountering any bugs at all.Overall Dragonfall is amazing, and I rate it as an absolute MUST BUY."
76561198007746395,Recommended,234650,27813147,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Clockwork,"This game is worth playing if :- you're a fan of the Shadowrun universe- you somehow liked the Snes Shadowrun game (even though they're really different gameplay-wise)- you want to learn the basis about the Shadowrun Returns games before playing Dragonfall and Hong Kong- you want to meet Harlequin (seriously, that man is funny).This is the order in which I suggest you to play the Shadowrun Returns games in order to fully enjoy the experience :Shadowrun Returns > Shadowrun: Dragonfall > Shadowrun: Hong Kong > Shadowrun ReturnsReplaying Shadowrun Returns last will allow you to really enjoy it, since going through the 2 others will allow you to better know the game's story and gameplay."
76561198139084015,Recommended,234650,26413531,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Poi_King II,"STEAM says that no Chinese support, so I finished the game with a dictionary.Then I found that you can select Chinese in option menu.Best game ever.10/十分STEAM上說不支援中文，於是我硬啃英文全破了之後才發現選項裡可以調成中文這遊戲超棒der10/十分"
,Recommended,234650,18069759,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,roughnecks,"Personal Rating: Funny and rewardingClassic Rating: ★★★★☆It's my first time Running the Shadows and I'm quite satisfied.The game has many pros: story rich, good character developement, very nice soundtrack, simple but detailed graphic world and a nice turn-based combat system.One small remark is about the Matrix, which could probably be improved about the hacking stuff.. As of now it's just a cyber space with the same mechanics of the real world, just with different weapons and enemies.Little tips to new-comers: don't spend your karma points until you know what type of mission you're about to face, don't spend all of your money and make use of allies' items first of all."
76561198101360669,Recommended,234650,12782880,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sarnak III,"Affter playing through the included campain, I can say that this was a good game. BUT, you will need to get more campains to make it woth the money. Buying this game is like buying the books fro a Table-Top-RPG, youinvest upfront so that you can play mulple home-brew stories later. By the end of it, you will want to tryto build a character that can't be completed in just one run of the game, and since you can't replay the base campain with the same character... you do the math.I give it an 8/10, worth your time, chummer."
,Not Recommended,234650,16641709,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BigBoss,"I love the Shadowrun universe, so I was pretty excited about the kickstart campaing and the eventual release of this game.As an old school gamer, my gaming history is based on games like Fallout(1&2), Shadowrun(original), XCOM(originals) and many other genre-defining legends, my expectations were pretty high I must confess.Once I finished the game (about 10h or so) I couldnt believe that it was over, it felt like something was missing.It was the realization that the experience I hoped for was never going to be delivered.The game is not a total waste but it's tremendously shallow, as linear as it can possibly be.Character creation doesnt feel deep enough: generic 3D models, character photos that do not represent your model, lack of customization, lack of classes information...During the course of the game you do not interact with the game-world but with overlays on it, you will never go up or down a stair, you interact with the overlay near the stair and then you go up or down.Leveling up feels boring, most of the time you don't feel like getting stronger. Also the possibility to wait for a stat check barrier (the game tells what values are needed) to spend your karma points feels really sad.All around It's an excessively minimalist game: graphical engine, art, interface, world, combat, skills, progression... everything.If it was a mobile game it would've been a fair accomplishment, but at this point in gaming history, a ""return"" to Shadowrun universe as a PC game shouldn't have looked like this.This game lacks depth for a Shadowrun universe PC game.Two good aspects of the game though:- story: Does a good job immersing you on the plot.- content creating community: The level editor and the content created by the community can keep you entertained if you happen to like the game. The community made a lot of other adventures for you to run if you wish.For me, that is not enough and, most importantly, not what I was looking for on this ""return"".For people with high expectations as mine I cannot recommend this game."
76561198003476696,Recommended,234650,12371477,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DrFluffy,"This is a rpg game in a world where fantasy and technology mix perfectly.  If you enjoy androids, giant insects, cyberpunk, guns, and are a fan of ""Blade Runner"", you will enjoy the odd characters and turn based combat. If you enjoy reading narrative instead of hearing it, this is for you."
,Recommended,234650,11528537,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Chris,"I played the classic on the SNES back in the day and only lasted 10 minutes before dying. No matter what I did, I died. I thought Shadowrun Returns might be as deadly as the original, but (thankfully) it wasn't.Shadowrun Returns looks amazing, and from the first moment it makes you wonder just what lies ahead in this strange cyberpunk world. The inviting world teasing you to explore and uncover the truths behind the deadman who wants you to find his killer, however... it never really got there.Don't get me wrong - the various maps look amazing, but there's little to them other than being a very impressive backdrop. There's no real reward for exploring, and the various NPCs that litter the sidewalks aren't much more than fancy decoration on an already good looking cake. Perhaps I was asking too much for this to be a deeply engrossing world, yet in a way it is an engrossing world thanks to the storytelling.What you are going to get in Shadowrun Returns is a great story, and for some it might even be too text heavy (especially if English isn't your native language). However, I enjoyed it, the story is basically a detective novel as you try to uncover the mystery of who killed your friend. The catch being the client is the deadman himself, which is great and is a nice nod to the old film noir movies of old.It's due to how well the story is written I can forgive it for being very linear with almost no plot trees or divergence due to your actions or selections that I noticed.In fact, that seems to be the theme of the game. It's a very well presented world, with a very well written story, but just seems to lack a little spice. There's very little loot, there's very little to explore, the skill tree looks rather impressive, but doesn't seem grab you at all. The same with character creation.I don't want to come across as overly negative with the game, as I really did enjoy what was offered, yet I feel like it could have offered so much more. Again, perhaps I'm demanding too much from what is already a very well presented game.On the plus side it has Steam Workshop intergration and there seems to be a host of community mods and projects underway, so a host of new content should just be around the corner. Likewise the developers have released DLC, which seemingly adds another layer to the game (perhaps that's what I'm looking for?).In short, a very solid game and a welcome return for Shadowrun, but it's not as brutal as the original and perhaps lacks that little something extra to make it a true great. Enjoy the detective story."
76561198016416384,Not Recommended,234650,7744886,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[FROG]Wael,"While it could have been great, the game is simply flawed with the save system.I played Shadowrun in the late eighties, early nineties, and this game reminded me well known emotions during half an hour, after it was lost. Too few items, too few weapons, too little roleplaying."
,Recommended,234650,27779393,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,anonymous-tunes,prosgood storygreat musicfun/ engagingonly one bug. easy to fix.consno voice actorslots of reading.other info17 hours to play main story.
,Recommended,234650,12571015,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Yung Neff,"Note: this is for the base game without DLC/Dragonfall.I've never played a turn-based strategy combat RPG or whatever kind of game this is, before, so I didn't know what to expect. The gameplay mechanics felt so-so when I started. I played for like 30 minutes , gave up, then picked it up again a month or two later. Strategy isn't my forte so I was hesitant to crank the difficulty up for a challenge, it already felt frustrating to miss shots and then have to wait for things to happen during enemy turns. I got used to it after a couple hours, as I learned the game more and generally got smarter about what to do. I upgraded my opinion of the game play to ""yeah that seems alright then.""The class/karma point system is pretty interesting and I had fun toying with that. The decking/hacking bits were cool and I wish there were a lot more of those scenes/levels. Be wary if you go for a rigger build, there are a couple points in the game where glitches are possible to encounter, you'll have to unequip your drones to progress and it felt kinda sad considering that's the whole point of the build I wanted. The story is also very linear, I think there's only one optional mission you can do that diverges from the main plot.It's a 2d isometric game, so if you're not into that sort of retro style you may not like it. I thought it was gorgeous, and along with story-telling and the slang it was really easy to feel immersed and taken away by the plot. There's no voice acting, only text with pre-written options (of varying personalities) of your character's reply. After a couple hours of playing I didn't want to stop because I wanted to see what would happen next. The story and atmosphere are A+ for me and I plan on buying the new game solely based on that.There's a decently sized mod community as well. I haven't played any yet but I have a few user made campaigns to try out soon that seem worthwhile."
,Recommended,234650,34517881,Posted: 26 August,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Watch your back, shoot straight, conserve ammo, and never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon."
,Not Recommended,234650,8847653,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,dotAbyss,"Mediocrity is the word that best describes this game. Its art style is really charming, but only in screenshots.The combat is made of a fixed number of battles in the campaign, wich are not hard, not easy, but neither do they require strategic thinking. The tutorial is also really bad, only by the end of the game you'll get to understand what some type of characters do. The story is pretty simple, but the included campaign lasts more than it should. I often thought the game was gonna end after one battle, only to be surprised by villains who always run away and another few pointless quests.I should note that the game also lets you create your own campaigns, a feature I didn't use. It might be interest for someone."
,Recommended,234650,22594577,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Spoony Bard,"If you're a fan of the old Shadowrun games on Genesis or SNES, this might be for you. If you enjoyed the Shadowrun FPS/Counter-Strike clone from a few years back, you probably won't like this so much. I give this a mixed thumbs up- the combat and leveling system are fun, but the story/writing and conclusion are pretty balls."
,Recommended,234650,11159601,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 8.5/10What is it?Turn based RPG set in a cyberpunk setting.The Good+ Great story and dialogue options+ Great character development, you can choose between a variety of different types to fit any playstyle. Brawler, weapon specialist, hacker, drone control, mage, shaman etc... Different stats determine how good you are in each ability.+ Fun combat. Its turn based so strategy is involved in how you develop your character but also your party members. Combat is also fast paced.+ Lots of spells, weapons and armor to further customize your characters+ Easy to learn game mechanics. At first I thought the game would be intimidating however a few minutes into the combat and I realized how simple it was+ Great graphics and art style. I really enjoy the cyberpunk setting mixed with all the crazy characters.+ Character portraits look really nice+ Very slick UI and HUDThe Bad- Can be frustrating when you character misses on enemies even with a high hit percentage.- Even after you kill all enemies, rather than the game exiting battle mode you have to control each party member to the exit to progress- minor bugs.ConclusionIf you loved the original Fallout games or even Baldurs Gate, you need to play this game. I was surprised how good it was."
76561198030788488,Recommended,234650,13107682,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Cracktus Jack,"Shadowrun Returnsis a isometric tactical RPG. In a dystopian future, where dormant elf, orc and troll genes reemerged in the population, where immortal dragons run mega-corporations that control the world, mercenaries run the shadows to do everyone else’s dirty work with the use of guns, magic and technologies. They call themselves Shadowrunners. This review takes into account the freeDragonfall DLCreleased later after the game.Pros: The first module, called Dead Man’s Switch, is a nice although straightforward introduction to players who aren’t familiar with the game and explores the Seattle setting. The second module, called Dragonfall, offers a lot more character development and additional flexibility and options to complete any given quest, all while exploring the anarchy-governed flux-state of Berlin. The game backgrounds are gorgeous hand-drawn stills, added with the techno-trance music gives the game an eerie atmosphere, each building and object seemingly having a story of its own to tell, while the music adjust to combat scenes before slowing down once you’re back from it. The game progression is straightforward, the skills are broken down into skill trees with a clear view of what you get from raising any attributes or skill. There is no set character class, although you have pre-generated archetypes you can start from.Cons: The story is somewhat linear, most of all in Dead Man’s Switch, where choice will change the dialog but not the outcome of the story. General graphics aren’t on par with the AAA industry, so anyone looking for graphical realism will be sorely disappointed. There is no voice acting, so get ready to read a lot if you want to have any hopes of feeling involved in the story. The two modules which happen at the same time, aren’t related to each other, so there is no progression from one to the other, and are both somewhat quick to play through.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ - It's up to youLet’s judge the game for what it is: a crowdfunded indie game (the success story that put Kickstarter on the map for many people) meant to be used as an engine for the modding community, community that has been very active at creating new stories, new equipment, new world object for other modders, and is using the engine in new and creative ways. As you play, you can feel the richness of the game’s tabletop RPG heritage, and you just wish you could learn more about that world. It is fun, it is well worth the money and time, and it’s definitively a game I recommend!—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,234650,8126592,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Spoony One,"It plays a lot like the new X-Com on a more personal scale, and a lot more choice when it comes to combat. Since it includes a lot of RPG elements and the Shadowrun setting, you can create a character any way you like, from a run-and-gunner to a mage slinging fireballs, to a mage slinging buffs, to a mage with a pet, or something in-between.Some things seem unpolished or foolish, however, like running a melee combatant or a physad; The few times I tried to melee an opponent, even with a physad NPC, I got chopped into hamburger. I'm also unsure why you'd want to stick with pistols when rifles and shotguns are available, no matter how good pistols get later in the game. Maxing out pistol skills seems silly. Similarly, some of the etiquette skills are nearly useless, while some are indispensable. I suppose that's true in life as well, but it's easy to feel annoyed that you've wasted your skill points.But the setting is fantastic, and feels like it was written by people who know the game and want to make it as authentic and immersive as possible."
76561198028081396,Not Recommended,234650,7985582,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Swing,"I had some fun with this game but the number of bugs I've encountered spoiled all the fun. The game has a huge potential, but it seems it has been wasted.1) The engine looks nice but it's FLAT. I'm not asking for much, even ""Fallout 2"" nearly 15 years ago had stairs in it. Not to mention original X-Com/UFO series from mid 90's. Also there's absolutely no interaction with it accept for cover options and a few active objects.2) The autosave option is a pain... especially when you have to reload due to a bug.3) Numerous BUGS! ""escaping"" camera (occuring even in ""locked"" mode!), unselectable ""active objects"", weird interface lags.4) Original campaign storyline is linear. Don't expect many side quests or free content exploration becouse there is NO CONTENT, there's only a series of tactical missions.The only hope for this game is fanmade content, but I'm dropping it untill the engine gets fixed (that might be forever)."
,Recommended,234650,13464200,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,♠.brT,"I was pretty skeptical of this game, i watched a few videos about it and read a couple of articles about the game, the universe looked pretty interesting, but the gameplay didn't look appealing to me.However, since during the cristmas sale, the game got really cheap , i decided to give it a try, and oh boy. Though i still have mixed feelings about the gameplay, the writing in this game is amazing, i never thought i'd enjoy reading this much in a game before. There is a lot of text, which is actually a good thing. A lot of interesting characters and stories.Would i recommend the game? Sure, but be warned  there isa lot of text, that's pretty much most of the game, and if you don't enjoy reading you are not going to have a good time with this game, though the combat can be pretty fun and chalenging, the writing is pretty much what makes this game great.If I have one complain is how linear it is. Though the level design is pretty good, I'm somewhat disappointed by the lack of exploration. There is a little bit, but the levels are way too linear and it hurts the gameplay. But not by much, since again, the meat of the game is the writing. Also this game looks pretty good. I love the art style of the characters, especially the portraits for the different characters you'll meet, very creative and interesting looking people."
76561198156888237,Recommended,234650,13627038,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Delilaha,"XCom meets Baldurs Gate squished into one.Lots of reading, but thats how these games are, but there is a lot of reading.About 1/2 way through I started to notice some of the text grammer and spelling started to show some foreign traits, but nothing that detracted from the game.The campaign was a touch short.  I'm a casual gamer and I finished my first run in about 18 hours, but I enjoyed it!  Yes I will probably be playing through again.  By the time I was getting to the end I was finially remembering how the talent points worked (yes I played the pen and paper ver some way back when), and what skills/abilities I wanted.All in all I would recomend the game.  Especially if you like XCOM or any of the D&D RPG style games."
76561198126005543,Not Recommended,234650,12333621,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MoofMilker,"If you are looking for a classic CRPG experience in the style of Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale, you've come to the wrong place. This is one of the most linear Rpg's of it's kind i've ever played. Like exploring an open world, picking up side missions, and finding gear? Shadow run has none of this. Instead your stuck in an incredibly tiny hub area (usually just a bar, which you can't leave, though sometimes you have access to the city), which you use to hop from one mission to next, as mentioned before only a couple of these which deviate from the main storyline.  There is no loot really, the only item progression you get is buying the slightly better piece of armor/weapon/decker interface from the hub store. The story was holding it's own, and was a fairly interesting murder mystery untill about halfway through when ***SPOILERS*** you suddenly have to fight a bunch of astral bugs from another dimension and save the world... somehow? It gets completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, in other words. The combat is fairly good, but most of the time you're actually not even fighting anything so I can't reccomend the game based on the combat alone. This is not like an old school Black Isle/Bioware game like the trailers and screenshots make it look to be, so if that's what your looking for don't let this game sucker you into buying it like it did me. 4/10"
76561198027063266,Recommended,234650,12984788,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Snardbuckett,"I enjoyed this and its sequal dragon fall for several reasons.1. portrays shadowruns setting fairly well a dispotic apocalyptic wasteland with trolls and mugic and stuff.2. feels very close in character creation and growth like you are playing tabletop shadowrun !3. memorable characters and a cameo from the old nintendo shadowrun game ! nice.4. a pretty decent amount of options for strategies and you hire your own supporting runners.------------the few cons i found are as follows -------1. first one has kinda poor cyber parts until very late in game.2. healing from mage or shaman is kinda clunky and seriously gibbed by a lot of late game debuffs that give you damage at the start of your turn as healing only heals ""the last wound"" which is also kinda wierd in the players favor if you have 1 point in healing you can heal say a 24 damage crit in one shot if it doesnt have any lingering damage or anything.3.  Riggers seem OP once you get some money under your belt riggers can be up to 3 individual characters (combat) and circumvent things with drones (vents).4. Adept felt on the whole kinda meh. i beat the game and the sequal as an adept first and the second one helps but you still have to activate your abilities wasting 1/3 or 1/2 of your turn just to do the same damage as other people when in the scource game (tabletop) adepts can be passive wrecking machines just as dangerous as any cybersam.5. a few targeting glitches very rare but not being able to shoot at certain enemies at certain times ""just cause"" is a little annoying.6. i would have liked to see more control over your crews loadout and even maybe talent growth especially in the second one as the characters are more integrated into the story as opposed to just coyote in the first one.----------------------------in closing all in all the stories are good for both this and its sequal, the gameplay is solid enough especially for a small dev. They both allow a lot of character options, and advancement strategies. It feels kinda like shadowrun tabletop (a good thing)"
76561198001292196,Not Recommended,234650,28980022,Posted: 3 January,all,Imbagon,"I finished the game.This game was developed for tablets and it hinders the game massively, many reviews seem to leave this part out.+ The story is great and very well fleshed out+ The NPCs you will interact with are interesting, unique and fun to read+ The graphical presentation suits the game's style very well, although key items and interactable objects blend in with static scenery+ The pacing is good+- The ending was satisfactory but nothing great- Short game, for an RPG, definitely not worth full price- A watered down XCOM combat system, boring, dull and clunky. Percentages seem to be broken, movement is annoying, cover is scarce and in illogical places. You can't peak around walls or anything like that.- The UI is barebones at best, you wont spend much time in menus, and as far as I could tell, there's no way to customise your character's gear and inventory unless you purchase something first.- There is little to no explanation of key features of the game, the UI, or the combat. I had to trial and error pretty much everything in the game.- No permanent party members, this means no customisation other than your character, no relationships to develop, no party member backstories to uncover.- The game locks you in combat between encounters, making exploration and navigating and absolute chore. Killing any semblence of enjoyment in exploring the detailed environments."
,Recommended,234650,33383143,Posted: 8 July,all,Poroner,"This is the first installment in the Shadowrun franchise and the weakest one. The developers have improved a lot ever since. It's still enjoyable however.Pros:Unique and detailed worldStory pacing is greatSteam WorkshopAlright writingCons:Too linearChoices don't matterNo switching off combat, thus missions get extremely tediousAbout the gameplayIt's xcom but worse. Serves its purpose but here's the thing. Combat doesn't switch off for the majority of most of the missions so you have to take turns advancing to the next areas. It's incredibly tedious and annoying, it doesn't become a problem until the last few missions however but keep it in mind.Customizationis pretty bare-bones as well aside from the karma system.Matrixis also a chore, understandable it's not good but the game forces you into incredibly long sections.Now the storyIt's intriguing at first, looking into the murder of someone is always great fun but gets really weird towards the end, typical shadowrun stuff however there's almost zero choices that make a difference and unlike the other games you aren't offered a big choice in the end either.Charactersrange from meh to good with a couple of amazing ones. However since the game is short and pretty linear most are not as fleshed out as they should be.You'll need to be into Shadowrun in general to enjoy this. If you liked the other games this is just more of it but worse. I suspect most of you know how that is.At least the devs have greatly improved since they made this."
,Recommended,234650,9991756,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Fork_Q2,"Shadowrun Returns is an top-down isometric RPG game, set in the universe of the Shadowrun pen & paper role-playing game.You take direct control of your central character, followed by the companions you choose or forced to by the game. Combat mode is activated when you encounter aggressive NPCs. Combat options include using cover, summoning creatures to fight for you, healing and boosting your team, spells, melee weapons and gun play. You have direct control of your own team. Interaction with the world and team is highly limited when out of combat unfortunately.When you start a game, you pick your character's gender, race (human, elf, ork, dwarf or troll) and either pick a pre-designed class or build your own. The character creation and progression system is highly flexible, you are given points which you allocate to certain abilities, enhancing them or giving you more options. You earn more of these by progressing through the plot or doing side quests in game. Throughout the game, you can also learn new spells, buy new weapons or invest in implants (at the expense of your ability to cast spells).The default campaign that comes with the game is short, linear, and filled with plenty of good and interesting characters that aren't fully fleshed out. Good plot, but missed opportunity. User generated campaigns are hit and miss, but some surpassing the default campaign.Graphics look beautiful, and really delivers the cyberpunk look and feel. Music and sound effects are good, but with only a limited selection, you end up hearing the same few tracks and sounds often.TL:DR: good for scratching that old-school isometric RPG itch, some good strategic choices to make in the game. The default campaign is fine, but limited, might want to check out the user made stuff, or DLC."
,Not Recommended,234650,9035326,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,dccamsari,"I have a lot of respect to guys who worked on the cool artworks of the game. As a RPG fan, I really wanted to like Shadowrun Returns, but the game kept disappointing me on so many levels and I constantly failed to find RPG features that make me love RPG games.The story is very weak. Just compare the plot with Fallout series, the story of Chosen One, or Planescape Torment, the story of nameless one who wakes up in a mortuary one day and tries to find his forgotten past. Imagine Baldur's Gate's story, Candlekeep attack, Gorion's death, and the hunt for Saverok. Not to mention Kotor. This story doesn't give you any excitement or mystery in the storyline, and I constantly felt like the whole thing was written in a few days after the artwork was designed, although I am sure it is not true.There is no freedom of open world environment. The game dictates where we should go, what we should do to complete a quest. There are no random encounters, locations or rare items. The game doesn't reward you when you succesfully accomplish a mission besides karma points.There are certain areas where you can buy your supplies, have information on your investigations and you can't miss them. There is no puzzle that players can possibly struggle with.We are very limited with NPC options as well. Instead of choosing among several NPCs who have different POVs on matters, we have to choose no-name mercenaries for each battle. Think about Might and Magic series, Baldur's Gate, KOTOR, or Fallout and imagine how NPC choices were changing the gameplay, and how each character had different point of views on your actions.If Shadowrun Returns hadn't described itself as an RPG game, I wouldn't write any of this, but I think this game does not even  deserve to be in the same category with all of the other RPG games. I would even go further and say that even GTA IV, or Diablo is more RPG than Shadowrun Returns because of all the reasons explained above. I think the game tried to accomplish a lot and failed miserably because of this, and I hope they won't make the same mistakes in the future titles."
76561198009088065,Not Recommended,234650,8959232,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Skullivan,"Unfortunate Shadow run is really not that good of a game.I've sunk a considerable amount of time into the title and tried to like it because of the editor but in the end I cannot recommend it. The main problem is that the battle system is incredibly shallow, it is not balanced and to be honest it feels like there wasn't any attempt to create it like a system. It just seems like they added stuff because they thought ""well this is Shadowrun we need to have that"". Decking for example is largely useless unless you are playing a deck heavy UGC, other than that just bring along a decker on your mission and you're good to go.The guns don't feel much different from one another and spells that arnt bugged just seem bland, with again there appearing to be no thought put into the design and place of each mechanic. I think the main problem with the approach they took was that they were trying to develop it for tablet as well as PC and unfortunately it makes the PC version suffer through a general lack of options and customizability that you find in most PC titles."
,Recommended,234650,33697168,Posted: 21 July,all,AntediluvianArk,"A beautiful example where a limited budget was channeled into a tight focused game that removed all of the bloat and excess that weighs down other RPGs. I don't have time anymore for 150 hours of generic fantasy tropes. Shadowrun Returns delivered a tight RPG narrative via interesting ""scenes"" with a nice mix of well-written dialogue and tactical combat encounters in an under-utilized setting.A game dripping in 90's futurism, rain soaked neon, literary noir, pulp fiction covers, and a playful tension between tech obsession and spiritualism.Highly recommended."
76561198049146324,Not Recommended,234650,8705190,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Marcus_BigHouse,"I was a big fan of the genesis version of this game and old fallout series. This game seems to combine both, but it doesn't.The game is very linear, with no options to go back or visit previous places.. All the chat options are meaningless, leaving to the same course. Even the special ones, that you can acquire with 'etiquette' are useless most of the time, useful only a few times to get a bit more money as rewards. Besides, it seems all the etiquettes are used not more than once during the entire game.The gameplay is annoying, with a lot of delay to execute actions. They made a lot of options for classes but you end up not feeling like exploring it. It's like they made a cool framework for a game but forgot to invest in the game itself. Did I already said it's very linear?On the other side, the story is worth paying attention, it could lead to a great 90's investigation movie.I finished the game and don't feel to ever play it again. If you expect even a bit of what I thought it would be, don't buy this game. I'm sorry :("
,Recommended,234650,23531650,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!8/10Recommended PurchaseBetween the CracksShadowrun Returns is a cRPG that was successfully kickstarted and has made its way to steam. The game is set in a cyberpunk world where risk takers, known as shadowrunners, undertake dangerous jobs for whoever pays the most. The game has no multiplayer but instead focuses on its strong singleplayer story and even has steam workshop support so that people can create their own stories and share them with others. Shadowrun Returns is a reboot of an old franchise on SNES going by the same name. This reboot truly sets a new standard for cRPG's with its phenomenal storytelling and graphics that really immerse you in the world of cyberpunk Seattle.The lesson is this - the game is rigged. The cards are stacked. The dice are loaded.It's the same as it always was.-HarlequinShadowruns combat is turn based and, as is usual in the genre, in order to perform any action you require AP. You start the game with 2 points of AP and about halfway through the main story you upgrade to 3 AP. The combat in Shadowrun is pretty usual and there really isn't much special about it. You play as one of 6 classes but really they only affect how you start off early on in the game. Something pretty cool about Shadowrun is that you can build your character however you want regardless of class and your build will still be viable. There are a handful of main skills you can upgrade, such as charisma and strength, and then under those you have at least four or five sub stats such as melee weapons or rifles. The problem here is, at least in the main story, that there are so many stats to upgrade that you can only get about halfway through the skill tree before the game is over. I did almost every side objective there was and I still only got about 3/4 of the way through some of the trees. The game is incredibly linear too so that there is very little you can do in the way of exploration or side objectives. Sometimes you can pass stat checks so that you can avoid combat or haggle price when selling an item but overall the stats really don't feel like they matter in most cases. In some cases, like upgrading rifles or submachine guns you can unlock new abilities to use in combat on those weapons but overall the upgrades from the skill trees are pretty boring. Some of the classes feel really unique and different but others are just typical RPG classes. The rigger, for example, is a class completely focused on controlling your own robots that can do things like sneak through ducts and ambush enemies. Other classes are just basic mages or soldiers and I feel that, while the unique classes are certainly cool, they're overshadowed by the more basic ones. The most interesting part of the game was when you get to hire mercenaries to go on runs with you. You put together a team of runners who come with you on missions and, for the most part you get to pick who you want to come with you, but in some cases you are forced to take main characters. Generally the gameplay is average for a game like this, but I feel they managed to pull it off in a way that, while getting stale after a while, still is respectable for the genre.""Allow me to share a truth with you, Shadowrunner. The truly powerful do nothing themselves unless theyabsolutely have to.""-Hans BrackhausNow lets talk story. Shadowrun is quite short for a game in the same genre as Fallout 2 and Wasteland but I feel the story is compelling enough to make up for the poor length. You play as one of the aforementioned shadowrunners and you're in your apartment when you get a recording from your friend, Sam Watts. He tells you that if you are hearing this then he's dead.However, he has set up 100,000 nuyen (The games currency) wired on a dead-mans switch to be transferred to you if you can find his killer. You accept the job, be it for loyalty, money, or a mixture of the two and set out to look for the man that murdered one of the few you called friend. You journey through this gorgeous cyberpunk Seattle and as you do the game starts pulling you in and immersing you into this dog-eat-dog world. The environments are so incredibly detailed that you can't help but to want to know more about them. The game, however, doesn't really give you much backstory on the world and tries to keep you focused on the main storyline. The first half of the story you're looking for the cyberpunk equivalent of Jack the Ripper and for the latter half you have to stop an invasion by a horde of monstrous spirit bugs that cannot die. Every character you meet will make you care about keeping them alive and doing right by them or, at the very least, get you to want to learn more about them. Even though it's incredibly linear the story itself is very unique and fits in perfectly with the settings and characters in Shadowrun.TL;DRShadowrun Returns shows that combat isn't everything and an intriguing story and artwork to match can be just as importantIf you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561197984766604,Recommended,234650,10481263,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Imamar,"Shadowrun ReturnsExperienceWhen I was a little boy, I remember a tabletop roleplaying game my friend had. It had so interesting looking manual, I couldnt stop browsing it. It had pictures, formulas, almost nude cyborg chicks, mages, lot of guns and swords. It had orcs, elfs, humans, dwarfs, gnomes, giants and minotaurs. My little mind was blown away. I was so excited, I couldnt stop browsing.Time passed and memories faded. I was a teenager and girls were much more entertaining, than a tabletop roleplaying game. Roleplaying games were nerdy thing to do - girls were the cool thing, and you get to kiss them. You can kiss a rpg manual sure, it just taste like a paper.Not so long ago, I saw Shadowrun Returns in Steam Store. Something clicked. I had this indescribable feeling in my stomach. It felt so strange and familiar at the same time, I didnt know what to do actually. My mind went to some kind of automated state, and my mouse pointer hovered over the BUY - button. 30 minutes later, I was playing the game.UniverseShadowrun Returns is set in an alternate future in which magic returned to the world in 2012. Its cyberpunk themed. High fantasy meets science-fiction. Shadowrunners are the elite criminals for hire. They do your dirty work, for a wealthy payment, ofcourse. Cyberspace, omnipresent computer networks, genetic engineering and cyberware are reality.GameplayShadowrun Returns is using isometric view, and you get use cover like in XCOM. Gameplay is fluent and fun. You have many races to choose from, and lot of interesting classes. My first playthrough Im using a rigger. You are basicly an engineer with 2 droids to use and control. Im using shotguns and most of my points are in intelligence, drone control and drone combat. Partysize is four, and you have tons of choices. You hire your party members to every missions. Im usually using me ( as a rigger) , a mage, ranged specialist, and a shaman. Enemies vary alot, and story line is amazing. Its so fun, and entertaining. You can create your own campaigns and upload them to Steam. There are many good custom campaigns to download. This game is gonna entertain you a long time. Length of the original campaign is 15-20 hours, and gameplay is linear.I recommend Shadowrun Returns to all isometric rpg freaks."
76561198173652042,Recommended,234650,32970027,Posted: 28 June,all,todd coward,"TL;DR: game gudPROS:Characters in Shadowrun Returns are amazingly fleshed out. Nearly every NPC in the game is important or at least has a unique personality/backstory. Even the player character, despite a lack of real choices to make, is their own person.I LOVED the first half of the story. It was like a 50's noir but in a neon-colored dystopian future.It's very linear. This will not be a positive thing for everyone, but if you want something 100% story-based, this is it.Combat is fun. It wasn't anything special, but I felt that the simplicity was the right choice for a short game. It's also worth mentioning that combat doesn't happen often until maybe halfway through the game. You're looking at a lot of reading and dialogue. Naturally, this could be a positive or negative thing to you.I loved the visuals in this game. The way maps are structured and the way colors are balanced really impressed me.CONS:The writing can get pretty, uh... strange. There are occasional typos; in one specific chapter, run-on sentences happen in three separate dialogue cutscenes. It ultimately doesn't happen often AT ALL, but when it does, it's distracting.There are some situations in which the dialogue involves so much cheesy 90's lingo that I couldn't take what was happening seriously. You could say that's part of the charm, of course.It felt like a lot of the abilities were overused or simply unnecessary. For instance, Decking plays a MAJOR part in the game, to the point where it would probably be useless to play as anything but a Decker. Etiquettes only open up, like... 5 dialogue options in the whole game (not exact number, but that's what it felt like). A lot of potential with minimal follow-up.The second half of the story gets unnecessarily convoluted. Not sure if this is spoilers,but I wish the writers would have minimized the ""supernatural"" elements.In the end, the characters are what make Shadowrun Returns a damn good game. I just can't stress how impressed I am with the depth of every NPC. The pros outweigh the cons enough for me to give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,234650,21806651,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,tieio,A terrific game. I was a huge fan of Shadowrun in my youth during the 80's and enjoyed playing it table top. As a video game it is a really good immersive feel. I am not a huge fan of so much reading usually and would have enjoyed more voice acting but this was a fun game non the less.
76561198025836120,Not Recommended,234650,33247948,Posted: 4 July,all,Lathrael,"Great writing, art, and a very nice story except the thing feels like chapter:1 of something.On the bad side, it's competely lineer. There's NO difference between in any given choices except just a couple one at the end of the game, strips away the replayablity and RP part. Which is annoying because it's a huge missed oppurtunity. Combat is not bad, but AFTERcombat is annoying since game does not revert real time.I would say 6/10."
,Recommended,234650,24513456,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Corax,"This game was a suprise for me. I did not now about Shadowrun universe before, and i was kind of dumbstruck about the setting. Think DnD with cyberpunk. This alone made me buy this game, and this beauty did not disappoint me.Combat is like the X-COM Enemy Within. Not detailed as much but still, enjoyable. The campaign is interesting (though not as much as dragonfall) and you can download more campaigns through steam workshop. There are many campaigns there and some of them are very, very good. Have I mentioned the setting is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome?This is an awesome game and it deserves it's pricetag."
,Recommended,234650,12704864,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sleaker,"I really enjoyed the elements brought into the game from the RPG books.  They have done a great job merging the different types of combat, and interaction with the world even though the game sets you to run a specific story I found myself not minding the limited scope.  Normally I go for action-rpg combat, but this game manages to still have good flow with the turn based combat.  Overall I'd say it's a very well put together game especially for the price."
76561198017382987,Not Recommended,234650,17477259,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Lydia XIII,"So let's start this review by criticizing the story-module they offer with the game, since its the only story provided with the game and while yes you can acquire others from the Workshop, you'd expect something more solid, At this time I have about 10 hours I believe put into this game and with that I was able to start a first game, went maybe a quarter to a third of the way thru, than decide to restart with a different character and finish it... all in 10 hours, its very short overall, and the logevity of the game depended solely on the players themselves building new stories, which is not a good idea, since players didn't program the game or get paid for it, their work will most likely not be up to par... typically, but in this case, I am not really sure of the quality of the module provided with the game.Look at the Deadman's Switch story, effectively it has alot in common with Robert E. Charette Secrets of Power Shadowrun Novel series, you have a Sam Watts, instead of Sam Verner, heck you see one of Verner's buddies in there too, also with one of your runners named Coyote, somehow a connection to Sam Verner, however indirectly this time. Ultimately like that Novel series you are a man (or woman) on a hunt, in the Secrets of Power it was Sam Verner on the hunt for his sister, in here it was your Shadowrunner on the hunt for Sam Watts murderer, and in the end just like with the novel you end up dealing with some creepy spirits and it became the main issue to deal with at the end of the story. Frankly I am shocked nobody else saw how they merely copied various elements from the Secrets of Power novel series and recreated a cheaper story based on such elements but of far more mediocre result and with a far too cliché ending for the genre. So story wise the single module provided is a enormous let down.Now for the Gameplay, well its not too bad, but felt fairly limited, you have effectively a single Shadowrunner you can buid and equip, those you can hire are pre-made entirely and you can't even modify their gear, shouldn't you be able to buy weapons and stuff and loan it to them or something? It would make sense... rather you are stuck with whatever they want. Also they don't level up along with you, but as the game advance the entire list of potential runners is updated at a few spots in the storyline, also you only have two runners that have any connection to the storyline mostly, those two are involved in it and one of them is only available for a couple of missions, the other is only available after the first is not available anymore, which mean you never truly feel involved with your crew all too much and they are very much expandable assets. Also a problem is the bits of the story in the Matrix, unless you make your char a Decker, or at least update one to be a Decker on the side of anything else you want it, well you are going to have issues, the few spots where you have to deal with the Matrix would have to rely on pre-made chars that you don't have any choices over the build for, which can be a serious issue. They shouldn't have made the Matrix runs a necessity if you only have one custom char and that char might not be a Decker.Another issue is the game sometimes bugs and those bugs can be dire, at one point I wasn't able to do anything anymore during a fight, I couldn't attack or anything, so I had to close the game and load my auto-save, only happened once, yet its still annoying."
,Recommended,234650,28661975,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pingster,"A captivating turn based game, the like of which I've not played since Fallout 1 & 2. The story's amazing (heck, I just played through the game in one sitting, was worth it!), just wish there was voice acting for it as well.Little snag I had was that it sometimes would keep you in combat for too long, meaning it would be a hassle to move your troops from point A to point B once everything in the vicinity is killed off. Other than that, no complaints about the game. Time to play the other installations!"
,Recommended,234650,17798149,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Arbiter Libera,"Why does this keep happening to me? And by this I'm referring to the fact I can't seem to play a game where I can say, in clear-cut manner ""this is good or this is bad"", but always have to keep a balancing scale in my head and actively weighing positives and negatives against each other. Well, in one more attempt to remain consistent such is the case with Shadowrun Returns so let's get down to it, chummer.First thing first – it's GREAT to see Shadowrun make a proper return to the world of video games following its less than stellar last entry. That does come with a caveat or two because Returns was funded thanks to a Kickstarter project and this fact seeps through almost every aspect of the game, but we'll get around to that in due time. If there is one major Achilles heel worth noting it's the fact the entire game feels like a very light venture into the world of Shadowrun, but also one that makes only a token effort in explaining inner workings and setting itself to the uninitiated. If you don't know much about Shadowrun you'll get a brief 101; only for parts pertinent to what you're dealing with and delivered to you at a snail's pace primarily through loading screen text. This goes beyond matters of fluff and extends to systems themselves  - it's a borderline RPG-lite experience compared to what many have come to expect these days, eschewing things like looting fallen bodies and any great interaction with the world that surrounds you aside from few mechanics-related interactable points. This goes hand-in-hand with very light-weight tutorials which you'll have to actively seek instead of them being naturally introduced to ease you into the game. This may or may not be a relevant sticking point depending on your level of familiarity no only with Shadowrun but also with RPGs in general, though.To keep everything in perspective it is important to note this game was not made on a multi-million dollar budget and that should exempt it from some of the problems, even if things such as sometimes unresponsive functions and somewhat uninspired takes on certain elements like implementation of the Matrix remain annoying throughout the game. Speaking of which, as much as I love to see everything ranging from Adepts to Deckers presented not all Archetypes were created equal as far as unique selling points go and neither were Etiquettes aka your social ""specializations"" which unlock specific options in dialog. Game really could have used more of these options in general, but I guess it functions acceptably well with this overall linear structure of the game taking you from location to location as story demands and not letting you re-visit older ones, local quasi-hub notwithstanding.That was enough nagging about the game, where's the good stuff? Returns is not a bad game and you may have noticed I gave it a thumb up recommending it despite my incessant complaining in paragraphs above. Why? Because it's a still a competent RPG with great flavor and decent character building options. It smartly offsets the fact you only customize the main character by letting you choose who to take with you on missions from a roster of contracts, quality ranging depending on how deep your pockets are. Even though it kinda takes a while to kick in, game's story certainly delivers on everything from standard Shadowrunner fare to more... out there revelations and twists you will probably not see coming, but which still have absolute basis in existing lore.  Relatively short by RPG standards, but succinctly to the point and with no filler to waste your time. Characters? They definitely take a backseat to events unfolding although I have no doubt you'll find favorites among them.Last advice, chummer – never EVER cut a deal with a dragon if you value your sorry existence."
76561198030933682,Recommended,234650,25273635,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Amaryllis,Harebrained Schemes got themselves a true winner. This series is here to stay. Get on the cyberpunk board!
76561198064052830,Recommended,234650,33633726,Posted: 18 July,all,Danger_Meyrick,"I recommend this game but with a few provisos:It is an INCREDIBLY linear game, to the point of pretty much being a point and click story. There is no mystery, no variation or different ways of doing things that has any real consequence. This game is only good for one play through, which will take you probably around 5 hours; so it is also a very short game.However, this short and linear game is very enjoyable. It's an engaging story that provides pleasant escapism and enjoyable if unchallenging gameplay. As such, I recommend the game, but ONLY on sale. It is definitely not worth the full retail price. I picked it up for £1.09 in the Summer sale. Much more than that would have been robbery.In short, it's only a good game if you buy it on sale; but it is a good game."
,Recommended,234650,27357640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pindaíba,"Shadowrun is the iconic cyberpunk RPG franchise from the 80's. RPG fans might also remember GURPS which had a cyberpunk module, and also the Neuromancer novel was a hit at that time. But it was Shadowrun that was succesfully converted into videogames, with two different games on the Sega Genesis and the Super Nintendo that a lot of RPG fans seem to remember. This game is a homage to these two games, rebooting the electronic franchise in a memorable way.This game style is pretty old school. You wander around places talking to people, searching for clues, learning information and finding items, just like an adventure game. Occasionally you will have to fight, tactical RPG style. You have action points to spend and got to position the characters wisely. Nothing new here, but it just works. All the reading provide immersion and the fights feel quick enough not to bore you.You have a single character, which actually helps role playing. The kind of character you build will influence how you will play the game. There are some decisions that depend on what class you are playing, so it feels great to make a difference when your skills are needed. You control other characters in fights too, you can recruit people and some people stick with you for a bit while the story is being told.This new franchise is compatible with GNU/Linux systems, and it plays very well on my Intel HD3000 onboard graphics. Graphics are simple, but well done. It feels like a classic game, but so much easier to get into in comparison with the older siblings.I recommend this to anyone who is interested in cyberpunk and enjoys some immersion and story telling. RPG fans are going to have fun building a character, the system is interesting and fresh. I recommend reading about character building before playing, unless you enjoy learning the hard way that going full hybrid won't work well."
,Recommended,234650,10835629,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deathecus,"A cyberpunk-themed old-school turn-based RPG? Color me excited!Shadowrun has great graphical asthetics and feel, it plays well and the written dialogue and story is fantastic. The turn-based combat may be the weakest portion of the game, it's rather basic but it isn't bad and does what it needs to do.If you're into this sort of genre then you will be sucked into this world.*Update*The Dragonfall DLC Campaign is HIGHLY recommended! Far better than Dead Man's Switch in terms of story and (imo) characters. Be sure to pick up both!"
,Recommended,234650,11192136,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Yureina,"Cyberpunk, Fantasy, Dystopia, Quality writing, and turn-based isometric gameplay. In other words... it's a cross between Deus Ex and the old Fallout games (1/2). Neat!I heard that this was a game series that existed many years ago, but I had never heard of it before playing this. No matter, since I didn't need any extra backstory to understand what was going on here. And what I saw was quite good. :DTook about 10-12 hours to beat the main storyline, but you can also create your own campaigns. Many have done so, and you can find them on the workshop to add a little more to this game. There's also a DLC that i've yet to play, and i'll put a review of that separately when I do.Anyway, I love Deus Ex and Fallout - two of my favorite franchises of all time. So naturally I have much to like about this game. Good storytelling, good gameplay, and a wide variety of choice and replayability options. Plus mods and more content on the way.Have fun! I did. :3Edit: Played Dragonfall. It's even better than the main game is. If you get Shadowrun Returns and like it, then get Dragonfall too. It is worth it. ^_^"
,Not Recommended,234650,12946950,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Indigo,"Man, I really REALLY wanted to like this game...A big part of that is because I think the world of Shadowrun is an awesome setting for a game, I mean I've never played the tabletop game but I've heard loads about it (primarily from watching Counter Monkey) and I think the idea of mixing a Gibson-esque Cyberpunk setting with elements of more traditional western fantasy (Orks, Elves, Dragons, what have you) is a really cool concept. I'm one of those people who could never really get into games/movies/books about western medievil fantasy settings, they just always seemed kinda boring by design, seen one seen 'em all y'know? Skyrim is one of the only games with that sort of Tolkien-esque world that was able to hold my attention, and that was only because the Nordic stuff was able to overshadow it and make for a more interesting world (Snowy peaks > green fields, just sayin').But Cyberpunk? I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE cyberpunk!I love the idea of speculating about  a darker future, how technology has changed us for better or for worse, the ethics and practicalities of cybernetics and artificial intelligence, it's just got so much more meat to it. And when you take all that AND THEN add magic and elves and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You've got the potential for some really interesting ideas and stories, and I'd absolutely love to see a game do this setting justice... but this is just not it.First, I'd like to disclaim this by clarifying that I am not entirely versed in the Shadowrun lore, I don't know how true to the books this game is, so I won't judge it one way or another in that respect. I will however say that had I not known anything at all about Shadowrun prior to playing this game I don't think I'd have gotten much from it. Things like the Sixth World and the Great Awakening are referenced but nobody ever explicitly explains what they are or how the dynamics of this world work. Why did magic come back? Where did it go? Where did all the elves, orks, and trolls come from? Who are S.T.A.R.S? What's a Doc-Wagon? None of these things are addressed, and while I understand that this is a game made for and by longtime Shadowrun fans, and as such there's going to be references that only long-time fans will necessarily understand, I get that, but It's not a good sign when I feel like I need to crack a players guide for the tabletop game just to understand what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, and that's how I felt while playing much of this game.Also, the writing in this game, or atleast the base campaign, is very... eh.I Mean it wasn't bad, it all makes sense, there were no glaring plot-holes or laughably bad exposition, but that's just the thing, it's very... okay. It's not what I'd call bad, but save a few stand out-moments it wasn't all that exceptional either. The idea of building a story around your dead friend hiring you to solve his murder from beyond the grave is an interesting idea but I've seen it done before, and far better. Also, while I definitely think that a noir-style crime drama would be the perfect framework to explore the world of Shadowrun, I just don't feel like the story presented lived up to the setting's potential. But again, this only refers to the Dead Man's Switch base campaign, I understand that many fan-made campaigns acted as a far better realizations of the Shadowrun setting, but I don't really think it's fair to include user-made content in a review like this.I think one of the major things that kills this game for me is the fact that it tries to be a throwback to old-school CRPGs, but it's completely linear, and doesn't give you the kind of freedom one would come to expect from a CRPG. There are very few optional missions or objectives to speak of, and while there are multiple ways to complete many of the objectives, much of the time it feels less like a choice, and more like a calculation (I recall one situation where a dialog choice asked me if I wanted to pay this guy 100 creds for what he knows or 50 creds. No speech check, no skills or disciplines involved, flat question of ""would you like to pay more money or less for the same information?""). The Dialogue trees in general just feel pretty cut and dry to me, very ""nice response/jerk response/witty response,"" much of the time, and it just comes off as boring to me. I do however think that going text only instead of recording some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥voice acting was definitely the right thing to do, in my mind CRPGs have always been about replicating the experience of reading a good book in the context of an interactive environment, and when a game like this adds unnecessary voice acting it sometimes kills the experience, at least for me, and since quite a bit of the actual written dialogue is pretty damn good despite the plot in which it takes place, I am glad they went this route.The turn-based combat is actually one aspect of this game that I thought was pretty good, I mean it's pretty much XCOM light but that's okay, it functions very well and doesn't feel out of place in the setting or genera. I do feel like melee weapons were made somewhat under-powered, which is disappointing to me as I decided to play a Street Samurai specializing in melee and shotguns. Also, this game seems to have some kind of percentage skewing problem in which you seemed to miss ""70% chance"" shots 80% of the time, but that might have just been my rotten luck. Other then that the combat seems to work just fine for what it is.Another aspect of this game that I found a very mixed bag is the aesthetic, the backgrounds for one thing look fantastic, they're all hand-drawn in the classic CRPG style, and they do the seemingly impossible task of making the aesthetic of a grimy, neon soaked, cyberpunk world look beautiful (all-be-it with a little too much blue-saturation for my tastes). The in-game models on the other hand... not so much. I understand, this game was kick-started, they were on a budget, and as someone who doesn't have a very beefy PC I am rather grateful that they didn't emphasize graphical fidelity and turn the game into a performance hog, but that said, I do think they could have put a little more polish into making the in-game models match the backgrounds a little better, as it stands they just kinda clash and it creates a very odd contrast, it just doesn't look very good.I have other criticisms I'd like to level at this game, the character customization was a little lacking for my tastes (especially the outfit choices), some of the character portraits look better then others, and cyberware is drastically underplayed (which is one of my favorite aspects of the cyberpunk setting, so that's especially disappointing to me), but at this point I'm nearing the level of nit-picking so I think it's about time to wrap this up. I feel like a total jerk right now, because this is a kickstarted game I'm talking about here, it's a miracle this game was even made at all, and as a budding Shadowrun fan myself I am glad that it exists and is introducing the setting to other people. However at the end of the day the mark of a good game is whether or not I feel truly engaged in it, feel self-driven in playing and enjoying it, and look forward to playing it some more as soon as I power it down, and Shdaowrun Returns just didn't do it for me.I have been informed that Dragonfall fixed many of the problems I had with Returns however, so I do intend to give that a go when I can, and I really hope that turns out to be true because Shadowrun deserves a game to truly do it justice, and this just ain't it."
,Recommended,234650,7755799,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jutXKNUWT1gKickstarter has proven itself to be an exciting tool for gamers disenchanted with the the games being pushed out be major publishers. Last year Kickstarter exploded with projects promising to revive classic gaming franchises and bring new releases that embrace classic gaming conventions. Shadowrun Returns is one of the first major kickstarter releases to come to market and it's success or failure to impress will inevitably shape gamers trust of the kickstarter. Based on a pen and paper RPG, two completely different Shadowrun titles were released for the Super Nintendo and the Sega Genesis. The shadowrun universe is a unique combination of high fantasy races like elves and dwarfs and a cyberpunk world. Shadowrun Returns offers an original campaign, turn based tactical combat and a robust editor that allows players to create their own campaign.Your created character has struggled after a shadowrun gone bad and is contacted by one of your old crew members from that run named Sam Watts. The catch is that Sam has been murdered and his message is pre recorded, in it, he offers you 100,00 nuyen if you are able to bring the person who killed him to justice. As it turns out, Sam has been slain by a notorious serial killer, the Emerald City Ripper. The quest to identify the ripper takes you through drug dens, shadowrunner bars, the National Transportation Safety Board, a mental hospital, a cult's worship center and into mega corp territory. The narrative is very noir inspired with its femme fatals, seedy locations and nihilistic denizens. The script is peppered with slang that is simultaneously ridiculous and enriching. This is especially important since Shadowrun Returns features no voice acting. The regulars of the Seamstress Union, your quest hub for much of the game, are usually up for a little chat and even the merchants are on the loquacious side, sharing their personal stories before hocking their wares. Oddly enough, most of the shadowrunners that accompany your character on missions are mute. There are a handful of optional tasks and even fewer optional missions to pad your coffers. It's ultimately a refreshing experience since your character and the supporting cast are fueled solely by their own personal gains and vendettas instead of high-minded, self aggrandizing world saving exploits.Tackling your missions involves navigating isometric maps, extracting information from the locals and of course engaging in turn based tactical combat. Exploring the sections of Seattle that host your missions isn't often rewarding. On occasion you will run across a grenade or a med kit for taking the trouble to look around before chatting with the next NPC that points your party in direction of the critical path. Fortunately, Shadowrun Returns often makes finding the way to your next objective engaging by asking you to so some puzzle solving, detective work and smooth talking. When the need to fight arises, combat starts immediately without any transition screens and props that litter the environment becomes all important cover. The turn based combat will have you analyzing the positioning of your units, managing action points and deciding which skills and spells to use. There are also elements in the environment to take advantage of, Riggers can send their drones through vents and Deckers can enter the Matrix to hack turrets, security cameras and swipe information to fence for funds. Turns in Shadowrun Returns are not governed by stats; there is simply a player phase and an enemy phase which makes streamlines planning. A large emphasis is on ranged combat since firearms are generally more powerful though melee attacks provide secondary effects like taking away a target's action points in addition to health. A wide range of buffs and debuffs can also swing the conditions on the battlefield in your favor.Where much of the difficulty in Shadowrun comes in is through the use of overwhelming numbers. Often enemy encounters are lopsided and several missions have you face down endless waves of enemies until a given task is complete. Careful planning and making use of the environment makes these missions more than manageable. In fact, on the whole, Shadowrun is a bit on the easy side if you build an offense based class. Instead of gaining levels, completing actions earns your character karma. Karma can be spent on stat increases that progressively become more expensive as they increase. In addition there are base stats that must be leveled to level a subset of stats that are associated with that particular stat. All of the other shadowrunners that your character hires are not customizable in any way. While this fits into the lore of Shadowrun, it can make the game more difficult if you choose to play as a specialized support character.The futuristic Seattle rendered in Shadowrun Returns is quintessential cyberpunk with hand painted interiors and cityscapes. The hand-painted aesthetic is very attractive and distinct and most of your surroundings are packed with details.  Most everything not associated with the Mega corporations are dingy and filthy and bathes in neon light. Unfortunately, some of the miliue can feel lifeless since there are few animated assets present. A few particle effects would have gone a long way toward making the streets of Seattle much less static. Characters are very minimalistic and their animations are modest. Detailed character portraits make up for this and do a commendable job communicating some personality. The music is handled by the composers of the original soundtracks for the Genesis and SNES games and as one would expect it has a large electronic influence. It's a catchy soundtrack that pays homage to it predecessor while properly aiding the tone of Returns.Shadowrun Returns is one of several games that has to shoulder the heavy burden of gamers expectations from Kickstarter funded games and it has held up it's part of those expectations admirably. Harebrained Schemes has delivered several balancing patches and has offered excellent support for Shadowrun Returns and it's quality is quite exceptional. It's cyberpunk noir narrative is highly enjoyable with it's cast of characters motivated by very personal circumstances rather than the need for glory and heroism. Combat is simple but flexible, offering an appreciable degree of options for taking down foes. It's also a bit easy, linear and has a modest presentation but all of this is easily forgiven since it's price is a third of a tiple A game. Shadowrun Returns is an excellent example of what made classic RPGs special while reminding us how far the genre has come. Now, let's hope that Wasteland 2 and Broken Age also impress."
,Not Recommended,234650,16516224,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,sumotsunami,"I bought some donuts for a sidequest I didn't even know existed until I went and talked to a cop who wanted some donuts... This game is too linear.This game bored me to death. Read other reviews because I don't even want to think about all the things I really dislike about this game. I was looking for something akin to ""Arcanum"" but got some empty world game with buggy controls and pointless quests. Hacking is pointless. Everything seems pointless in this game because of how incredibly linear it is. I'd try to do my own thing, but that's often how I'd end up with quest items (like donuts) before I even knew the quest existed."
,Not Recommended,234650,8896103,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Eisentrout,Doesn't feel as inclusive as the Pen and Paper RPG. Feels a bit like a weak form of XCOM in the combat scenarios. 5/10
76561198131585552,Recommended,234650,34166158,Posted: 11 August,all,Khaldai,"7/10The gameplay isn't anything revolutionary. It's really just an isometric turn based combat system, and that's fine. I didn't mind the combat at all. It was fluid, and I had zero issues with doing exactly what I wanted. My problem was staying in combat even after the combat was over, which yeah, extends to another fight scene but the enemies were sometimes 4 rooms ahead.The visuals were lovely. I loved the scenery and the atmosphere the game created and the cyberpunk thematic can be heavily felt throughout the entire game. The characters weren't exactly a sight to behold, but being an isometric game, it wasn't really an issue. Besides, the interaction with the NPCs goes through text boxes and portraits that depict them, and they were very well drawn so, nothing to whine about there.I absolutely loved the music on this one. Working together with the visuals, it paints an astonishingly gritty, dark, vampire the masquerade meets transmetropolitan, post apocalyptic atmosphere, with all the hookers, beggars, smart drugs and what not in the slums.Amazing!The controls weren't any trouble, it's pretty much all point and click so there's not much to say about it.The story wasn't unique, and the bugs did kinda make it quirky but it was still enjoyable, though if I felt like replaying it would be to try different builds rather than the story.The characters on the other hand were amazingly fleshed out and unlike many AAA ""story driven"" games, they really felt like they were a part of the story and adding up to it, rather than simply being there out of sheer necessity to fill out the blank spots.All in all, I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys the cyberpunk/gothic thematic."
76561198017636421,Recommended,234650,17665370,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Zillu,Great turn-based RPG with an awesome story and nice graphics!
76561197981057180,Recommended,234650,31290198,Posted: 21 April,all,Human/Washing,Good: Strong cyberpunk plot/music/story/charactersBad: Linear with few weighty decision points
76561198301645074,Recommended,234650,32527326,Posted: 17 June,all,Turbo,"This game is boss. If you're into RPG's. This is a game for nerds. You pick your race, then you pick your class. The cool thing about this game is that you can play a Decker and build it like a street samuri. So you can hack into stuff easier then a samuri would be able to. But since you are building it like a samuri you have a bunch of fire power. You also have to play this game for the character building and story not so much the gameplay. And I'll admit the game is kinda slow. But it's a game I enjoy very much."
76561198026673827,Recommended,234650,11182942,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lonesome Wolf,"Ah Shadowrun.Being developed by some of the leading heads of the franchise you sure get that feeling when playing the game.Sure some things could have been better - the combat system/abilities/weapons could have been a bit more complex and imo far more of the stuff should have been taken over from the pen&paper system but graphics, sounds, dialogues and story all make up for that and just feel right when the playing the game - plus they provided a nice modding platform to statisfy different needs. :]The Dragonfall expansion is even better.(still yearning for a multiplayer mode here :p )"
76561198197387001,Recommended,234650,32788965,Posted: 25 June,all,StrixNebulosa,"Like D&D, but cyberpunk and singleplayer. Super enthralling, sucks you in very fast, I didn't notice it was 2 in the morning until my dog wanted to go outside."
,Recommended,234650,10879132,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EGGBABE,"If you just get the base game, you're going to be getting a solid game with access to player made modules. If you get Dragonfall too, you're getting an amazing campaign that's comparable to some of the best examples of the genre in all but length."
,Recommended,234650,10134980,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,MCofDiablo,"Very nice game. I didn't expect it to be that good.Pluses:+ Visual style!+ Interesting story. You investigate the murder of your friend. Of course, everything is not what it looks like.+ Character skills. There are lots of them. You have to be careful with what you choose as you can't revert it.+ Combat. I like turn-based combat system. Here it is a lot of fun. You have to think your strategy through very thoroughly.+ Great music!+ Memorable characters!There are a few minuses as well:- game is pretty linear which is bad for RPG. There are a few places where you can use your charisma skill and pass through without fighting, but that isn't enough.- No point in replaying the game.- It isn't really a minus for me, but the characters aren't voiced. So you have to read everything: dialogues, thoughts of your character. Some prefer to listen to all of that, so it is sort of a minus.All in all, I don't regret playing it. 8 out of 10!"
,Recommended,234650,10808663,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,"basically this is a game that allows you to pretend like you're playing a game based off of either snow crash or neuromancer, but instead of being a cool protagonist you're just blubbering like a baby and shooting everyone you meet"
,Recommended,234650,7667810,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,ogtrunx,"If you find X-com too unforgiving but enjoy a lot of Role Playing elements then this strategy game is up your alley , the mod community also has a slew of great extra missions, portraits and weapons for you to try."
,Recommended,234650,28770007,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Just1n3 Hunt3r,"TL:DRShadowrun Returns is the name of a classic-style RPG, but it's really just a venue for telling stories in its long-dormant fantasy universe. What you're really getting when you buy it is a short but well-written tale of murder and conspiracy called The Dead Man's Switch, access to community-created content  and just enough of an isometric roleplaying game and turn-based tactical combat to get by.Pros:Great settingWell-told storyCons:Few real choicesDisposable mercs"
,Recommended,234650,28018339,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lord Rotclaw,"Fun game and interesting story, however most steam workshop stuff doesn't work."
76561198004172867,Recommended,234650,28121749,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[PHP] hunt3r,Simple Turnbased RPG. Short story. But I got it as a bundle sale so very much worth it.
,Recommended,234650,28649928,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Daredevilpt,Great story and setting - the mixture of tech and magic makes it very fun. The turn-based combat works well and the gameplay is enjoyable. Definitely will be playing the other ones.
76561198006398823,Recommended,234650,10951190,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xeno_411,"Story good enough to be an actual tabletop campaign.  Customization depth is not quite as full as it could be, but overall game is worth the time."
,Recommended,234650,10852869,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gribeau,"Shadowrun returns!  But is it any good?In a word... yes.It's not the slickest RPG ever. There's no FMV, it's not a twitch-fest. But it's fun, it flows well.There's also a ton of fan-made missions available.Best of all, it's really cheap in the summer sale. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,234650,10921078,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,luunta,"One of the best games I've played in the last ten years. Great story, great interface, and good character development. Well worth paying full price."
76561197981703651,Recommended,234650,10912772,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LeFrench,"the good: excellent graphics and sets the shadowrun world ambiance well enough. Am biased tho, as I had played the rpg a handful of times, and enjoyed the setting. plus the rpg system was good. wish the game used those rules a bit more.the bad: gameplay wise: skills are boring, and redundant. eg. pistol, submachinegun and arguably shotgun are all inferior weapons to the assault rifle....so no reason to put points in anything but assault rifle. even the special abilities you unlock for the various skill paths are all so ineffective or simply, meh. Magic builds end up doing simply reskinned things that gun builds do. i.e. magic is nothing unique (apart from one or two utility spells). Same goes for drone rigging or even decking into the matrix. its all exactly the same as if you just created a gun build.the devs need to redo the skills trees and don't make shooting the same as spells the same as decking the same a rigging. its all too much the exact same experience.the deadman's switch story: its a decent story. i enjoyed it, the dialogue (even though it did not matter what you selected) and the npcs.conclusion: recommend to buy when on sale"
76561198120554434,Recommended,234650,28030482,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hvplaten,"Well, I am not in the cyberpunk genre. But I thought, ""give it a try"". Wow, man was I in for a surprise. It is such a dense story, so many well written characters and so different ways of solving the story. I just had to play all races and earn all the achievements too. So I do highly recommend this."
,Recommended,234650,19427714,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fenchurch,"Great tactical combat and sci-fi/steam punk setting do this game a massive favour! For me the story seemed to wane a little right at the end after such a solid start but the combat, characters and well designed world more than made up for this !"
,Recommended,234650,26871714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☠️ armpit ☠,"Shadowrun Returns is a great remake of an old classic. The game is slightly let down by its lacklustre story and linear progression, but if you can look past those you will find a rather enjoyable game."
,Recommended,234650,8391954,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zaratoth,"Challenging turn based battles with a very good storyline. Perfectly written dialogues in a linear but interesting shadowrun storyline. It has faults, like the fact that there are not side quests (well, only a couple) but the modding community is so cool that there are a lot of new adventures to get into after you finish the game. And the price is more than fair."
76561198009316076,Recommended,234650,16180299,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Matlock,"Shadowrun Returns is an excellent, engrossing, and enjoyable tactical RPG. It does come highly recommended; sort of.When the game originally released, it came with the default campaign known as ""Dead Man's Switch"". It's enjoyable, with some memorable characters, but there were complaints about it being too linear with too much focus on straight gunplay. Now obviously, that is still available. There's also tons of mods for custom campaigns.There was a DLC for this game, called ""Dragonfall"", which was superior to the base game in almost every way. Now in order to get that, you need to purchase ""Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut"". Buying this title here will not grant you access to Dragonfall anymore, sadly.I personally recommend both titles, but at this point it would be best to wait for this title to go on sale, and pick up the seperate Dragonfall game ASAP."
,Recommended,234650,32890901,Posted: 27 June,all,NoxiousPluK,"Finished the campain in 12.4 hours.. And it's rare for me to actually finish a game!Great storytelling, much fun - feels like a tabletop RPG at a lot of moments.I got it on sale but given the workshop content (there is more for the newer versions) its much worth its price!"
,Recommended,234650,29403349,Posted: 21 January,all,heybabyxxx,"I love tactical combat games, specially if they are turn-based, so this one (the first I played in the Shadowrun series _ I also got Dragonfall and Boston Lockdown on my library) seemed to be right up my alley. Unfortunately, it's subpar in terms of combat and graphics, and the lack of voice acting and controller support (this is always an unforgivable flaw) doesn't help either.So I was leaning on a non-recommendation for this one, but the character and party customization and, above all, the story redeem it. It's not very long (finished it in 21 hours), but this suits the story, which is not an epic, but more of a noir in a cyberpunk setting. Feels like an intro for a larger story, so I suggest buying it on sale.Hope the next installments are better (reviews for Dragonfall are largely favorable), because there's potential for great games, specially if the devs look up to the combat in the XCOM series, while keeping the focus on narrative instead of resource management."
76561198059782382,Recommended,234650,10782666,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Samantha,Very engaging; put it on to try out for five minutes and got sucked in for hours.
,Recommended,234650,10246482,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shamu450,"Great turn based action, pretty good story! Get ready for lots of reading tho, no voice acting in this one folks. I choose to play on very hard to increase the difficulty and I had a great time."
,Recommended,234650,26096703,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pennycook,"I bought this when it was on sale for $2.99, and woulddefinitelyrecommend it at that price.I knew very little about the Shadowrun setting going into this game, and seeing fantasy and sci-fi blended together so seamlessly is one of the main reasons that I enjoyed it.The biggest complaint that I have (and the reason I wouldn't recommend paying $14.99) is that the main campaign feels a little like several smaller games stitched together -- several mechanics (such as ""decking"") are not available in all levels, characters float in and out of your party, and the the story takes a very weird turn about halfway through."
76561198035808481,Recommended,234650,26175019,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,krozzus,"Shadowrun returns is the first step in a series that just keeps on getting better and it is already pretty good.The unique setting paves the way for a plot that isnt chewed out and interesting to follow. It all feels very cyberpunky and having played the actual pen and paper I am fully satisfied with the translation of systems to a videogame. The characters in game are all unique but dont get explored a whole lot. Unlike later parts you dont really have a crew of people to run with that you get to know better throughout time, just some reccuring allies.Gameplaywise you spend the largest part of the game with turn based combat akin to the XCOM series. Another thing they have in common is a hyperunrealistic amount of 90% hit chance misses. If I hadnt done it all on normal difficulty that would have probably led to quite a few frustrated reloads. You have a very decently large amount of fighting styles to choose from, unlike in later parts you cant put a low priority on fighting and talk your way through things though.The soundtrack is the best in the series so far, though probably not worth buying a 10 dollar DLC for. Give it a listen on its own on youtube or something though, it is pretty cool.The graphics are far from top notch but you never zoom in closer than birds eye view so they still get the job done.All in all if you like the pen and paper or like cyberpunk with fantasy or simply a turn based combat game with decent story I would reccomend it even at full price. Dont expect to get more than 16 hours at the most out of it without modding though."
76561197999571966,Recommended,234650,23748380,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"My first experience with Shadowrun was the old genesis title. After that some friends got into shadowrun and G.U.R.P.S... along with alot of other table top games. Played a bit, had some fun... was fun while it lasted.Then I kept seeing news about 'new games in the shadowrun universe!' popping up, but never saw anything concrete. Then this game came along and I scoffed.Turn based rpg's... so oldschool. Nevermind the fact that we all loved those games... I assumed it wouldn't be any fun. It has the same general style of oldschool games (If you never played oldschool tactical RPGs... think somewhat like XCom).The different weapon styles allow for some interesting fighting, although honestly the later games are much better at this. Magic isn't overpowered or underpowered... and can be quite interesting in some situations. I had alot of fun playing a decker (hacking isn't half bad, but is much better in the followup games), and the story is interesting as well. Lets you feel just how hopeless life is in this universe.Buy it if you want a good read, and love noir films or style of story."
,Recommended,234650,23746046,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ChromeAngel,"Solid turn-based cyberpunk RPG.  Street punks and high society, massive corperations and crazy cults (also Orcs and Elves) it's all here.  Enough deapth here that I played through the campeign twice and bought an expansion (I will get around to playing one-day)."
,Recommended,234650,26512045,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bobby Fischer,"A basic introspective to the Cyberpunk universe.  Gameplay is similar to X-Com.  Adopts many elements from William Gibson's ""Neuromancer"".  This novel was what established the cyberpunk genre in the first place.  Armitage is a name adopted straight from the book.  Enjoyable game if you enjoy reading alot.  Really quick playthrough if your skip dialogue."
,Recommended,234650,10361748,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SouLKilLeR ❖ACE❖,Kısa zamanda steamde en fazla oynadığım oyunların arasına girmiş. Ana hikaye kısa sürüyor olabilir ama steam workshop'ta sürekli yeni hikayeler çıkıyor. 1 oyun parası verip 100 oyun almış gibi oluyorsunuz. Kesin alın.
76561198048583630,Recommended,234650,18537854,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Foxfire_kadrpg,"The game is solid, easy to learn, turn-based tactical combat. Art (you can see), music is very well composed and abient, and the motif captures Shadowrun nicely for anyone who grew up on Cyberpunk in the 80's and 90's.The writing though makes me want to grab your lapels and shout ""BUY THIS GAME"". I don't read with much enthusiasm, but EVERY BIT OF DIALOGUE was well written and the characters really come alive. I found myself going through every bit of dialogue with everyone I could find JUST TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THEM. In the end, I cared for every NPC I didn't find antagonistic and have purchased the next two games without playing them yet, just from the trust Harebrained Schemes gave me with this title."
,Recommended,234650,10701115,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,9.81,"Although the game engine and the dynamics leave a lot to be desired the atmosphere and storytelling makes this an instant classic. I couldn't stop building new characters, trying new classes, new ways to beat the game. The level editor and the huge amount of UGC guarantees that you can't get tired of the game or if you ever do you can make your own story. It's a must have for everyone who is familiar with the Shadowrun universe and everyone who likes well thought, atmospheric turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,234650,9463603,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LlorenR,"Not exactly what I was hoping for, but I liked it nontheless. Fans of XCOM will enjoy the combat more than I did. I like the art style and characters, lack of customization of the main character was disappointing however. Glad to see Jake again.8/10 IMO"
,Recommended,234650,10921642,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mayara,"Great Fun, First Campaign that comes with Shadowrun (Deadman's Switch) Is Engaging and Interesting to follow. You can build the character you want to run the shadows and have fun~"
76561198076350197,Recommended,234650,12208192,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sharpened Ferret,A really enjoyable game with an interesting combat system and good (though very linear) levels in an interesting sci-fi inner city setting.Relatively short.
,Recommended,234650,9970181,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Caine,Amazing atmosphere and storyline. Perfect for the cRPG fan.
76561198116741926,Recommended,234650,10575719,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,c_e_e_b_e_r_s,A well made adaption of the pen and paper ruleset.
,Recommended,234650,10004325,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Vraizyn//Blight,Good story. Nice and Dark. Faithful to the tabletop RPG. Rather short. Definitely recommended.
76561198010696965,Recommended,234650,12465091,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,UnusualStranger,"This game is good stuff. Why? Well, it isn't for everyone obviously, but the game is filled with enough variety and content (as well as has great people always making more stuff for it.) that it feels very very good.Also, depending on your class also means you get to choose how you want to approach things. Are you there to just kick down doors and give everyone a healthy bullet diet? You can! Want to have a lot of bots, enemy turrets, and other such things do that for you? You can!Also, delving deeper into things can lead you to decisions that you might have initially considered. Devil is in the details and all that. Overall, I would recommend this game, and its extra DLC stuff, cause it is done that well.Have fun, and happy running."
76561197985072747,Recommended,234650,1040193,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"A good story in this top down RPG, which reminds me of fallout tactics in the combat scenes. A lot of customisation for your characters and workshop support for those who want it."
,Not Recommended,234650,18331326,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Egon,"Dull, expository, surprisingly linear. Very little control over the proceedings. I would rather play the Genesis game again."
,Recommended,234650,12738381,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,mysterycycle,"""Shadowrun Returns"" does for the rich Shadowrun universe what ""Baldur's Gate"" did for the Forgotten Realms. Playing through this game was like playing through some of the classic SR adventures, with mysteries to solve, clues to follow, and all manner of unusual individuals to interact with. And firefights, of course. The noir atmosphere is great, and it's quite obvious from gameplay that the creators of the game were fans of the tabletop RPG: there are numerous references to characters and organizations from the gamebooks, some more relevant to the story than others. The music is great, the character creation was satisfyingly customizable: I was able to make a reasonable facsimile of my female Dwarf Decker from the tabletop game with the options present. And the fact that I've been able to play as a Decker and get through the first adventure on Normal difficulty is a testament to the fact that you can play any character type you like and do well. If you're a fan of the original tabletop RPG, I highly recommend ""Shadowrun Returns."""
,Recommended,234650,7875665,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,corrosivefrost,"Ahh, the memories... I felt like I was back in the 90s playing the SNES Shadowrun game.Runs great, looks nice, from what I've played it's absolutely fantastic.I only wish they'd put Steam Achievements in the game."
76561198056462830,Recommended,234650,9303293,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ritch,"In an Era where RPG's are filled with shallow mechanics, retardation in character urgency and plots that are as simple as offering  Oprah a piece of your sammich emerges Shadowrun Returns Dragonfall. For those who have been living under a rock I would like to ask 1)How much is the rent over there and 2)How have you not heard of shadowrun returns Dragonfall. Dragonfall is the expansion of the cyberpunk rpg that came out last year. I enjoyed the OC so much that it is probably my third favorite game of all time. The Dragonfall expansion has an ambition to expand on the wonderful world of shadowrun returns. I could write a long review but each time I look at vine videos I am reminded that society's current attention span is...hey a puppy. Basically I will write down some cliff notesWhat Does Shadowrun Returns Dragonfall Improve on?-Level Design-Choices and consenquences-Combat difficulty-Character Interaction-Character Development-Skillchecks-More Mage Class Urgency-More EquipmentWhat Does Harebrained schemes need to work on?-Response time of their game. My menu screen takes a while to respond to a click.-Adept class still needs improvement as it feels a bit lackluster.-Work on those Boss Fights.Final Verdict is Shadowrun Returns Dragonfall 9/10 would ban....sorry about that. 9/10 would play again which I will be doing today with a decker."
,Not Recommended,234650,20164840,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"As a point and click isometric / RPG tactics game veteran, I must say this game is fairly lame.TL;DR... It's Fallout / Fallout II light for the casuals... it's linear, it's mind numbingly boring and just not fun.For those of you that want a more in depth look as to why this is a polished turd, read on...It takes a whole lot of reading and engrossing yourself in this universe to really enjoy it. The entire game is played with a single button... yes, the left mouse button... so talk about a snooze fest. I found myself  controlling the camera movement with the W, A, S ,D, keys just to  break the monotony of only using the mouse to play.The game proceeds like this: You go through a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of dialog, learn some things, more plot holes are formed and you proceed clicking around walking (ever so slowly) around some linear rundown areas of a city. You talk to some more NPC's and choose some more inconsequential dialog options... Then you proceed to get in to a ""tactical"" fight... there's usually only one of these per chapter.I was interested in the game because it looked like a fun tactical RPG game and had stat / profession / skill selections like the original Fallout games but that's about where the similarities die... The dialog to combat ratio is just abysmal. Fallout found that perfect balance of never giving you too much unnecessary dialog / information... It was always just the right amount and then it was off to go shoot some people, even still, Fallout has much richer dialog, you almost crave more of it sometimes. Shadow Run is just the polar opposite... 90% of every chapter is all dialog with a single battle / boss encounter that lasts about 5 minutes, tops.The cyberpunk thing doesn't really do it for me either, a lot of the classes are rather convoluted and redundant... Highly unnecessary and only viable for small portions of the game to perhapes skip a few needless fights that end about as quickly as they start. The best all around class is the Street Samurai... so like you're a street thug with honor... kay... talk about a contradiction. :/I was never in to the Shadow Run lore so that might be why I'm not enjoying this as much, it all seems very familiar and boring. It's just another rip off of the Fantasy / Sci-Fi genre with a Cyberpunk coat of paint over the top... So you have your Trolls, Orcs, Humans, Dwarfs and Elves but they're all dressed in late 90's, pleather ridden esque garbs talking about jacking in to matrix's and carrying uzi's. *puke*If you find it on sale, go for it I guess... but be warned, it's incredibly drab over all... not very stimulating. As a word of advice, don't try to specalize in more than a couple traits because being a jack of all trades / well rounded toon is going to get you killed in the late game."
,Recommended,234650,9303494,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Aleks,"Until recently, I was somewhat reluctant to recommend this game. I enjoyed Dead Man's Switch, but, like many people, found it to be more of an interactive novel (with tactical interludes) than a role playing game. Playing around with the editor has been a blast, but I know that this isn't for everyone, and neither is playing through User Generated Content (though there's some excellent stuff out there).After the launch of Dragonfall, however, I can post the positive review with confidence. Aside from implementing the much needed save-anywhere system, Dragonfall is a much more engaging campaign on so many levels. It's what Dead Man's Switch should have been, but wasn't. While the main hub is relatively small, you really do feel like the leader of a team of Shadowrunners, and are able to take on a variety of jobs, and complete them in the order that you wish. The jobs themselves, more importantly, feel a great deal more open, with tough choices and multiple objectives, including optional points of interest. The literally two side quests you got in DMS felt like afterthoughts (""oh crap, we forgot to put side quests in and the game launches in a week!""). Here, everything feels lovingly attended to. This is, perhaps, a major advantage of text based story telling. If you're inclined to pick up the relatively robust editor that comes along with the base game, you'll not that your storytelling capacity is only limited by your writing ability and your imagination (the scripting and map building aren't that hard to learn). If you've got the desire and the ability to write, you can craft beautiful and interesting adventures, whether side quest or main, to your heart's content. And that's what HBS has done this time around.In fact, the one thing that hasn't changed is the excellent writing. This isn't high end literature, but it's engaging and interesting all around. It draws you into the world and, in some cases, really captivates you. The charachters, especially your crew members, the fixer, and the occupants of your little slice of berlin, are memorable and interesting to a person.It's unfortunate that this had to be released as DLC. The base campaign had the writing down, but it didn't have the wow factor or the, well, interactivity. If only it had...The setting and the charachters of Dead Man's Switch could have really shone with a similar treatment.Still, better late than never."
,Not Recommended,234650,34964018,Posted: 14 September,all,Vowels [OTG],"Overall, I like this game.  It seems to simulate the Shadowrun universe fairly well and provides a pretty good cyberpunk/urban fantasy experience.  The story is interesting and has a few twists that I did not expect.  Unlike the multiplayer Shadowrun Chronicles game, this game offers a fully fledged Matrix run experience in a couple spots.The one real issue I have with the game is that, for me, it hangs up during a critical battle near the end of the story.  The bug does not appear to affect everyone, and there is some kind of workaround--which did not work for me.  While looking for troubleshooting info, I noticed people have posted about this thing ever since the game was published, and to this date, that bug has never been entirely eradicated.  I don't know if the devs gave up on it, or they just reached a point at which most people didn't have it, or what.So, assuming you don't get the hang-up, the game is pretty awesome and there is a fair amount of workshop modding done for it, including lots of story content.  You could have hours and hours of entertainment doing the mod campaigns, even if you have the bug.But...that bug is a real show-stopper, and is part of the published game, so, unfortunately, I'm not recommending this game."
,Recommended,234650,10917264,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Resvrgam,"This reminds me of a time when good writing was still a priority in roleplaying games.FASA's Shadowrun pen & paper games were among my all-time favourites back in the 1990s and this game captures the atmosphere and well-fleshed out characters of ""The Sixth World"" perfectly.The adventure is short but the toolset and mod community should provide more than enough justification for the asking price (especially during a Steam sale).If you're a fan of tactics-style RPGs or the cyber-punk genre, you really can't go wrong with this indie-gem."
,Recommended,234650,10653927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,evolte,"A neat little plotline that allows players to work on whichever skills they want to in order to make the story run their way. Tactics, magical skills, and gunpower knowledge all weight the outcome, with players' choices coming back to haunt or help them later on in the game. The best thing was that I didn't have to know anything previously about Shadowrun in order to play and be engaged with the system. Good!"
,Recommended,234650,8218082,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,D4ddy-LiLd4rk,"This game is really cool. If you know the Pen&paper version you will miss some things, but they did a really good job developing this game! The dialogues are excellent and they added some nice stage directions to create a better atmosphere. The battlesystem is roundbased as you know it.I do hope there are and will be more campaigns and maybe someday a multiplayer!"
,Recommended,234650,10001296,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Tekken God Prime,"Shadowrun is a game that has long been waiting for an RPG like this.While you buy this as a whole game, you get so much more.You get the interesting campaign which is around 12 hours long and will keep you engaged. Beyond that, you get the tools to create your own campaign and play other people's. Many games have this, so why does this game having it warrant anything?Well, as with any RPG based on a pen-and-paper game, there's a plethora of campaigns just waiting to be inserted into this game and a lot are already there. Not only do you get an excellent game in and of itself, you get all of the currently-released and upcoming campaigns that will inevitably come."
,Recommended,234650,11138978,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,REAL MAD JOE JACKSON,dis gudreel gud
,Recommended,234650,19323062,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hat Based Infantry,"TL;DR, This is a good game with great writing, easy-to-understand mechanics that will still offer a challenge to those who want it, and while the main story that comes with the game is short, it has some decent replayability value with the character customization and is helped by the fact that there're plenty of community-made campaigns to try out. Oh yeah, this thing will also run well on most potatoes. If you like Baulder's Gate, the first two Fallouts, or like RPG or strategy games at all, try it out.I knew nothing about Shadowrun before playing this game other than it was a cyberpunk universe of some sort, and this game got me interested in the universe pretty quickly. It pulls classic fantasy stuff, like magicy fireballs, standard fantasy races, and even dragons and puts them into a cyberpunk setting in the near-future. While that sounds like a bit of a cluster♥♥♥♥, it actually works really well.The game leaves you with a pretty open opportunity to make any sort of character that'll fit into the setting that you want. The only thing that is established is that you are/were a Shadowrunner (which are off-the-grid mercenaries, basically.) and you had like one guy you usd to run with that's at all relevent to the rest of the story. It makes me think of Fallout: New Vegas, and that's a good thing to be reminded of.When the first fight happens there's a page where you can read through all the rules of combat, and while that may seems overwhelming at first, you can honestly just read about Action Points, where everything is in the UI, and cover. Cover is important. From there, anyone who has decent cognitive function and has played a videogame before can figure it out as they go, because the game isn't going to punish you early for not quite knowing what you're doing yet.The greatest thing about the game is the story and writing. It's a well put together mystery that starts out seeming pretty simple, but get deeper and deeper as you go further into the rabbit hole. As for the writing, I continually noticed how good it was throughout the whole thing. Each loading screen, while they can take a long time at certain parts, has a well-written set of paragraphs to set the mood of the place you're about to go to. Each character is believable, many are likeable (my personal favorite is Mr. Kluwe), and all are well-written.The game is linear as opposed to open-world, but it works. It's structured like a tabletop RPG campaign, because that's what Shadowrun is/was. While I figured that out a ways in, it didn't feel restrictive like some linear stories are. That could just be a personal thing, but hey, this is about my experience with the game.One of the biggest problems with the game is that the main campaign is short, especially for a cRPG, which are usually quite long and expansive games. Shadowrun: Returns is meant to be, at least as far as I can tell, to be an engine from which to run your own campaigns, like how DMs in tabletops like D&D do, because, again,  that's what Shadowrun is/was. However, I have personnally yet to find a campaign from the workshop that I really like. After playing through Dead Man's Switch (the main campaign that comes with the game) all the community produced campaigns feels sub-par or mediocre. I suppose that should be expected when comparing something made by a professional development team to something made by one guy and is for free. Still, it does impact the staying power of the game.I got this on sale for 5 bucks a while back. As of this writing, it's like 80% off, at 3 dollars or something. It is definately worth that price. Overall, this is one of the most satisfying video game purchases I've made in a while. If you want an arbitrary number out of number rating, I'll give it a solid 8/10."
76561198017681447,Recommended,234650,20669769,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"This review may be biased purely because I have played the pen and paper version many years ago as a youngster, and playing this seemed to vividly bring to life all those adventures I ran and played all those years ago. These guys (developers) did an amazing job capturing the spirit of Shadowrun, and I can't give it any more praise than this review. The moding community is also brill with enough one off adventures and campaigns to keep anyone playing this for even longer than the main adventure, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,234650,21000862,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Augustus,"I haven't played any other Shadowrun games before this one, so i can't say if it Returns in a fashinable way or not.For me it was quite fun but a short one nontheless.Pros:-Good Story Quest-Interesting Turn Based Combat-Nice hacking interface(combat style)-Street SamuraiCons:-Some animation/sound combination may look outdated for 2013-ShortCons are not really cons but more like whining but whatever. If you find it on sale or something and fancy games like XCOM, Baldur's Gate etc, definetly give it a go."
76561198138455900,Recommended,234650,17774794,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Lrrrrrrr,"This game truly captures the essence of what is one of my favorite pen and paper rpgs. The mechanics are true to the source material as is the digitally rendered world in which they take place. The game is both well written and amazingly executed giving the player a sense of connection to both the story itself and the characters you meet along the way. It is a true must for any fan of the Shadowrun pen and paper game, as well as a great addition to any fan of the cyber punk style genre."
,Recommended,234650,10597358,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ZeroMatter,"Fun game, get that tactical kick with a cyper punk feel."
76561198073978975,Recommended,234650,10319339,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,shut up youre not my real dad,play this game fggts
76561198023159168,Recommended,234650,10866121,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Baltasar,"Scale from Garbage to Meh to Excellent, this one is a meh. Tacitcal/Fantasy ---- If that sounds okay to you, S.R. is worth checking out.Some notes: Activate cheats, the game becomes much more enjoyable when you can activate every single ""green"" dialogue option. Because of the tactical nature, this game lends itself to 5-10 minute sessions. Skip the dialogue.In short, this game is a palate cleanser---something to play in between amazing titles."
,Recommended,234650,10999007,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,[DS] godcheese,"Holy crap, even though the main campaign is a breadcrumb trail of checkpoints, it is still very awesome. Very reminiscent of a table top shadowrun game. I enjoyed every bit of this game, I held off for a long time to let some user generated content be made, and wooooow do creators go hard for this thing.I got it on steam sale, and if you're skeptical, just wait for a steam sale and I gurantee you get enough gameplay for your money. Plus if you're a modder/creator there is a full tileset/toolkit to make custom games and adventures. 10/10."
,Recommended,234650,12209535,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ŋozze,Awseome dialog heavy old school action RPG
,Recommended,234650,3244151,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Gwarf,Does a great job of Capturing the spirit of pen-and-paper Shadowrun (and would stand as a very fun game regardless)!
76561198021097111,Recommended,234650,8214209,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Natholi,"Fantastic indie RPG, great fun and sweet cyberpunk feel"
,Recommended,234650,10019228,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,BallisticParadox,"Really fun turn based rpg game.  Not your typical rpg, but it's still extremely fun."
,Recommended,234650,10021641,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,bagels,"I think it's great. The dialogue is well written, reminds me of William Gibson novels. The graphics are great. I've never played with this type of combat system before, but I like it."
76561197994661913,Recommended,234650,10507965,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Emre Arın,Anyone interested in RPGs or adventures definitely should try this game. 5 stars from me.
,Recommended,234650,10032673,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Pietoro,"Turn-based cyberpunk fun.Fantastic writing, great art (the player and NPC portraits are full of character and style), and flexible character development (mix magic and hacking, summoning and swordplay, or any other interesting combination of skills that seems cool to you). Do yourself a favor and play it on Hard or Very Hard to get the most enjoyment out of the strategic combat system. The main drawback is the linearity of the base campaign (Dead Man's Switch), but the story is enteraining enough that it's a minor complaint, imo.Environments are interactive in various ways depending on your skills -- for example, leylines and sources of elemental spirits can be tapped by casters, and various terrain can be used as cover during combat to raise defenses.The DLC campaign, Dragonfall, greatly builds on every enjoyable aspect of the base game as well as broadening the scope of the world. More sidequests, more interesting characters, more player choices, and more gritty Shadowrun atmosphere and story (along with several different endings).There is also an extensive library of player-designed campaigns, made via the built-in content creator tools, after you finish the two official ones. Or you can try your hand making scenarios of your own. Totally worth the price, though I'd highly recommend getting Dragonfall too, since the base game feels rather short and linear on it's own."
76561197989170808,Recommended,234650,10176256,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,MattWill9,Excellent execution of this sort of thing.
,Recommended,234650,10223832,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,dirk.dierickx,"It's a good game, albeit a bit short. The artwork is amazing and the music is even better, it's been a long time since a game theme song was stuck in my head. There are some negatives, the interface feels outdated and i've found quite some typos along the way. This last bit is a shame because the game relies heavily on the story, which is something i really like in games. Good, but short."
76561197982869377,Recommended,234650,11019248,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Schean,Excellent RPG that reminds me of the old days of Planescape Torment and Baldur's Gate while sporting upgraded graphics and an easy to use and unintrusive UI. Definitely recommended for any RPG lover.
,Recommended,234650,11190723,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bucket Rockjaw,"If you are looking for a Cyberpunk RPG then this is the game for you, shadowrun returns is a good pickup worth playing. This review is based on core game [no modes] and two playthourghs. For a tl;dr go to the overall score for a summary.The gameplay is the normal turn based stargery with your charater and three others [Unless you want to go alone], choosing a class in the charater creation gives you a basic setup and you can stick to it or mix and match so you could get a mage who is good at punching or a shaman who can hack. There are also some puzzles that can be tackled depending on if you are a certain class, for example I was able to open a door as a shaman by summoning a spirt to spook a person out of the room.The game is not open world but linear which is perfectly ok as it suits the story and theme well.Storywise the games starts out well and is well written. Not to spoil it goes along like this, you are tracking down the killer of a friend who you find out was a serial killer, following a trail you find it who it was and why  but then the plot goes a little iffy for my taste  goes from street merc to Saver of the world.Replailty wise you can play different class or try different ways of sloving a puzzle but everythings the same all dialogue queal to the same thing, nothing changes and the final choice is pretty much the same but different wording.Overall rating I give it 6/10. The game is short as people do say and while everything is the same no matter what  it is worth a buy on sale. While I have not played any of the mods  they would add more to the game."
76561198016435055,Recommended,234650,10295073,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Big Nick,"Hey, whats up. I wrote this  5 minutes ago:The developers asked me not to write this but, God damnit, I'm going to write it anyways, because it's the truth. I fracking love this game, it is the best game ever, Period! Ladies and Gentlemen, ""Shadowrun Returns""!!!"
,Recommended,234650,10414754,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Xerces Blue,"Based off the Pen and Paper RPG Shadowrun, this is without a doubt the closest to the pen and paper game you can get without getting papercuts, mountain dew and dice.On to the setting!the super short version: the Love child of Cyberpunk and High Fantasy.the short version: Magic returns after lying dormant for thousands of years turning people into the races from fantasy games/stories and reshaping the politcal and topographical map through war and disasters both natural and otherwise.Corporations are bigger and stronger (go figure) and they and anybody else with the scratch hire shadowrunners to cause and solve problems for them.Guessing you can figure out your role in the game.It's got a good campaign and once that's finished there are plenty more that other people have made and you can make your own.The Expansion's campaign is also very good."
,Recommended,234650,10597230,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Klozkoth,An intelligent RPG that manages to combine the best of the old-school systems with current graphics and design.
76561198082580838,Recommended,234650,10765342,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alva,"The combat is engaging and rewards good tactics and class understanding.  The Dead Man’s Switch storyline is a great start to this new universe, and the included editor opens the door to literally everyone to craft their own stories.  While there is no voice work in the game, the descriptive portions that tell the story match the capabilities of any well known GM of any RPG in the indiustry. I normally dont like 2d turn based games but all in all this game is 9/10."
,Recommended,234650,10902503,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,fireincairo,"I bought this during the summer sale and I must say it is worth every penny I spent.  I really enjoy the combat, the story is well written, and the mechanics are interesting.  The artwork is very well done too.  If you are at all intrigued by the pics or trailer, pick this up as it is well worth your money."
76561197999357031,Recommended,234650,8238005,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AkodoHarid,"Borrowing play mechanics from the latest Xcom (Two actions per turn and Cover) with style and atmosphere oozing out of every corner. This is the Shadowrun game I've been itching to play, short of a legit MMO experience. This is worth your time for the given campaign alone, but there are mod tools and campaigns to enjoy from the workshop."
,Recommended,234650,10019351,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ZanyScum,"""Shadowrun Returns"" tells a linear interesting story.You live in this world in the future, where orcs, trolls, magic or advanced tech are common.You are a shadow runner, a gun for hire.You have lots of possibilities what ""class"" your character is using.You may use guns, swords, magic or high tech or mix them all.How about conjuring demons and controlling flying combat drones?Or a mage with a sub machine gun who first makes enemies helpless before he attacks?What ever you chose, it is fun. Depending on your own class, you will have tochose your teammates so, that you can do you mission.The ""story"" levels are real time, you just move around and talk.When the fights start, it is turn based.""Turn based"" does not always go back to real time, when all enemies are dead.You can not exchange items between characters.There are bugs, some are gone after save/load. Some not. None are game breaking.For me, the game kept interesting and fun until the last level.That went on and on and on.It was just boring.Why not tell a story and let the story end.Why do all people think you either need an ""End Boss"" or something like that?You seldom get enough information about the missions.You can do every mission if you have a decker with you,but SOME information would have been nice.I did the last mission with 4 mages with healing, because I had no idea what I had to expect.I thought, would be a much better game with a open world. And generated quests.Then I found this in the workshop:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=168214166&searchtext=Let me quote: ""Shadowrun Unlimited is designed to be more than a simple campaign; it's the world of Shadowrun."".So, now I now what I have to try as one of my next ""games"". :)And you too?"
,Recommended,234650,10035122,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Zonr_0,"A wonderful RPG, even if the campaign in the base game does it's best to try to convince you otherwise. While many of the major technical and design flaws have been excised, the base campaign is still plagued by level and story design that feels like it's just stringing you along from one too-long fight to the next. It doesn't help that your words, skills, and actions also have very little effect on either the conversation or the campaign level. It's not bad per-say, but I didn't feel terribly invested in the story or characters.The DLC expansion ""Dragonfall"" however is excellent and is everything that the base campaign should have been. It's significantly better designed, with far stronger writing, level design, and campaign structure. In the first hour, I had a far better sense of who my character was, where I was in the world, and was invested in narrative. The world feels much more vibrant and dynamic (even though there's quite a bit of illusion of false choice as is typical of the genre) than the base game.I very highly reccomend that you purchase dragonfall along with the base game. In my opinion, the $30 price of entry for both is a better value than $15 for just the base game. The difference in quality between the two campaigns is stark, and it's very likely you'll bore yourself about a third of the way through the base game and never think to pick up the DLC if you don't buy both and you'd miss out on a great RPG.It's also worth noting that the game has workshop support and is very friendly for creating user-made content including adventures and campaigns ala the original Neverwinter Nights. While I have not tried any of these yet, the content available looks quite promising."
76561198010569021,Recommended,234650,10575900,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eshaiel,"Shadowrun Returns is pretty sweet. A clear reintroduction to the Shadowrun universe with a world-significant and sufficiently grand story. A comfortable, enjoyable strategy turn-based.Dragonfall, however, is the true glorious return. Developed and empathetic characters, a rich and suitably gritty story, genuinely difficult choices. I can't extoll the virtues of this game highly enough."
,Recommended,234650,10911762,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cowlander,"It strikes me as a more modern Fallout. The combat is intuitive and interesting, and there's lots of character customization options. The script is pretty solid too. If you liked Neuromancer or Blade Runner you'll enjoy this setting."
,Recommended,234650,10917557,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AlexT781,"I bought it yesterday and started playing it. I ended up spending 3 straight hours playing. It's really addictive! The only thing I have found really frustrating is the camera. There could have been better views, and having a fixed POV can make things really frustrating at times. Aside from that, this is an awesome game!"
,Recommended,234650,11095740,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ANIMU TIDDIES,"So after completing Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall, I can say with no small amount of enthusiasm that it was one of the best stories I've played through. Despite it's relatively short length (somewhere around 14-20 hours), the writing is superb and almost every character is fleshed out very well - even NPC's that aren't critical to the story. Coupled with the new save system, I can confidently say that it's a much better Shadowrun. The story may not be as deep, but the interactions with your team and neighborhood more than make up for it. Picked it up for $5 on the Steam Sale and it's easilly one of the best five dollars I've ever spent."
76561198025652992,Recommended,234650,11787243,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,BloodwingBX,Great game but a bit short
,Recommended,234650,12580659,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,☿,"Probably best described as ""Baldur's Gate meets Deus Ex with a dash of XCOM"", Shadowrun Returns is an amazing CRPG with a short (8-12h) but intriguing story that feels very much like a Noir flick going horribly wrong."
76561198034104659,Recommended,234650,8418381,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,legomacinnisinc,"I played through the entire game in about a week, put about 20 hours into it. I've been playing games for quite a while and I have gotten to that point where few games make me want to came back again and again and be excited to come home from work so I can play it. While Shadowrun Returns didn't quite capture the feeling that I used to get it came pretty close and was a nice reminder of how gaming is supposed to feel. The main story was fun, I am looking forward to popping in a workshop campaign in a few weeks. Mechanics feel good, however with the single button comand style (only left clicks) I found that I made few miss clicks when I should not have but there is an option to change that. I look forward to playing an other class later on and with that in mind I would say that this game does have very good replay value. Take it from a biased gamer who you know nothing about, but for my two cents worth it was worth my 15 bucks."
,Recommended,234650,10906353,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,YetItMoves,dont belive a dead man...
76561198024782712,Recommended,234650,10925731,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,十二月。December,"True old-school RPG, with huge, extraordinary world setting. If you used to be a fan of RPGs like Baldur's gate, Planescape Torment, but couldn't find love and soul in RPGs from recent years, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,234650,21023560,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sam,"I bought this game having played Dragonfall (stand-alone) and was very disappointed. I expected going 'backward' from Dragonfall would miss out on some UI improvements and such but I was shocked at how short, basic and uninteresting Shadowrun Returns storyline was. The story was poor to say the least; I won't spoil it but I genuinely thought I was in the prologue or something until the 'final boss'... I completed this game in 11 hours, despite seeking all little side quests (it feels like there were none) and talking to everyone possible (much less than Dragonfall).I do not recommend buying this game today but STRONGLY recommend Shadowrun: Dragonfall, which despite being a ""small standalone story"" is infinitely better, more interesting and took me over twice as long to complete. At only £2.20 in a sale it's arguably alright but still, knowing what I do now I'd have skipped the game completely."
,Recommended,234650,11099396,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,just name drop me at the pub aye,"It's somewhat fun and a decent nostalgic revisitation of the orignal, but on the whole it's conceptually watered-down and the combat system is pretty damn tiresome. The Dragonfall DLC/Expansion solves a few gameplay/combat mechanics."
,Recommended,234650,7603787,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,skyst,"SHADOWRUN RETURNS MAN I DON'T KNOW WHERE IT'S BEEN THAT IT'S GOTTA RETURN FOR ALL I KNOW ITS PENCIL AND PAPER BOOKS ARE ON LIKE 6TH EDITION SO SOMEONE HAS GOTTA BE BUYING THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥  DON'T CALL IT A COME BACK NEVERRRR REALLY LEFT!  I GUESS THERE WAS THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHADOWRUN ON XBEEZE TREE SITTY BUT NOT ONE PLAYED THAT STINKER.  ANYWAY ENOUGH ABOUT ALL THAT THIS HERE IS SHADOW RUN RETURNS, HENCEFORTH KNOWN AS SRR."
,Recommended,234650,10140779,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,æterna,"Definitely a good game. Its story is not a unique one, but still it makes you keep going. I think the story's main funciton is to teach you the game and give you information about the amazing and dark world of Shadowrun Universe. And it is a lineer one, but still there are enjoyable and strange characters. And the naration part of the story feels like you are playing a tabletop rpg. All dialogs contain also the description of the characters. Everyone who likes to play isometric rpg should try this one. And it is cheaper now."
76561197960344344,Recommended,234650,24039685,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,coltos,Simply an absolute must have!
,Recommended,234650,1215113,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,"Shadowrun Returns is a modern take on an old genre we haven't seen much of recently. You might be familiar with the world of Shadowrun. I wasn't before playing this. It's one of the coolest and most well realised fictions I've seen in a while. The writing here is impeccable and will likely make you wish there were more games set in this universe. There's no voice acting, so get ready to read, but I found the world so engaging it wasn't an issue.The combat has taken some ideas from old-school games and some from modern ones like XCOM. It works very well and has deep character trees and customisation options. With the exception of a massive difficulty ramp on the last mission, the combat is quite intriguing.The real strength of this game will likely be in whatever the modding community decides to do with it. The whole thing is just a module launcher similar to Neverwinter Nights. You could tell endless stories within this frame."
,Recommended,234650,7800141,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,The Magic Lemur,"This game captures the spirit of Shadowrun perfectly. The starting campaign, 'Dead Man's Switch', is a -little- cliche, but it's well-written, well-executed cliche that has good characters and a few fun little twists. There's a vast amount of user-generated combat, and an editor included to make your own. Excellent game; I wish I'd backed the kickstarter."
,Recommended,234650,10935729,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Negevs The Bear,"Its a fun top down RPG in the line of stuff like Planescape: Torment, or NWN 1, although not quite as epic as Planescape, and not quite as polished as some big budget RPGs. The game is fun though, and the story gets pretty engaging, so for its price, I wouldn't pass it up. The shadowrun universe is straight from the tabletop, for better or for worse, it alternates between cheesy and wtf-awesome without much warning, which can be half the fun. If you like Cyberpunk or top down RPGs, its definately worth the summer sale prices."
76561197990997864,Recommended,234650,18145128,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,aetherdadta,"Enjoyable, but much better turn based games out there. Strong points are the story and the idea/universe, as well as the music and setting. As for Cons, the game is fairly shallow and linear as can be, it almost plays it self for you while you kind of click along without much thought. I kept playing for the story itself. Potential for a very strong game with these ideas are buried here with a future release. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,234650,8243279,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FCC,"Just to be clear, this is not the second coming of Baldur's Gate.  I'd love to go off on a rant regarding the relative merits of both games, but I suppose only that one fact needed to be addressed.  Avoiding spoilers, I can at least say that all missed opportunities in Shadowrun Returns made me better appreciate what the old classic of tabletop-to-computer gaming did right.With that said, I still recommend Shadowrun Returns as a well crafted experience as long as expectations are kept realistic. Made by a relatively small team with (relatively) limited resources, the potential that shines through this game makes me excited for upcoming projects, despite some sloppy execution and limited story.  The fact that they provided all the editor tools and the campaign level design files is also really neat, and there is a strong user community around custom content creation."
,Not Recommended,234650,2236195,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Whatever_man,"Visual novel minus hot anime chicks but with turn-based combat. Play Rance instead, it's superior in every way. Yup."
76561198058751735,Recommended,234650,11406473,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Blackdeath3,"Shadowrun Returns is a great game.Think Lord of the Rings meets the Matrix for the setting : orks, elves, trolls, dwarves and regular humans dwell in the shadow of mega-corps, facing the many perils of a cyber-punk low-life. They fight, charm or oustsmart their way around the many dangers of this world with guns, cybertech and magic. The general setting is vibrant and offers a great potential for many stories.The official first campaign is good, but the excellency comes from the User Generated Contents, some of which are better than the original game. Shadowrun's online community offers a lot of different storylines that make this game virtually immortal : play as an elf shaman, a troll bruiser, a dwarven mage, an ork street samurai or a human cyber pirate (or any combination of them, or a character of your own design), assemble your team of runners and advance through the myriad of high-quality mods. Each character has its advantages and drawbacks, so a balanced team is often the best option, though sometimes brute force, magic or technological capacity can make the difference.On the gameplay, it is rather intuitive : 50% RPG, 50% turn-by-turn tactical fighting (à la X-Com) with varyinng proportions depending on the mod.Some ""classes"" are better suited to some roles than others but the progression system allows you to create your own build : do you want your shaman to have proficiency in firearms ?  Do you prefer him to be a pure spellcaster and go mage/shaman ? Do you want him to be extra-tough ? Do prefer to concentrate on invocations and shamanic support spells ? Do you want to sacrifice some of your spellcasting capabilities in favour of cyberware ? All builds are possible and all of them work, with various advantages and drawbacks !The different races help for the feel of the game but have ultimately little impact gameplay-wise apart at the very begining or at the very end of a campaign. Choosing to be a tough troll or a gracefull elf will give you some minor changes in starting stats and a different ultimate potential, but for most of the game the different races don't really matter.Overall, this great game is made awesome thanks to the online community (most of which is here on Steam)."
,Recommended,234650,7603177,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Shantak,This is one of the best turn based story driven games I have played in a very long time.
76561198039929207,Recommended,234650,9200584,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,whathappenus,"Score: 7/10. I really enjoyed XCOM EU and XCOM EW, so thats why I found this game. IMHO this game is OK but didn't came close to those two.Plus points:+ Good story. The story grows. Nice twists.+ A variety of RPG classes,+ Turn-based squad combat+ linear (I like been told where to go next)Negative points:- Dialog and story is in text (no voice). I almost stopped playing after 20 minutes because of this. I was surprised that it bothered me so much because I usually turn on subtitles.- No  grinding, not many side quests, This sounds good on paper but I had a bad time with a summoner class; each summon cost money. I specialized in summoning and simply couldn't progress at some point. had to create a different character.- Short. Just when you are picking up speed, the game ends."
,Recommended,234650,367967,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Mayor's Office,"Guns, Computers, Cyber-babes, Robot-babes and Gun-Babes and Computer-Babes. This game is the best."
76561198065979638,Recommended,234650,10685954,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,verstehen,"In a sentence: a tactical noir murder mystery set in the Shadowrun universe. I loved playing the tabletop game in the 90s but it took me a long time to buy this since the last LAST Shadowrun game was so horrible (okay, it wasn't bad as FPS go but that completely defeated the purpose of setting it in the Shadowrun Universe). I'm not all the way finished with the main quest yet but have been immensely enjoying this game, both for the way the plot falls out (if a little predictably) and for the nostalgia of character building and the fun of the universe. I'm not really sold on the tactical combat -- it's never been my thing -- and even on easy mode I've had more than a few wipes. I also get a little frustrated when hiring runners because I'd like more control over the party and party skills (though it's possible that might come later? I hope?). Still, the game was definitely worth the money during the Steam sale and just the five hours I've played so far made me go ahead and buy the expansion too."
,Recommended,234650,10138714,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jallira,"This game is fantastic and the purest example of how substance wins out over style every time. A game doesn't need the sort of cutting-edge graphics that so many games lean on to disguise a woeful lack of plot when the storyline is as engaging as Shadowrun Returns manages and makes look so easy. Intuitive UI, tactical challenges, a range of engaging characters and a hell of a lot of fun."
76561198002903513,Recommended,234650,10954669,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JediDG,"Only a couple of hours in, but an absolutely amazing RPG with turn-based combat. It has a dark, gritty, steampunk vibe with some interesting character classes. If you like the original Fallout games or RPG games in general, get this bought right now."
,Recommended,234650,29000553,Posted: 4 January,all,Vosoros,"A game full of intrigue, choices and plot twists aplenty in this magical and dystopian vision of the future.  Shadowrun Returns is a must have for the game collection."
76561198081635714,Recommended,234650,10918261,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mercurialMalcontent,"Shadowrun Returns is a wonderful nostalgia trip that feels like a loveletter to every fan of the old SNES Shadowrun game. The graphics are smooth and fresh, the various gameplay systems are streamlined without being dumbed down, and the writing is amazing, full of wit and subtle touches that tell more about the world than endless exposition would.The only real complaint I have about the game is that the music gets *incredibly* repetative. I haven't yet played Dragonfall, so this might just be a flaw in the Dead Man's Switch module."
,Recommended,234650,19919302,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,quixoticaxis,"A lot of people say that Shadowrun Returns is not good and lacks in a variety of qualities. Maybe so, but it still felt like a breath of fresh air for the fans of RPGs when it came out. I totally recommend playing this one."
76561198025298269,Recommended,234650,10927056,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sunny_d,"Excellent old-school RPG.  Feels similar to Baldur's Gate and Fallout 1+2, but much more linear than those games.  Make sure to pick up the DLC campaign Dragonfall as well."
76561197999103145,Recommended,234650,9299310,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Theodore Roosevelt,"I've loved Shadowrun for a long time. It was my first tabletop rpg, and it helped foster a love of the happy that is going strong today.For those who don't know, Shadowrun is a setting that takes place in a dystopian cyberpunk future. Corporations are more powerful than governments, and most people are either wretchedly poor or corperate wage slaves with no freedom. But there is a twist. As this dystopia began to develop, magic returned to the world, bringing with it Elves, Dwarves, Orks, Trolls... and Dragons. Think Bladerunner meets Dragon Age.You play as shadowrunners, mercenary criminals who live off the grid and do jobs that are too dirty or difficult for the corporations. You are a theif, assasin, or bodygraud on any given day, operating in the shadows and outside the law. I've always thought that this would make a great setting for a video game, but Shadowrun hasn't had too many adaptations: and the ones we did get weren't great.But Harebrained Schemes thought they could deliver, and took to Kickstarter. And deliver they did. I kickstarted Shadowrun Returns, and the end product was worth the investment. It was a good turn base strategy rpg, along the lines of, say, Fallout, though the setting conjures up comparasions to Arcanum: of steamworks and magick obscura (also recomended). The combat was fun, the graphics looked excellent, and importantly to someone like me, the developers clearly understood Shadowrun, a sense that could not be gained from the poorly received X-box shooter of some years ago.But it was good game, if there were several issues that kept it from being great. A save system that didn't work well, and a story that was a little too linear and static for Shadowrun's traditional style. These issues were tempered by a promise of mission packs and expansions, and a robust editor for the community to create missions of their own.Now they've released the first of those mission packs, Dragonfall, and playing it convinced me to write this reveiw. Because where the original game faltered, Dragonfall soars. A rational save system is finally in, and there is more variety to the weapons, cyberware, and other combat options to make things a little more interesting. And, most importantly, the new campaign is exactly what shadowun should be.It's got interesting characters to talk to, both in your team and in the hub where you go in between missions. It's supports player agency, from the runs you choose to go on to the way you solve those runs. Runs themselves are interesting and often dynamic. Each one has signifigant choices, and I had to think hard about seveal of them. While I could have seen more room to roleplay, for the most part I never felt that my character wasnt' represented in the dialouge choices. And while I like the story of the main game, the story in Dragonfall is much better. It made me care about the characters and the situation far more than the orignal.But most of all, it feels like Shadowun. The runs played exactly like runs I might have written myself for the tabletop game, far more so than the first game. And the balence between story based missions and those just for case works much better than the previous as well. All in all, playing Dragonfall felt just like playing a real Shadowrun game. That is what I wanted when I kickstarted, and I will buy whatever DLC they release as long as they maintain that feeling.So, I heartily recomend Shadowrun Returns, but strongly recomend you buy Dragonfall too- in fact, you should probably start with it over the original games campaign, espeically if you are familier with the setting, but thats a personal choice.But is it right for those who don't know Shadowrun? I still think so. The setting is interesting enough to draw people in, and no previous knoweldge is needed for the actual gameplay, which is entertaining even without feeding into that Shadowrun feedback loop I have. That said, the Berlin Free State setting of the game might be a little bit bewildering, as the game doesn't explain all that much (That said, most shadowrun players probably don't know much about Berlin either - Me included- but at least with the background its easier to get up to speed). For those who don't know anything about Shadowrun, and are willing to put up with the weaker (but still good) story, starting with the first game's story might still be better as it is probly friendler to those who are going in blind.tldr: Shadowrun Returns is a good game, but Dragonfall is even better, doubly so for anyone who knows the setting or has played the tabletop game. If you were on the fence before, Dragonfall makes it a good bet."
,Recommended,234650,28820359,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Schism,"I was a complete neophyte to the Shadowrun series when I first played Shadowrun Returns. I was looking for a strategy oriented RPG with a scenario that would keep me interested in playing the game, the futuristic setting was a bonus.The character's customization offers many ""carreer"" possibilities, whether you want to be a Street Samurai, blading and gunning through the streets of Neo-Seattle, a hacker or ""Decker"" and turn the situation to your advantage by jumping in the matrix and hacking your way through the top, or someone in touch with his inner self and the old spirits of nature, such as a shaman. Or maybe you would rather unleash your fury on the local gangs and punch whoever is stepping in your way. You could also combine any of the different skill trees to make your own and unique gameplay, but remember that a jack of all trades is a master of none...However, this is not why I am recommending this game. Because even if the gameplay and the overall aesthetic of the game are worth the price, the scenario and roleplaying aspect of Shadowrun Returns is, in my humgle opinion, what makes it an amazing game. It all starts off simple, and then escalates to a breathtaking scenario carried by well-written dialogues and a very peculiar ambiance (at least for a newcomer like me).In conclusion, if you're looking for a neofantasy roleplaying oriented strategy RPG, this is your game."
,Recommended,234650,11006151,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,daniil kharms children's story,This is actually really good and you should play it if you like old school RPGs. It's pretty much what you'd expect if they made an isometric RPG in 2013. And I sure wish that sort of thing happened more often.
,Recommended,234650,10003062,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Lynchden,"It is hard to rate this game as a whole.  On one hand, I found the writing to be excellent.  Several twists, it kept me interested.  All the dialog choices are mostly just cosmetic though.  There is no real reactivity or plot branches based on your responses.  The combat is the weak point in my opinion.  It isn't very challenging and seems to get a bit repetitive.  Overall, I really did enjoy the game and it is well worth the money.  I bought the expansion as well.  It is better.  It has better writing and many quests have morally ambiguous choices to make at the end.  The combat is still weak, but enjoyable.  I recommend it.  It is well worth the asking price, even if not on sale.  Support the indies.  8/10"
,Recommended,234650,1024518,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Noxxys,"Update: the new Dragonfall campaign makes it one of the best RPGs I've ever played. The characters, the story, the choices, the combat... all of these are very well executed and will consume many hours of your nights.Very good classic RPG with a nice story, tactical turned-based combat and a comprehensive editor for unlimited content!"
,Recommended,234650,21148490,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Joachim,"Shadowrun Returns is a light tactical RPG focusing on story and pretty graphics. The game is fairly short (~10h), but just the right length to not overstay its welcome.The gameplay elements are fairly simple as far as Tactical RPGs go, and those looking for challenging and meaningful systems should look elsewhere. It is still entertaining though, and perfect for those looking for a more casual experience.The real meat of the game is the story, the setup and the writing. The plot is of a noir detective style with conspirations and social commentaries mixed in, well written, served by beautifully hand painted 2D graphics.The only complaint would be that such an interesting universe: a blend between Blade Runner and D&D, deserved a more traditional, long lasting, content rich RPG. As it is the game is highly enjoyable as a little tread, but it's missing momentum, exploration and more involving combat. Well worth on a Steam sale though."
76561197993032411,Recommended,234650,1417014,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,V.,"Have you been looking at it? Has it got your attention? Are you wondering whether or not this is worth twenty dollars? DO IT. XCOM: Enemy Unknown style combat meets a great RPG filled with a cast from metahumanity's worst to its finest, with enough snark to make a room filled with hard-boiled, collar-propped detectives shiver. To be fair, areas or 'levels' themselves are linear, but each offers different ways to get past trouble; clubbing your way through, persuading a bystander to pitch in or hacking your way into networks can all help out. The game's worth a good look at the very least."
,Recommended,234650,29709715,Posted: 4 February,all,PEWnitive DAMNage,"It's like a point and click and a tactical RPG game had a baby.  Through the whole adventure, there was never a point I was bored.The story was compelling although toward the end it took a completely random and unexpected turn. The combat felt pretty good and I never felt limited by the skill tree. It's one of those games where the class you choose just determines your starting stats, but you can do what ever you want in the end.The only complaint I can have is the lack of voice acting. When I first started the game reading all the dialog felt a bit tedious, but lets blame that on a millennial's terrible attention span."
,Recommended,234650,10096660,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Naotaku,"One of the best, most immersive games I played this year. Do your self a favour and get the Dragonfall ""DLC"" (it's more like a whole new Shadowrun game) too. It takes the concept to a whole new level. Absolutely loving it! Don't buy this if you hate reading though :p"
,Recommended,234650,20377028,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Arterus,"I've just finished the second one of these game 'Dragonfall' and intend to start the third straight away later tonight!These games offer so much to the player who likes a 'story'. If your an impatient conversation/cutscene clicker then simply DONT buy these games, you will get so little from them!But if you like to get your teeth into a decent storyline, turn based combat and a polished product then these games may well serve you well.The Shadowrun universe is compelling and interesting. It's not your run of the mill fantasy/sci fi fair, it's rich deep and complex and the PDF that comes with this first game goes quite a way into giving you some of the details. Again this is for people who like to delve and read lore, those who care about backstories and where their characters will be adventuring.The graphic style of the game I think is perfect! The detailed world is welcoming, it draws you in and the art team have done so well in bringing the Shadowrun World to lfe. It's hand drawn feel adding to its charm.Character progression is good, although a little linear feeling, in that like most games nowadays you need to build your characters in certain ways to really get the most out of them. That said theres plenty of different ways to build your character and enouigh difference in the classes to keep you interested.I played the first game as a Decker and had plenty to do as I progressed through the game and I played the second as a Rigger and again found the gameplay excellent.The second game is better than the first and theres no requirement to play the first, they are standalone stories but if you were to skip this first game you would be skipping some of the best narrative there is out there today.Harebrained schemes obviously care about their writing because it's very profesional, head and shoulders above most similar games out there.The game isn't perfect. It's short (which can be forgiven as a first foray into a new universe - the second is MUCH longer and even better written, if thats poossible.) and it has anoying ommisions of functionality that we come to expect as game players.You cant for example swap out inventory items between team mates, often leading to frustration because wanted items are passed to your 'stash' rather than simply handing them to another team member who has room for them! An odd choice of how to do things that sadly made it into the second game too!Aside from some other small niggles I find it hard to say bad things abaout this game, and its sequel Dragonfall because I had so much fun playing them.Do yourself a favour, buy them!TL:DR - This game is not for you."
76561197991009575,Recommended,234650,19105767,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"I just finished this game.Considering it was a kickstarter project for a game made in a old PnP setting that been pretty much dead as far as I know, they done a decent job. The setting itself is interesting. Steampunk with elves and trolls. The gameplay is turnbased and the perspective is isometric.What I think was the good parts is as said the setting, the world itself feels very interesting. Turn based and isometric is also a nice touch to see but more games been doing that of late. Someone changing it up from all the third person action oriented RPGs of late. The graphics are not top notch tripple A high budget but it got its own charm anyway.The bad sides to me is how short it is and the lack of exploration. The game is pretty linear. But from my understanding it is pretty much like the old Neverwinter Nights campaign, a tool to show what the toolset can do and what kind of things any player can create.If I would grade it I would give it somewhere between 6,5 to a 7 out of 10. Which is above average! With todays corrupt gaming journalism and inflated grade systems, this might look like a bad grade but it is really above average. Which is a good thing."
,Recommended,234650,18416222,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ajaarg,"A decent game. The plot meanders, but it's a pretty quick, fun little jaunt. The turn based combat is good, but the balance is iffie. It's not a Divinity: OS by any means, but it's well worth the 10 hours of your time to play it, provided you get it on a price that is comensurate.The worst part of the game is the inclusion of known degenerate Chris Kluwe as a non-playable character. I personally don't like the idea of child molesters being able to buy kickstarter characters in games, but what can you do?"
,Recommended,234650,8259008,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MelficeOne,"okay, If a game starts with a narrative description of your room and ""Its not on Fire"" is one of the main points, you know you're in for some good laughs. and you really are there.I havent played far in, but this re-Imagination of the pretty much first Cyberpunk RPG seems like a wonderful world to immerse yourself into.The Battle System is like the 2012 XCOM game and is really easy to get into.A definitely Must Play for people loving Cyberpunk.Also come on. Being an Elfen Mage in a future World? Come On!"
76561198302728949,Recommended,234650,31852093,Posted: 19 May,all,AncientGamer,"Shadowrun Returns is a fun Turned Based Combat RPG style game.  Easy to master controls.  Good difficutly levels.  Easy to understand level-up and accessories system.  Nice graphics.  Smooth running.  Easy to follow quests.  Only negative was its length of play.  On the upside, there are mods that increase playtime.  Play.  Enjoy.  I played the original on console many years ago and this game has always been one of my favorites."
76561198081679892,Recommended,234650,27432153,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Noobix,Yeh
76561198036882626,Recommended,234650,11209302,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Vandar,Pros: Intriguing story. Great setting and atmosphere. Fun combat.Cons: The lack of sidequests and customizable/permanent party members really hurts the game.
,Recommended,234650,10596252,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,UncleDrax,"It's Shadowrun, it's turn-based combat, and it has some decent writing. Unfortunately it isn't very open (it felt pretty linear).Overall pretty solid."
76561198063822147,Recommended,234650,23957058,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thehellishgnome,Great atmosphere and story. Thanks nerds
76561198159706465,Recommended,234650,23426778,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Drag0nK1ngMark,"A Sci-fi world with magic and dragons mixed in, what more do I need to say about this game? The setting is in the future, where an event called 'The Awakening' brought magic back into the world. Needless to say if you are a fan of the Shadowrun universe, get this game immediately. To new players who love a good RPG and are just getting into Shadowrun, I recommend getting this to start you off.shadowrun Returns's combat is reminiscent of XCOM, as it's turn based and every descision on the battlefield will mean death or getting your team alive. The many classes allow for you to make your character the way you want, but you can make your own class with the points you have, allowing for flexibility.If you want a deep engaging novel-like RPG experience with tons of text and dialogue to read through, get this game and its sequels. If the novel-sized texts aren't your thing, then combat will keep you invested."
,Recommended,234650,7774962,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,CXZman,"I do recommend this game. Warning though...This is an old school roleplaying game, set in a classic pen and paper RPG background, and it is focused on two features : nice writing/storytelling and nice turn by turn tactical combats. That's it.The two of them are great, especially the writing. You could say the art direction is somewhat strange but interesting, as every piece of level art is actually painted by hand. The mix of 2D and 3D works good enough.But good tactical combats, funny art and great writing doesn't exactly cut it. The hidden strengh of Shadowrun Returns lies in its Editor. The first campaign is actually a (very nice and long) showroom for the level editor. Very good content has already been made by the community and it is far from over. This is a cyberpunk-ish roleplaying game that keeps on giving.If you're not into User Generated Content and Steam workshop, you might want to wait until it gets cheaper. If you're into roleplaying games, if you know the shadowrun universe, or if you crave to create your own stories, just buy the damn game already!"
,Recommended,234650,10096463,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Gentleman Death,"So, the Shadowrun world is entirely new to me.  I never played the SNES Shadowrun game, and I definitely didn't know until recently that Shadowrun started out as a Dungeon and Dragons style table top game in the late 80's/early 90's.  Only a few minutes into the game, I could tell that this is a well developed universe, one that could be better appreciated by those who have been involved in the Shadowrun lore for years.  Not to say I'm not impressed.  Like I said, I'm completely new to this world.  But that's what makes this game immediately addicting.  It has it's own world and immediately pulls you right into it.  Yes, you can feel like a foreigner at first, but not for long.  The game starts when you receive a message from an old friend, Sam Watts, who pre-informs you of his death through a video message which is sent to you upon his death.  Your mission is to investigate who killed him and find out who this ""Ripper"" character is.  As you investigate Sam Watts murder, you get pulled more and more into the underground world of Shadowrun, discovering more of the secrets of Sam Watts, as well as the other characters you meet.For me, I enjoy a good RPG.  Typically, I have trouble getting into turn based RPGs anymore.  Despite that this game is turn based, there is a strategy element that gives it more depth.  You're not just attacking, healing, and casting magic.  You have to anticipate the movements of your enemies and use your surroundings to your advantage.  There is also a bit of a puzzle element, too, as you must search your surroundings and use items to get past certain areas.Shadowrun is a nice blend of fantasy with cyberpunk.  I wish I could have emersed myself in this universe before, but I feel fortunate that I can experience it for the first time.  So even if you are not already familiar with Shadowrun, I suggest downloading this game.  It will definitely keep you hooked for hours."
,Recommended,234650,131294,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,CWolf,"I really enjoyed this game.  It's not the longest of games but the writing is excellent quality and the level editor / mod tools will allow for some amazing stories to be told.Go get it now - it's cheap enough =).EDIT: After playing Dragonfall, the team really step their game up to the next level. I can't recommend it enough!"
76561198118204659,Recommended,234650,8047766,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Onyxrune,"I'm impressed with Shadowrun Returns. While the core adventure may seem brief to some (roughly 12 hours of continuous play), the ambience is reminiscent of the old pen-and-paper Shadowrun I played so long ago and adored. Furthemore, there seems to be a respectable, growing listing of user-built content and adventures, free to download here under Steam Workshop.  Most surprising to me is that SR runs smoothly at 1366x768 resolution on my old 2009 Dell Inspiron 1545 laptop running Ubuntu 12.04, with only a mere integrated Intel GMA 4500MHD; Intel Core 2 Duo (2.0 GHz x 2), 2 Gb RAM DDR2 800Mhz. I almost didn't purchase SR because I thought my laptop couldn't handle it. I was pleasantly proven wrong."
,Recommended,234650,8086837,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Trasho,Interesting addition to the shadowrun universe. The turn based system isnt the best but I got the game because I am a shadowrun fan and was not disapointed in that aspect of the game at all.
76561198087351057,Recommended,234650,8046730,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ossirytk,"Shadowrun returns is a fairly good game but I might be biased as a fan of the franchise so to speak. There are many familiar things in this game for those who have played the pen and paper rpg.The game is fairly short in itself, but community created content can bring more bang for your buck so no worries. The dead man's switch is a pretty short and limited storyline, but I thought it had pretty good replayability value. The graphics and music are decent enough and the game worked pretty well for me. I had some minor problems with the attack animation of my main character being delayed in one place and it appears I'm not the only one. So some glitches still remain. Hopefully future patches will fix these.The setting is nice and the storytelling is pretty good. Overall I really enjoyed Shadowrun returns. I think this game deserves some serious thought for people who know the setting already but it might night be such a good purchase for others."
76561198114722976,Recommended,234650,8051455,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Frankslegend,Well worth the money if you like turn based combat games only real downside is the checkpoint system and not being able to save when you want to
76561197973047767,Recommended,234650,8054685,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ACN,"Flawed but fun, definitely reminiscient of the almost 20 year old hit ""Shadowrun for Sega Genesis which was one of my favourites. Walking around can be a bit tedious, and the healing especially is obnoxious, which can lead to a bit of frustration. They should have gone for a system more like the old Fallout style, with more granular action points. The story is also way too linear for my liking.  They did get a few things right though, it does have that cyberpunk feel which is the important thing."
76561197989607632,Recommended,234650,8055331,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Grimthwacker,"An amazing return to the Shadowrun universe, one that fans of the 16-bit games should savor while easy enough for newcomers to get into.  Offers lots of flexibility for your characters' builds and simple point-and-click interface navigation both inside and out of combat.  This is the Shadowrun game fans have been waiting for."
,Recommended,234650,8048623,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,mbouchar,Really great game. A little linear.
76561198099933879,Recommended,234650,8062887,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Fat Sunny,"Shadowrun Returns brings the Sixth World triumphantly back to the video game medium. While the setting has always enjoyed a cultish, global fanbase, this game offers strangers to it a chance not only to get a solid feel for its essence, but also to enjoy an all-around good game. The fruits of the Shadowrun Returns kickstarter have been sweet indeed, and new updates keep making them even sweeter. From veteran runners of the pen & paper or console shadows, to anyone looking to enjoy a nice indie game brought into being by the hopes, donations, and hard work of many -- I highly recommend this fun and celebrated game."
76561198038902265,Recommended,234650,8980113,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Dav,"Turn based tactical rpg by a somewhat inexperienced studio, i still enjoyed this one. Closest thing to  Shadowrun pen and paper so far with room to grow. Regarding the initial campaign many people consider it a mixed bag. Story was mostly well done, tone of the setting was excellent, character developement was good, though some skills such as decking not utilized to their full potential in this initial campaign. A bit short. Overall i enjoyed it for what it is. A decent first effort at bringing back e shadowrun rpg. An editor is included and community content is available at varying stages of finish. An expansion is on the near horizon that fixes the save system( from current checkpoint system to new anywhere save)  and ought to expand the gameplay and campaign linearity. Curious to see what gets built on this foundation.edit 6/16/14;  having played through the dragonfall expansion i felt the need to add that it is an improvement over the base game in most every way. such as party members able to use their own skills to make skill checks now, and improved cohesive story, and somewhat more open campaign. i highly recommend  checking out dragonfall as well, or at least the reviews of it. something to consider when purchasing this."
76561198074502922,Recommended,234650,9416694,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,allenmaher,"Catfood everyone?A great game that captures the great things about Shadowrun, the ambiance, the lingo, the deep backstory, the crazy world.  It also does you a favour and hides most of the complex RPG game mechanics.  Both the original adventure and the DLC Dragonfall are challenging.  Really challenging, frequently turning your whole party into catfood after one minor tactical mistake.Highly recomended for pen and paper RPG types looking for a good fix and for vetran shadowrunners of all ages."
76561197960281570,Recommended,234650,9968337,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Combat Gorge,"Initially I was hoping for something that resembled the 1993 SNES release under the same title, unfortunately  what you get was something that resembled the  SNES combat mechanics  but a lackluster storyline. I did enjoy the art, character development, and variety in combat, but really wished to just explore the world and complete missions not related to the general story. That being said, Shadowrun has a lot of untapped potential for the modding community wishing to polish this stone a bit more.  Definitely worth the price if you want a change of pace."
76561198004358082,Recommended,234650,9945579,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Coron,An RPG with good story and uninspired game play.  I don't play RPGs for their gameplay mechanics.  The original story is good but in my opinion the expansion they made is far better.  8/10
76561197976312757,Recommended,234650,10021987,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Destyre,"I'm not sure why this game has had so many bad reviews; I really enjoyed it.Shadowrun Returns is based on the old pen and paper role playing game Shadowrun. Set in a world where magic has ""returned"" to the Earth along with races that we are all familiar with in Fantasy stories. Magic and technology, spells and hacking all blend into this mishmash of Cyberpunk and Fantasy, and for the most part it works pretty well.The mechanics of the game will be familiar with anyone who has enjoyed games such as Fallout 1 & 2 or any X-Com games. The game has turn based combat and a deep class system, wherein you level, spend points (known as Karma) and find more powerful weapons, clothing and spells.The campaign that comes with the game: ""Dead man's switch"" is quite enjoyable, if a little short, however this game has steam workshop and plenty of mods to try out once you are done.A few negative things do crop up in this game, however. First and most obvious from the get-go, the graphics are horrendous; they are actually not that far beyond the Super Nintendo game and that was made in 1993... but graphics aren't everything right? What about the fact that you cannot export your character that you so lovingly built up in the campaign into other mods? Unless you basically hack the game, that is. And just like any game with ""dice rolls"" this game is seriously suspect when it comes to calculating chance.All in all good game. It needs to have more accessibility so that you can export characters into different adventures, but you will still get alot out of it."
76561197991626891,Recommended,234650,10752123,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snake,i like this game good to play
76561198021582575,Recommended,234650,10003027,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Chuck_B_Frost,"So I've had a few people ask me what I think of the game so I thought I would right a review. I have not finished the game at the time of writing this. So far I am enjoying it. While I know about the Shadowrun franshise others my not. This game plays alot like X-com but with a Deux Ex feel to the world.  It is a Cyberpunk D&D setting. Graphics are good, I haven't had any problems with bugs, the story so far is good. I haven't figured it out yet but I am starting to put things together. Replayablity should be good with having 5-6 class's and races to pick from. At the $5-$7.50 range Its worth picking up if your working with a small bugdet.UPDATEI finnished the story took 24 hours, I play slow I would say its about 8-12 hours for normal speed. Overall It was worth the $5 though the real Gem has turned out to be the DLC, the story and world is alot more fleshed out, new EQ more side quests I would say pick it (the DLC) when its in the $7.50-$10 range."
76561197985253346,Recommended,234650,8373912,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Liao,"I want more games like this, and definitely more in the Shadowrun universe.Shadowrun. Do you know Shadowrun? ... I'm not a nerdified loremaster, and certainly not qualified to make absolute statements, but from what I know Shadowrun is one of the largest RPG-Fiction-Universes ever created. It started out as  a Pen & Paper roll playing game with a nice, not overly-complicated mechanic and, which is the important thing, a really really cool setting. The whole Shadowrun universe is awesomely extensive, there exist around 50 or such novels about it aswell. To put it short: it's kind of a combination of William Gibson's Cyberpunk (Neuromancer, Biochips, Cyberspace, Mona Lisa Overdrive ...) and J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy fiction (The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings). So, it's some moderate Sci-Fi (no laser guns or energy shields) intermingled with magic fantasy (Elves, Dwarves, Orcs... and pretty much every other creature you can think of).Now, about the game... It's a turn based tactical combat game. The gameplay system is easy to grasp and usually doesn't eat as much time as other games with a similar gameplay concept sometimes do (the new X-Com for example). Graphics aren't breath-taking but entirely sufficient since most of the game really happens in the text based storytelling and interaction. Which get's me to the interesting part, the game's main story is really quite awesome, it's really been a while since I've seen a story as awesome as this one. The writing is entirely perfect, extremely immersive and complex, everything fits your characters race and gender, which in many other games is sadly neglected, and I've found like two typos in the whole game.The game's atmosphere is rather dark, slums, gang-criminality, ruthless megacorporations and political apathy give a perfect backdrop for the story.The game features an editor for custom campaign creation (there's a steam Workshop for it), which adds theoretically infinite replayability to it. Options for importing characters from campaign to campaign enable players to create characters with all-maxed out stats, if they so desire.Options for equipment progression are quite limited -> 'at-the-moment' <-. A pretty extensive add-on for the game (Shadowrun-Returns: Dragonfall) has been announced and is due to be released in early 2014.There is also an MMO Shadowrun game (Shadowrun-Online) in the tube, which I would recommend to check out aswell.(PS: If anyone is interested in reading any of the above mentioned novels by William Gibson and/or J.R.R. Tolkien I explicitly recommend getting original english language prints, as the translations I've read for books of both authors really missed out on a lot of things.)"
,Recommended,234650,7528155,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,"Lord Sherbet, Duke of Custard","Play Shadowrun:  Unlimited after dms, before you forget about this game.  Combat is very chance based, on the other hand, and provided you have enough invested in body, quickness, and dodge, you should survive the game with minimal use of healthkits and res-kits.  10 hours first playthrough tops, 3-6 for any follow-ups, infinite hours from community, some of it out-doing the original campaign.  Seriously don't expect to get by without body, quickness, and dodge."
,Recommended,234650,8240126,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"One of the best games i've played in years. It is like playing the pen and paper role playing game especially when you use player created modules. There are many classic pen and paper missions converted over and a massive amount of content in general. MUST OWN for Shadowrun fans.I would highly recommend buying the Dragonfall ""DLC"" and playing it first. Dead Man's Switch is good (even better now that save anywhere was added), but Dragonfall really captures that classic CRPG vibe with a great story and variety in playing methods and choices.As it stands right now, Dragonfall is the best game I've played this year. The characters will make a William Gibson fan weep with joy. Berlin and the politics and npc's that inhabit it make for a far more compelling locale than Seattle.BUY."
76561198138370734,Recommended,234650,10806951,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jorge,If you like cyberpunk and turn-based battles you have chances you will enjoy this game. Recommended!
,Recommended,234650,11000485,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,<Charname>,"I went to pay my respects to an old friend, and, long story short, wound up in a three-way firefight with techno-scientologists and undead abominations.10/10 - would Run again"
,Recommended,234650,10231174,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Claivain,"An amazing throwback to the days of Jagged Alliance and Fallout 1&2. Top down isometric view, turn based combat, extremely well written dialogue choices and a great set of skills to customise.The main storyline is around 10 to 12 hours depending on your reading speed and difficulty. Some of the best writing I've seen in an RPG, with a built in editor with plenty of community created content to make almost unlimited play time.Very highly recommended, especially when you consider this isn't a £35 release. I'd still be extremely happy if this was a full price production."
76561198047811576,Recommended,234650,10399837,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BlackRoseFFX,"I have heard of Shadowrun, and I have played the roleplay game only a couple of times. My friends prefer Vampire or DnD. I played the game with no expectations other than it looked pretty, and I got it on sale. The game had very pretty backgrounds, but the sory was very linear. There were hardly any side missions, and you had to do them as soon as you got them. There was no exploring of the world, which would have been nice. I would have liked to get to know some of the people who were in my party besides Coyote.I liked the character customization part. The fighting style was tactics, which I usually do not like, but Shadowrun Returns did it well. Overall the game was fun, and Dragonfall is supposed to be much better, or at least that is what i have heard."
76561198022442402,Recommended,234650,11453007,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Play like a Sir,Quite nice combination of old-school styled RPG and visual novel. This game is too good and too short. And be aware about Cemetery stage bug.
,Recommended,234650,11981663,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,whoisnot,"I loved this game. I bought it because I used to play the pen and paper rpg version of Shadowrun a long, long time ago (2nd edition, if that means anything to you), and got curious about Returns. It _is_ old school indeed, and it _is_ clumsy a bit here and there (though the patches have improved a great many things), but it definitely _is_ Shadowrun. So much so that playing this game made me want to play the pnp version as well again. I'm definitely looking forward to playing the second installment, Dragonfall, in the near future. Thank you, Harebrained Schemes. :)8.5 / 10"
76561197961326169,Recommended,234650,10836269,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mostly Harmless,"This game brings me back to when I played Shadowrun, The Card Game. A fun, interactive game, my friends and I always desired more in the plot/story line. I even went so far as to create a MUD with my friends (Showing my age there...), based on the Shadowrun Universe.Harebrained Schemes had a home run on this title. The storyline and gameplay are wonderful, coupled with 'retro' graphics, seems like they can do no wrong!.... Except have a soul. I bought this game on iOS first. Seemed perfect for my iPad (didn't see why I needed to waste low-end graphics on my computer).Oh how I look back and see how innocent I was.Paid the 8.99 for the game 3 months after it came out and a few updates ironed out a lot of the bugs. Seems like the smart way to go. Oh.. oh how innocent! Game crashes every 4-10 mins. Eventually, after grinding my way into the game (later to find out it was only about 25 mins of normal gameplay) I come to a single action that crashes the game everytime. I write into Harebrained Support and ask for a refund, due to inability to play the game. They tell me they cannot, but try Apple Support, they might be able to do something for me.So... you want me to jump to hoops with Apple, because your game, that states 'Made for iPad'..... doesn't work on my iPad?Long story short, thumbs up on the game, big middle finger to Harebrained Schemes. Worst company in the world, when it comes to customer relations."
,Recommended,234650,10924933,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sir Meatpipe,"This game was not what I thought it was when I pre-bought it.But that is ok. It is turned based, tactic based RPG. and that is awesomeBUY THE DLC! ITS BETTER THAN THE BASE GAME!"
76561198046440983,Recommended,234650,10962869,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kim.jolicoeur,"First impression: X-Com (old version) and Baldur's Gate's love child.I didn't expect to enjoy a lack of voice-overs, but the text is very well written, the story is engaging and the visuals are pretty good, tha animations flow well, great sound. I may have found a new addiction."
,Recommended,234650,11183544,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Yellow Sub Zero,"An authentic-feeling Shadowrun experience, clearly crafted with love and care, with satisfying plot and gameplay mechanics. About the only problem is that it's rather short, but if you can see your way around that, then it's well worth full price.Dragonfall is similar, in a sense, but it's a much heavier game and seems a lot more demanding of a player than the core campaign; the core campaign is simple, straightforward and nothing tricky. Dragonfall puts you in slightly more ""authentic"" RPG scenarios that might require a little more thought or effort to succeed in."
76561198017055489,Recommended,234650,12138023,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,d-pankratov.ru,"Это фактически Arcanum, в который залили fallout tactics и дали новую жизнь. Да, это практически также линейно, как в fallout tactics, и также сумбурно, как Arcanum. Но при всём при этом, эта игра сочетает в себе атмосферность обоих игр и их притягательность внутреннего мира.This is actually the Arcanum, which flooded fallout tactics and given new life. Yes, it's almost linearly, as in fallout tactics, and also messy as Arcanum. But for all this, this game combines the atmosphere of both games and their appeal inner world."
,Recommended,234650,9991897,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,carrotfaces,"You gotta come into this being willing to read a bit, or you're gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,234650,10929038,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WarpedPerspectiv,"Let me tell you a thing about this game. This game right here is the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you like turn based games and cyberpunk genre, ♥♥♥♥ing get it. It's also worth mentioning that the Dragonfall DLC is also worth picking up. The DLC itself improves in story telling for that campaign over the original one and adds a whole bunch of new goodies. There's also a pretty active mod community, with one group even going so far as to completely remake the old Shadownrun SNES game. It's definitely worth the purchase for both the base game and the DLC."
,Recommended,234650,11459189,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Cetrian,"An excellent example of how a 'remake' of a true classic should be done.  Much reverence to the original material, same mood and gameplay. Unapologetically old-school feel.  One of my favorite universes that successfully mixes high-tech sci-fi and some fantasy."
,Recommended,234650,6976093,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Mae is Bae,"Real cool game that catches the spirit of the genesis version. People (goons) will ♥♥♥♥♥ about the save system, but it's actually pretty good. It keeps multiple saves at different decision points and on entering different areas; I was able to cycle all the way to the beginning of the game.This game features a cool immensly interesting setting, cool powers, XCOM:EU style cover mechanics and overwatch controls and fun combat. If you're at all interested in cRPGs, cyberpunk or tabletop RPGs then slot your cred-stick and frag off, chummer."
,Recommended,234650,10198360,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,kobolde,"Excellent game. Top of the notch turn-based combat, and depth of roleplaying goes well beyond normal big rpg titles. It does have issues with confusing line-of-sight and other minor grievances, but I found this actually less buggy than most games I play.The first campaign, Dead-man's Switch, is very, very good. The Dragonfall add-on seems to be one of the best rpg-stories I've even played in videogames, but I've yet to complete it.Highly recommended for RGP and turn-based fans."
,Recommended,234650,10900922,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Test Bear,It's like a cyberpunk Baldur's Gate.
,Recommended,234650,11199672,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ragnarok,"An excellent old-school RPG.  If Fallout had an adventure in a world formed by a collision of Deus Ex and Baldur's Gate, this would be the result.  The base campaign has some flaws, but the Dragonfall expansion is excellent.  You spend as much time talking as you do in combat, so it's a good job the writing is among the best to be found in the genre."
76561198096079278,Recommended,234650,11450472,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,FriendFive,"This is a game where I wish there was a third option between ""recommend"" and ""not recommend"". But I guess I am engaged with the game enough to keep playing it, so I am going the ""recommend"" route.To begin with, this game is my introduction to theShadowrunIP. I never played the tabletop RPG, nor any of the other related video games. And really, this particular blend of genres doesn't really do it for me. If you don't know, in the world ofShadowrun, magic and fantasy-type races typical in most fantasy (orcs, trolls, elves, dwarves) genres have ""re-awakened"" in a futuristic, cyberpunk setting. So basically, you've got elves casting spells alongside cyborgs hacking their way through cyberspace. For me, this is just a mashup that I don't find that intriguing, though I can see how some might think it's really cool.So then, what pulled me in to trying out this RPG with turn-based combat? I guess it was the beautiful visuals of the isometric maps. The game world is very pleasingly portrayed in great detail.Unfortunately, you can't interact with much in the game world except for certain areas (hotspots denoted by various icons) where you need to search for plot-specific items that you need to advance the story, or when you need to talk to someone, or open a door. And here I'll point out one of the minor technical gripes I have with this game. Sometimes when I try to click on one of these interaction icons (to open a door, for example) the game doesn't respond to the click. It seems like it happens when my character is moving from one point to another. If my character is in motion, then clicking on a ""open door icon"" isn't going to work most of the time until the character stops moving. Minor nuisance, I guess.The other thing I don't like about the game is the inventory system, which I find confusing.There is only so much stuff that you can carry and so you have a stash for anything you don't currently have equipped. However, when going on a mission, you usually have one or more other characters going with you and they each have their own inventories. However, sometimes in the game, it seems like these other characters have their own stashes, but it's not clear to me how to access their stashes. Furthermore, when you go to hire these other characters in your party, you have to commit to the team you've just hired and then embark on the mission. You can't hire your team and then go buy equipment for them. You have to by all the weapons, health packs, spells, fetishes, etc. BEFORE you hire your team but then, how are you going to know which gun, for example, will be most effective with which team member when you haven't hired your team yet to look at their stats. Even when I have tried to buy ahead of time for team roles I am going to hire, when I get to the ""loadout"" screen before embarking on a mission, I try to equip these things on various characters, and then either don't show up (presumably because the character isn't skilled enough to use the item) or they are incompatible with some other item that the character already has. But there is not enough information provided to the player to know what spells, items, etc are or are not compatible with which characters.Here's an example, I bought some grenades and when I tried to equip them on my shaman, I got this message that said that the item I was trying to quip was not compatible with the level 5 summon elemental spell the shaman already had equipped? Uh, why exactly? I have no idea.Not to harp on the inventory problem too much, but here is another example. My character is a decker (a hacker class) and I have leveled up to where I can use better decks(like a portable hacking keyboard or laptop) that hold more ESPs (Expert Systems Programs) and other programs to help me hack in cyberspace. But I have never been able to figure out how to get those programs that I buy from my stash INTO my deck. So I usually end up hacking in cyberspace without any of these useful aids.So other than the beautiful graphics, I have to say that the writing is pretty good in this game. The character dialog makes the characters have their own personalities, and their motivations are usually clear. The load times between ""areas"" of the game can feel long at times, but there is usually some good flavor text that gives you some setting and atmosphere for the area you are entering. The story is pretty engaging and starts out as a story about bringing your friend's murderer to justice, but through some twists and turns ends up in the familiar, ""save-the-world-from-some-evil-from-beyond"" territory.The turn-based combat is also pretty good and implements a cover system. You have plenty of options when it comes to fighting: melee (fists, bats, swords), ranged (pistols, machine guns, grenades), AoE attacks (some spells and grenades), and buffs and debuffs (in the form of spells or various drug-like substances). Shamans can summon elementals to fight for them, but at a risk. These summoned pets might decide to rebel against their masters and then you have one more enemy on the map to fight.So even though I have some gripes about this game, I guess overall I would recommend it for those who like isometric RPGs with turn-based combat. I am not sure if fans ofShadowrunwill think this game does the IP justice or not, but to me it seems like they would like this game.UPDATED: So here's my final word after finishing ""Dead Man's Switch"". I bought the game for 5 bucks and it gave me 18 hours of basically good gameplay and a good story. But I have no desire to play it again which is a shame because usually with a good RPG, likeSkyrimfor example, I would want to play it through again trying out a different character which would allow me to experience the story again with a different play style. Also, I have no desire to try out the Dragonfall DLC nor any other player made content that is out there. I guess the game world didn't captivate me enough to make me want to live out other stories within it."
,Recommended,234650,11961996,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Carlsberg,"One of the best TB games I played, good story, game , sound etc ..."
76561198006395100,Recommended,234650,10025959,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Lavian,"The first section of this review is regarding the Dragonfall DLC campaign, as of originally writing this review, I had not touched the original Dead Man's Swtich campaign, so keep that in mind when reading. Theres a second section that covers Dead Man's Switch.DragonfallTo start, it's a good game. A really good one. It feels like a CRPG from over a decade ago, and I say that in the best way possible. It honestly feels like it could have been made by Troika, and I say that in both a good and bad way.What do I mean by ""both a good an a bad way""? Well, the game has some good writing, genuinely interesting characters, and a sold cobat system. The game is also buggy, but not so much that it's game breaking.When speaking of a the combat system, we're looking at a very XCOM esque sort of feel complete with grid-based movement and overwatch for helping to keep areas locked down. You'll likely often find yourself moving your characters from cover to cover while pushing forward and taking down enemies. The combat system works on a cooldown system for abilities, in which once an ability is used, it cannot be reused for X number of turns. All in all, the game actually offers satisfying tactical RPG experience complete with guns, magic, and swords.In terms of the bugs well, here's a few examples. At one point in the game I had a set of side objecties. Those objectives disappeared from my mission log, which from my expericne, shouldn't happen, but fortunately that did not prevent me from completing those side objectives and getting the payout from them. At another point in the game, a character I was talking to repeated dialogue from earlier on in the game when I spoke to her. It seemed clear that that piece of dialogue should not have been spoken, as it completely went against the more recent gdialogue I had just had with her (as in, literally seconds before). Also, not really a bug, but movement can be finickey if you want to move a charater to a tile behind another character, since the game will generally select the other character rather than move the one you wanted to move.Writing is... pretty subjective obviously, but I enjoyed it quite a bit. I really liked all of the characters, I found converstations interesting, I liked learning about the past of my companions, and I liked watching them grow as I continued to run with them. The chararacter aren't exactly super dynamic, as there'll never be huge changes  in their personality, but still, as you converse with them, you can tell they're growing, which is actually more than I can say for quite a few other titles in the genre. The game also offers a number of superficial choices, in that you can't actually alter the course of the story, but it will still give you feedback about the effects of your decisions in terms of the world around you, so while it doesn't change the storyline, it still feels like it has an impact. Aside from that, doing things one way over another may provide more karma (experience) or money.In any case, I bought the game on sale, so betwen the original title plus the Dragonfall DLC, I ended up spending around 15 USD, and it was most certainly worth that and more. That said, $30mightbe a little steep if you'reonlyinterested in Dragonfall, as it's not actually all that long (longer than the original campaign from what I'm told, and just better all around), but then again, it might not be, because it really is good.I'll add to this review after running Dead Man's Switch I suppose, but bottom line is: Dragonfall is a fantastic campaign that's well worth paying for and playing.Dead Man's SwitchI might as well start by saying that yeah, it's pretty much worse than Dragonfall in every way possible, but still decent.The writing is Dead Man's Switch is far less compelling to be frank. The characters aren't as interesting, they never really appear to gorw, and you don't really interact with them, or even the world very much. It's a very much guided experience that sort of just shuffles you from level to level as the story unfolds. I feel that my most major problem with the storyline is that I find it pretty much impossible to make a connection to any of the characters since you don't really get to interact with them much.Honestly, I'd say that if you're going to get Shadowrun Returns, get it for Dragonfall and think of Dead Man's Switch as an extra campaign despite the fact that Dragonfall is DLC which you'll have to pay for. Dead Man's Switch is nothing to really write home about, so if you get the game, you should really get the DLC. If you're more interested in the user-generated content or the combat system, the base game still has that going for it of course."
76561197986063382,Recommended,234650,10564096,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lord_Nikkon,"Awesome game, minor bugs to work out here and there, otherwise much like the pen and paper. Good cross-over to digital for me."
,Recommended,234650,10782874,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ubernerd Lucas,"I really enjoyed the Dead Man's Switch campaign. I thought it moved along at a nice pace; you never feel like you're grinding through the same thing over and over. There's frequent swapping of combat and roleplay throughout, and many of the combat encounters feel special. The story itself was enjoyable, and I'll probably play through the campaign with a different build to see some of the other dialogue. Overall it was a great ride, and I'll probably pick up the expansion some time soon."
76561198012273350,Recommended,234650,11003451,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Draden,"Quick review for Dead Man's Switch+ Deep writing with lots of humor+ Fun combat mechanics+ Nice soundtrack- LinearThe game is a light action-RPG, with combat style similar to Fallout. RPG elements are there to provide some depth, but I found the focus of the game to be more in telling the story. The story is told mainly in text, which I personally liked as it gives room for imagination.The game is linear but as the story is really gripping that did not bother me.Took me about 12h to finish, which was enough to tell the story and not drag for too long artificially.Really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,234650,11354849,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Shinobo,"This game is the best I've played in a number of years.The story in Dragonfall left me with that awesome ""game shock"" you get when you finish a really involved, coo, and deep story. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.Buy this immediately, play for days."
76561198092770843,Recommended,234650,11362038,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Avalar_Atlus,"A light strategy action rpg that doesn't hit as hard as it can.It combines fantasy magic, trolls, with technology, guns, hacking, for a cool atmosphere you wish you could spend more time in.The combat is good, uses a cover system and plenty of weapons to attack with from a nice choice of classes to master with a few perks to each.Your character build affects how you can approach situations depending on your strength, decking, and mostly charisma. Choice is limited, though.The story keeps it going but isn't as fantastical as you think it could be. You also don't get all the explainations you want.All the characters are very good for their short cameos in game.Overall, the pieces for something really big are here, it just doesn't flex all it's muscles. Most importantly, I had fun. I was underwhelmed because of my expectations for story but nothing that made me enjoy the game any less. Characters were cool, combat kept me going, choices lead me to being nice to some, a rare puzzle element suprised me, and it's worth the not-as-short-as-most-people-who-complain-about-length you put into it."
76561197971321755,Recommended,234650,11761912,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Soulreaver,"Best RPG I've played since Mass Effect and Dragon Age. Beautiful isometric graphics, turn-based combat, excellent writing. Enter the world of Shadowrun and don't look back. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,234650,10589178,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SedatedArrow,"Fun little game. Linear story line gets stale, but the community is so in-depth, it's hard not to like anything Shadowrun related."
,Recommended,234650,687415,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,honorabili,"It comes with tools that let players make their own campaigns. If you played the SNES or Genesis game or even the original tabletop RPG, then what are you waiting for... BUY THIS NOW!"
76561198018847741,Recommended,234650,16220226,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Brasidas,"Picked this one up when it was on sale, as I was curious.Turned out to be a great decison! My review as follows:ProsVery slick graphic novel type style and artCyberpunk environment and decking is awesome! Adds a lot to the storyUse of drone combat is interestingGreat story, and you can see they put effort into the dialog choicesGood character development, you can see how different and unique each character isLots of text -- feels like a story that's interactive, good immersion for the playerSmooth, sensible combat model -- turn based (which I prefer), but never feels slow or clunkyFor some reason, the system won't save the rest of my review. Anyway, it was a fun game!8.0/10.0"
76561198040811698,Recommended,234650,10026342,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"Excellent tactical RPG with a strong focus on story. Tons of skills, abilities, and weapon types to choose from allow for a good level of replayability, especially if you get the Dragonfall DLC (also recommended!) but there are some fun user-generated campaigns in the workshop too, though most still need some rounding out. Mix and match from weapon-focused skills like swords, thrown weapons like shurikens or grenades, pistols, rifles, and SMGs as well as magical abilities from fire and lighting to summoned spirits or chi attacks, or go with a more technological approach and use drone allies or hack computer, turret, and camera systems or even enter the digital Matrix to fight AI programs with your own."
,Recommended,234650,10030990,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Baggathor,"Shadowrun Returns is a beautiful re-launch of the Shadowrun universe on PC. It's predecessor on console while good, was a little rough around the edges, and I feel that Returns has really stepped up to the plate to make the playability more seamless to the gamer.The plot for this game is masterfully crafted leaving little or no detail not mentioned through the dialogues with characters or the descriptions. The gameplay feels very much like a session of tabletop as you wind your way through dialogue options and will then quickly become a turn based strategy when there are bullets to be fired.I whole-heartedly recommend this game to any fan out there of Sci-Fi, tabletop, Strategy/RPG games, or simply Shadowrun in general."
,Recommended,234650,10590060,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Repairman Jack,"As a fan of the pen and paper game for many years, and of top down rpgs like Baldur's Gate, I was very excited for this.  While the campaign was fairly short (around 12 hours) and linear, it really scratched the Shadowrun itch I have had ever since the FPS game was pretty bad."
,Recommended,234650,8443622,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ultratroll,"Fantastic RPG, well written and fun. Recomended,"
76561198024894178,Recommended,234650,8039737,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Yamin Jie,Old School Turn based RPG. Most fun I've had in a while. The text based story telling did not diminish the gameplay experience like I thought it would.
76561197995428937,Recommended,234650,8801411,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,AtlasWolf,"They said January for release of Berlin campagin they are pushing it rather close, hope it is still coming out this month!"
76561198102003109,Recommended,234650,9094325,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,needsmorezombie,"All i can say is just wow! very solid turnbased rpg. Don't listen to all those people who keep bashing the game because this wasnt in the table top or that wasnt supposed to be able to... in the table top etc. Their right about one thing IT ISNT THE TABLE TOP VERSION! Instead this is a very enjoyable love letter to the series from a company thats put  a lot of time to making this feel like it could be in the shadow run universe. The character customization alone can  make or break the game for you, seeing how the focus was on gameplay and ability cuztomization rather then visual. But i gotta say i had so much fun with the mage and building my crew and the awesome story that id recommend it to anyonbe looking for a goood rpg, not and i repeat NOT to some one whos looking to see a visual version of the table top. p.s. the visual style of this game is mid blowing!"
,Recommended,234650,7996137,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cookiepig,Doesn't work on Linux. I can play about 15 minutes into the game and then it randomly crashes and sends me back to my desktop. Looks fun and I hope they get it fixed soon. Should of never left beta.Edit: Opted in for the beta and they fixed the problem. Thanks devs for getting it fixed.
,Recommended,234650,8058185,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mairn,"Held my attention much better than most of the games I've played this year. The ""Dead Man's Switch"" story does a pretty good job capturing the setting, with some nice twists and turns in the plot. And unlike the pen and paper Shadowrun, it doesn't take five days to create a character."
,Recommended,234650,9946347,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ariako,"It's rare to find a game with good writing and storytelling.  It plays a lot like the tabletop RPG, and the custom content made by players is updated often and has a good following.  I suggest this game to anyone who likes RPGs and storytelling.<<8/10>>"
,Recommended,234650,9358385,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tolain,"I waited on the berlin expansion to review this game, and I definitely recommend it now.The original campaign, Dead Man's Switch, had a handful of problems at launch that had kept people from being as upbeat about it as they could, but many of those have also been fixed as of the expansion (Weapon balance, save system, bugs). Dead man's switch is a pretty cool campaign, and has a lot of nostalgic throwbacks to the SNES game. It's very Shadowrun Seattle (Megacorps, historic figures, gang control), and a bit short and linear, but still cool. I would give it a 8/10 or so.The Berlin expansion is the most hooked I've been by an RPG in a really long time. The writing is fantastic, the characters are cool, and the world is really fun. The combat isn't quite as polished as say, XCOM, but it's passable and doesn't detract in any way. The flux state (prior to the invasion and second Berlin wall going up) is well depicted, and you become very invested in the stories of everyone living in your block of the anarchists haven.There's much more freedom to approach things differently in the Berlin expansion, and you can take on side missions from the Berlin hub in the order you want, or even skip one or two if you want. It's also a bit longer than Dead man's switch, and features some new weapons. I would give Dragonfall a 9/10, easily."
76561197994006586,Recommended,234650,10551433,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Terrorance,"This game, more specifically the Dragonfall DLC, makes me want to find real life friends. Once I found these friends, I would only let them leave after they agreed to play hours of old school table top Shadowrun with me. Alas, my basement is ill outfitted to hold all these friends, and they would probably stink up the place with their nerdiness."
76561198026626109,Recommended,234650,8073315,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,tomjo66,"I think this game have gotten some bad reviews.I played the game to the end, and that's unusual for me.I usually stops when I find an exploit, or get bored.The game has a good story, some lovely npc, an at least one good nemesis, even though She gets pretty bleak in the end.What I don't like is, to be lied to, when I bought the game the promised to release, nxt chapter in Nov. And they did not.But on the plus side, they have very good editor. And loads of gamer made stuff is out there. Started to play some, but cant really find, the time to play any. Since I liked the original story. And curious as I am I want to see what's around the bend."
,Recommended,234650,10003903,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Valkyrja,"There are no words for how much I could recommend Shadowrun Returns. It brings back the excellent feel of old isometric view strategy RPGs like Fallout and Wasteland in a modern day, with the Sixth World taking you in and shaping you into a runner. Dead Man's Switch, the base campaign that comes with Shadowrun Returns is a good entrypoint into the Shadowrun world if you have never experienced it before. Unfortunately it lacks in a bit of my favorite aspect, Decking, but it makes up for it in an exciting, well paced story.The expansion, Dragonfall, takes what SR started in Dead Man's Switch and runs with it even further than it went before. Instead of being in the ever used area of Seattle (one that was used in both 16-bit consoles as well as DMS), it takes you to Germany to face off against an Elder Dragon.The best feature of SR is the Steam Workshop. The community has taken Shadowrun Returns and made their own campaigns, their own weapons, skills, anything you can possibly imagine being in the Sixth World. Just, go check it out."
,Recommended,234650,10160276,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,REM,"It began as a kickstarter project, and it delivered: an epic old-school immersive cyberpunk game, refreshing and fun to play.I would note that the Dragonfall DLC is a must buy, and the community hub is pretty solid as well."
,Recommended,234650,10550061,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FunkyJ,"I didn't realise how much I'd love this game, but it sucked me in good!I loved the old school turnbased action of the game, and the writing and story was just ace. I liked it so much I even downloaded some of the user developed mods for the game, which weren't as good as the original game, but still scratched the itch further.I really hope the devs put out more ""official"" addons."
,Recommended,234650,12408163,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,*Legion*,"I had no preexisting investment in the Shadowrun universe before playing this game. It would be fair to call this an RPG-lite with a pretty compelling setting. Fans of the original Fallout games will find the AP-based combat system familiar and enjoyable, but the level of freedom (both in terms of direction of the plot, as well as freedom within an area) is not what you get from those games.For a budget priced game, though, it holds up. The game is better realized in the standalone Dragonfall expansion, though."
,Recommended,234650,10990930,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Moddeang,Almost sleep while I'm in heat spot of battle! 7/10
,Recommended,234650,11522981,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,neuro,"Seriously, if you like cyberpunk themed videogames (or cyperpunk in general), this one is for you. The original campaign is ok, but it's not stellar, i felt it needed improvements on a lot of areas (from level design to gameplay). The dragonfall expansion improved a lot of stuff, the characters are more interesting, and also the Berlin is really cool. This is for fans of mature rpgs with lots of choices (most of them aren't that easy), really cool lore and story and engaging gameplay. You can choose the race you want, the features you want, and build the character you like the most. You are given a lot of freedom.The workshop adds a lot to this game, you can find dozens of interesting campaigns, that will keep you hooked for many hours."
76561198024438478,Recommended,234650,12840958,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,andrew,"Brilliant old-school CRPG. Classic cyperpunk setting. Fast to play. Easy to understand rules. Great skills system and equipment trees. Lots of mods. There's a sequel too. Most of all, really enjoyed the STORY and the CHARACTER INTERACTION which is what traditional RPGing is all about."
76561198005736879,Recommended,234650,13037808,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,stBeo,"Shadowrun returns feels like reading a (good) book.The interaction on top of that gets you involved. Good albeit linear story. I did find the final antagonist a little bit underwhelming though but for a low budget game I can understand the few flaws. Once done I didn't feel like replaying through the story again.Can't wait to play Dragonfall, I hear it's more open than the original. If the gameplay improve on this one it should be good too."
,Recommended,234650,11221824,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,A Rae of Sunshine~,"It's a breath of fresh air to see a serious RPG with real-life problems, even though the world has changed, there's no difference in how people act, and the way this is portrayed is absolutely amazing. Shadowrun Returns DMS and Dragonfall both made a great impression on me. I cared about the characters and what happened to them! But most of all, I must say the Karma system and the different skill paths make this game awesome. Sci-fi meets Fantasy is done right by harebrained schemes! I urge you to buy this game and experience it for yourself. Personally, I find the Decker class is my favorite, but do whatever you want (I'm thinking of trying out a mage or street samurai). Hope to see you guys out on the streets running the shaows soon!"
,Recommended,234650,10589635,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bulletspunge,"A pretty fun tactical turn based RPG with a powerhouse of an editor for making your own stories.The matrix was a little disappointing for me, but I'm not sure what I expected. Honestly they did a really good job at all of this and get many a gold star from me for the editor they provide. One of the best RPG editors ever.And if you enjoy the shadowrun universe, theres lots and lots of potential here, yet it only comes with a little taste of pre-made action. Still, very fun, and I've enjoyed it quite a bit and look forward to playing some of the custom campaigns in the works, maybe even making one for myself"
76561198068927562,Not Recommended,234650,33753608,Posted: 23 July,all,Panda V4,"Sluggish UI. And game breaking bugs.If you still decide to purchase this game than for gods sake dont play a character whose main combat skills are drones. Late in the game there is  place which will freeze you character if you have any drones equipped. It cant be circumvented without unequiping the drones. So if you cant fight without them, you wont be able to finish the game.The art is gorgeous though."
,Recommended,234650,10018766,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Doone,"Turn-based strategy games are having somewhat of a revival the past few years and Shadowrun is a MUST-HAVE for anyone who enjoys turn-based strategic combat. The original comes with one campaign, but to buy the game for the campaign is to miss it's true value: it comes with an editor that allows you to create your own campaigns and it's fairly simple to use. It ships with highly detailed documentation so even if you don't know how to use it out of the box, it only takes 5 minutes of reading the wiki until you're making your own game. When you buy this you're not just buying the box, but a community of game designers with dozens of excellent campaigns and stories to experience. Shadowrun is about immersing yourself in the dark world of a cyberpunk future. It relies heavily on storytelling and it does an excellent job. Expect a wonderful original story, a tool to craft your own, and an opportunity to be part of a community of brilliant writers who make even more campaigns for you to enjoy. With Shadowrun, what you're getting is a community."
76561198038963412,Recommended,234650,11162612,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"10/10Firstly I have to say that it's everything I hoped for in a conversion of the old dice and paper game.Of course, if you remember playing the original game you already own this game.For the others a rundown:* Aninvestigationbased RPG (there's a lot of talking, and point and click evidence gathering)* Turn based combat with perks similar to a less buggy Omerta. or a better version of Xcom EU.* Character customisation where classes really do change the gameplay and some skills can make a massive difference to encounters.*Massive modding community to keep you in fresh stories after you end the campaign here (which is sadly a bit short for an RPG)*Well balanced difficulty, some challenges, but no rage-quit moments."
,Recommended,234650,8145701,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CitizenErased,"If you're a fan of RPGs, Cyberpunk & Noir mixed together with some XCOM: Enemy Unknown tactical combat, then you can pretty much get it all in one package by buying this game. I've personally never played the first Shadowrun, but Returns has me intrigued with its awesome soundtrack of synth-electronic tunes and a few interesting characters. Like in true old-school fashion there's no voice acting, which when it comes down to it, is an afterthought anyway. Good voice acting & Bad voice acting can certainly affect the playability of the story, but If voice acting is a most then you'll find none of it here. This is a game for peeps who are looking for an old-fashioned RPG and I'd say it succeeds at that. Despite its flaws, such as the absence of a save feature in exchange for an auto-save function and rather short length; It's damn good!"
,Recommended,234650,8062634,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Shizwack,"8.0Pros:-Challenging turn-based combat-Fantastic writing-Unique setting and backdrop-Fun missions/questsCons:-No save feature outside of changing areas/load screens-Too short for an isometric RPG (with the engine, it just seems they could have done so much more)-Little variety in weapons/armor/items"
,Recommended,234650,7999205,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,iamaneviltaco,"Edit: Updated for the newest patch.Shadowrun returns tries *really hard* to be a great game. It's got a great history in tabletop roleplay, and the super nintendo shadowrun might be the most overlooked RPG of all time. The framework is definitely laid to make this one of the best retro gaming experiences of the last few years. Sadly, a lack of attention to detail often holds it back. Simple things, like healing kits in the store before the last fight, have been flat out overlooked or left out. It may be intentional, however there are enough times that it happens that it really feels like the game was slightly rushed. Another great example of this is the decking system. Decking itself is fun, if a bit tedious at times. However, there are 3 missions in the entire game that actually allow you to deck. And the times there are decking quests? One requires you to take an npc along as a sidekick (not bad, all things considered). The next decking mission? The npc *has to* do it, you don't even help. I realize there may be plot reasons, but where it ends up is that there's an entire skill tree that they literally only let you use twice. My first run was a decker, and I got through 3/4ths of the game before I got to actually use the skills I built for. Frustrating doesn't describe it. Another issue is how healing magic only heals the last attack to hit you. Mobs love throwing a big hit, then pinging you for 1 damage. This wouldn't even be an issue, except for the fact that you have limited medkits, and can't force your helpers to pick em up on the fly. Either you get them, or they go to your stash. This isn't an issue in combat mode, but you can't toggle combat mode manually, so if you're out of a fight? Hope you're the medic, because you're the one getting the health packs. Movement can be equally tricky, especially when it starts getting crowded. Misclicks, clicks in wrong places, moving instead of attacking (the worst of the bunch, as it's pretty easy to die if you're not behind cover) are commonplace if you're not careful. Add the ability to manually enter combat mode at any time (so npcs can pick stuff up), or inventory management on the fly, mixed with a bit of an easier way to move to a specific location in a crowd? A lot of my problems would immediately go away.Shadowrun combat is fun and engaging. There's a deep variety of skills and abilities that all influence the battle field in different ways. Mage-based spellcasting feels powerful, especially if you beef yourself up to be able to take a hit (you'll have to) and stand on a ley line. Rigging is a *blast*, if a bit frustrating as they only allow one of each drone type per tier. This means, if you want 2 attack drones? One's gonna suck a bit. Summoning, similarly, is a ton of fun and feels really powerful. They put quite a few free summoning points in the game, it's one of the few ways you can use the environment against your enemy. As for Adepts? They are a bit under-utilized, IMO. Right now they're heavily melee focused, and take a lot of finesse to get full use out of, because you're so skill-thin. Body for HP, Quickness because Dodge, Strength for melee attacks and the attack focus skill, Will for Chi Casting. Late bloomer doesn't describe them, even the supposedly super-awesome npc you pick up near the end isn't all that impressive. And, without spoilers, he's one of the strongest characters in the entire Shadowrun canon.The campaign's difficulty is incredibly well balanced. I was thrilled when even my biggest indestructible troll still had to take cover from time to time, because becoming fully immortal is impossible when your enemies have fully automatic machine guns. Some of the UGC (actually, most of it I've played to this point) doesn't have the same light touch, though, making swapping from the official campaign a pretty steep learning curve. The only real issue with the main campaign is length. It's incredibly short, especially for this style of game. Lots of people lament the fact that it's a fairly linear experience, but I personally enjoyed that. Not every game needs to be a sandbox, and Shadowrun Returns has a very distinct story to tell. Some may feel shoehorned, but I just enjoyed going along for the ride. The writing in the main campaign is *fantastic* and easily the strongest thing about it. They paid a lot of attention to detail, and really worked a lot of the flavor of the shadowrun world into their story. I *love* the big bad, as well. They definitely swung for the fences with the nemesis in dead man's switch. This is a great touch, since I know a lot of us pnp shadowrun players have fond memories of them. As well, major and well known players in the shadowrun universe make cameos, and some may even join your team. There's a great early nod to the snes shadowrun game that really set a great tone. This game pays obvious respect to what came before it. The fact that Jordan Weisman was responsible for this is very apparent in the plot and tone. Also, for those wanting a sandbox style adventure? Dragonfall is very much along those lines.The graphics, as well, are spot on. The game feels fun, and cartoony, and really captures the essence of the shadowrun universe. Hyperkinetic neon and chrome, with a touch of Tolkien fantasy, blend together oddly well. None of it feels out of place. My only qualms about the background art boil down to there not being enough of them, which becomes a problem with UGC as it all starts to look exactly the same. The sprites are also well designed, if a bit generic at times (I'm looking at you, every troll in the game), and the game wouldn't hurt for the option of using different faces/body types. The sound? Meh. The soundtrack is fun at first, but quickly gets repetitive. I tend to turn off the music and put on some industrial while I play, or other music suitable for shadowrun. After the first playthrough, or even the first few hours? You probably will too.UGC... It's the elephant in the room. UGC is a great idea in theory, and supposedly a high selling point for the game. The ability to create your own worlds, and play the worlds other people create, is *fantastic* on paper. And sometimes, it even works in execution. This is seeming to be the exception to the rule. UGC suffers from the same thing it does in most other games that feature it. It's uneven, balance is often lacking, the plots are frequently very weak, and... Well... It was made by the community, with all of the lack of polish that entails. There are a few *strong* exceptions to this rule, but it seems overall like the ones with the great plot lack any semblance of combat balance. As well, and as mentioned, the art assets get rather repetitive. A lot of the UGC just looks cut-and-paste, which is probably because they are. On the upside, sourcebooks from the original pen and paper game being fully converted into the game, and heavily fine tuned. Some of the creators have done a lot of work adding even more customization options, which is *amazing*. The major downfall to UGC is already becoming apparent post-Dragonfall, however. A few of the people responsible for large conversion kits or well known adventures have walked away, because the expansion completely broke their work. It's the same problem the UGC community of the first Neverwinter Nights faced, with every new expansion comes 10-20 hours of work to put your mods back together again.Overall, this game is fantastic. It's got some quirks, but Dragonfall cleaned up a lot of bugs or issues that were once holding it back. This is solid retro gaming.8/10"
,Recommended,234650,11120257,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,carry_gun,"Very nice tactics game with a twisted original plot (and a whole bunch of DLC campaigns), although overfilled with loads of texts."
,Recommended,234650,7746803,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9YgHuIhuRQ
,Recommended,234650,9708036,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Polite People,"Shadowrun Returns is one of the best old-school RPGs I've ever played. Dragonfall DLC makes it even better.Brilliant writing, thick plot, smart turn-based combat and multiple choices that actually matter - all these features fit together into an amazingly fun and addictive concoction.If you're thinking about getting this game, go grab Dragonfall campaign as well - you can come to thank me later."
,Recommended,234650,8022348,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Roast Beef,"Turn based strategy with a strong RPG layer. This game was made so modders could create campaigns and stuff.The main story isnt it all, check for more at the Workshop.Did i already say Turn based strategy with a strong RPG layer? ah yes sorry :DIt may not be the most visually appealing game but since i dont care about that. What i need from a game is fun gameplay and replay value and this kind of game offers me just that. For much lower price than those bigger company games.P.S.: i dont work for Harebrained lol."
,Recommended,234650,8754817,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"As a gamer constantly looking for as immersive as possible and varying different experiences, it felt as if I found a gold mine just for myself after 1 hour within Shadowrun Returns.The game runs as half tactic combat, half story. Both are very well made and entertaining, but where the game truly excells is the story. At first I was put off by the lack of voice in the game. Why are the pretty and detailed avatars with excessive and rich language representing the dialogue, entirely silent? I dig around options looking for volume slider, but there was none. Some minutes of gaming later I realized the person who wrote the story, descriptions, and dialogue lines is a pure genious. Reading your way into the world of Shadowrun is like reading a truly well written novel. I really really hope the person behind these texts continues the work in the next Shadowrun game.Thus, the game world is immersive, colourful, rich. There is zero point in spoiling the story, but it should suffice to say that it is very good and that♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down in unexpected extremely well written ways. The world of the game is not so big, but the way it is presented and through the richness of details you get a sense that it is huge, living, and real, and that there are so many more interesting &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥going down"" kind of things going on besides your own story.Sahdowrun's RPG elements are not very deep but fun and engaging enough to encourage even several playthroughs.I would suggest Shadowrun Returns to anyone interested in a truly good story or immersive world, or those who like tactical combat. The game is truly bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198003163927,Recommended,234650,9033545,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,MG,"I managed to pick this up on a steam sale a while back. My friend suggested I just pirate it because the game wouldn't be worth 15 euro. How wrong he was! I've just come off finishing this entire game in one sitting, and the reason for that is because the game is that good.The game comes with one campaign which is called 'dead man's switch'. This is the campaign the developpers made and is a very good showcase of what you can do in Shadowrun returns. The story sucks you in and the entire realistic atmosphere gives off a gritty blade runner feeling. You actually feel the grime that exists in the world and the parallels to our world are scarily frequent.The gameplay itself is a blast, you play the game using a self constructed avatar which you assign a 'class'. Which can be broken down into a fighter, monk, mage, summoner, hacker and trapper. The game then divides the points into the needed categories and from there you are free to specialise your character how you see fit. This gives you an insane amount of customisation as far as your character is concerned. Besides yourself you can hire help to go along on the runs (missions), you can preview their stats and items before picking them and during the mission you are free to control them as you see fit.The game also contains a lot of dialogue which helps to flesh out the living and breathing world. You sometimes get choices which you feel will have some impact later on along the line, sadly you generally don't see any effect from your choices besides alternate ways of attack something or something being worth more or being more expensive.I suggest anyone to atleast give shadowrun a try, the game is really fun, able to pull you into it's world and the challenge it provides is just right in my opinion. Despite in the last mission the two 'superior' characters being weaker then my own dwarf.""Reality can be found in the shadows"""
,Recommended,234650,7923817,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ongoingwhy,"The world of Shadowrun Returns is based on the tabletop RPG Shadowrun. As such, the lore is well established and will certainly please many cyberpunk fans. When you purchase Shadowrun Returns, don't expect to be satisfied with ""Dead Man's Switch"", the campaign that comes pre-installed with it. No, you are buying this game in order to run user generated campaigns set in the world of Shadowrun. In my opinion, ""Dead Man's Switch"" is merely a way for the developers to show the capabilities of the game engine and how much you can do with the campaign editor. With that said, ""Dead Man's Switch"" is around 6 hours long and features a rather linear but interesting story. In this campaign, a fellow shadowrunner that you knew hires you to avenge him for a hundred thousand nuyen, through the use of a dead man's switch. You travel to Seattle in order to find the killer and get paid, but as luck would have it, it involves plenty of jumping through hoops. Once you complete the campaign, you'll find yourself wanting more and that can be easily solved through a quick browse in the Steam workshop."
76561198102805525,Not Recommended,234650,8907154,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Bdog737,Not enough content for the price
,Not Recommended,234650,32362713,Posted: 12 June,all,Corvo,"This game is not bad, but I wouldnt recommend it. Its just very simple and linear, which wasnt what I was expecting.I havent beaten the game but from what I played the story is decent, nothing special. You dont really have any choice, the game will move on regardless of what you do, without any branching options. The biggest issue is that theres no side quests for you take at your own pace, what you can choose is how to assemble your team and equip it. The non-story ones wont even talk.I also disliked the combat. It feels shallow but honestly theres plenty of options although I feel they dont really add much to the game. My impression is that you dont have to adapt or choose the right skill at the right time. The Artificial Intelligence is weak and sometimes seems to just rush towards your squad.The levels are well made and the art style is pleasing. You barely interact with the map, exploring is limited but can be rewarding.I think if you are a huge shadowrun fan, this game can be quite interesting and worth a try. But if you want something more complex and with good gameplay, better to skip this title."
76561198037517504,Recommended,234650,11044317,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Red Duke,"I was never one for isometric RPG's however I did a bit of research on this game and what attracted me the most was its setting. The gritty, dark, futuristic fantasy setting is portrayed quite well in the game in terms of its art style, environmental design and the text based descriptions of your encounters. By itself the default campaign can seem quite restricted. As though its trying to give you the illusion that your decisions impacts everything differently when its more than likely going to play out the same way. However I was still compelled to go on because I found the story somewhat interesting and simply enjoyed getting engrossed in the world Shadowrun Returns puts you in.  The combat itself is simple but it doesn't seem like it would get repetitive fast for me.What makes this game worth it for me though would be the wide array of user made content I see int he Steam workshop. Some of them seem well made and I intend to put more hours into them once I'm through the main campaign."
,Recommended,234650,11054504,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LolerTron,"I have been role playing 4th edition for a few years now and i have to say when i backed this and SR online i had really high hopes especially because of the people who were making it. i got to say SRO still needs alot of work but it is getting there.now SRR is a game to behold, the first one holds up well and as a game is good but lacked something i could not put my finger on. the customization is good even if it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up the skills making it possible to be just about anything you want to be.i understand that games have limits and as a player you want to be anything possible and since the SNES does allow you to be just about anything as well i will let that slide.Turn base combat works well with the amount of players you will be playing with and who you are up against and even if it might give you the impression that its slow paced the way it carries itself will feel very fluid and fast you will be scratching at the keys hoping that lost shotgun shell wont finish off one of your runners.Now let me get to Dragonfall, this game has it all and i am still so thrilled to be playing it, the runs feel like a typical milk run but it will always turn south and bad things become worse everytime. the plot devices for characters is rich and want you to keep looking for more even if they are side characters. this truely feels like a shadowrun game and it should be enjoyed to the fullest as a gamer and as a role player.the feel and atmosphere of SR is there and if you are a role player yourself deffently give it a go you wont be disapointed, but if you feel SRR isnt as its holding up to be then you must get dragonfall trust me!!!"
,Recommended,234650,10991158,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Freshly Bearded,Been looking for a great RPG title that was turn-based for a while now! Love Shadowrun Returns overal great feel!
76561198034072569,Recommended,234650,10966040,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ironbug99,Fun turn based rpg with a retro feel. The story is well written and keeps you playing to see what's next.
76561197970822591,Recommended,234650,10950666,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Parker,"While I thought Dead Man's Switch was enjoyable, the game I found in Dragonfall was the one I'd hoped for. I'd give Shadowrun: Dragonfall two thumbs up, but, alas, I only have one."
76561198010373238,Recommended,234650,10890588,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Inkpool,"Sometimes you feel like shooting a guy in the face. Other times you feel like amplifying your fists with magic power and pummeling an enemy to death. Oh look, I'm hacking your system and fighting inside the Matrix.Why am I in love wth a troll? Damn. Dragonfall expansion really shines in the narrative. Highly addictive learning about your fellow group of misfits."
,Recommended,234650,10913255,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Darth Mjollnir,Fragged by Orc. Hacked by Dwarf. Incinerated by Elf. 10/10
,Recommended,234650,10941872,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sam Slage,I have not finished the first campaign but I can tell I really like the game.  It just feels like the Shadowrun pencil and paper I played and it reads like the Shadowrun novels.Being able to create stuff and use the Steam Workshop is a great bonus too.
,Recommended,234650,10936590,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lupin The Wolf,"Great game, awesome story, a few problems but fun all the same! Can't wait to play the DLC!"
,Recommended,234650,10937901,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,B1gC4bb4g3,This game is one of the best interpretations of the Shadowrun setting. Worth every buck and especially with all community adventures you're up for a long set of adventures!
76561197980866050,Recommended,234650,10940767,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,iuravi,"The audiovisual ambiance, player character development, and combat mechanics are all the 'just about right' range, allowing for a game experience that is nuanced without being bogged down by too much complexity, but the thing you should play this game for is the story - the 'cyberpulp' writing brings the setting to life in a way that hearkens back to a time when a game's box art almost always fit the narrative better than it fit the in-game footage."
,Recommended,234650,10918065,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Caimbul,Huge Shadowrun fan.. Welcome back to the Sprawl!
76561198008053720,Recommended,234650,10921295,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,steempvnc1880,Been interested in Shadowrun for a long time. Tried and failed to get a tabletop game running with people. Until I do this game is more than enough for my fix of Cyberpunk/Fantasy fusion.
,Recommended,234650,10921770,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jwbrown77,"Fun, old school cRPG.  Recommended."
,Recommended,234650,10923328,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GenericChick,"Great, mysterious plot and addicting game-play"
76561197968963693,Recommended,234650,10925624,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MilkToast,"Great game, reminds me of the old SNES shadowrun while going through one of the more interesting plotlines of Shadowrun"
76561198034301645,Recommended,234650,10684764,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kamameel,"For a  turn based, and thus slow paced, game this is a pretty solid buy (especially on sale). The original mission is kind of short but the Dragonfall DLC is longer and more enjoyable. Also, the DLCs which I am just starting to get into are prety solid. I'm a big fan of ond SNES style RPGs which is why I wanted to try this game, and I wasn't dissapointed.ONLY COMPLAINTThere isn't a lot of replay value in the main mission, and there are not a lot of weapons/spells/equipment choices to keep you coming back and trying new thins with the same character class. Once you've played through with a class, it kind of loses its novelty."
,Recommended,234650,10686490,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ape Stone,"This game is great.  It uses the rules very well, and is so much fun.  My only complaint is that I lost track of time while playing and stayed up way too long.  It feels like the table top RPG come to life."
76561198123634756,Recommended,234650,10522238,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,rat152,"Lives up to the classic I played years ago. Not as improved as it could be, very dated if your comparing it to open world and procedurally generated. Even look back to Diablo or fallout tatics it is still a bit clunky. I am really hoping for a building assault, muti floor action. Where one of my runners gets knocked out a window but grapples his way back in maybe a floor or two lower. Did you guys play some new XCOM recently? can you imagine a decker across the street in another bulding maybe with a sniper and a squad fighting their way up to be in a cross fire another runner team on another mission. will it be enemy of my enemy or just another target."
,Recommended,234650,12014457,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,chrynoble,Not only are the two main campaigns really good. The crowd created adventures are fun as well.
76561197993682658,Recommended,234650,12568345,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Chokolada,"Needs longer story and more missions, otherwise awesome."
,Recommended,234650,9489927,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Reed,"Shadowrun Returns is a fun and relatively simple cyberpunk rpg. The underlying systems have some weaknesses and punish character builds that don't specialize. However, the sense of adventure is great throughout and the game is the perfect length so as to not allow the combat mechanics to overstay their welcome. The editor is too complex for myself and possibly most people who were expecting something on the level of the original Neverwinter Nights, and this means that there won't be many well-made user generated campaigns which is a shame.The Dragonfall DLC campaign is even better than the base game."
76561198117835365,Recommended,234650,11133487,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,elcamelloilustrado,"Shadowrun Returs is a good game, and the GNU/Linux port is nicely done. If you like the Shadowrun world stuff perhaps you'll find it a bit limited, but in my opinion it's quite accurate. The included editor makes a lot of new homemade material avaliable out there. And, of course, the Dragonfall mission is even better.All perfect for Shadowrun stuff fans and casual gamers, but perhaps not a big deal for hardcore gamers. I must say, I loved it at first sight!"
,Recommended,234650,10012461,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Vex,"Fantastic game. Has the feel of the SNES version only better. Great mechanics, superb sound and music. Couldn't ask for a better Shadowrun computer game."
76561198057656187,Recommended,234650,9412923,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,calebknox_194,Sam should have solved his own damn murder before he died...humph! recommended haven't completed feels like xcomtype of style
76561197976285957,Recommended,234650,11147357,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,b9chomps,"Overview:Pros:-	2D environments and portraits-	Interesting characters-	great writing-	refreshing setting-	diverse skill systemCons:-	3D effects-	linear story-	story goes a little off the rail in the final act-	endgame fights (enemies appear out of nowhere, required party members)RPGs are my favorite genre. Nevertheless I didn’t enjoy recent RPGs like I used to. Yes, they might have great graphics, good gameplay mechanics or a well-crafted skill system, but the one aspect I find them lacking is the storytelling. Shadowrun Returns is an exception.Before I start getting into the details, I have to say I watched several gameplay and review videos before I picked it up. To be honest – I wasn’t impressed. Even though the hand-crafted 2D environments are gorgeous and vivid, the character models as well as the visual effects are far from impressive. Nevertheless, I gave it a shot and I wasn’t disappointed.The Shadowrun universe combines Cyberpunk aspects with the return of magic and metahumans in a futuristic world. The player slips into the role of a shadowrunner, an operative who will steal, infiltrate, hack and kidnap for the right price. The protagonist has to deal with powerful corporations, corruption, mythical creatures and fellow shadowrunners to survive.When it comes to creating a character that is your own, Shadowrun excels. You can choose between five races you might find in a fantasy RPG (human, elf, dwarf, ork, troll), which feel quite fresh in this unfamiliar setting. Your character can choose from six pre-made classes:-	Street Samurai: become a gun-wielding or close-range killing machine-	Mage: Fireballs, buffs and Debuffs. The familiar choice.-	Decker: jack into the Matrix to fight security systems with your programs-	Rigger: use small drones to support your team or deal damage-	Shaman: use totems or summon spirits to defeat your enemies-	Adept: use magic to enhance your own abilities, making yourself a weaponFurthermore you can also start from scratch and spend Karma points and create your own experience. Technoshaman? Combat Decker? Everything is possible, as long as you don’t spread the Karma points too thin. Skill checks are quite common in dialogue options and spending some points in Charisma or Intelligence can be worthwhile.The inventory system is quite rudimentary. Characters wear an outfit and can carry up to three weapons. Everyone can carry up to six consumables and Magic users as well as Deckers have a spellbook with up to six slots. To further improve skills or stats, cyberware can be implanted. However this results in increased cooldowns for spells.The gameplay revolves around a team of up to 4 shadowrunners. During the majority of the game you can hire a team and choose them depending on your group dynamics. Or your cash on hand, since shadowrunners don’t work for free. The combat system is round-based and reminds of Fallout 1 & 2. Action points have to be spend wisely to move, attack or use consumables like medkits and grenades.You have to read!Where many games try to tell their stories with cutscenes and voice acting, Shadowrun Returns presents the story with superb writing. Whenever you travel to a new location or meet a character the situation is beautifully described before you have to worry about combat or dialogue choices. Combined with vibrant character portraits, the characters you encounter feel alive.The different races and classes offer replayability. My first playthrough (normal, Human Decker) took 9+ hours. Due to the familiarity with enemy placement and linear storyline, my second run (very hard, Dwarf Mage) took a little over five hours. I can see myself coming back to try out different classes, however for now I’m enjoying the Dragonfall DLC (very hard, Troll Adept).I would highly recommend this game to players who enjoy round-based RPGs, which concentrate on storytelling."
76561197980569989,Recommended,234650,9311634,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Cutter,"I can now give this game a thumbs up with the Dragonfall content. This is what the game should have been from the outset and it's a major all around improvement. Make no mistake, this is still CRPG-lite, but for price it's worthwhile. I can only hope Harebrained keeps pumping out DLC of this caliber - and continues to improve the game - as well as assets to give the game longevity from the community making mods out there."
76561198074994585,Recommended,234650,9325675,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,M3D1C,"Definitely nostalgic of the original Shadowrun on SNES.  An epic 'SQUEE' could probably be heard down the block when Jake Armitage crawled off of the slab in his cameo.  In any case, the turn based combat leaves a little bit to be desired from the original but all in all is actually fairly well thought out.  Positioning for cover, positioning behind enemies gives a melee boost, shotgun spread, etc.I've always been a HUGE fan of cyberpunk games that follow the whole, 'end of days' type feel.  World populated by multimillion dollar corporations that make the decisions now, street gangs that control most of the slums, implanted datajacks to interface with computers.  This one definitely hit me in my nostalgia bone, but with an updated twist.Bravo... bravo!"
76561198027430395,Recommended,234650,9348418,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Mr Snugglepants,"Okay. Have you played Shadowrun the tabletop RPG? Me neither. The closest i've ever gotten to playing Shadowrun before this game was the counterstrike ripoff on the Xbox 360 (not that it was bad or anything. They just went a very ""safe"" route with it).I had no idea what the setting was. What everything was called. Why in a cyberpunk futuristik setting where would be elves, Dwarfs and trolls. Did i learn anything about that in game? Nope! I did however find it online and i did get a bit intrested in the setting.""So we get that you like the setting of the game. Is it any good? Is it worth my 14 bucks? (Or something like that.))"" Yes, Absolutly. The game is pretty cheap and it has workshop support AKA you'll be old before you run out of content. The community makes content for this all the time and if you would so choose you could make your own pretty easily. They give you all the tools.The main story that comes with the game is a nice touch and it's a pretty decent story too! It's not bad at all but it isnt great. It's good not great. Just a bit of a fair warning on that front.The only thing i wish was in there was some sort of multiplayer. But that would be long and frikking annoying with all the slow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s going ""HMMMMMMM, i wonder if i should heal that guy over there that just took a katana to the face or if i should throw a ineffectual ball of magic at the baddie that use said katana. Let me think about if for 10 min. Calculating every possibility for every move i make for the next what should be 2 hours made 12 thanks to me!""But it doesnt have multiplayer anyway so no real rush. Besides the elitist ♥♥♥♥ers in the world would probably make the game unplayable anyway.SO is the game good? YES. Should you buy it? YUP! Will i go to make a snack after this? probably!"
,Recommended,234650,9327321,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr Logon,The Game is Great and the New DLC is awesome Fixed alot of the issue in the main game. :)
,Recommended,234650,9335491,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Rocks In My Dryer,"Whether you're a fan of the Shadowrun franchise or not, this is a great tactics game. The campaign is a lot of fun and user-generated content is constantly being updated."
76561197970758840,Recommended,234650,9370876,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,michiel.en.hildegard,"Love it...Just play your own music, because it gets pretty annoying."
,Recommended,234650,9355733,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,JAM,"Dragonfall fulfils all the potential that Shadowrun Return's first campaign, Deadman's Switch, showed. This is an old-school, turn-based RPG in a cyber-fantasy setting, featuring a complex and fascinating story.Plus: it has orcs with machine guns and a dragon CEO. And that, my friends, is factually awesome."
,Recommended,234650,9672076,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Matt.,"A quick note - I've only played Dragonfall, and have not yet touched the original campaign.This was a really well-done narrative game, with a surprisingly fun tactical component, reminiscent of x-com (and the upcoming Wasteland 2).  While linear, the game did a stellar job of making it not feel linear.  The narrative was rather strong, and kept me interested the entirety of the way through.  The author's of the game clearly knew the setting well (as one would hope with the creator of the setting being on the team), and knew what elements worked well and wouldn't work well in the world.There are some caveots: there were some bugs which cropped up periodically, that if I hadn't been regularly saving would have forced me to restart the mission.  (On the other hand, at least this game would let you restart the mission without too much fuss).  There were some instances of some items dissapearing permanently if I didn't pick them up.  Another big issue is the lack of ability to change my party member's gear, or to even control them outside of combat.Overall, this is one of the strongest narrative games I have played in a long while.  Even some annoyances (and the inability to give weapons I find to party members is a big one for me) were unable to dissuade me from finishing the game.  I can't stop talking about this game to my friends, and perhaps you won't be able to either."
76561198030460425,Recommended,234650,9691235,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,vmspot,Historinha bem legal ! Bastantes escolhas !
76561198013726938,Recommended,234650,9699174,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Weaselmonkey,"With 54 hours of me playing the Core story, expansion pack, and community created content at time of writing, this defintiely deserves a recommendation from me. This is shadowrun. There's not really another good way to put it. Between the fun tactical gameplay, classless character creation, and honestly pretty good graphics, it's a fun and solid game in it's own right, but the community created content is the icing on the cake. The initial campaign sells the game slightly short, in my opinion. It's fun, but it goes a little out of it's way to be a showcase of all the different options available to characters and content creators. If you get the game, and like the mechanics, buy dragonfall. I've sunk over 12 hours into this expansion, and it's a wonderful, character driven journey in a living, responsive environment full of intertesting people. And I'm still a couple of missions from the end. Don't worry too much about the deluxe edition of the standard game, but the core game and Dragonfall are worth every penny."
76561198015727313,Recommended,234650,9382516,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,xblacktar,"This game is great, it definitely brings back fond memories of playing other great RPgs, Fallout, NVN, Torment, etc. If you are an RPG nerd, then you will definitely enjoy this game. Plus the level editor is awesome! Always new user created content to check out! Stop reading this and buy it already!"
,Recommended,234650,9406292,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Shoitaan,"Good game for the price with decent gameplay and an interesting story. I must say though that I wasn't 100% behind the game till the recent patch as the previous checkpoint save system isn't good for someone doing a PhD. But thanks to aforementioned patch, I was able to slowly finish the game and quite enjoyed it. I hear the expansion phenomenally better so I'm looking forward to moving onto that soon."
76561198176686373,Recommended,234650,29981849,Posted: 17 February,all,Neolamon,"Great game. Not quite a classic, but good enough anyone's itch for a well-made turn-based RPG. So glad to have come across this game. Well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,234650,964612,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Sarklor,"Slick, well presented, excellent music and character options in and out of combat. Main campaign might be short, but with the editor included it won't be long before you'ew up to your eyeballs in free new campaigns. Well worth the cash."
76561198067259268,Recommended,234650,10013571,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Growlingclaw,It makes you feel like you were back in the shadows with your dice and charcter sheet yet visually stunning as well.
,Recommended,234650,10018302,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Terrier,"Bought this to get myself back in to RPGs and for less than £4 it was a steal! Immersive story and the ability to play as both your main character and hired mercenaries means plays style is always varied. As well as this the story is very gripping and the turn based combat system keeps you constantly thinking of tactics, overall very good game in my opinion."
76561198078421272,Recommended,234650,10018720,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,10 years to save grandad,"I cannot put into words how much I love this game. There really are not enough good RPGs out there nowadays, this is an example, something to measure any RPGs by. Shadowrun is unique in many ways, most good. But before I start my big parade on how amazing this game is, let's look at the negatives. There is no adjustable difficulty setting, which I think is a plus but most look at as a bad. It can be repetitive, and sometimes a little bit clunky and unresponsive, but this factors don't occur often, I mean it is and RPG so you will be doing somethings more than you'd like to. And now the positives, there's a lot. This game is old school, in difficulty, its isometric layout and dialogue etc. The game has no speaking, so there is a bit of reading. Characters are memorable, and the fight system is superb. Choosing your crew is essential to living long enough to get paid, and you really feel like the little things you do actually will matter at some later point, and they mostly do. I love it so much, and I think it has set a new standard for its genre."
76561198006924493,Recommended,234650,9294098,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Khorvale,"A great little game if you like cyberpunk, turn-and-text-based RPGs. While the original campaign Dead Man's Switch can be rather linear, the DLC Dragonfall (which is a full game in it's own right) provides a great roleplaying story that anyone who likes turn-based RPGs shouldn't miss.Also, features a very capable editor that will allow to build your own runs or campaigns, if you feel like it.Definitely recommended!"
76561197967662463,Recommended,234650,9331851,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Spaldini,"Shadowrun Returns Dragonfall DLC was the game Shadowrun Returns should have been at launch (not 9 months later!).Great cyberpunk plot, interesting characters, I stayed up playing all night the story was gripping!Reminded me of good times I spent tabletopping Shadowrun back in the day."
,Recommended,234650,9348666,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jackrabbit_V6,"While the first campaign, ""the death mans switch"" has great storytelling, it is appearent that it´s just the first baby steps that the company took for shadowrun returns.that becomes specially clear, when you play the DLC, Dragonfall... it is a HUGE improvement on so many levels, that i can´t point them all out here...Great storytelling is the special strenghth of SR:R, and with many sideplots, active decisions that matter, a more polished world that immediately drives you into the Shadowrun universe, lot´s of additional weapons, cyberwear and other stuff, Dragonfall makes huge steps into the right direction.HBS (the developer) activelly listened (and still does) to their players. bringing lot´s of the improvements that the community asked for.So: if you are an oldschool RPG fan, or just someone who likes to read great stories, you aren´t grafx-b***ing and can appreciate low-budget-huge-dedication,  plus you want to support one of the few small developers who really put all their heart into their game and interacts with their community then i can only recommend you buy both SR:Returns + Dragonfall... for that price you get several hours of great entertainment in a Cyberpunk/Fantasy crossover setting.SR:R is what it is... Shadowrun at it´s ultimate core"
76561198004520356,Recommended,234650,9355810,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,campmasta,"I had never played the SNES version of this game.  But I was absolutley hooked on the Sega Genesis version.  This new rendition of a classic is, to say the least, Fraggin' awesome!!  The good people at Harebrained Schemes really deliver a terrific balance of new technique and classicly proven rpg elements.  Whether your here for some good old fashioned turned based RPG combat, or to lose yourself in a great story I'd recommend this game.Game-play, controls, mechanics all come pretty standard with this game.  Its a ""tutorial-while-you-play"" learning curve.  The dev's manage to balance it decently.  If youre new to RPG's, and turn-based combat, you might have a slight up hill battle learning the in's and out's of the game.  But if your a fly by fan, or hardcore RPG junkie, you'll find it easy and intuitive.Again, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,234650,9423469,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,muEkkE,"The original campaign was more than very solid, after getting into the whole theme, I had hours of great entertainment. The Dragonfall DLC is amazing so far, it really gives you the feeling of being part and being able to change this mature world. You have your own group of shadowrunner, lots of choices, lots of different classes and skills, weapons and ingame content to explore. I am amazed by the quality of this game. Combined with an editor and a very active modding scene, it's worth every single cent."
,Recommended,234650,9513016,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Shlimmy,"Solid gameplay elements, but little content."
,Recommended,234650,9915056,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,gues who (hint vegas),Best 2d/3d kinda roleplayish. Awesome story and fighting. Really great fighting style with the type of view.
76561198030056338,Recommended,234650,9948914,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Mano Cornuta,Story A+Turn based combat A+Immersion A+Replay factor A+
76561198009200156,Recommended,234650,9989327,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,neotruth,"This was one of those games that was incredibly fun to play and it was worth every penny, but you also saw how much more there could be simply due to how well everything else worked. Simply more of exactly what you saw to allow deeper progressions, more missions, more.... You saw incredible buildings that were never used, etc...I highly recommend the game, certainly. Buy it. I just like it enough, and the pieces all seem to be there, to know that time may have prevented this from being completely fleshed out. I await more!!!"
,Recommended,234650,10044579,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Movian,"VERY fun game, the included campaign is VERY short though.I am happy I picked up the expansion campaign as part of a bundle am hoping that it will be a little longer.Imerses you into an interesting world with interesting things going on."
,Recommended,234650,10090977,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Weirdseed,"""The next CoD""-IGN 11/10"
76561198117071865,Recommended,234650,10102491,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,FailCommander,"Engaging plot, much user generated content so there is always something new to explore, turn based combat is smooth and really makes you think. And I don't need to rool about a hundered D6 averytime I shoot at somehting.... Pure Awesome"
,Recommended,234650,10144956,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,beanmix,Old school turn-based style combat and gaming ... nostalgic.
,Recommended,234650,10280844,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gryphonsword,elf boobs and drug addicted orcs. sure.
,Recommended,234650,10027934,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,trn,"Picked this up on offer this Bank Holiday weekend and have really enjoyed it. I have yet to explore the additional content (which looks really good) so this refers only to the main campaign 'Dead Man's Switch'. I enjoyed the Shadowrun universe, the characters were almost consistently interesting, the dialogue options fun and there was enough variety on offer to warrant two or three play-throughs (well, almost three, more on that later). In fact, this game has inspired me to learn more about Shadowrun - a marketing success, for sure!Character creation allows for a lot of customisation, either from one of the standard templates or free-form (the latter allows some creative combinations once you've got the hang of the gameplay mechancis). While there is a lot of replayability in character classes (you'll have a different experience as an Adept than as a Decker, for instance) it struck me that my playthrough as a decker (who can hack into the 'Matrix' and fight additional combat scenarios within computer programmes) allowed greater access to content and secrets. A shame as I did feel the game was sort of pushing me to play as a decker, and while this is an interesting and challenging character class, it limits your access to combat and magic specialisations.My main criticisms are that even a year after release I kept encountering bugs - including a major game-breaking bug that meant I could not finish a level. In short, it simply would not end combat or allow me to initiate dialogue at one point, even when the combat was over and dialogue bubbles were above people's heads. This was a pain and recurred again even after a level restart. Other criticisms were niggling and broke the immersion rather than the game - playing as a troll, for instance, didn't change dialogue options to a playthrough as a human or as an elf - which was a shame (bar one person calling me a racist name) and I'd loved to have used the in-game mechanic of building your own gang to go on more than just main plot missions. A couple of side missions could have helped me diversify my character build, get some better equipment and feel more prepared to take on the end of game boss on the hardest difficulty.The game itself is focused on a single short story (took me about 8 hours the first time, 5-6 after that) which felt more like an introduction to the universe than a standalone game, which is an odd design decision, but it did mean I finished the game eager for more - rather than with a 'more traditional rpg' like Baldur's Gate where I tend to get fed up well before the finale. While this focus meant a satisfying resolution to the compelling storyline, it also meant there were no side missions, no additional content and limited opportunities for exploration. While additional content looks to rectify this, most involve creating new characters, so those I created for Dead Man's Switch won't be coming with me.tl;dr - Great, immersive, colourful and engaging game that I'd rate 3.5-4/5. This score would be higher if the game was longer, featured greater variety outside combat, had opportunities for exploration and a few more side missions and didn't have game breaking bugs this long after release!"
76561197989685019,Recommended,234650,10032510,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Zorak,a damn fine RPG game. I love it.
76561198118348602,Recommended,234650,10074123,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Arxo,"I played the Sega game Shadowrun......... yes I am old.  This is a great story, and the free content is a BONUS! The DLC is a must.  For those who Play the 5th edition pen and paper version IT IS NOT THE SAME! I love the game and will continue to play it.  Keep up the good work.  It is hard to out do your first story these dooods did it with the DLC. Looking forward to the next DLC. Mabey mix in some Teconomancer.  I hope this game will inject some new blood to the 5th edition pen and paper version."
76561197988774515,Recommended,234650,10079208,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Trunk Monkey,"Good story line, the game mecanics are so-so but they player created content is nice as well. if it had multiplayer i would say its a definate buy. but otherwise wait untill its on sale."
,Recommended,234650,10083084,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Coldwings,"""Great game, great story, huge potential - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED""Awesome story, well written, almost like a graphic novel. Took me all the way to the end, for someone who had little patience for this type of strategy games this one really got me to follow through.Graphic isn't not at next gen level, but a well designed strategy game does not need to be as detailed as say the new XCOM.The mechanics of this game DOES felt like XCOM to me however, so you liked the new XCOM you will like this game! In my opinion XCOM in comparison felt a lot more like fights after fights and not enough story components.The game comes with its own level editor which gives the player community the power to build new stories and campaigns.This game can also be played on a MAC, but imho the game experience was better on the PC."
,Recommended,234650,10085219,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
,Recommended,234650,10086128,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Patchy06,"Really fun game cant wait till they release the seperate online version to play with friends, makes me want to play the table top again"
,Recommended,234650,10002189,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Josephus,"This game is amazing. Based off the fantastic RPG System, it has great tactical combat and a story with frequent twists and turns. Mix that with a campaign builder and great soundtrack and you got yourself good times ahead.Seriously though. Why haven't you bought this yet?"
76561198004579969,Recommended,234650,10010333,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,_fraggle_,"Don't expect this ""AAA gamingexperience"" you are used to see today.This is the shadowrungame i wanted to play on the computer at the time i played the pen'n paper Shadwrun. It's much text, turnbased fighting, as far as i can see according to the original rules, and gives the atmosphere it should. Immersion is great if you can accept the comicstyle and deal with immersion set by story and not by shaderblingbling.critics:- a bit more zoom, since all Caharacters are modeled lovely- card can not be rotated, but this is to be expected since ist's clearly a 2D map with 3D protagonists.Also standing ""behind"" objects has the issues you have to accept in those maps. as far as i played the developers have dealt with this issues well."
76561197982100333,Recommended,234650,10010508,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Paperboy,Dewd Sweet!
76561198057900264,Recommended,234650,10010511,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,louki,To any fans of games like fallout or X-com this is a must!!!
76561198041378518,Recommended,234650,10010660,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Tej,If you like Xcom:Enemy Unknown then this will fill the hole for you.
76561198032649693,Recommended,234650,10045167,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,shhhlee,"misleading wording on the deluxe edition and what you actually get aside, not bad for £7.  Would have liked the game to have been a bit longer but I will wait to see the extra campaign come down in price before I dip in again.  £12 is a no no based on the first run through but I would be willing to pay £6-7 again for the follow on.  I may even play the game through again with a different character, it took about 13 hours."
,Recommended,234650,10071551,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Zetsuei,"Great game, it's fun and engaging, the isometric view and the turn-based combat is nostalgic, if you're a fan of Fallout 1-2, this will satisfy you."
,Recommended,234650,9714035,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,[Redacted],"ahhhhhh, sitting back with a glass of 15 year glenlivet and a pipe in your man chair. It's hard to find a more refreshing and manlier past time....oh wait, what is this? Cyberpunk infused with a refreshing take on fantasy? In an Isometric rpg using hand crafted maps with a unique art style? I have a game to play, enough of this manly lounging about!tl;dr;  Overall 7/10. Worth the cash if your gaming plate is empty and, you want a fun rpg with decent story telling and stunning, unique, art direction and  visuals to sit back and relax with.-hardcore rpgs fans will find the Dev's campaigns lacking rpg-ness in areas-those who want the best parts of the campign will have to pay $30 for the toolset and dragonfall-it missed its calling -> it needs networking/co-op support so it can be used as a pnp campaign tool for shadowrunners. In my opinion, with these expansions added on this tool would be hands down the best way to run a pnp shadowrun campaign with friends.Shadowrun plays as a mix between old school isometric rpgs such as baldurs gate and uses a combat system similar to the new Xcom by Firaxis. Unfortunatey though the first campagin is...lacking. While a fun play through and introduction to the universe, it is necessary to buy the dragonfall campaign to truly see what this framework is capable of.However, hardcore Isometric rpg fans will find this game lacking. Side quests are few and far between, you have no control over how your npc companions (depending upon the campaign by harebrained) level up, and a general lack of freedom in what should be a more open world experience. However, the game is primarily designed for being a tool that players use to build their own campaigns. Sadly though, this shouldn't have to be a substitute for harebrain's lack of campaign building talent.The game also needs co-op, just hear me out. This is turn based game, based upon a pen a paper rpg, with focus on building a single character for a player with full stats/""classes"", with tools to build your own campaigns and maps. While entertaining to experience in single player, and as cool as the build your own rpg framework is, it missed its calling. This is a tool that could be expanded to actually run a pen and paper campaigns! There are things likeroll20.netbut lets be honest, the visual tools and dice support are lacking for odd ball rpgs like Shadowrun (huge lack of cyberpunk visuals like tiles/characters/creatures and a lot of custom equation building required to get it running properly). Adding networking/co-op would allow a savvy dm to build their own maps/campaigns and run a pnp rpg with visual support and a set rule framework for combat! (seriously, the art direction is gorgeous and no need to worry about that ""one player"" cheating their stats or rule loop holes).Overall, for the price ($30 if you buy all the dev built campaigns) it's worth the money. The 2 campaign  stories are fun, the lenghts of the stories are good, the changes in Dragonfall are proof that harebrained is listening to the community to improve upon their stories, tool upgrades, and improving rpg elements in their own work. There are a few bugs/optimizations that need to be sorted out but, I also need to upgrade my pc (really badly) so I'd like to hear how those with beefier rigs hold up. (I'm pretty sure the issues I ran into were due to the HD graphics straining my rig at high resolutions)."
76561198024412621,Recommended,234650,10033551,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,JynxPraetorian,Everything about this game reminds me why I love the Shadowrun setting. If you have even a slight interest in the setting you need to buy this game.
,Recommended,234650,10034558,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Veldcath,"I've always found the Shadowrun setting to be interesting - way back in College, I got to play the pen-n-paper game with some friends a few times. It's nice to have a chance to play a game in that world again, and the quality of the art in this game captures the setting quite nicely!"
,Recommended,234650,10064829,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Maj. Cunt,"This game, this game is one of the few titles I can name that truly inspires my mind to delve depths unimaginable the setting is superb, the lore rich and thick and let's not forget the beautiful controls and gameplay all in all I would say this title is one of my absolute favorites, but let's talk about why.First off the setting is one of the, if not the most beautifully crafted settings to grace the games industry the world feels alive and full of character and emotion as though it is dripping pure atmosphere and spawning true intrigue this is because it is built off of an amazing title already being part of the deep and wonderful world of Shadowrun making it one of the best modern iterations of a classic game series I have ever had the pleasure to step into.Now let's saunter on over to the lore of the game, which is built upon the original Pen and Paper title and the superb yet confusing NES and Genesis title, not to spoil anything too major but the entire world has been changed massively by an event called the awakening and yea, you know what just go read up on everything else.The gameplay is another area I want to cover as the game plays like an Turn Based Roleplaying Game, now the game comes with one preinstalled mission which is actually quite huge but there are a lot of player made missions on sites like NexusMods and even on the workshop itself add on the beautiful levelling system which stops you becoming extremely over powered early and you have fantastic gameplay.But I don't think the game is one hundred percent perfect, the preinstalled story called Dead Mans Switch, unfortunately feels undercooked and doesn't pull off the gritty superb story I expected in short your friend is killed and he hires you post death to find and kill the drek that killed him, I'm not gonna spoil anything but I thought the end villain was weak and uninteresting when they could've done something great with an established character from the beginning.I also shouldn't forget the DLC Dragonfall which in and of itself adds much more to the world and is it's own excellent piece of content adding new characters and more awesome story development.to test my new scoring system I give this 4 stars or aThat's Grand LadLook forward to more reviews that hopefully don't sound too pretentious or crap"
76561197990642867,Recommended,234650,10102281,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,OniRobotics,X-com with RPG elements
76561197972830319,Recommended,234650,11126321,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gre3ner,Amazing game in the Shadowrun realm. I was a huge fan of both the SNES and Genesis Shadowrun games and this did not disapoint.Cool story and great customization on you're character.Highly recommend both main game and DLC content.
,Recommended,234650,9305800,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iskernel,"Superb story, great cyberpunk-dystopian setting. The gameplay is great and I really enjoyed the TBS combat system.A great buy."
76561198001475984,Recommended,234650,9319100,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Lipstickpaddy,"Frankly outstanding RPG.Great story, superb expansion.  Lover the lore of the Shadowrun universe:  Elves run corporations, use Orcs and Trolls as muscle, with humans and metahumans (Cyborg) being left in the shadows.Must own for the RPG fan!  A true gem worth having in ones collection."
76561198008900081,Recommended,234650,9354269,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Maedhros,"Great writting and some of the rough corners of the orgional release have been sanded down. I'd happily recomend this to a friend. Hell, I know I'll play through it again."
,Recommended,234650,9404011,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,123,"After much debate, well, not really, but I did wait a decent amount of time to play this title:  Shadow Run – Returns(http://store.steampowered.com/app/234650/), I gave it shot.  It’s about 15 hours’ worth of content and there doesn’t appear to be much in the way of quality DLC atm.   From a cost perspective, a dollar per hour of game play with a great story is money well spent.  It has a Fall Out 1 feel as it is turn-based, there are walls of text to read, and you can be a troll hacker that is more charismatic than an ancient vampire, with a data jack in his head.  In short, if you want a game that doesn’t demand too much of your PC or your time, and gives you a decent story to fall in love with, this game is for you."
76561197972557951,Recommended,234650,9410623,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,JackWhite84,love it too bad its a very short game but i hope this will continue to give out more dlc or another game.
76561197984546430,Recommended,234650,9422099,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Lykaios,"Great game. Good tactical combat, solid storyline."
,Recommended,234650,9484704,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,King Huey The Just,"This game is legendary, I mean seriously, LEGEN-♥♥♥♥ING-DARY. The first campaign you have access to is deep, intense, and a whole butt-load of gore, you play this game, and you are guarenteed to enjoy this RPG to the max. Your mind-hole will implode at the sight of the glorious deaths of those who oppose you. Your life will be consumed after hours and hours of play, both content that was player-made and published by the creators. You will enjoy the many nods to the books from over the years, and the massive content and replayability of this game. You buy this game and it is really worth the dollars spent on it. The game lets you step into the role of any type of player you want, whether you use the premade ""bases"" for a character, or just make your very own, and put a twist to the classic role of a shaman, street Samurai, or Decker. You can approach situations through many different ways. You will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,234650,9672253,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,1G86,"It's been a while since I last played a classic, turn-based RPG - and when I say a while, I mean the likes of Forgotten Isles. So picking up this game was quite refreshing for me since most titles nowadays are all high energy ball-busting action. It would also be right to say that I don't have past references to any other Shadowrun titles, so my impressions here are purely stand-alone.Putting it simply - I'm quite impressed. Let me get to some of the simple points that make this title a gem:Writing: The narrative is well written albeit some ""street"" language that sometimes sticks out badly. The sights and sounds (as though these were not enough) of apocalyptic Seattle is well supported by transition build ups and some witty dialogue.Role-playing Mechanics: The game mechanics builds its own simple character customization. You only really get to build your main protagonist via a simple characteristics points system. You simply have to progress through the story to earn your points and design a character from a set number of characteristics. The game builds on several archetypes but does not restrict a player into any cookie-cutter format. (Check out the Nephilim Network to get some quirky combination inspirations.)Setting: Explore an apocalyptic Seattle teeming with classic RPG lore races, armed to the teeth with Guns, Cybernetics and Magic. Timelessness is often a great appeal to any story, and this title just has the right mix.Art and Music: While being somewhat leaning towards cartoon-like, the world of Shadowrun Returns is beautifully crafted. The city sprawls are rich in detail. On the one hand you will be running around streets blaring with neon signs and shop fronts. But on another, you get to traverse dark alleys, dimly lit halls of medical facilities and cult complexes to uncover the mystery that drives the campaign. This is supported by pulses of techno music transitioning into eerie fantasy sequences.Of course the game is not without its faults. While dialogue and the story telling are well written, character focus seems to be lacking since most often than not you will be running around the sprawl with game-generated Shadow Runners. True, there are some key NPCs that you get to interact with but the times can be very short and too far in between for such a short campaign.Inventory system may need a bit of a re-work but nothing too major to murder the experience.I've read some concerns about saving games but I've hardly found it an issue - so maybe they have fixed this one already. My only suggestion really right now is you might want to try starting a game at a much higher difficulty level. I'm currently running with a Decker at the moment in Normal setting, and it seems like a cake walk - what more if you go for the more heavy hitting classes?By no means is the game perfect - it has a few rough edges but it definitely delivers the merchandise well. If you feel like slowing down a bit, go out of the usual, this read & click title might do the thing for you."
,Recommended,234650,9684109,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Caliburn,"Cyberpunk is a genre as much built on the atmosphere as it is on the technology. Everyone has that formative memory of the giant advertisements and smog-belching smokestacks in Blade Runner, Some games make the mistake of keeping the slums out of the cyberpunk, but Shadowrun Returns has the formula down just right: ""high tech, low life."" The game is a fun return to an earlier era for me, given my experience with the tabletop game - but the experience is fluid and accurate, reminding me of so many times spent around a table being suspicious about your Fixer or the latest contact you made.The gameplay can be somewhat halting and awkward at times - a concession to make in order to accommodate the system itself, of course - but it doesn't diminish the enjoyment of this authentic cyberpunk game. Combat is strategic, if somewhat sparse on detail, and emphasises the differences in roles within the party itself. The decking is sadly quite anaemic compared to the tabletop world, a blue-gridlines re-creation of the combat systems, with Agents standing in for Spirits, and spells replaced with Decker attacks. Nonetheless, it rounds out the flavour of the game well.If you're looking for an engaging Cyberpunk story, with a dash of magic and plenty of political intrigue and conspiracy, I highly recommend Shadowrun Returns."
76561198010444249,Recommended,234650,9791440,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,morgan_c_davis,If your a fan of the Universe this game delivers.  10/10
76561197996451396,Recommended,234650,10014063,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BestNicknameEver!,"Old school isometric rpg, strong story line, and if u r Shadowrun fan, this is ""must have!"" game 4u!"
,Recommended,234650,10023886,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,POCKoCLOCK,Pretty fun. Cool Sci-Fi/Fantasy mix.
,Recommended,234650,9924440,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sandwich,"Awesome artstyle. Awesome theme. Awesome IP. Gameplay leaves a little to be desired. Not a lot of actual choices to be made, which are usually pretty important in heavy dialog RPG's such as this. Interesting class that all have different benefits and styles of play, but the corridor-straightforwardness of the fighting and adventuring doesn't really give you a lot to work with. Great game for the price point if you are a fan of the genre or IP."
76561198030742955,Recommended,234650,9976823,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Shadowstrike78,"I must admit that I purchased this game with a bit of trepidation.  Shadowrun on the SNES was one of my favorite gaming experiences of my youth.  It was so unique compared to the gaming experiences I had up to that point.  I caught the game on sale and after playing I am absolutely floored by how great this game is.  The storyline had me reeled in.  The combat was a blast, just like back on my old SNES.  Even with 6 character archetypes to choose from, there is still an immense amount of customization that allows you to find your own playstyle.  Hats off to the dev team for a well polished, enjoyable experience with plenty of new features that still pulls off a nice tip of the hat to the old SNES classic.  This game is a must play."
,Recommended,234650,10038991,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Atropine,"The classic 80s-90s vision of the cyberpunk future of the Shadowrun world is done serious justice by this game.  The art style and game mechanics and story all do a great job of pulling you into it even though there is no voice acting (prepare for a lot of reading).The turn based combat is slow paced but satisfying.  The character skill and equipment system is pretty robust.  So, there's definately room for replay variety but it would probably be boring to play through more than a couple times.  If you're a veteran of turn based combat games, I would suggest playing on a high difficulty.  I played the default normal setting and for the most part, combat was way too easy.All in all a pretty lesurely game and a bit nostalgic.  Keeping in mind how SR is setup more as a gaming platfom with systems in place for users to create their own stories and content, the lack of niceties like voice acting, variety of music and so on is forgivable.  This was definately worth the $4.99 I paid for it on Steam sale."
,Recommended,234650,10077561,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,NoCalamansi,"If you loved the first Shadowrun on the SNES, this game will not disappoint, they just changed the gameplay to turned based  but to me it is still the same game from the original one."
76561198024723086,Recommended,234650,10143966,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,RazerCannon,An excellent little game.  Old school isometric RPG with real adult themes and a gritty feel.  Well worth it.
76561198074616814,Recommended,234650,10644597,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,phandec,"It has a true Cyberpunk feel to it, in that it really has the noir mystery atmosphere.  Plus the content that other people make is endless.  Tons of fun!"
,Recommended,234650,10675947,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Trontastic1,"For anyone who grew up with the Pen and Paper version of Shadowrun, this is a must own. Well written dialog with a polished gameplay experince. The Dragonfall DLC enhances the game even further."
76561198007975738,Recommended,234650,10685086,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tiger Philanthropist,"A lot of fun. Interesting story so far, and the Shadowrun world is a fun take on cyberpunk"
76561198008781889,Recommended,234650,10330262,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,anomie,"This is a fine little Linux-enabled turn-based RPG with nice artwork and music and theoretically endless room for growth... except that the campaign editor doesn't seem to run on Linux. Well worth it anyway if you can catch one of those 75 percent discounts.EDIT: The editor does work, but if you are running 64-bit Linux (like most of us) you need some 32-bit libraries installed before it will run. On Debian/Ubuntu and derivatives this should get you going:sudo apt-get install libqtgui4:i386"
76561198004366297,Recommended,234650,10337672,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,baldielocks,"Game play linier and combat fun but nothing special, played for a while found story a little stilted and predictable. If you can get it in a sale, do so, but I would not pay full price. Ideal for passing some time when you don`t have time for serious gaming, good stop gap game if nothing grabbing you at the moment. I say I would recommend this game, but not at full price and only to fill a space and because there is NO big reason not to recommend it."
,Recommended,234650,10761160,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Haigotron,"If you like nuyens, you're going to love Shadowrun!"
76561198037059114,Recommended,234650,10728138,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Imperfect Gentleman,"I was not expecting this to be as much fun as it was. A brilliantly realised combination of Magic and Cyberpunk, tense combat and excellent dialogue. The main campaign is a bit short (Finish in about 10 hours), but by adding DragonFall to it, it's perfect. Would thoroughly recommend."
,Recommended,234650,11440318,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,IainMcC,"Stephenson meets Tolkien in the world of Shadowrun, and it works surprisingly well. I wasn't massively familiar with the PnP RPG roots of Shadowrun before I bought the game, but having completed the Dead Man's Switch campaign, I'd definitely like to know a lot more about it. Cyberpunk dwarves and elves might not be everyone's cup of tea, but if you can buy into the principle, there's a lot of depth to be found in the game lore and the mechanics of the game. The character classes are distinct enough to make the game replayable (though making sure you have three levels put into Rifle is pretty much compulsory if you want to get the best out of the combat) and the setting is well realised and nicely polished.One thing it's not is a cyberpunk Baldur's Gate, as the story does run on rails (and is easily dispensed with in around 10-12 hours), so there's no sense that you can just make your way in the world on your own and just discover what there is out there, but that said, the characters are nicely written (I especially like Coyote, Cherry Bomb, Harlequin and Dresden) and easy to invest emotionally in. Definitely worth picking up if you fancy a little old school isometric RPG action, and the mod scene should keep the game fresh for a long time to come."
,Recommended,234650,11536417,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Kadayi,"Shadowrun Returns (7/10)Just played through the main campaign (Dead man's Switch). Never got into the whole P&P shadowrun thing before, but snapped this and the DLC up during the Steam summer sale, and have to say overall I'm rather impressed, albeit I wasn't expecting much.Although it heavily treads the usual Cyberpunk tropes, the mix of races adds something to matters and although I generally relied on hacking and hardware to push through the storyline the magical aspects enhanced the experience to some degree.Play wise it's not long. I took a fancy to playing it yesterday early afternoon and wrapped it up earlier this morning, with a good nights sleep in between (10 hours tops by my reckoning). My main criticism of the principal campaign would really be the near linearity of it. You're basically pushed from pillar to post with very little in the way of deviation or side quests and that pacing felt off given in large part that the beginning of the campaign is an investigation. I wanted to be able to explore Seattle, but the opportunity never really arises versus being pulled by the main narrative.The game also suffers a bit when it comes to equipment. The upgrade path essentially consists of buying a better X versus any degree of customization and although there are various chem tonics you can take to temporarily boost a characters abilities I never felt the need to sacrifice an equipment slot for one, versus using it to carry a med pack instead.The combat is very much in the mould of X-Com, but for reasons unexplained even when all the enemies in a level have been defeated you're often seemingly forced to continue to use the point system to get around, which can get rather tedious at times, though thankfully the levels aren't generally too sprawling. In large part I didn't find the combat too troubling on normal, though towards the end the enemy difficulty does ramp up (a resultant of the narrative) and a bit more thought is required in order to effectively combat some of the threats.Where the game shines most is in the writing, which manages to give you some flexibility in terms of how you 'play' your character tonally. Although I suspect your choices likely don't have any impact in terms of options, it's nice to have that flexibility."
,Recommended,234650,11621483,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KqaosDestiny,"Great game for anybody who loves the Shadowrun Universe, or for anybody who likes a tactical turn-based game with RPG elements added in!"
76561197969497306,Recommended,234650,11162953,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,theshadowduke,"An excelent adaptation of the Shadowrun game.  Kicked me right in the nostalgia, reminding me of the old SNES Shadowrun game.  Controls can be a bit rough, but the story and character customization is great.  8/10"
,Recommended,234650,11438589,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Asur,Game is really good! Play it if you like old fasion RPG.
76561198022434451,Recommended,234650,3422985,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,revanbh,"Great game for fans of old school RPG at a great price. If you've read Neuromancer; and loved it, if you've spent countless hours playing Baldur's Gate or older Fallout titles; and couldn't tear yourself away from them, this is a game for you.And once you're done with original campaign, quality user generated content awaits you on Steam Workshop and 3rd party sites like Shadowrun Nexus. Modders are so ambitious that they are recreating whole Shadowrun sourcebooks. So, come on, join us in the shadows, chummer.Shadowrun Dragonfall: I know they are marketing this as merely DLC, but DLC this is not. It is a full blown, old fashioned expansion pack. Dragonfall packs a bigger campaign, set in the anarchy ridden Berlin of 2054, otherwise known as the Flux State.HBS has listened to fans and addressed all the major issues from the original game. Saving your game anywhere? Check! More interesting companions with actual personalities and backstory? Yes, sir! Side missions? Of course! This time around you are not led by the hand. You get a hub, certain Berlin neighborhood, where you can choose your missions, even reject them if Mr. Johnson offering it isn't on the level. You can chat with the (meta)humans living there. Solve their problems. Learn of their past, and they all have some very shady skeletons in the closet. Let's face it, only people running from something come to the F-State...and corporations. But the latter are a different story altogether.Runs themselves have been improved considerably. There are multiple solutions to every problem and some tough choices to be made in practically every one. Enemy encounters have been improved. Combat is more enjoyable, overall. Non-combat skills feature more prominently. Skills and etiquette checks are very frequent. You can go in guns, fists, blades and magic blazing. But you can also do things covertly. It's all up to you.Writing in this game is great. Story takes hold of you, is full of twist and turns, and won't let you go 'till the end. By that time, you'll crave more. Speaking of length, you'll get at least twenty hours out of the game. Even more, if you play on harder difficulties, want to speak to everyone and see everything.Dragonfall is the definitive reason to pick up the original game. If you're into old school RPGs, cyberpunk, and value a good story, you won't be disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,234650,8266511,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kuhanten,"I think of this game as a great tactical combat and RPG engine for which the community will be able to create some interesting campagins.  The campaign that ships with the game is very good in its own right: it has an interesting story and dialog, believable and memorable characters, and a great balance between combat, conversation, and puzzle segments.The main campaign ran me about 15 hours, and that alone made the purchase worthwhile.  There's some level of replayability, trying different races/classes/builds, but the main draw will be what the community produces in time."
76561198012390904,Recommended,234650,7807129,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MrSelect,"An excellent return to a favorite series, Shadowrun returns is an enjoyable game.  The robust community producing new stories promises that you will not run out of things to do, and updates from the creators tells us that there is more to expect in the future.  Game plays well, beautiful environments."
,Recommended,234650,8261973,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hailspork,"Great RPG.  The default campaign is well-written and keeps the spirit of the setting well.  Full character customization including magic, adept, decking, rigging, etc.  The campaign editor interfaces with the Steam Workshop, making it easy to find reviews on custom-created campaigns.The system itself is inspired by the Shadowrun rules; spend karma to increase attributes, linked skills, and subskills.  It even gives bonuses for the chosen etiquette.  The skills themselves are similar to Shadowrun skills, but there are certainly differences; in particular, the lack of stealth or perception.Despite any shortcomings, it's a fun game with an immersive atmosphere.  Expect about 25 hours of original gameplay in the default campaign, more with custom campaigns and replayability."
,Recommended,234650,7793888,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shudragon,Awesome tactical combat and immersive atmosphere. A highly-customizable experience.
,Recommended,234650,1784649,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,TehGoat,"While an insanely simple and easy game the storytelling is completely awesome and absobring. The included campaign (you can get lots more from the workshop) plays exactly like a book, it's dead linear, it plays on your imagination of sounds and smells... and I'm totally into cyberpunk books. I love this game, well worth the money."
,Recommended,234650,19236192,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Niamh,"This is a fine piece of a turn-based RPG.I defnitely enjoyed this great, albeit short,  game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys turn-based rpgs, x-com enemy unknown/within, urban-science-fantasy settings and fantasy races.A surprisingly good mixture of sci-fi stuff with near-like contemporary settings filled with elves, orcs, trolls and dwarves."
,Recommended,234650,8509032,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,aciDizzy,"If you're new to Shadowrun, like me, and not sure whether it's worth buying, the questions is: do you like detective fiction? Because that's exactly what SR is. That means you have to read a lot.Another thing to consider is visual simplicity. Shadowrun Returns looks good, but don't expect much on that side. It won't show you stunning cutscenes or SFX. It'll describe all that in a text box instead. Yeah, just like in 90's.So if these things don't scare you, give it a try and maybe in half an hour or so you'll be completely immersed."
,Recommended,234650,8286119,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Hiver,"I marathoned this game. It is fantastic. It reminds me of Infinity Engine games like Neverwinter Nights and Baldur's Gate, only the combat is much easier to wrap your head around. The setting is cyberpunk (William Gibson and Neal Stephenson specifically) mixxed with high fantasy.The module that is included in the game is a fun story, but don't be surprised if you call out plot points well before they happen. I've only played through it once, but my class choice (decker) seemed pretty useless in most situations. I am hoping Harebrained Scheme puts out a few more modules of their own.There is a module creator and it looks like the community has put out quite a bit of content on their own. I'm looking forward to sinking a few hours investigating that over the weekend."
76561198062126280,Recommended,234650,7847978,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,saintclaymore,"Shadowrun has always been a great universe. It is a real shame that it doesn't get as much attention as tradition D&D universe. So this game is much needed break from you're typical RPG.The storyline in the main campaign is pretty good but not super orginal or great. It  did kept my attention enough that I played it for over 8 on the first day I got it.It has some flaws though that may take away from the enjoy of the game. First it is a very linear game, you don't get much chance to roam around. Even more sad then that is you never really use some the advanced skills like Decking at all really.The second issue is it lack of a save anywhere feature. Even though I played the whole in nearly one sitting it was a difficult to play it through only  been able to set checkpoints. This limits the replay value because most of us, myself included normally cannot play a game without being dragged back into the real world at random times. Doing some parts of the game more then once because of fairly spaced out checkpoints wasn't so bad. It did however give the game a limited time to play or to replay without having a large amount to play it.The promise of new updates on the way and the steam workshop makeup for some of the flaws so I would recemmmend this for any RPG fan looking for a new take on the typical RPG."
76561198045389233,Recommended,234650,21845022,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sovulous,"A pleasant surprise. I picked up Shadowrun Returns a few years ago,  just coming off an XCOM-high and jumped the instant I heard ""XCOM-style combat"". Found plenty to stay for. The neat, if linear, story, highly customizable playstyles, and some very unique character designs/portraits.I do have a few gripes, one of which is the inability to rotate the camera, which made combat a bit of a hassel. This is understandable, though, given the hand-drawn backgrounds.Other wise, not bad. Get it cheap, finish it in a afternoon."
76561197982196124,Recommended,234650,19911326,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rhod,"It is an awesome old school rpg like planescape torment or baldurs gate,pretty immersive with an interesting cyberpunk universe,took me 10 hours to complete it, it is well written and was worth playing through,buy it on sale as theere is not much to do once you have finished the game."
76561198020022534,Recommended,234650,3277913,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,LOLProgeny,"Great game, but short!"
76561198047654007,Recommended,234650,18437932,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Harry Myachaz,"Not only am I happy with the mechanics of the game, the ease of movement, targeting choices, how skill points and systems make sensible differences, I'm most happy with how it feels.  This is a really satisfying outlet from my days of playing on a tabletop and gives a good sense of cyberpunk.  The writers have done a good job creating a story that draws you in and makes you want to see what all the options were.  I still don't have completions for 'Returns' or 'Director's Cut', but I aim to get there, eventually.Icing on the cake is how active the community is with the add-ons, additional stories, art sets, and general enthusiasm.  Of the various games I've played in Steam, I have liked this community the most.  Try it for yourself.  I think you'll find it was a good choice."
,Recommended,234650,16663661,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vepar,"Pretty enjoyable, but if reading is not your thing then don't buy it. The story is pretty good though.Conversations and conversation options come a lot, and depending on your skills you'll have different answers at times, and the combat when it happens is turn based and needs strategy and placement of your characters.All in all, a fun experience if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,234650,16591085,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Birdie,"This game, manI have not played Dragonfall, but having played this game, I am very excited for it. Good gameplay, sure, but the real treat here is the starter story. Suffice to say, it's pretty close to Bioware's work, in my opinion.Other than a few minor annoyances, such as some typos in the game's dialogue, as well as the frequency of misses in the combat... It's gud. I r8 8/8 m8."
,Recommended,234650,11211924,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tsubaki ツバキ,"Gorgeous old school game! It has that ineffable spirit. It carries away! I want to quickly find out what the end of story! Game is played in one breath. And though the ending leaves a dual impression, after beating the game I had the feeling of reading fantastic novel. Thank you."
,Recommended,234650,16254237,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Death Scythe,"Did you like fantasy games with elfs, orcs, trolls and magic? Now put it in a dark cyberpunk world with guns, tecnology, hacking. That is Shadowrun Returns.It was based from the tabletop game Shadowrun, and it is amazing. If you like playing tabletop RPG games, you must read the books.Now, back to the game, it have a really nice character creation, you can chose a class or make your own. Turn based combat like XCOM.The only thing down for me was that i tought the Dead Man Switch story was very short, but fun anyway. Thanks we have a lot other to download in the steam workshop.If you like old school RPG games, with a lot of text, deep story and some tatical action this game is your game."
,Recommended,234650,9169427,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,dyle71,"Finished Shadowrun returns last Monday.From my blog:http://www.dyle.org/blog/?p=233Played fully on Linux with Steam (native, no Windows Emulation).You play a character in the Shadowrun universe which is on the hunt to bring down a friend’s murderer. Time is around 2057 but due to the Awakening, the world is filled with science fiction high tech and fantasy elements alike. You have genetic modification, cyberplants and hacking warfare along with elves, orcs, dwarfes and trolls hurling magic bolts. A rich and fascinating universe.… you have to work trough yourself. The game can be summed up by the phrase “too less”. At first there is too less background for the setting, the story. You just start off creating a character, like an orc, with cybernetic implants. Yep, no explanation to this. If you want to find out more about the Shadowrun world you have to look elsewhere but not the game.Then there is too less RPG. Seldom you find something useful to pick up and equip. Also stats and skills are presented in a very sober way in a plain matrix. No introduction, no nothing. All at once, on page. Also you likely will spend points on attributes and skills you don’t need in future. Sorry, there is no turning back.Then there is too less adventure. The story is nice, but you got not real decisions to make. The storyline is very linear. There are some side-quests, but guess: too less.Then there is too less of a challenge. At the first two thirds of the game. I pimped my elf with quickness and assault rifles and the game was no real match at “normal” level. Strategic fighting is nice and … easy. Yeah, the games picks up some pace in the last third and starts to get harder. This is were the fun really sets in. But up to then it is playing a nice story …And someone always has the idea of something missing. Something’s missing at the RPG, at the adventure, at the combat game, at the grafics, animations.E.g. Harlequin is one of the coolest elves I’ve come along in playing games, but when he wields his sword he is animated as if someone had stiffed a broomstick right along his “back”. The in-game representation is missing the charisma and style this elf has in dialogues.Finally the save game mechanics are just bonkers. Actually you just can save at the start of a level, better: the game (hopefully) autosaves at this stage. Making a wrong decision at the end of a level requires to replay to whole level again.The pro: once you’ve delved into the universe the plot is great to play and the dialogs are really nice written, the combat is fun after all. It remains a nice game. Hopefully they fix this bad savegame mechanics and give more universe background information in the DLCs and patches to come."
,Recommended,234650,16617276,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:+ Solid storyline+ Various builds that change how you play+ Rewarding, challenging combat+ Clever puzzles+ Bug-free+ The game ends on exactly the right noteCons:- Game is a bit short; campaign lasts roughly 20 hours if you do everything- Relatively low replay value- Straightforward campaign; for the most part, you stay on a single track through the main campaign, with only a couple chances for sidequests- Charisma/Etiquettes*- Specializing is required.  Jack of All Trades type characters don't do well.Overall:Shadowrun Returns is fun.  You get to hire a crew and go do odd jobs as a mercenary in a futuristic dystopia.  The tone and music fits, the game gives you just enough money to get by and forces you to spend wisely, and the storyline is fast paced and fun.  The game is short, and there's not many chances for optional sidequests, but in spite of that the overall experience is still great.  If you're a fan of tactical isometric roleplaying games, this is a solid choice.Bottom Line:A wild ride from start to finish, with fun characters, rewarding combat, and enjoyable gameplay.  A little short and straightforward, but well done in spite of this.  Worth the price.* The charisma system in game works by giving you various ""etiquettes"" which will open up conversation options if you know them.  Some etiquettes are extremely useful, others are entirely pointless.  Consult a guide when choosing which etiquettes to learn."
,Recommended,234650,268784,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Dr. Nobody,"I really enjoyed it, but I wish there were more completed runs to go on.  The one that comes with the game is very well done and I'll probably re-run it soon."
,Recommended,234650,1097703,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,The Suspect,"Shadowrun has pretty much always been one of my favourite RPG settings, despite never having had a chance to play the tabletop game. I had, however, immersed myself quite fully in all the novels out there. I can't attest to how it compares to the tabletop as, like I said, I've not played it, but this feels like I always envisioned it would when I was reading those books. The campaign that it comes with (at the time of writing) is about 12 hours long, and if that seems too short for you for the price tag, keep in mind that it is Workshop-enabled, so there's plenty of user-generated campaigns out there. All in all, this game did NOT disappoint me."
76561198005908329,Recommended,234650,2335256,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Draken,Your return to the 6th world is a triumphant one with this game. If you've played the old console games (specially the Snes game) you'll feel all your memories coming back to you; it's from the same people even!.
,Recommended,234650,4135285,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Cali,"This game is amazing... the ""Campaign"" which comes with the gameis a short (10-12 hour) play through which shows off the strengths of the Engine! It comes with an Editor which you can use to make your own Items and Storylines... it is damn easy to use! I really like this game!"
,Recommended,234650,4063729,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Bork,"A diamond in the rough.Some people have problems with the engine and it's true, it is far from perfect. The Checkpoint system bugged many, and I thought it would get on my nerves when I first read of it but in the end it didnt bother me at all.The game has a variety of bugs but after I beat it last week they've already patched many of them.The music was made by the guy that made the music for the SNES game aswell as the guy that made the music for the Genesis/Megadrive game set in the Shadowrun world so they know their stuff.The graphics are Both beautiful but in terms of animations on the characters, sort of stiff.So the battles tend to look abit worse than when youre just walking around the world in awe of the neon glory that is the Shadowrun world.The battle system is very close to the one in the 2012 Xcom remake so all is good there.Where the game really shines is it's storytelling and characters. The writers did a damn good job and created a world that really pulled me in. I'm usually not one to play games just for its story, but if you are then this is a great one.The game is definately flawed but hopefully those flaws are worked out over time, and even if they aint, none of them ever really took me out of the experience. I'll be eagerly awaiting the expansions and I'm sure I'll be trying out some mods aswell."
,Recommended,234650,7833703,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Aerozap,"Shadowrun Returns' turn-based, old style XCOM-esque gameplay is solid and set in the fascinating mix of cyberpunk and high fantasy that is the Shadowrun world. The vanilla storyline is compelling the first time around, but loses much of its appeal on replays due to the lack of meaningful choices or varying narrative paths. Ultimately, no matter what you do or say, you always end up at the same place and talk to the same characters. However, the diversity in the character building/class system does much to keep the game interesting across multiple playthroughs, with Deckers, for example, playing much differently from Mages or Street Samurai. Overall, a good indie title that is well worth the price if you're a fan of the turn-based tactics genre or the Shadowrun lore."
76561198087745107,Recommended,234650,16346858,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Boosh,"Picked up this game and immediately fell in love and had to finish it. While it may be a pretty linear RPG, the story captured me from the beginning. Definitely worth the $3 and I feel that this game hooks you in much better than their expansion Dragonfall. Now that I have finished this, I will be finishing Dragonfall. 9/10"
76561198141585008,Recommended,234650,21023739,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sharkydee,"Being new to the PC/Steam community, I was astoniished and a little overwhelmed when I began browsing the Steam store for the first time. Something I am sure many people have experienced.I kept at it and as I searched through the  of numerous titles available along came Shadowrun Returns.....Now, I have been gaming for many years and one of the highlights was playing Shadowrun on the SNES (Super Nintendo). This game was such fun and the world so diverce, it is one of those gaming experiences you never forget!To find this gem among so many other great titles on Steam made my day, a chance to return to the Shadowrun world.The setting is a future Cyber Punk world, centred around a strong story driven experience with RPG/Turn based action elements. It is a game you can play when you want to lose yourself for an hour or often more.It is not as complex as other turn based stratergy/RPG titles, but still as rewarding due to an excellent murder mystery story line. It is above all an excellent place to start for people wanting to give this type of game a go.I have not played the other subsequent titles that have been released, but fully intend to as they each in turn expand the game and it's complexity with new functionality. Just check out the reviews/videos for the rest of the series available!For the price it's a steal for any gamer and will open up a new exciting experiences. Just like the SNES game did for me many years ago.Give it a go, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198029083473,Recommended,234650,21654839,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Shadowman,"Took me 3 tries to actually finish the game, but it was well worth it.The game's got a great story and atmosphere but I really miss the voice acting I've gotten used to from other games."
,Recommended,234650,10911473,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rionus,Shadowrun. It's Great.
76561198007853210,Recommended,234650,10963552,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,steelwars101,Being an old Shadowrun fan I can say that this game get's the atmosphere and story elements right.  ( Great writting from what I've seen so far)Add in a great character creation and level up system along with very good mechanics  and you've got a winner. Throw the Steam Workshop and a lot of really enthusiastic folks working hard to create even more content and I think this is a game that any PnP or old school CRPG lovers will eat up like it's iguana on a stick.Yum! Delicious!
,Recommended,234650,10966060,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Patranous,its fracking epic
,Recommended,234650,11012781,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,A Barrel Of Spokes,This is really stupidly fun.
76561197961025317,Recommended,234650,11014985,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Grospoliner,"Shadowrun Returns is an adaptation of the classic cyberpunk tabletop pen and paper RPG. Set in an alternative history future where magic has returned to the world, elves, dwarves, trolls, and orks live side by side with humans in dense urban cities, and corporations are a law unto themselves; the game centers around the segment of humanity who makes their living in the shadows, the runners. Hacker, mercenary, detective, sorcerer, where there is a job that needs doing, there will be someone willing to get paid to do it.The game itself is a single player, turn-based strategy RPG, utilizing 3/4 isometric perspective with 3D character models set against sprite based backgrounds. The sprite backgrounds are static and well done, while the character designs are somewhat poorly textured with resolution below that which the majority of modern systems could easily handle; belying the limited budget the company had to work with. Gameplay takes the form of point and click interaction with the world map and carries over directly into combat, utilizing the same environments. Combat is somewhat klunky, as there are problems with the interaction of the courser and corners of the movement field.The game itself is, however, merely a platform. It is in reality intended for players to build and share their own Shadowrun campaigns, and the full game editor comes included with the base game as well as a professionally developed campaign. Thanks to Steam Works, player campaigns are free, though professionally developed campaigns will be sold as DLC as they become available. Sadly there is no multiplayer option what-so-ever, crippling one of the intregral elements of the pen-and-paper game.Overall, the game's campaign will run you around 12 hours, and is a good buy if you can get it on sale, for any enthusiast of turn-based strategy RPGs."
76561198078877087,Recommended,234650,11053764,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,harvester1079,Great game but a little shorter than what I was expecting.  Went thru the whole thing with no walk thru in 11 hours. It is very straight foward no real branching paths or much of a world to explore. I pick the game up on sale for $4.00 and if you get it for that price I'd say it's worth it but would not pay much more than that.  Have not messed around with the workshop so maybe there is a lot more content.
,Recommended,234650,11062048,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,sweatpants,"Addicting.  An excellent RPG / turn-based strategy game with interesting and challenging plot and mechanics, I played it all the way through and then loaded the DLC and played that all the way through."
76561197960304562,Recommended,234650,11102480,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,warlordje,Excellent turn-based RPG!
76561198036994404,Recommended,234650,11123532,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,jsobo119,Definitely worth $15.   I hate reading dialog but this game made it enjoyable.   Well written!  Also the combat was fun.  It was a fun game and I recomend it.  It isn't a long game but I'm not sure you would want it any longer... it is just right.A good long weekend game.
76561198021349374,Recommended,234650,11126059,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gizmobane,"I absolutely love this game. Although it lacks in the free roaming aspect that many RPG’s do well in the story is extremely immersive and the characters are interesting and at times frustrating. The old-school isometric view lends itself well to Shadowrun and the lighting when in urban areas sets a great tone for the dark cyber punk world the game is set in.  The character creation isn’t quite deep enough in regards to ascetics but more than makes up for this in the skill tree and I found myself fiddling with the skills for ages whilst envisioning what kind of cyber punk badass I was going to be. The combat is turn based which I found very refreshing, as I am a massive fan of turn based strategy games, and I found the whole process of finding cover and blasting the enemy very entertaining.To sum up if you’re not a fan of deep story driven games with lots of text and long spells between the action then this game isn’t for you, although I would recommend anyone to embark on this story……you won’t be sorry."
,Recommended,234650,11352330,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,j4zz,"The game features a good story and setting as well as fun oldschool gameplay with new twists.The Dragonfall DLC is what makes it really memorable, though. It feels like the project team could fully concentrate on the content for it, and the result is an amazing and polished story with diversified runs."
,Recommended,234650,11374959,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Boom$t!ck,"Shadowrun Returns is a tactical strategy rpg which functions similar to the X-Com or UFO series games, set in the Shadowrun universe.Pros:*Nice Artstyle*Simple yet effective combat and skill system, allows you to more or less build your ""class"" by picking which stats and skills you want to learn.*Lands the Shadowrun Universe pretty wellCons:*Very short playthrough (core game, not the Shadowrun: Dragonfall expansion)*This game is very easy on ""normal"". I recommend to anyone that has played the genre before to play on the hardest difficulties.*Could use more weapons/armor/configuration. I kept feeling like there should be another drop or weapon coming soon... and it never does.Overall: 7/10Fun game, looks nice, but it's very short and could use more content and story. I am about 5-6 hours in (2 did not get recorded by Steam), and I would say according to the chapter list on most websites I'm about 75% through the game. I am looking forward to trying the expansion however, and I will update my review when I get the chance. Many reviews for the expansion title seem to point out that it's a bit more complete and a touch longer than the core campaign.I would purchase this game again, since I bought it on sale... but I don't think I would pay full price for it. This is a good pickup if you catch it on sale, and if so I would grab the expansion to go with it, otherwise the game may feel a bit incomplete."
,Recommended,234650,11435664,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,schneil,Interesting storyline and great gameplay.
76561198002525965,Recommended,234650,11449648,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bigpoppanev,"Shadowrun Returns and its expansion Dragonfall are probably two fo the best Turn Based games i have played in some time. While the class and combat systems were par normal, the storylines for both agmes were extrodinary, and captivated me in this  fanatsy world. I cannot wait for the next expansion!"
76561198000715826,Recommended,234650,11487496,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Varamis,"Great story, fun gameplay and combat system, and enough customization to want to play it all over again.  Super Linear style of game, but I happened to enjoy not having to roam around for hours finding where to go next."
,Recommended,234650,11574858,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sambombe,"Based on a great tabletop rpg game. Shadowrun manages to capture the essence and culture of the cyberpunk world. The story is interesting and the classes are faithful to the original. The game has simple graphics and easy to learn combat system (per turn). The narrative is direct, without many choices. The characters are mildly interesting. Worth picking up on a discount sale. 8/10"
76561198142913644,Recommended,234650,19240278,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,redeyedangel299750,"Shadowrun returns was a kickstarter project that gained traction rather fast, although like most kickstarters this was due to nostalgia. This game stands on its own extremely well.Shadowrun returns is a cyberpunk fantasy tactical rpg, which in retrospective sounds absurd but its an idea that works really well and is amplified by the impressive dungeons and dragons art style.Typical for an RPG you level up with points gained from battles but what you put your points into in this case either help you or hinder you.Upgrades are apart of the experience and have a tradeoff mechanic, sacrificing one thing to gain something else, but comes into play later in the game.During my time with the game the battles were more interesting than the story and in an rpg story should be just as important as the rest of the game.The game stands on its own legs and is a good experience for someone who enjoys strategic rpg games and/or cyberpunk settingsRating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,234650,209490,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Provos,A great tactical rpg.
,Recommended,234650,7349633,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Multiverseman,"Good, old-school RPG fun."
,Recommended,234650,8287834,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SmugglersX,One of the BEST of the BEST in TB!What a gem! I have had a blast playing this.Very addictive & always thinking of new ways to change my class to DO IT BETTER next time.Game was worth every cent!
76561197960492020,Recommended,234650,10199331,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Insect,If you like the pen & paper RPG or you're simply a fan of sci-fi turn-based combat you might want to try this. It has a sort of Fallout 2 feel to the gameplay though the story i very linear. Definitly worth the money and time in my opinion.
,Recommended,234650,10380344,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,infiniteblight,"I just finished the main game, and the big DLC package. It was a great experience. The DLC is superior, but both are very playworthy.I was very pleased to find that I could compare the overall game 'RPG' experience to the old Fallout series, Baldur's Gate series and Planescape: Torment."
76561198032626976,Recommended,234650,9997076,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,FlamingMuppetDoom,Really enjoyed this game. Great plot-line. Hard to put it down. Would like to see more campaigns from the developers.
76561198030374080,Recommended,234650,10527518,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,"Ume, Coldest of Tsunderes","extremely fun! lots of character creation choices... only ONE issue with it... its extremely linier for the type of game it claims to be... but dlc is common for the game and there are tons of player made storylines that are non-linier, over all, i strongly recomend it"
76561197974735691,Recommended,234650,10590902,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tubafast,"Aside from a few bugs, Shadowrun Returns is exceptionally fun.  The combat system is solid, as is the leveling system.  The story is well written, and the difficulty curve is appropriate.  The dialogue is text only, which after playing a number of games with bad voice acting lately is quite fresh.  The soundtrack is original, and the sound effects are tight.  Community support for the game should ensure an almost limitless supply of new campaigns to play though.  This game is definately worth purchasing, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561197991591299,Recommended,234650,10594930,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Slushie King,"Old school goodness. if you like RTS, this is for you"
,Recommended,234650,10632683,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rammstein4o,Very interesting turn based RPG. Not bad story. It is a little short (ended it for about 11 hours) I recommend it !!!
,Recommended,234650,10633709,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Private Butts,"Best hacking mechanic ever, because there is an actual hacking mechanic"
76561198030332044,Recommended,234650,10645014,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Heated Water,"I was always more Cyberpunk than Shadowrun growing up. It always seemed grittier, more serious. Then a while back I started getting interested in Shadowrun as a nostalga thing. So I tried Shadowrun Returns.The game taught me that I was wrong in underestimating the Shadowrun setting. Very very wrong. The campaigns that ship with the game and the Dragonfall expansion are fun. Linear, yes, but no more so than many other games. And there is an active and highly productive community churning out some seriously good campaigns.If you like turn based games, and you like the setting, I cannot recommend this enough. And once you're done with the ""official"" campaigns, spend some time in the workshop. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,234650,10671424,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Squid,"This is a great game that has many features that even I haven't explored yet, alongside the return of a classic character from the SNES game that many will recognised. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who loved the SNES game, anyone who played the pen and paper version, and just cool people in general."
,Recommended,234650,10754853,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,healbot42,"I've had an itch to play Shadowrun for a while and this scratched it nicely. This brings the old-school RPG to a new level. A fun mix of suspense and action, anyone who likes Cyberpunk or RPG's should get this game."
76561198009067077,Recommended,234650,10911698,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Accurately captures the paper RPG feel.  Only seen easter eggs for the SNES game, nothing yet to the Gensis game [which I felt the better of the two]."
76561198028352110,Recommended,234650,10913465,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,dwyn90,"I could not recommend this game more. While the mechanics of the game are not exactly the mechanics of the Shadowrun RPG, the feel of this game is exactly how it should be. The representation of life in the shadows has been done to a level that would rival the most seasoned of pen and paper campaigns. I highly recommend this excellent game."
,Recommended,234650,10924447,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lafajet,"If you like cyberpunk, roleplaying and tactical gameplay, boy is this game for you. While the original campaign has some problems, it is still worth a playthrough and with a DLC campaign player made campaigns available, there is a lot of other good stuff to find once your done. Or you could just make a totally new character and just do it all again."
76561198004678860,Recommended,234650,10932085,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BubbleFairy,Excellent game and Dragonfall DLC is even better. Reccommend to everyone :D
76561197984156090,Recommended,234650,10935980,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MM,"Brought my best Amiga-era memories back. Solid storytelling (bar the last 1-2 missions), true to the SR universe (as far as I remember). A bit short."
76561198059056645,Recommended,234650,10941528,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Keksimus Maximus,"I'm still haunted by the notion that non-JRPGs are icky and should be avoided (even though Bethesda proved otherwise).  On a lark, I bought this game and was instantly hooked.  Storytelling, soundtrack is top notch.  Graphics aren't really a thing for me, but I suppose this game's style would turn off some of the more graphics-loving members of the gaming community.  Besides that, get this game.  It's been a blast so far and I'm only halfway-ish through the standard campaign."
76561197966217443,Recommended,234650,10965563,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,-=USAF=- EL_Snip(+)r,Used to play this game on the table back in the old days! I love being able to relive those days again with visuals now!
76561198021903735,Recommended,234650,10968413,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Modi,"Bought this on sale, started playing....5 hours later I wonder where the hell I am.....buy this it's great :)"
76561197974984489,Recommended,234650,10992505,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Katmad,not enough (good) story content. but totally awesome gameplay. 9/10.
76561198132970992,Recommended,234650,11162031,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,benwestergreen,"The writing really captures the essence of playing a tabletop shadowrun game.... The UI flow could use a little work, but i guess it gives it that 'indie' feeling..."
76561198006358134,Recommended,234650,11175482,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sam the Dog (Major Damon),"Having only played the base game and some of the user-created content I cannot comment on any subsequent DLC. That said, I highly recommend this game, especially at the current reduced price. Great playability and replayability. Even if you never played the pencil and paper original, you will love the setting and the mechanics."
76561198014916777,Recommended,234650,11253762,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Armyantmatt,"I've never played the Shadowrun tabletop RPG, those aren't my bag. I did love the Shadowrun game on SNES that I played as a kid. This game brings a good blend of nostaglia for that previous title in a similar, but updated look, but it definitely also takes advantage of lessons learned in gaming in the intervening years. Combat in both the real world and while dekking is intuitive and easy to grasp. There are a number of skill tree options to monkey with, but not so many as to require a spreadsheet. Overall I found the game to be a satisfying experience, not terribly difficult, but that's not what I was looking for here anyway. Good times, definitely worth picking up if you enjoyed the old SNES game or the trailer to this one appeals to you."
,Recommended,234650,11254541,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,historykraken,"So point and click, turn-based game play is usually an immediate no for me (I prefer fps tbh) but I was so intrigued by the plot I ended up buying this and I'm so glad I did. It's not voiced (something I didn't realise) but I don't think that hugely detracts from the game. I actually started to enjoy the combat! This is definitely worth a look at if you're as fed up as I am with major games and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'plots'."
76561198003728331,Recommended,234650,11269001,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Delorean-Ecto1,Shadowrun Returns = 7/10Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall = 8.5/10
,Recommended,234650,11281275,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Arishkogol,"Great game!  Excellent, engaging story.  Graphics are cartoony, but fit the game/genre very well.  Turned based combat is just about perfectly done.  Think old school Xcom meets new school Xcom.  Highly recommended (especially when it was on sale for like $3, but still a great deal at $15)"
,Recommended,234650,11352733,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Essential NPC,"Best way to describe it would be a mix between a traditional fallout game, and a Dungeons and Dragons title. It's a party based strategy game set in a cyperpunk future where magic has been introduced to the world. The original campaign is well enough, however Dragonfall (DLC) is where the game really shines."
76561198006894425,Recommended,234650,11426016,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Tyrant,"lots of fun for a turn based game, more of a shooter than balanced but its a great story set"
76561197970532238,Recommended,234650,11547293,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Odal Odinsøn,"Thoroughly enjoyable - especially if you're a bit familiar with the pen-and-paper version. But isn't absolutely no requirement.Glorious storytelling, immersive as hell, and the tactical ""turn based"" nature of the game, lets you sit back with your laptop with a nice cold drink, and just enjoy the game. It feels ""old school"" - in a wonderful way. Perhaps it doesn't hurt that it takes me back to my teenage years either...Highly recommended."
,Recommended,234650,11557288,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,kiriyama57,"it's great fun, and has a slight replay value, depending on how much you like RPG's. It is great that they have slight nods to theSNES version and other versions of Shadowrun. The Combat is simple and fun, the game just works ^,^"
76561198045693475,Recommended,234650,11891858,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,scuzz83,A Cyberpunk Fantasy adventure in a dystopian not too distant future. I loved the action of Sega's Shadowrun so much I was forever hooked into the series (with the exception of that MMOFPS debacle). Compelling stories and an endless path of play drive you further into the Shadows.
,Recommended,234650,12518440,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,OMGit'sIAN,"I absolutley love shadowrun.  I don't finish very many games, and I played this one through to the end.  Not only that I look forward to not only playing this campaign again, but other user made DLC.The only downside is that there was only One set campaign, but again, user created DLC will make it worth it.  alone it took me about 20 hours to complete.dump your points into your guns. you'll need them the most."
76561198001657682,Recommended,234650,12596226,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Elantil,"The game is not perfect. There are some real problems with it, but, despite that, I'd still recommend it to anyone who's thinking of giving it a chance.Gameplay is linear and there are some inherent flaws in the design, for instance the tendency of attacks to roll Missed despite your actual stats. If I did a count, I'm fairly sure the number of times the characters missed surpass the times they actually land a hit. It got ridiculous to the point that I'd get misses 3 times in a row at point blank range. This makes for very frustrating play especially at the endgame portion. There's also an impression of unbalanced design considering that certain builds came off more useful than others. Party members builds seem to have no impact either outside of battles and a certain plot mission. I could have a decker in my party but not be able to do any side decking other than what was neccesary to move the game forward, it made party build up rather pointless and lackluster.On the upside, it's rather well-written and the characters in-game are rather engaging and interesting. I'm not too familiar with the Shadowrun tabletop but I am a fan of the setting. You can see much effort has gone into the game and the end result is rather polished. The game is, overall, a good effort from an indie developer and while not great, is a decent experience and has lots of potential for the future."
,Recommended,234650,9332973,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,theNoize,"a classic turn based shadowrun game, good story fun run, and the builder is worth makeing a run or two of your own. a good reboot to a great RPG.  buy it play it be happy!"
,Recommended,234650,9343252,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,MoonV,"4/10 on my opinion. The game can get better, but its just too simple. Theres not much of variety on weapons, clothing and spells. I wished this game can be alot better. But hey, its still fun to play"
,Recommended,234650,9404565,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Large Father,"SRR is one of the best RPGs of the generation; between this and the upcoming Wasteland 2, I'm overjoyed to see a resurgence in isometric, turn based RPGS. Everything Harebrained Schemes writes for this game is fantastic. Despite the frustrating brevity of Dead Man's Switch, the writing for it is exceptional. That said, you'll not be getting the real SRR experience unless you buy Dragonfall, which is head and shoulders above the game's first campaign. Lengthy, well written, and challenging, Dragonfall is every bit the excellent RPG adventure I've been missing since the days of Fallout and Fallout 2. If you like old school, you'll love this game. Additionally, SRR has the hands down best lore I've ever seen in a videogame--much, much more so than anything Bioware has released. A low pricetag and a robust User Generated Content scene make Shadowrun Returns the sort of purchase that should be made without any reservations. Just make sure you like reading!"
76561198101285703,Recommended,234650,9578073,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,cliffordjelder,awesome
76561198043494230,Recommended,234650,9644915,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,JustSomethingToDifferentiateMe,"I didn't play the original Shadowrun back in the early nineties, so the game gets no retro love in this review. Shadowrun returns is a average cyberpunk and magic theme RPG. The main defect in the game is the vacuity of the gameworld comprised of the different interconnected areas. The game basically gives you only plot items to interact and the city locations are small.True to the ""pocket world"" RPG approach the plot is your average RPG pipeline stuff. Shadowrun Returns also lacks the intricate background stories for NPCs that most RPGs have, but this aspect of team interaction is added in the Dragonfall DLC. Dragonfall also does everything a little bit better, passing of as a relatively good RPG. It takes maybe 15-18 hours to complete Dragonfall if you're a completionist and about 20h for the main game.Since there's lots of combat, which is not that great, the game in my opinion is somwhat lacking in replay value. Though the end game of Dragonfall does play differently depending on few key choices, you're not inclined to mow through the same combat laden missions again."
,Recommended,234650,10008670,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SUPER HOMEWORK PARTY,"It's like D&D had a baby with Neuromancer, and it's beautiful."
76561198061185412,Recommended,234650,10012242,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,derekpriester,Awesome game.  Simply constructed and highly addictive.
76561198012928703,Recommended,234650,9130756,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Soulstrem,DO IT!
76561197996669854,Recommended,234650,1700988,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,SoliduS SnakE,"This ain't drek, chummer!  If you've decked into any of the originals from the early 90's, this is the Shadowrun you've been waiting for!"
76561198139145390,Recommended,234650,24578991,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DJ Ricky D,Well i grew up playing the SNES game Shadow Runners and It was a title that I was quite fond of. I saw this game on steam one day and I thought taking a chance on a purchase was a no brainer...I'm glad I did.While it is not an official sequal to the SNES classic the story does continue on in the same shadowrun world. The story is a little cliche' you play a shadow runner avenging the death of your friend. I don't want to give away too much of the plot as the campaign is quite small and unfortunately linear however the story and gameplay do create an enjoyable experience. There are many different character classes. Some specialise in close or ranged combat. Others specialise in magic and summoning. There is also a decker class that specializes in breaking into computers and invading cyberspace. You get a choice of how you would like to play the game based on Karma (attribute points) to apply to your skills. Party Combat itself is fun although not difficult just requires basic tactical common sense.Overall I have really enjoyed the experience and recommend this game 100% when its on sale. Thanks to the steam workshop there is some replayability however the main story is only worth one playthrough. I hear the other Shadowrun games on steam are even better so I am excited to try!
,Recommended,234650,24070483,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,thebrucecarter,"Frankly, I'll give anything that has Shadowrun in the name a try.  Kind of like I used to be with Battletech.  I like the atmosphere of the game.  I like the turn based combat.  I'm not a youngster anymore, so I can't keep up with the fast muscle responses of these Call of Duty gurus.  This is fun, has a little strategy and tactics to it, has a little problem solving, and has a nice cyberpunky atmosphere.  I like it."
,Recommended,234650,7846908,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,draxhil1752,"Shadowrun Returns is an excellent conversion of the tabletop game. For those who have enjoyed running through the years as I have this is a must buy, especially given the extremely reasonable price point."
76561197994644332,Recommended,234650,9538266,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Murderbot 5000,"Shadowrun Returns is a good game that really just primes you for the DLC.  Dragonfall is a great story and far superior to the base game.  It's much longer and the story is less linear. You have NPC's that are more fleshed out as well as more options of how you want to play your character (good, evil, selfish, or a little of all of it).  I recommend the game. I'm sure we'll be seeing some really good community made campaigns as well.  This game will have a lot of replay value.  Pick it up!"
,Recommended,234650,9679946,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,zephrim,"Get this!!! If you love RPG's and I mean real RPG's (not Final Fantasy or any of the other Anime story knock offs,) get this. I swear it reminds me of playing old table top dice and paper RPG's from back in the day. Before your confounded internets!!! Also when you get it you get the workshop which is filled with player made mods, and campaigns, and skins, and etc. Its just awesome. This is one of those games I'll keep coming back to and playing again and again because I won't get bored any time soon. Also whats nice is a lot of the storys can be completed in a weekend, (or a night of hardcore gaming). Again reminding me of the old days playing table top RPG's in the coffee shop or at a friends house. Maybe White Wolf Studios will see this and let someone make a proper Vampire the Masqurade game."
76561197994911934,Recommended,234650,9614814,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Pocket Spaghetti,"At the time of this writing, Hairbrained Studios have only released ""Dead Man's Switch"" and ""Dragonfall"", with the latter a significantly stronger module than the former. Both are heavily combat-based, and while careful positioning and action choices can tilt battles in your favor, the RNG can make sure that even if you do everything right, your team can still be wiped in a couple rounds due to keyboard-smashing bad luck (in this respect, the combat is very similar to X-COM: Enemy Unknown). But if you're getting an RPG like this, you're hopefully getting it knowing that luck is part of the game.It's all very good fun, particularly on harder difficulties. Agonizing over how to build your character, whom to take on a mission, and how to position them each round should please old-school turn-based RPG purists. The story arcs and character depth are not really fantastic, but the game is built on going out and completing runs (usually by shooting/stabbing/blowing things up, with only occassional decking responsibilities).Definite recommend, particularly if you've played the pencil-and-paper version."
76561197978479883,Recommended,234650,10956561,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ryvak,Great Game for anyone who used to enjoy the pen and paper game.  Even if you have never played Shadowrun before this turn based game is deep in strategy while still being approachable.  Comes with a great story to boot.
,Recommended,234650,10987949,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lord Kalonus,"A game of rich story, cunning game play and interesting characters.  A perfect combination of sci-fi tech and fantasy magic and races.  Play it, you wont regret it."
76561198052179095,Recommended,234650,10999482,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Drakin,"Once I sorted out the crashing issues, (Thanks to this websitehttp://shadowrun-returns.wikispaces.com/Troubleshooting+FAQ, I did the ""Audio Problems"" fix, and run the game in 1024x768) the game works fine.I will admit I never played any of the older versions, but Shadowrun Online has been on my wish list for a while and when I seen Shadowrun Returns for under $5 (I love you Steam Summer Sale), I snapped it up quick. After playing for only 15 mins, I was sad I never played the older versions, and I was doubly sad I never even heard about the Shadowrun series until this year.As for this iteration of the Shadowrun series, I was blown away, when one of the NPC's feels an urgency to get a mission done, that sense of urgency if felt by the player too. I'm looking your way Paco.The sound effects are really well put together, there is something satisfying about beaning a thug over the head with a baseball bat and that bone on wood sound chimes in......... (Makes note to get more baseball bats in game.)The dreary, miserable, wet, outside world is not only a joy (in the sense it feels real) to walk around in, it is also a joy to explore and talk to the locals and see how downtrodden they are as well.The loading screen DM style scene setting briefs even make the game feel like you could almost be playing the tabletop version with a friend over the weekend.Game play 10/10Graphics 10/10Music 10/10SFX 10/10Atmosphere 15/10All in All 10/10 will spend WAY to many hours playing."
,Recommended,234650,11015898,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Izazael,"A lot better than online reviews would have you believe. Yes, the bundled adventure is a little linear, but it's still a fantastic and fun game to play."
,Recommended,234650,11100125,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,thivaz,"A solid game. I would recommend it for all those:1) Who like classic RPG2) Who like turn based combat3)Who like to follow a storyIf you like the Shadowrun setting, then it is a must.Shortcommings: The visuals are outdated but they do the job. The mechanics could be a bit deeper. The missions are linear."
,Recommended,234650,11232821,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TimonWDC,"Ignore the Metacritic rating.  This is a fun RPG with a great storyline and setting.  No it doesn't have cut-scenes and gigs of bad voice acting, what it does have is a great story and excellent writing!"
,Recommended,234650,11252809,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Cloakboy,"One of the best turn based rpgs out there.  Rivals FF Tactics in terms of gameplay and story.  Found myself enjoying this game much more than I thought I would.  The writing is fantastic, but mind you there is a lot of reading.  If you dislike dialogue you may want try something else. I, for one, love a good story so the reading doesn't bother me."
,Recommended,234650,11563782,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Alex,"Awesome game with a lot of classic Shadowrun references.  Very atmospheric, the main campaign is engaging but a little short.  After investigating every nook and cranny of the mostly linear map it took 20 hours to complete the campaign."
76561198115822391,Recommended,234650,11618844,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,stephenrozzi,"This review is for Shadowrun Unlimited....a dlc created by Southwind. Basically, this add on takes Shadowrun Returns & makes it the game it should have been. Don't get me wrong, SR is a very good game in itself but it tells a very linear story that takes around 12 hrs to complete. What Southwind did was take the basic gameplay & created a sandbox like game that a lot of fans of the table top version were hoping for. In Unlimited you have a back story of avenging your brother but while trying to accomplish this you have to become an experienced runner first. To accomplish this you start gaining contacts for different job types you can choose from such as being a bodyguard, cleaning up problems, asassination & delivery jobs. You also meet other runners which you can contact to help you on the different jobs you take on. You have  a lot more different areas you can travel to & different options to complete your missions. I've played about 4 hrs at the time of this review & I am still working on just building my character up for better jobs. That is what makes Unlimited so much better than SR....it gives you a feeling of being in the Shadowrun world rather then just getting to the end of a story.Unlimited introduces some very cool game elements that expands on the game & helps make you feel even more in this world. You can rent different safehouses to heal between missions & store your gear. You also have 3 new ""stats"" to check on. Street cred, which affects the quality of missions you can get. There is noteriety, which can cause you problems with the different gangs & corps. Lastly, there is heat. This one is for how the Lone Stars (cops) treat you.My understanding (this is the best part) is that there is no ""end game"" for this. Southwind & others are working to continually expand on what is already in play by adding more missions, maps & characters. My only hope is that once the backstory is finished a new one will take it's place. The only downside to this game is I don't think you can import an already created character but it is definately worth starting a new one for this.In closing I feel that Unlimited took what the dev's put together & made it so much better. If you already have SR than this is a must have. If not but were thinking about it Unlimited should give you that little push to get the original just so you can jump into this excellently done add on. Oh, by the way, Unlimited (not Shadowrun Returns) is free."
76561198032394508,Recommended,234650,11619756,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sssra,"The vanilla game is fine, but the Dragonfall DLC is brilliant : way more choices, smarter plot, better character development over time... Be sure to get Dragonfall + the base game for maximum enjoyment of the Shadowrun universe !"
76561198117688383,Recommended,234650,11923471,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,jzitur,I had lots of fun playing it but I never got into the older shadowruns so i don't have much to compare it to. Reminded me a lot of the shining force series the way it played.
76561198096120733,Recommended,234650,11924687,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,whtgrizzzly,Nice
,Recommended,234650,11997001,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Lumberzach,"I would recommend this more to D&D players than to action/adventure fans. It's fun and all, but I just don't think it's for me."
76561198057535075,Recommended,234650,12133763,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,stashu99,Great Game. Discout this week and worth every penny. Has the feel of the pen and paper board gam with out all the rules hunting.
76561198044619825,Recommended,234650,12491419,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,mcmorris23,Just a damn fun turn-based-strategy (TBS) game.Pros: Engaging story; intelligent dialogue; good graphics; great mechanics; plenty of cool gear and upgrades; option to develop characters through different pathsCons: A LOT of dialogue in small print; aspect ratio is mostly tolerable but some views are blockedFinal Analysis: Great TBS game. The pros far outweigh the cons. Any TBS fan is sure to enjoy this title. Well worth the reasonable price tag.
,Recommended,234650,9312998,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,markthelegion,"The Dragonfall expansion single-handedly did justice to Shadowrun Returns. The Dragonfall campaign build brings a much more involving and intricate storyline, choices, side-missions and memorable NPC companions, resulting in longer gameplay and satisfaction compared to the 12-hour long original.There were certain tweaks to the mechanics of the core game, it seems. For example, there will no longer be extra action points garnered from cybernetics, but this is compensated for via game balancing. There are new portraits to choose from (though still quite limited visual customization) but no changes to the skill trees. Games can be saved at almost every point of the game now, not just at savepoints, so that's another step forward. There are new music scores with this campaign, and they all set the mood satisfactorily for the throughout the gameplay. I still find the beats from the original campaign more to my liking, but that's personal opinion.Some issues inherent in the original was still present in this one. Missing sprites, limitations to allocating picked-up items to teammates outside of combat and the occassional AP bug can still be encountered. However, I would not personally hold this against the expansion as this one is does seem like the developer's turn of churning out an AAA campaign using the same builder tools made available to the community.I grew up playing and loving role-playing games that were akin to reading sci-fi fantasy book sets. After Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Arcanum and Neverwinter Nights, I am relieved to be able to add Shadowrun Returns into my collection of RPG games worth the ages. To enjoy this one, you'll have to read, children, and dig into your storeroom for that old thing called an 'active imagination'. If Shadowrun Returns left you feeling wanting, then Dragonfall will bring you past dessert."
76561198054319762,Recommended,234650,9351131,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Gert Post,"What a great game, loved everything. Will now check the Dragonfall with very high hopes :)"
,Recommended,234650,9367338,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,multicycle,"The Pros:Great 2D artworkAtmosphericXCOM like combatThe Cons:Overly linearText dialogueNo save during missionI feel it's overly simplistic, no depthNo party inventory / upgrade management, just your main characterI went through most of the missions, took a break. And I was not able to bring myself to finish the game after.XCOM maybe a better choice if you are playing it on a PC."
76561198105315660,Recommended,234650,11346018,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,zennerless,"I am enjoying this game very much. It has a great story, and well crafted mechanics.  More than anything it feels like a series of old-school rpg sessions with minitures. My one comment is that it is at heart (IMHO) a tablet game. I am constantly aware of how much more I want the game to do and be.  That doesn't detract from what it is.   And it gives me high hopes for what the company is working on now.  If you like the genre and want to play an rpg on a tablet, it is a great game!  Otherwise, quirky fun and a good diversion for several hours."
,Recommended,234650,10496512,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Discordian Emissary,This is just awesome for any oldschool Shadowrun fans. Great game play and customization.
,Recommended,234650,11059574,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,rokknroll,"It's Shadowrun.   If that does not make you impulse buy, imagine Orcs with cybernetics addicted to electronic drugs.   Still not bought it yet?"
76561198125336235,Recommended,234650,10032348,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,RainCreations,I like it so far. Great successor to old sega game.
76561198007281141,Recommended,234650,10038675,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Demon Hunter,Great game mixing magic and tech in any way you wish.  Has a great story as well. I highly recommend this game
76561198051205004,Recommended,234650,10040556,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Matthias Jones,"This is only a first impression. This game is a pretty good...murder mystery. Well murder mystery/rpg mix, but you get my drift. The roleplaying part of the game seems minimum so far, but the narrative is good. Guess that's what they mean by narrative-driven."
,Recommended,234650,10071563,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mista,"Ismoetric CRPG. Nice setting, great story, especially recommend the DLC ""Dragonfall"" which was way better than the good but not great 1st campaign ""Dead Mans Switch"".Nice combat in the turnbased, coverbased style.Shame there was no spoken dialogue or cutscenes at all though, both would have upped the immersion level quite a bit.Dead Man's Switch 3/5, Dragonfall 4/5, Hong Kong 4/5"
76561197998413330,Recommended,234650,10098354,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Shinebee,"Good game, if you know how to play RPGs that are similar to this one, then you should have no problem beating the base game the same day you buy it. That said, there is a HUGE community that is constantly uploading new scenarios and campaigns so the game doesn't just end with Dead Man's Switch."
,Recommended,234650,10104168,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,flamesofphx,I love the new berline campaign!!
76561198007149867,Recommended,234650,10118228,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,The_Admiral,"I have really enjoyed Shadowrun Returns! It is well written, both the original story (Dead Man's Switch) and the DLC (Dragonfall) were very enjoyable adventures. The graphics are nice and the combat is engaging.I thought the price was very reasonable for all that you received. On top of this there is an active community adding new content. If you like Shadowrun the RPG, or a mix of modern and magic and turn-based games then I whole-heartedly reccomend this game."
76561198067779439,Recommended,234650,10120337,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,The Great Mahoo,"Great turn-based RPG.  I had no prior experience with Shadowrun universe, but found the story engaging and was anxious to keep playing it through.  Mechanics are great, and ran into no bugs to slow me down.  Highly recommend."
76561198006634560,Recommended,234650,10157063,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[RoCT] The_KitKat_Kidd,"Ok so i had never heard of shadowrun, not the Table game, books or the Vid-games, but got intrested when i saw the game show up on the store slider page and reading the description about the sci fi, cyberpunk, fantasy mix and seeing i had the funds sitting in the wallet thought i might aswell give it a go.I loved the setting & story the diffrent ways you can play depending on the characters and abilitys you choose to specilise with to get through the game, the first story 'deadman's swtich' was enjoyable but on replay i did notice what other people mentioned how there wasent much exploreing or side quests branching from the main plot as it throws you down the main story but all the same was enjoyable. the second story thats out however was a massive imrpovement 'Dragonfall' you're responcible for a whole area of people each character has their individual storys, there's many sidequests that branch off the main plot, and the choices you make can effect various details through the later game.In short i thought this game was great! and has replay value though mainly with the 'dragonfall' campaign, the graphics aint the most amazeing thing but i couldent care less!, i preffer games that are enjoyable, have good story & content. I strongly recomend this game to any rpg fans & anyone who enjoys good storylines in sci fi settings. :)"
76561198032070687,Recommended,234650,10175209,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,ey2262003,"Lot of fun if you enjoy turn-based games.  Shadowrun Returns is a bit short, but the true fun is in Dragonfall."
76561197995387032,Recommended,234650,10212183,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zerker,"Short but fun.  Dwarf: mage shaman combo skills.  Unstoppable.  Fun just the same, with a good story.  No real replay value on its own.  But the steam community has provided some extra life."
,Recommended,234650,10222880,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hightizz,"I picked up this game simply because it looked cool and fun. The release price was worth it in my opinion, however this is a short game with not much replay value. If you are okay with a mostly linear but some what interesting game, Shadowrun Returns is not a bad option. I personally had a lot of fun playing this game and you might as well. 7/10"
,Recommended,234650,10233995,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mereghost,The right mix of tactical turn based strategy and RPG. And on the Sadowrun universe. Epic awesomeness is a too mild way to describe it.
,Recommended,234650,10282084,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Jaxomatic,"I really need to pick up Shadowrun Multiplayer. And play this more. The system is the closest you can get to proper Shadowrun without having to buy a truckload of d6s. I do wish there was voice acting, but the involvement with the Workshop and the allowance to make your own adventures more than makes up for it."
76561198030750649,Recommended,234650,10312066,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,scanale42,"I really want to love this game but I find it somewhat lacking. It seems like just as you start to get going both in the primary game and the expansion, the game ends. It is very linear, with very few side quests, in a system that is begging for side quests. I like the different character classes, but I find that as long as I bring enough firepower and a decker, I can tackle pretty much anything. Here are a couple occasions when you need to infiltrate a compound that requires a small amount of sleuthing which is fun, but those events events are very infrequent. Overall I found the game enjoyable but I feel like there is a lot of wasted potential here."
,Recommended,234650,10368362,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tzevash,"Even though the graphics are suited for a mobile game rather than a PC title and some bugs and imperfections, this is one of the few titles which can give you a true '80s cyberpunk feeling. Moreover, if you know the pen-and-paper RPG and love the setting, you will also love the dialogues and the atmosphere of the main campaign and, expecially, the one of the expansion (Dragonfall). Not for all tastes, but a must buy for any true lover of old-school RPGs."
76561198005472152,Recommended,234650,10437124,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,lucas.weismann,"I love this and dragonfall so much.  I hope they keep releasing things on this platform.  Also, the community has a LOT of great stories on there.Really love the game and hope to see more soon!"
76561198021133960,Recommended,234650,10467941,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,jazzthehippy,"Shadowrun Returns is a turn-based cyberpunk RPG, similar to dungeons and dragons, with a digital dystopian twist. This game is an adaptation of the original table top game and reflects this in the flexibility of character choices and play styles, despite having a fairly limited and linear story line. The overall artistic style is gritty and cyberpunk; reflected in the graphics, music and dialogue. The combat system is tactical and challenging. The narrative is somewhat impractical but mysterious and compelling throughout the story. An awesome game from an independent developer on a small budget, worth a look for any role playing fan."
,Recommended,234650,10487492,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,KryZler,If you are a fan of the Shadowrun books or just a fan of cyberpunk-genre this is definitly your game. Great Story Great Ending and Steam Workshop Campaigns ++
,Recommended,234650,10529862,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Wynix,Cyber-Punk environment. This game will bring you back the old feeling!
,Recommended,234650,10776084,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Klank Smash,"This is a game that could have been so much more. I love the setting and I think that for the most part they did a great job creating the world. However while it looks great it often feels like a set rather than a living city. Every place you go plays out more or less the same. Click the 2 or 3 people with talk symbols over their head, look for the 1 or 2 items that you can click on the map somewhere, fight a few guys, leave area. I like the world, I want to be able to go around and explore it and have a reason to do so. Even if it is just flavor text like ""You see a grimy computer terminal, you can tell it has been well used"" for example. I want to be able to go around and look at everything and just explore.The world graphics are great for the most part. There are a few things that really take me out of it like the quick loop of papers blowing in the wind over and over. The birds that fly off when you walk by are great though. My biggest gripe with the graphics is that the characters rarely look anything like their super awesome avatar pictures. I see a big orc character and when I walk up to him his avatar picture is of a skinny orc. The avatar picture I made for my guy is very thin but his character model is chunky with a way different head. Just pulls me out of the story.I like the story and I like the characters. It was well written and kept me interested. Even the loading screen text telling me about the place I was heading was great. I do wish that there was less travel here travel there though. I just get interested in an area and nope off to the next place. Maybe if rather than quick traveling everywhere there were inbetween areas with optional side stuff to do then all the traveling around would feel more cohesive.I have not played the official DLC mission yet so maybe they fixed some of my problems with it. Despite the problems, I do recommend the game if for nothing else other than the story and great setting. I really hope we get something more expansive in this universe someday though."
76561198065669005,Recommended,234650,10804089,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lordofshade,"Great game, 88 hours of pure fun... please release more dlcs, better with voice and video cutscenes"
76561198080081859,Recommended,234650,10855352,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,julian_connors,"Buy this game.Do you like magic and setting peple on fire? Do you like cybernetics and chroming out your body? Do you like shooting people, just to shoot them sometimes? Did you ever wish you could just walk around punching people? Then you want to play this game, because you can do all of that here. Inset your mind into computers. Use your mind to control machines.... that shoot people with you? Did i mention walking around as a 7'+ troll punching people?Buy this game."
,Recommended,234650,10870970,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Devilmancer,"Shadowrun Returns is a great game to immerse yourself in the Shadowrun world. I found myself enjoying the starting mission senario from day 1. The gameplay is straightforward. Click to move. I only played as a decker, so I will try other builds later."
76561198001363271,Recommended,234650,10889000,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Burner181,If you want to learn the basics of what shadowrun is i recommend this game to all roleplayers
76561197994445792,Recommended,234650,10897361,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ghinn1,"If you're looking for a gritty turn-based strategy game in a similar vein to that of XCOM or Omerta, then this is your game. It's set in a dystopian future, the game merges fantasy races into a human world with a cyberpunk setting. The plot has you constantly moving from action to action in what starts out as a simple detective story, but quickly changes gear into a much deeper, darker plot.The game is fun. I recommend it and rate it 8/10."
76561198010968762,Recommended,234650,10898329,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,criscg2,"The story, definitely. Plenty of twists and turns. I daily kept coming back to play the game. I was saddened that I finished it in 13 hrs+ but I'm definitely getting dragonfall? the expansion. And then there's a Steam Workshop for this game! The guns for this turn based rpg do so make a satisfying boom, at least for me. I was also really pleased that I could customize my character the way I wanted. I started as a non magical street samurai but I got enough points over the course of the game to specialize in another skillset as well. You can go into spellcasting, summoning, cyberdecking or drone rigging. If it isn't obvious by now, I like this game."
,Recommended,234650,10907981,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ahiu,good ol' 2D rpg
,Recommended,234650,10912427,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,onion friend,"First, an explaination: When you buy SHADOWRUN RETURNS, you get one campaign - ""Deadman's Trigger."" It's a solid introduction to the gameplay and story world. There's one additional campaign for sale from the studio - ""Dragonfall,"" which also adds some new items and gameplay functionality. Additionally, the game comes with a campaign editor, allowing you to create your own or download campaigns from others on Steam Workshop.In terms of gameplay, SR is basically a glorified point-and-click adventure, with XCOM-style turn-based combat added in. The combat is just solid enough to feel worthwhile, but otherwise this is the kind of game that lives or dies on the quality of the writing. Thankfully, both campaigns present some of the best character development and story writing I've seen in a videogame. Is it high-literature? No, but it's incredibly solid pulp-fiction and well worth the price of admission."
76561197970807116,Recommended,234650,10912883,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,QwykSylver,Great game.  The community content makes it all the more enjoyable!
76561198024841078,Recommended,234650,10914783,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gragnock,"A great game from a great genre, well done in the Shadowrun world. Very well written."
,Recommended,234650,10924074,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Corpsing,"An awesome re-envisioning of the SNES/SEGA Shadowrun game. Turn-based strategy combat and somewhat non-linear game play. The user mods add a great deal of content and depth as well. This expansion to the universe provides the ability to play multiple campaigns (some more dark than others). The fact that you can start a new player or import an existing runner is also nice, since sometimes it is fun to play a mission like a grunt again, instead of an overpowered doom-bringer."
76561198033078349,Recommended,234650,10924606,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Reviresco.McEwan,"It reminds me of the original fallout games, a good story, environment, and well thought out tactics. I have only played a bit so far but I am looking foward to playing the story all the way through.I also really like the fact it is modable by the community so the options for gameplay are as endless as the players."
76561198088413835,Recommended,234650,10926203,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,fontboyipm,"This is a fantastic game! At first, I was not quite sure about this game, but I have been more than happy with this game so far! This game features fantastic graphics but is not in-your-face and features a deep and immense store line. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a great story!"
,Recommended,234650,10944252,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[FW] Lega_hr,"nice old fashioned turned based game, reminds me of fallout 1,2 but much better graphicsGame is 1Gb in size, no voices just plain text as i sad - all fashioned but visuals are still nicedownside; no map rotation, but overall reall good and fun game"
,Recommended,234650,11013926,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jacket,i invaded scientology and punched and ugly elf in the face to death10/10
76561198043334329,Recommended,234650,11056885,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wargormer,"The Campaign provided is short, but then again, this was designed with the community toolbox in mind. Pick this up if you want an rpg system that you can sink your teeth into!"
76561198048493098,Recommended,234650,11061691,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,I hate people who beg for money and aren't in some way disenfranchised.But this Shadowrun Returns game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561197996643283,Recommended,234650,11070774,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dead Aim,"*i've only beaten Dead Man's Switch and my short rant will only conver it*My first impression of this game was really great and i was really impressed by the story wirting , art direction and character building but as i progressed through the game its flaws have became more apparent .Story wirting is good through out the whole game and the writer/s seems like a knowledgeable person but i was really surprised when i noticed spelling and grammer mistakes! For me it wasn't a big problem since English is not my native language but i think many native-English gamers will find it annoying .The gameplay machanics are good but have small problems that can be annoying at times .Some of them are technical (like when you set the character to overwatch a certain enemy/area and then it goes out of the previously set range and waste a bullet and an AP point) and some of them are design flaws (like being forced to traverse a whole floor in battle mode even if there is no enemy left) .For the game design in general i really wished that the developers have reused the previously visted locations for side-missions to increase the game time and value because in the end this is an RPG game and not COD .This game have its flaws but i was able to look past them and enjoy it .That's why i'm recommending it ."
,Recommended,234650,11076967,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Abraham the Patriarch,"Shadowrun Returns is a decent CRPG that has definite bona fides back to the isometric giants of ages past.  The content is well written and fits the universe it's set in.  The combat is fun, if a bit less than challenging and less common then you'd hope.The game does feel a bit ""on rails"", however, especially when compared to the games it harkens back to.  This isn't the utter gigantism of something like Baldur's Gate.  The game is pretty small, the party options are limited (you only get to allocate stats and alter the inventory of the main character, for example).I bought SRR during the steam summer sale.  It was worth the $3.50, easily.  I'm hoping to discover a lot of additional content in the workshop."
76561198081649496,Recommended,234650,10919042,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Phenix66,I like it but... it dosen't really involve you in the game.
,Recommended,234650,10921284,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sennohki,this was suprising for me.. I got way more into this than I expected.. you should buy it!
76561198050722370,Recommended,234650,10929948,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jedininjaprime,Fun game. Great story. If you are a fan of Shadowrun or the Cyberunk genre you will probably find this game to be entertaining. The only downfall is it can be beaten in half a day. But i do reccomend this game
76561198060328927,Recommended,234650,10945832,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sturmhardt,"Great storytelling, elvish samurau hacker 9/10"
,Recommended,234650,10946269,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Virion,"An intersting story and flexible, easy to pick up combat has made this a fun flash back to top down RPGs with a modern flair and style. The mix 3d models and carefully crafted art also give each scene its own unique illustrated feel. Definitely a must for RPG fans."
76561198026029553,Recommended,234650,10974313,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Egghebrecht,"Great campaigns, linear stories but superb storytelling and atmosphere with serious themes and void of the simplicity of good versus evil which is very refreshing in the rpg scene."
,Recommended,234650,11138264,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wolfesbrain,"ProsThe Cyberpunk-meets-Fantasy-Magic set in the real-world near-future aesthetic is great.The way the stats are balanced leaves the class-race combos open, and encourages exploration of different options/layouts. I just wish there was a way to respecc. Maybe there is later in the game.I love the tactical, turn-based combat.ConsThe single angle of the camera gets a little annoying in combat;e.g.if you've got an ally standing directly beneath/infront of an enemy, you can accidentally target your ally because their hitbox overlaps the enemy's. If I could rotate the camera to a different angle, that'd solve my biggest gripe with the gameThe first campaign (Dead Man's Switch) is interesting, but rather slow-paced. Haven't tried the expansion campgain or any of the user generated content yet.All in all, it's a fun tactical, turn-based, text-driven RPG. The character creation options are pretty robust -- not so much in terms of appearances, but in terms of class selection and creation. It's easy to start out with one of the game's premade archetypes and expand out into other disciplines as you get the feel for the game, or to just stick with a single discipline. I don't know how well either works comparatively because I haven't played long enough. The story of the first campaign moves a little slow; they do a good job of tying the tutorial stuff into the story without breaking immersion, but that's kind of what slows it down."
76561197979643793,Recommended,234650,828988,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,RustyRaven,"Ah Shadowrun, I'll start off by saying this: If you're into the Shadowrun universe and games like UFO: XCOM, then chances are that you'll really like Shadowrun returns.That said, I do have some issues with the game. First and foremost, the music gets grading and tiresome fast. I've played the game for 9 hours and I had to turn the music off, they were clearly aiming for a dark electronic ambience and they do achieve it, but there are simply not enough tunes and a few of them simply sound too much alike.A second point that I feel must be made, is the fact that the game has cut a lot of corners when making the jump from pen & paper to video game. Shadowrun has always aimed for high realism, but this requires a lot of rules and a lot of depth. I understand that they had to cut a lot of these rules because otherwise nobody would've been able to play the game without 2 hours of tutorial, if not more.Third point, there are some issues when trying to select certain points to move to in the grid, so I suggest activating the double-click feature, which ends the miss clicks.Fourth point, the save system blows balls. The game will auto-save whenever you enter a new scene, but you are unable to manually save, this means that if you fail, you have to start all over from the very beginning of the scene, this can be especially tiresome if the encounter is 30 minutes long or you just leveled up before you died.Fifth point is mostly mechanical, but I still feel  it should be mentioned. There's an issue with scripted events that can ♥♥♥♥ you over; I'll try to explain it: When you move a character through a door and towards cover, the character will stop because and a little dialogue will play. Afterwards your character will be stuck where the dialogue started and if you're out of actions for said character, this can lead to them recieving a lead sandwich. Couple this with the fact that you're unnable to resurrect your main character if his HP hits zero and you can get rather frustrated. This wouldn't be half bad, but when you can resurrect side characters after they hit zero HP it just seems rather silly.And finally always remember:Watch your back. Shoot straight. Conserve ammo. And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon."
76561198024439828,Recommended,234650,3541447,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Radiophage,"This game *nails* the Shadowrun feel. Writing is solid, class and skill system is reasonably deep. Buy it for the campaign editor -- there's gonna be some great stuff coming out of the community."
,Recommended,234650,3777598,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,KingLiger,If you liked Xcom and Strategy this is for you. Although it only saves at the begining of the area it makes the game tougher and makes you think hard about your next move. Also with the user generated content from Backers of the Kickstater it has lots of replayability and hopefully more things will be added in the future.
,Recommended,234650,4381494,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Bane1138,"The game is amazing from start, but give it a few weeks and the Steam Workshop will be packed with user generated campaigns, all created with developer provided GM tools. Totally worth the cash."
76561198089152787,Recommended,234650,10711762,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,<BnB>Socrates,A game that realy incorporates what a good old scholld RPG means.Truly great 10/10.
,Recommended,234650,10769750,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Aces Delta,"I'd been eyeballing this game for awhile, and when it went on sale with the Summer Sale, I figured that I'd get it.  So far, it's been well-worth the money.If you want the feel of an actual roleplaying experience, with lots of text to substitute a lot of what dialogue and information you would probably be getting through a DM or other players in a more conventional tabletop setup? This game has it.The main plot alone does seem to be pretty long and extensive, and that's not even cutting into the Dragonfall campaign expansion.Navigation is third-person point and click, combat is turn-based and a lot of the gameplay in general is pretty straight-forward."
76561198021615766,Recommended,234650,10772467,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Raevir,This is a fun immersive game aimed directly at the people who played the Shadowrun games back on the SNES and Genesis.  The Dead Man's Switch story was linear but still very entertaining and the user generated content keeps getting better.  Worth checking out if you enjoy turn based strategy with a futuristic yet magical feel.
76561198039861861,Recommended,234650,10774576,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AlphaCrimson,//////
,Recommended,234650,10879133,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gentleman wizard,"Although very linear, an engrossing storyline, exceptional soundtrack, and outstanding mod support make this a very worthwhile title."
,Recommended,234650,10881850,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,darrensilk3,"Deep cyberpunk story line with great turn based combat, the guns sound like they are causing substatial damage to the enemy, and it's my first foray into turn based combat games, but if all are half as good as this then it's a great genre. The game overall reminds me of a cross between Freedom Fighters, XCOM, and a little Blade Runner and Judge Dredd thrown in for good measure. Plus having extra plug-in missions seeks to give this game longevity, which is fantastic as I very much look forward to the next installment."
76561197972359918,Recommended,234650,10917684,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bertilak,"I'm done with ""Dead Man's Switch"" and a few missions into ""Dragonfall.""tl,dr: Don't buy the game unless you buy Dragonfall with it.The combat is a bit simple, though turning up the difficulty helps immensely to provide a more engaging, complicated experience. It certainly doesn't feel like the fluidity one finds in a real tabletop game session, but then, to expect that from a computer game is usually folly.The heart, and meat, of the game is, rather, in its dialogue and world. For clarity, don't expect voice acting and animated cutscenes. It's more in the mein of the aging RPGs like Baldur's Gate, but even less frilly. Characters are rendered convincingly, and with their own authorial voices. The writing never worse than ""pretty good.""But where Dead Man's Switch (the base campaign) never gets far above pretty good, and maintains a dreary linearity at all times, Dragonfall excels. Dragonfall's characters and story are much more believably written, the world more flavorful, and the story less full of deus ex machina windfalls.Where Dead Man's Switch feels like a saturday morning cartoon, Dragonfall is more like a well-written, high-budget film. I might watch both, but you can be sure I'd much rather watch the latter."
76561198043648027,Recommended,234650,10919147,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,diasho2,"Hoy Chummers.Shadowrun Returns takes you through a solid introduction to the cyberpunk world of shadowrun where classic fantasy, (sword and sorcery) meets cyber enhanced super soldiers.  When I first saw that this game was going to be done I was afraid another company was going to screw it up the way Microsoft did when they failed making another game trying to use the Shadowrun name.    Thankfully this is not the case.  The first story deadman switch is a good solid introduction to the world of being a gun for hire.  While the story is largly liniar the additional content added by players adds vast replayability to the original quest and provides a huge amount of additional content. Dragonfall adds several more hours and more options for play as well.Another thing that has been nice is that many of the bugs that are/were in this have been fixed.  So many products are released to die where this game has been continually updated to ensure problems when found are solved.For RPG fans or those who remember playing one of the many table top cyberpunk games,  this is a great game worth every penny."
,Recommended,234650,11043711,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,tekhedd,"The base game is decent; the DLC is very good. Base game introduces you to all the game mechanics and is a good if not particularly deep game. The DLC on the other hand has a great plot that lends credibilty to the various runs your crew goes on, some great twists and turns, er, and also has some battles that are (potentially) cruelly unfair, awful, and frustrating.I just had trouble with the one battle, but I read that others had trouble with one or two others. I expect that it depends on play style and the party you bring. The battles often have some sort of interesting twist or surprise that makes them really interesting, but depending on your party and playstyle the same twist can make it very frustrating instead. Maybe the occasional rage quit is the price you pay for the cool surprises. :)In summary:a) strongly recommended, worth buying just to play the DLC, andb) AUGH. AUGH AUGH AUGH. AUGH MMMWAAAH! AUGH! DIE! DIE! DIE! KILL! WHY AM I DOING THIS TO MYSELF? ISN'T THIS SUPPOSED TO BE FUN??? OK calm down, let's try it again.Four stars. A generally great game and totally worth your money. Expect 1 (and possibly 2  or 3 depending on what party you bring) really unfair battles in the DLC. :)  No, really, it's a little frustrating, but you care because it's good. Just buy it."
76561197980346458,Recommended,234650,11102478,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Einulf171,"Linear plot, but the excellent universe and writing make it worth while.  The tactical combat is quite good as well.  This is a game you play to read.  Highly recommend."
76561198042062780,Recommended,234650,11103523,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ghalion_rabbit,a breath of fresh air.this is a great game just wish it were longer when i get a chance i plan on getting the expansion.love the way users can create there own campaigns making the replay-ability of this game almost endless.
76561198030398907,Recommended,234650,11140611,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Lehfuzius,"This is a great game!Sadly the AI is weak, but I always liked the SR-setting and this game puts some effort that you can ""feel"" the world arround you.The Dead Mans Switch is the less good, but it shows great the bug-plague, that harrasses the world of Shadowrun.Dragonfall is one of the best rpg-campaigns I played for long. Of course your actions don't really change the storyline, but I allway liked interactive books, and thats it.The whole game is a little bit of anachronistic I think, but it does not loose by that. In my humble opinion this is even better, because this way they told two beautiful stories and created a game that does give Shadowrun the tactical feeling I allways felt wenn playing on the table.So I hope there will be som AI-fixes for the higher difficulties."
76561198093609234,Recommended,234650,7219339,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Dimetrodon,I LOVE THIS GAME SOOOO MUCH! ITS AMAZING!
,Recommended,234650,7887892,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Scion,If your into cyber punk or rpg games this is a game you should try outwhile the main campaign is lackluster and favours combat over anything else the community projects in the workshop are what make it truly worth buying
,Recommended,234650,9175560,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Scharf As A Tack,Solid TBS release. Campaign is a bit short but well thought through. Only negative is a really inconvenient save structure (or lack thereof).Edit for Dragonfall DLC: Save system amended. New campaign was quite enjoyable .
76561198128651313,Recommended,234650,9403807,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,tracks1982,"I really enjoyed the game.  The goods:  Excellent combat sequences, neat class/race selections, incredible scenes, interesting story (very bladerunner-esk).  The bads:  it was too story/rpg heavy and there wasn't any free play/roam ability.  If this were a fifty dollar game I wouldn't buy it but for 15 bucks its well worth it."
,Recommended,234650,9419216,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sleeping Knight,"Excellent RPG with a griping story. I'm not going to post spoilers but the storyline is nice. The gaming system makes me wish the game runs on forever. The turn-based combat is exactly what I like, combined with the nearly limitless combination of magic and technolgies, it is ubercool...A few things to improve on though. One is to make the game screen rotatable so that the hidden corners can be seen. Secondly, it will be great if we can train up more than one character for the story, molding two or more characters to our liking instead of just hiring mercenaries to fill up the party with the main character."
76561198060682481,Recommended,234650,10005727,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Havok,"Awesome!  This game is it, the IN, the IT, the NOW.  In 'lamen's' terms; it FRAKING ROX!!! >XDDef a must buy for any RPG lover.  Reminds me of the Good 'ol Days of Fallout style grindage.  Great story, great characters, awesome environment and atmosphere.Play it Now!"
76561197972604226,Recommended,234650,10019977,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dr. Steve Chaos,"Well-executed spiritual successor to the old SNES & Genesis console games; my only complaint is the linearity of the story. That aside, an enjoyable, well-executed game."
76561198015144629,Recommended,234650,10033847,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Ohyra,"A cool RPG looking back to the good old days of legendary isometric games like Fallout 1 & 2 - but Shadowrun Returns suffer from modern stupification in aspects of linearity and complexity. Another game that would go from 7/10 to 9/10 by dropping all the mobile device/console porting crap and instead focusing on making a solid complex game for players that use a keyboard and mouse input... The interface is quite clunky but does it's job kind of ok, but simple things like the lack of a proper inventory management on quests and weird vendor buy/sell dialogue makes me MAD!The main story module ""Dead mans switch"" is extremely linear and side quests are few. As an RPG heavily focused on combat it still has a solid story and memorable characters, all dialogue being text based makes for a huge variety in dialogue options that is sadly not always used to create a more complex story. Things like the stat based etiquette system works nicely but could really be more developed and used often. The artwork is beautiful with a hand drawn style and there are lots and lots of small details everywhere.Best thing in the game is the epic awesome soundtrack - easily one of the very best in the gaming world and on the same high level as HL2 + episodes OST. From dark ambient synthetic themes to adrenaline pumping beats with grinding guitars when in combat to blip-blop digital jazz when hacking into the Matrix it is for me the main component for immerion in this game. The track ""Double Cross"" is freakkin awesome!The game has a heavy focus on combat but it does IMO not match up to the tactical sandbox complexity in Fallout Tactics, despite things like magic, cyberware and a broad array of special attacks. Combat still is good and fun, sometimes very challenging on higher difficulty, and it is refreshing with a return to turn based combat that rewards planning ahead and managing your APs instead of just button-mashing QTE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Highly recommended, if you get the deluxe version with the OST ;)"
,Recommended,234650,9435936,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Soth,"This is a really fun game. It's a bit linear, and sometimes can be frustrating, but overall, its well worth the money. The Dragonfall Episode is particularly good, very very strong writing which is something of a rarity in gaming today.Opa!"
76561197993234936,Recommended,234650,9462422,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Lowblow Pierrot,"Well, you probably know the buzz: Dragonfall good, base campaign bad.  So, that's true.Here's a thing: while rounding your character out a little in Dragonfall is great, make sure you pick your one or two things to specialize in pretty hard.  Ain't no love for cyber bards in this game."
76561198025864827,Recommended,234650,9536161,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Plasmid,"do you like cyberpunk? (of course you do, everyone loves cyberpunk)do you like alot of free content?do you like creating your own content?so buy this game. NOW."
76561198059363061,Recommended,234650,9556681,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Sly Scy,"Oh, it's good to be back in the Barrens. Remembering the joys of running through corporate megaplexes as a shotgun-wielding raccoon shaman, being flanked by associates and hired goons, I had forgotten how much I missed this game system. And here it is, in a lovely isometric strategy game.The writing is golden, just as FASA's source material always has been. The world is a lovely shade of dire, where everyone is likely to put a manabolt in your back and every terminal could fry your gourd with some Black IC. And HareBrained Schemes was nice enough to toss in a level editor, just in case you feel froggy enough to make your own tales."
76561198030785084,Recommended,234650,9563008,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Awesome Wolfy,"Very deep and immersive story line. It's got solid combat a great leveling system an interesting cyber punk world where ""tech meets magic. The campaign will take a few days to beat if you read everything the way i did, also if thats not enough people are always making their own campaigns if your still itching for more they just released a 12+ hour campaign in a whole new city.If you love turn based strategy rpgs for 15$ you really should give this a buy. Dragonfall it's expansion/sequel is a whole new campaign for the same price."
76561198038234169,Recommended,234650,9674956,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Lucifer,"Old school rpg brought to life right here... An amzing story with some decent choice to it, great script, unique setting and fun turn based tactical combat if this is what you like then you will be plaeased just remember you have to actually read there is no voice acting which i know will kill it for a fewDont forget the DLC Dragonfall another amazing story... Short nd sweet"
76561198038454010,Recommended,234650,10119005,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Maniok,"As an huge fan of Shadowrun RPG, i'm very proud to say this game is GOOD and i expect many more of his kind."
,Recommended,234650,10138366,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Burzdea,"I am a huge rpg-geek, and for me story and the connection to ones character is one of the most important keys to a good game. I usually also is a so called graphic ♥♥♥♥♥, I have issues playing games if the graphics don't blow me away. This made me hesitant to buy Shadowrun Retuns, since I've had issues playing the early FallOut games (and they are great in all other aspects I love in a game).But I gave Shadowrun Returns a chance, and boy am I glad I did! It is a great old rpg with amazing atmosphere and the right amount of twist, reveals and epic to pull the player in. The graphics didn't bother me at all, the combat isn't to annyoing nor taking away from the story and it runs smooth.I reccomend it it to anybody wanting to play a nice cyberpunk rpg!"
,Recommended,234650,10749520,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cyberpunk247,"A very fun hybrid of a tactical game and a point and click RPG. Delve into the Shadowrun universe, with it's unique mixture of fantasy and cyberpunk tropes as you take your customized character through an unfolding mystery to discover the fate of a fallen associate! Definitely reccomend, while the game is not without flaws (the save system only being at the end of missions) It represents the universe well covering things from small details (Soykaf instead of coffee, the language of the futuristic society) to the more horrifying (BTL Chips) and even some cameos by familiar faces for those who are familiar with the games that came out on the Genesis and SNES.If you liked XCOM the battle system should be like slipping on a comfortable pair of shoes, if your a fan of the Shadowrun pen and paper or just like the universe you won't be disappointed. Even if your a novice but are a fan of authors like William Gibson and Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥(or even just really liked The Matrix) then I think you'll enjoy!"
76561198036721559,Recommended,234650,10753282,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,rszakats,"A very good Cyberpunk-ish RPG in the world of Shadowrun. The story and the characters are interesting and the game has a very good atmosphere. The only problem is, that the main campaign is only ~12 hours long. The fighting is turn based and the classes are well balanced.The Dragonfall DLC also recommended, with a nice story and enjoyable characters.If you are an RPG fan, this game is highly recommended, and if you are a Shadowrun fan, it's a must have. :-)"
76561198051176938,Recommended,234650,10759248,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mordimor,"Amazing game, awesome story.Can't wait for this game to be rebooted for this age. That, or just bring out more sequals! Need more!"
76561198008188394,Recommended,234650,10859777,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ulmeistern,A little linear but very good.
,Recommended,234650,10919931,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,-MDG- Colonelorange,"This game kicks butt! Anyone that is into turn based combat will love this game. A mature story, cool futuristic setting, and fun galore."
,Recommended,234650,10938551,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drenai,"I've been looking at this product for some time now and finally tried it out during the sale.Gameplay is a mix of Baldursgate, X-com and Jagged alliance, in one bag all mixed up.If your old school RPG player, the controls are spot on in my opinion.A lot of reading is required and from time to time and puzzles needs solving as well. So if your the ""clicking type"" this might not be it for you.Combat needs a tactical approach and not always easy, which is a bonus. You have to really use the environment and group to succeed during most encounters.The campaign story line is very well put together and you get a real feel for the characters included.After the campaign your able to download and play community made scenarios and campaigns. Some offer character import, which is a big bonus. I only tried one so far, but it gave me the feeling that the character is still ""running"" and I'm already looking forward to try out more of this ""endless"" content.Conclusion:Money well spend on this game. Its been a while since I last tried a game that i couldn't simple walk away from. Campaign was very exiting and the urge to keep going was present all the way, while having the feeling that hopefully it wouldn't end to soon, because it's fun :)I've been playing the pin and paper version for decades and I must say this one comes really close to the real thing."
76561198015234055,Recommended,234650,10967754,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Victor the Cleaner,"Good News:This game stays extremely close to the feel of the core game of Shadowrun, so much so it feels like it's been released by FASA during the 90's in tone and theme,  It also tries very hard to give you customization of the shadowrunner classes or lets you make your own main character to get through the plot the way you want to.  The story is engaging and the characters are deep.Bad News:The core mechanic of combat feels simple.  It uses a turn based, seek cover mechanic which feels a bit like a slower version of Dawn of War II.  Combat starts abruptly and you can be left in the lurch.  There's also no way to end combat which makes some parts just a little bit of a slog once you kill all of your enemies and have to traverse the map taking turns.   I played a mage and feel like I got a little shafted because you don't get to play in the Matrix unless you want to split your skills, you can't assense, go astral, or summon elementals.  You're just a better, more versatible combat monster.However:The Good outweighs the bad.  If you were a fan of the tabletop RPG or like the theme of technology mixed with magic, it's definitely worth a playthrough.  If you don't like story or you expect more tactics in your combat, skip it."
,Recommended,234650,11096061,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,von_Königsberg,"After playing through both of this game's campaign, I can say I loved every moment.  Each playthrough was very different and the game mechanics are tight and well refined."
,Recommended,234650,11129292,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,PAIN_TRAIN,10/10 love everything about it
,Recommended,234650,11171757,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dines,Aw damn this game is good. And Shadowrun is just an awesome setting...
,Recommended,234650,11176944,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Viðarr,"I am not nearly finished with this game, but already the environment and storyline are exactly what I am looking for in a Shadowrun campaign. Highly recommended."
76561197984859497,Recommended,234650,11240252,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,pooleman06,"That moment you realize you have heard this sample before, oh yea, the same sample in Insanity is in Shadowrun Returns! You'll hear it."
,Recommended,234650,11450088,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,FireDrake,"A short review right now - still playing the game.I am relatively new to playing many of the classic games of the 90s. I didn't even know Shadowrun Returns existed until I came across it on a steam sale, but the high community rating piqued my interest, along with the steampunk art style and setting.I've only done a little D&D in my life (getting into that more, actually, now that I'm an adult) but I love how SR carries through the feel of D&D combat without bogging you down in details. It's easy to learn but requires tactical thinking.The story has been more engrossing than I expected. For a game without voice acting, I'm drawn in by the story of a friend's murder and the quest to know.If you like the dungeon genre but want some sci-fi in your life, pick up this gem and give it a try."
76561197970927915,Recommended,234650,11526278,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Variant,"Having never played a Shadowrun game, I was surpised to discover a good casual game with nice soundtracks. I only encountered one glitch where the game hung, near then end, when you discover the real reason for the killings and who was responsible. Simply restarting the level from the last save and choosing a different character response was all that was needed. I was doubtful about replay value but seeing that the game includes Steam Workshop, there are plenty of user generated content available to play. Also, if you're creative and have the time then you can use the game editor to create and share your own story. After a quick search, you'll find plenty of tutorial videos for using the game editor. I've yet to try the DLC but Shadowrun Returns is easily an 8/10 game."
,Recommended,234650,11930066,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,robin7crows,"Shadowrun Returns (Dead Man's Switch) has some of the best writing of any game I've played this year, but the early going can be somewhat frustrating as SR unfortunately plays its cards close to its chest before opening up the world. After an extended prologue, though, the game blossoms into a story that pulls from classic noir fiction like Raymond Chandler's Marlowe stories and Polanski's Chinatown coupled with the richly detailed background fiction of the Shadowrun universe. ""Cyberpunk and magic"" is a concept that should, by all accounts, collapse into utter silliness, but somehow SR manages to keep finding interesting (and sometimes amusing) twists on both of these themes.While the art style is clean and the interface generally functional (inventory management is a sore spot), be aware that this is a game that really only gives as much as you're willing to bring to it -- there are no 3D environments, voiced dialog, or cut scenes, but the game manages to be immersive in the same way that dreamily browsing through a gamebook and conjuring adventures can be. Some reviews have faulted the plot for being overly linear, and while I always appreciate more player agency, it really wasn't an issue for me here.My main complaint is the way the game paces itself in doling out the fun skills and cool toys. Early on it's hard to understand why I'd want to invest in particular skill sets when there's little explanation of how they function or game scenarios that take advantage of them. It's not until the midpoint of the game that distinctive SR features like rigs, decks, and chroming really even come into play which makes it frustrating to define your character without knowing what kind of build you're even shooting for. While I have no problem holding back some surprises, I would have rather seen the advanced stuff up on the shelf early on so I had a better idea of what I could aspire to be. In the worst case, you can never go wrong with shooting something with a gun or throwing a fireball at it, though a lot of the fun in SR comes from mixing and matching all the different combinations available.But the story and characters are well drawn, the dialog full of personality, and once events pick up steam I felt compelled to chase down the conclusion. By the end I'd developed a lot of affection for both my character and the friends she'd made along the way; I was sorry to see them go (and that there are currently no plans to continue their story) but based on the strength of this initial foray I'll definitely be checking out the sequel, Dragonfall. Definitely recommended."
76561198012889566,Recommended,234650,12133860,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,jamega61706,"I don't know if I'm playing this game correctly.  I REALLY WANT to like this game.  I've only played the story that comes with the game originally and as far as i can tell, there's no way to level your character before key fights.  It's very linear, and almost seams more like a vivid book than an actual game.  In the original Shadowrun, I would do tons of missions to get paid and level my items, then progress the story.  This version seems to lack the freedom that the original boasted.  Although I didn't have the fun that I wanted to, it is an extremely beautiful game.  It holds very true to the original lingo and settings as well.  There is a TON of user created content for this game, so I'm still going to give it a thumbs up.  Good luck, chummer!"
76561198007537241,Recommended,234650,11328141,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,kiet,Really dig this game.  Like the turn based combat.  Good story and setting in the official missions.  Not enough loot though.  And official missions are very linear.  Not much chance to go off on your own program.  Haven't tried the player made missions yet.  Gonna check some of them out next.
,Recommended,234650,11478355,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Harcile,"I have been forced to rewrite my review because Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall is DLC thus can not be reviewed independently.Basically, I did not recommend Shadowrun Returns on its own. It is too short, too easy, too linear, and the combat mechanics aren't particularly interesting.Dragonfall is longer, harder, and less linear, albeit suffers from the same flaw of conversation choices appearing to be irrelevant and merely affecting the current conversation and little else. However SR:Dragonfall is a good enough game to recommend even if the combat still is a little on the shakey side.Both SR and SR:Dragonfall suffer from dumb AI, so don't expect it to tactically challenge you other than some enemies being far more dangerous than others, but the good writing and significant content of Dragonfall make it more than good enough to recommend. I would not recommend getting SR without Dragonfall though."
76561198108296385,Recommended,234650,11555818,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dreamミ☆Cast,It's a very fun game but I had no clue it was so story driven. For every 5 minutes of combat you have to read through 20 minutes of dialogue. This made the main story go by rather slowely for me but don't let that deter you because in the workshop you can find custom stories that have a much heavier focus on combat. Regardless it is still a great game and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes turn based strategy games or anyone who likes to fully indulge themselves in a great story.
,Recommended,234650,12134520,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kaiser,"Its a mix bag if you play the Snes(?) version of the first shadow run then this might fit your playstyle , i wish there was a option to go back to the first shadowrun battle style but the one in this version is 2nd best !"
