user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,234900,12497572,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,anti-magic,"Writing this review such a long time after finishing Anodyne leaves me grasping to describe the game.Zelda by way of Earthbound seems to be a good summary though. Basic combat, sometimes awkward controls and movement set in a very unusual world that often tries to throw bizarre metaphors and philosophical discussions at your mute protagonist.At this point though, the few people who have not played the game would be remiss to pass up on the opportunity to play this delightfully unique game, especially with how often it is on sale and features in bundles. There's the enough challenges peppered throughout, accompanied by an effectively simple soundtrack and the dialogue does have a few moments of humour and insight."
,Not Recommended,234900,11313838,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,the1cory,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  While I appreciate what the developers were striving for, I just can't recommend this game to others.  On the surface this appears to be a Zelda clone.  While that sounds promising, on delving deeper into this title nothing could be further from the truth.  While Zelda relies on great combat and clever puzzles, Anodyne relies on unfair combat and ridiculously hard platforming.  Enemies don’t stop in their tracks or bounce back when you hit them, so enemies that require numerous hits invariably result in damage to you as they just plow forward through your attacks.  In addition, the number of times you die from attempting next to impossible jumps becomes too much to bear.  Add in that native controller support simply does not work (in the forums the developers even go so far as to suggest getting a third party program such as xpadder or joy2key to make it work) even though partial controller support is listed on the store page, and I feel you have a product that could have used a lot more polishing before releasing on Steam.  For every moment of fun I experienced with this game, I experienced several more of frustration.  On a side note, towards the end of the game suddenly the F word appeared several times in dialog, whereas the rest of the game had been devoid of swearing.  While I have no problem with swearing in video games, I was playing through this game with my young niece and this sudden unexpected change in tone was not appreciated nor did it seem to fit the game.  Overall I would rank this game a 5/10."
76561198042748030,Not Recommended,234900,8452601,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mogan,"My feelings on the game are as follows, I appologize for the poor formatting:I really, really wanted to like this game. I enjoy the visual style and the classic Legend of Zelda type gameplay. There are many interesting areas in the game and amusing little tidbits that come from dialog and secrets, but they are spoiled by the convoluted, often repetetive parts that come between them. The mechanics always feel kind of off (you fight with a broom that you can only thrust forward, making combat feel awkward, *spoiler* the jump mechanic is introduced a little while into the game and to me, the length of the jump felt weird, etc.). You can play for a fairly long time without any story elements popping up, and when they do they're vague and make little sense, so I was personally not drawn in by the story, though others apparently were. I'll admit that I didn't finish the game, so maybe it comes together more closer to the end.If you have any questions, comment them and I'll try to respond (though this is my first review, so I don't even know if I can comment in response to your questions, I guess we'll find out)."
,Recommended,234900,10292697,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jragghen,"Anodyne is a top-down action/adventure game largely drawing from the SNES/Game Boy type of Legend of Zelda games for inspiration. You move between individual screens both in overworld and in dungeons, and fight enemies and solve puzzles in order to unlock new items which allow you to proceed.Anodyne is a rather charming, laid back game, but it didn't leave any particularly lasting impression on me. It was a nice throwback to a style of game which I once enjoyed, is a little self-aware but not annoyingly so, but the story seemed secondary to everything else and was more there to string together a series of set-pieces. The music was quite good.It's alright. If you enjoyed Link to the Past or Link's Awakening back in the day, it's worth a look, although moreso on sale when you can."
,Recommended,234900,15022636,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mallas,"Anodynefeels like an homage toThe Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, but everything is just very... strange. Just like the classic Zelda game, it's played from a top-down perspective and many of the enemies are even based on similar enemies from the Zelda series. Some of the dialog is even a direct reference toLink's Awakening.Young, the character you play as, wields a trusty broom instead of a sword. Sometimes the broom must be used to push around piles of dust in order to solve simple puzzles. These puzzles never feel to be the main focus, though, and there's an unexpected amount of jumping obstacles in many of the dungeons. You discover a few add-ons for your broom throughout the game, but that's the limit of the items you can use.You travel through varied environments and have many odd encounters. Throughout the game, the mood shifts between being slightly ""off"" to very wrong. It's hard to explain, but here's an example: in one dungeon, there are inexplicably a bunch of identical-looking men that just wander the screen. You can't speak to them or attack them, but they stop your movement and you can push them out of the way. Whenever these men are on screen, there is a creepy sound effect. At another point in the game,you walk down a dock to a fisherman. When you press the button to try to talk to him, Young instead pushes him into the lake and he drowns in a bloody whirlpool.Even later,you must kill a bunch of townspeople so a guy will let you into his house.It's some very odd stuff, and much of it is accompanied by a somewhat creepy atmospheric soundtrack without much of a melody.As a big fan of classic 2D Zelda games, I was excited to try outAnodyne. It's definitely a unique experience. Gameplay-wise, it never feels as well-polished as your typical Zelda game, but I did enjoy my time with it for the most part. There were a few times when I got lost and had to consult some maps online, though. At the very end of the game, I found that I had to get 36 of the hidden ""cards"" to progress. Fortunately I had gotten most of them while playing through, but it could have been particularly frustrating if I hadn't been collecting them throughout my game."
,Recommended,234900,8810758,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kerf Merf,"Stylistically, this reminded me a bit of Space Funeral, in a good way. It uses tried-and-true mechanics (with a bit of a spin) as part of its storytelling, but in a very subtle way.The story itself is difficult to follow. The main theme certainly seems to be about some self-centered individual who is in a constant cycle of breaking and mending a friendship with someone else. The story begins with us in the middle of one of the ""breaks"" in the friendship. Young, the player character, expects it to be easy to fix the friendship, but the friend, Briar, is savvy to the cycle and won't be so quick to forgive. Young's journey is a humbling one, as he has to come to terms with his imperfections in order to show Briar he has changed. However, we can assume the cycle will continue. At least... that's what I got out of the story.It's always tough with these sorts of surreal games to tell if it's just being weird for weird's sake or if everything has a specific meaning. However, this game at least stays consistent in its presentation, and for that much it's commendable.The writing is excellent, the visuals are gorgeous for pixel art, the soundtrack is great (and surprisingly deep), and though the game only has one real mechanic for puzzles, it continually finds ways to keep it fresh. Unfortunately, the game is VERY formulaic. It doesn't take long to figure out exactly how each area will play out: enter a region, explore every cell on the map, enter a dungeon, explore every cell on the map, collect cards, fight a boss, repeat.The dungeons themselves are designed impeccably and the overall pace is good enough that the predictability isn't too problematic. But occasionally I did roll my eyes upon entering a new area, thinking ""Well here we go again.""Still, if you like Legend of Zelda and games with a deeper thematic experience than average, I can't recommend this highly enough."
76561198013723081,Recommended,234900,25490016,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"This game is weird. Ive beaten and still do not understand anything about it...It is a rpg, but a confusing one at that..I recommend just because it is quite fun to play."
,Recommended,234900,21353201,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"Cute little A-RPG obviously inspired by 2D Zelda games.Everything about it is very dream-like, from the environment to the soundtrack. Some of it made me feel a bit nostalgic and sad while sometimes it was just eerie.It's difficult to make sense of the story but you do kind of get the idea. Do keep in mind that this is supposed to be your character's subconscious. It will make allusions to real life and how your character, Young, is just trying to stay out of it.Even though it's left to interpretation quite a bit, it doesn't feel like one of these very artsy games that makes no sense no matter how you look at it and that any vague interpretation could somewhat match. It's dreamy but still fairly obvious.The game never feels exceptional but it's fun to go through. It shows multiple good example of game design where the game willshowyou that something is possible rather than tell you. You learn from doing and looking rather than reading.Puzzles were never overly elaborate or complicated but required enough thinking that it felt satisfying to solve them most of the time. Some enemies were difficult enough to be challenging without being frustrating.The only thing I liked less of the game is the lack of ""tracking"". The lack of direction it has is perfectly fine as it just reinforces the exploration and adventure part. But there are some stuff that you will need to go back to later on in the game and the only thing the game tracks is where you've been. It would have been cool to see how many chests/cards you've obtained in each area. I found myself 2 or 3 cards short from being able to access the last area and just looked them up since I didn't feel like exploring every area I've been to another time.Otherwise, it was a really mysterious and cool experience. Although it borrows a lot from Zelda, don't expect this game to be one, just similar in some regards.Takes about 6 hours or so to finish, without skipping anything before the end of the game (there are some extra stuff once you're done). Considering this, 11$ might be a tad expensive but definitely get it if it's on sales.Update:Followed a friend's advice and went back to get the remaining cards. I have to say, this further improve my opinion on this game.I initially thought it would be a chore, the sort of collectible you see in every AAA that serve no purpose other than extend the play time.I'll avoid spoiling anything but after completing Anodyne, you are given a tool which allows you to... Reach places you couldn't reach before. ...Including places youshouldn'treach.It's surprisingly cool to go back and try to find anything you could have missed, especially the way that you're able to. There's something hard to describe about it... It's kind of like spying, seeing things you're not sure you should see. It's the same feeling as whenever you use debug functions or any sort of ""wall hack"" in a game and start seeing stuff that are no visible in the main game.It made me remember all the time I spent exploring in Ocarina of Time with glitches. Or lookin at all the unused content. Except in Anodyne, it's actually part of the game. There are a bunch of areas that are not accessible in the ""normal"" game, and a lot of hidden goodies in them!I'm glad I went back, this made me like this game a lot more than I already did."
,Recommended,234900,13178531,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,viRo369,"Anodyne is a brilliantly designed adventure that translates well-worn mechanics into a package that feels genuinely new and exciting. While an over-reliance on frustrating jumping puzzles keeps it from greatness, it's a remarkable achievement for its tiny team – a freaky, fascinating exploration of the darker side of gamer psychology. 10/10"
,Recommended,234900,12869697,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,OrchidReverie,"Brilliantly dreamt up but executed with a few flaws. The atmosphere surrounding this game is incredible, unbelievably oneiric. This game is pretty polished and will definitely be enjoyed anyone who has loved top-down Zelda games (Link to the Past, Oracle of Seasons/Ages, etc). Made for the older crowd, it has a few suggestive themes that seem oddly places but shouldn't hamper gameplay. The polish seems to wear off near the end with the final stages/chapters (don't want to spoil anything) yet keeps a good incentive for those that want to go back into the game. Personally, I enjoyed the first time through and would love to see a spiritual successor by the creators. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,234900,12496407,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Goshyn,"It's as if you had a dream, You're playing A link to the past and then wake up playing a different game. The Zelda classics influence has seeped into Anodynes subconscious and is better for it. Even within the first hour the areas you encounter are varied but share a distinct ambient feel reminiscent of Addams Family Values for the SNES and A Link to the Pasts penchant for tooled puzzles. The music pushes curiosity and retains a sense of exploration and puzzlement as the text is cryptic and at times humorous leading you to one area after another. My one nitpick is that the game may be a bit too easy, or at least for those who've been around top down RPG's like Zelda before. None the less there are not enough games the can be played for simple exploration and promote more relaxation that hard grinding and I'd recommend it to any fans of Zelda or someone who's looking for a game to sit and chill with at night."
76561198002124849,Not Recommended,234900,30072350,Posted: 20 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Really not sure what to think of this game.At first play, it's a quaint little Zelda clone where you use a broom instead of a sword.Once you go a bit deeper, it's a depressing manifesto of the dev's psyche.Once you beat it though, it's pretty disappointing. You'd think that with the story setup and the way that the dialogue progresses from the mid- to late portions of the game, the narrative would evolve and culminate into something worthwhile at the end.It doesn't.Pros:+Decent writing (mostly)+Good pixel art+Good music+Solid Gameboy-era Zelda gameplayCons:-Too easy, though occasionally frustrating (not exactly challenging, though)-Too short-Pointless endingIf you need to waste 5 hours and 5 bucks, go for it. Definitely not worth 10. Given the default price point, I have to unfortunately rate this game ""not recommended"", as it caused me just as much frustration as it did joy. Not quite worth it for the narrative, not quite worth it for the gameplay. Pick it up on a really, really good sale."
,Recommended,234900,5461940,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,MilkAndLettuce,"If Yume Nikki and the Legend of Zelda had a psychadelic baby, this would be it."
76561198298551107,Recommended,234900,30715617,Posted: 24 March,all,deseretgear,"I've been glitching myself into walls for the past 2 hours. Don't worry! It's not a bug, it's an after-game feature! You'll understand when you beat the game (and if you are as tenacious and curious as me). I've gotten stuck in a tree 15 times so far and had a blast each time.Pros:Hitting monsters with a broomLarge world to exploreBeautiful pixel artinteresting charactersextensive after-game explorationintruiging storylinea bycicle named waressassy talking statueCons:That stupid circus boss. Actually all the circus dudesI had to kill a fisherman and now I feel badRatings:Some f-bombs.  Violence (obviously) and some disturbing imagery.Overall an excellent game. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to try swapping through the hotel without falling to my death. See ya!"
,Recommended,234900,12754872,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,V1NC3,"This is a mix of Earthbound and Zelda. It has surreal aspects and themes, some old school zelda-like dungeons and combat, with the humor and deep side of Earthbound. It is a crazy good game, you just get drawn-in and can't lose interest in this world. Unique and original game. 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,234900,29999825,Posted: 17 February,all,thinknervous,"Wow, this game captures everything you love about Zelda! ... except for the ""fun"" part.The overworld is twice as big as an old-school Zelda game, and ten times more empty. Just because there's a lot of space on the map doesn't mean that walking around it is ""exploring."" There's not much to discover, not many enemies to fight, and well over an hour in I don't understand who I am, where I am, what I'm suppoed to be doing... which would be fine, except that there's also no compelling air of mystery. I don't WANT to know those things. I don't WONDER about them. All there is is a bunch of lame ""meta"" jokes that would be charming if the game itself were interesting enough to get meta about it.I'm sure it gets better if you play it longer, but why would you? It's PAINFULLY boring.Music and graphics are legitimately great though, I'll give it that."
,Recommended,234900,31537386,Posted: 4 May,all,A Knot Of Lights,"Anodyne is a good work of art. There's a great blend of tastes permeating this game's mechanics, and a lot of decisions the creative duo behind it made have given it a great soul. The puzzle solving is rewarding, the challenges aren't disrespectful of your time (excepting one particular platforming sequence in a later dungeon), and the combat doesn't reach outside of its bounds to achieve difficulty. All in all this game is a fantastic accomplishment, and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,234900,12285741,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sethyr,Yes. Yes yes yes yes. YES. THIS GAME. I LOVE THIS GAME. *cough*Uh. I mean this in a very objective manner. Yeah. Not cause I'm a sucker for anything similar to Link to the Past. Nope. You'd be crazy if you thought I absolutely love adventure games that reward exploration and not only makes said exploration extremely fun but the world itself is so intruiging that it makes you curious about the story behind all of this. Don't even think that just cause the game is super fun that my opinion will be influenced.Wait. Most of that is actually true.In that case. IF YOU LOVE GAMES LIKE LINK TO THE PAST AND HAS SUCH AN INTERESTING WORLD THAT MAKES YOU WANT TO EXPLORE WAY WAY MORE THEN YOU SHOULD TOTES BUY THIS GAME.Conclusion: 9/10Not long enough. Only like five or six hours long. Will now use brooms when the world comes to an end.
76561198037792793,Recommended,234900,28612576,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"It's a stripped down Zelda-like, with a lot of weird, moody, and occasionally scary atmosphere. The dungeon design reminds me a lot of the GBC Zelda games, which were my favorites.Don't buy it for a challenge though. Buy it for exploration and atmosphere. It's unique enough to be worth the purchase."
,Recommended,234900,11381244,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,betauniverse,"Huge fan of Link's Awakening on Game Boy. I probably beat it 4-5 times as a kid.Anodyne is directly influenced by LA in many ways, and other Zelda titles. A sort of postmodern Zelda for an older audience.Mechanics and art style are spot on in this vein. Challenging puzzles, unique environments and dungeons.Also a lot of good humor.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,234900,1006910,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,McNoguff,"As a top-down Zelda-like complete with overworld map and single-room puzzles, Anodyne succeeds.  As a meditation on the various states of loneliness, aggression and discovery we'd associate with adolescence, it's a little less successful. But also not super in-your-face. Which I appreciate. If the game weren't trying to communicate ideas-- or really, have any-- I suppose it'd be much worse for it. And as it is, dialog is largely skippable and the most puissant antagonists are fairly succinct. The controls are tight and the broom is pleasantly swishy while simultaneously being delightfully thwacky.Boy I'm getting off track. TL;DR:This is good. Pacing is good, puzzles are good. Graphics and sound are good. Buy it."
,Recommended,234900,757064,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,bakamono,"Anodyne is this crazy thing. It's some sort of bizarre dream, where nothing really makes sense, but it's highly entertaining. Oh yeah, and it plays kind of like Link's Awakening. And looks like it. If the GBC had a much larger color palette. It also goes completely off the rails at the end, in the absolute best way possible. I can't say enough good things about this game."
,Recommended,234900,10424169,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ZeroKitsune,"A top-down adventure game like The Legend of Zelda, but with a darker and more mysterious atmosphere and a lot of hidden content at the end. For $10, I was really happy with what I got out of this game. It's a pretty solid adventure game, but what really fascinated me was the stuff you can find if you poke around after you beat the game. It's hard to say more about it, really. The only downside is that if you're hoping for some kind of deeper meaning to the story and the darkness that permeates it, well...you're not going to get one, and that's a shame, I think, because it feels like there should be something.I really enjoyed it anyway, though, so don't let that dissuade you too much. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth, I can say that."
,Recommended,234900,24102534,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dormiebasne,"POTENTIAL SPOILER ALERTQuite a strange game. Provides insight into the mentality of the person who whittles away their youth playing video games rather than engaging with the outside world, to the detriment of personal development or even mental health. It does this only halfway, however, as it effectively backs out of this angle around the end, with the final exchange of the game basically being ""okay, let's go get tacos lol"".And, really, aside from this element of the game, it is insanely forgettable. Have you playing Zelda? Okay, it will seamlessly blend into your memories of this game. The name Anodyne, then, is quite interesting, as it means ""Serving to alleviate pain"" as well as ""not likely to offend anyone"". The insights provided in the storyline are much what any gamer will have internally going on regardless, but...the gameplay is fairly inoffensive. Irritating with how difficult it is to pull off certain manuevers, but I have difficulty even remembering this game's existence until I see it in my Library. I sunk 8 hours in playing it, so it was worth the investment, but I still would not say one should go in expecting too much. Overall, a recommendation with some reservations."
,Recommended,234900,12407505,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,cloud_dweller,"Zelda-esque. Slightly more confusing than Zelda, and the puzzles are just as hard. Oh, and your weapon is a goddamn broom.8/10"
,Recommended,234900,12294340,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DEATH,A very well crafted action adventure game in the likes of early Legend of Zelda titles. This game is a bit more challenging in it's game play but not overly difficult. I find it to be just at the right place. There is a lot of great design here that I'd say far exceeds that of classic action adventure games. It's only weak point is how short it is. Any fan of 2D action adventure games should check this one out. It is one of the more impressive indie titles in the retro-themed category. 9/10
,Recommended,234900,12930905,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,H̵̬̰̹͇̫̻͙̤͚otbingo,"This game made me feel overcome with nostalgia, and I didn't even play NES as a kid. Great Game."
76561198128945961,Not Recommended,234900,28778646,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BlazinZeppelin,"First off, I would say this game is worth the $10 price tag, but ONLY if you are a Zelda fan and/or indie adventure games. Otherwise, WAIT UNTIL IT'S ON SALE!! The combat and puzzle solving elements were good, but pretty much only because it was like that of Legend of Zelda's from the various Gameboy/NES games, a few of which I have played before and loved. So only get this if you're feeling nostalgic and want to feel like playing a Zelda-like game.I played Anodyne from start to finish, and overall was disappointed because I was expecting a lot more out of the story, when it turned out that there really wasn't much of one. You have no idea about the the world around you, your character's motive, the main villain, or any friendly NPC. Anodyne isn't even bolstered with loveable characters, since there are very few major ones and you rarely interact with them. Almost every piece of dialogue is a dumb pun or a lame ironic joke, which was endearing and cute in the beginning in small doses, but was VERY overused throughout the entirety of the game and ended up being obnoxious and empty quips.The game tries and fails to form a backstory by inserting weird item/descriptions and strange character dialogue in an attempt to be cool and mysterious (much like the Dark Souls games do, except Dark Souls actually succeeds at doing so), but these numerous parts don't actually amount to anything except a pile of vague foreshadowing that alludes to nothing. One glaring example of this is the title of the game, which a quick Google search resulted in the definitions ""not likely to provoke dissent or offense; inoffensive, often deliberately so"" or ""a painkilling drug or medicine."" Neither of these definitions has any apparent significance to the story, characters, or setting of the game.The game seemed cool because I like adventure games, especially those in the Zelda series, but the game seemed to lose direction the more I played it, concerning the story and the world that the creators were trying to build. This resulted in a mediocre game that I finished only because of cool monster designs, Zelda-like gameplay, and my unhealthy love of puzzles."
76561197976341931,Recommended,234900,28034583,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ｊａｍｉｅセトの動物,"Anodyne capitalizes on an oft-neglected area of nostalgia: handheld Zelda games. When I was growing up, one of my favorite games was Link's Awakening. I liked it more than the other Zeldas because of the unique dreamlike atmosphere it had. Anodyne copies the gameplay, and doubles down on the atmosphere to an astonishing degree. It's a truly unique specimen.The gameplay is about what you'd expect. Walk around, solve puzzles, hit things with a melee weapon (In this case a broom, not a sword). It will feel particularly Zelda-y at first, but it begins to gain its own identity as time goes on. At first I considered the game's lack of items to be its biggest flaw, but on further consideration I think this is part of what gives it its identity. The limited number of options give the combat and puzzles a certain ""purity"" to them. There are no ways to ""cheat,"" no easy way to win, just you and the challenge presented by the game. It's extra impressive since the difficulty curve is very smooth, and provides some genuine challenge by the end. Kudos to the level designers.The game takes several notes from Links Awakening, but it is not the only card that Anodyne has to play. As you progress further into the game, more and more levels appear that are influenced by other games. There are levels that remind me of Earthbound, Last Survivor, LIMBO, and a lot of Yume Nikki. In fact, Anodyne's hopping between mysterious dream worlds with different art styles is eerily similar to Yume Nikki. A couple of level themes are even shared between the two. I found Yume Nikki's lack of gameplay very disappointing the first time I played it (I have since gained a greater appreciation), and Anodyne fixes essentially all the issues that I had with it. Calling it ""Yume Nikki with story and gameplay"" isn't quite correct, but it should give you a good idea of if this game would appeal to you. If you like Zelda, Yume Nikki, surreality, exploration, atmosphere, or just a well constructed game, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,234900,20789087,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Franck Lagora,"The nebular music, the mysterious ambiant enigma of the world you discover, bit by bit, clue by clue. From the friendly discoveries promised upon looking at colorful characters, to the gruesome, nearly abstract implications of tragic scenery.Travel, back and forth, unlock, inquire, walk and look, fight and wonder, for what is before your eyes is all but anything to think as Anodyne."
,Recommended,234900,7746872,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgpQxhZiAXY
,Not Recommended,234900,7791330,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Febel,"Recommended to me by a friend who said it was very similar to the Legend of Zelda games of old. I fear he may have been being disingenuous because this is only superficially similar to those treasures. Gone are the varied and complex puzzles, the wide assortment of tools and weapons, to be replaced with tests that a monkey could solve and a broom, respectively. It tries to cover for weak gameplay with an assortment of meta humor but it comes across as kind of cloying. It admittedly does have some very interesting and atmospheric areas later in the game but I really only got there by trudging forward disregarding the fact that I wasn't really enjoying myself all that much. I bought it because I'd seen various people singing it's praises but in the end I wasn't at all impressed. It wasn't bad by any measure but it's also nowhere near as good as they say it is or as clever as it thinks it is. Buy it on sale, if at all because the one thing that I can applaud it for is that the developers have stated that they're fine with people pirating it if they want to play it."
,Recommended,234900,548172,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Betty Bea,"I am absolutely blown away by this game.Link's Awakening gameplay, a touch more difficulty, but not impossible.One complaint is that you can't use the Dpad on a 360 joypad.The atmosphere in this game will never let you relax. Creepy at times, and downright scary at others.GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,234900,832444,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,rgk,"First half is a great Zelda-like. Second half starts to fall short, since the game is orientated towards difficult TOP DOWN platforming instead of interesting puzzles. From there on I did not enjoy playing anymore."
,Recommended,234900,30998500,Posted: 7 April,all,aroach12,"Great soundtrack and atmosphere. Gameplay leans more toward the puzzles and exploring than combat. I'm not a huge Zelda-type fan, but I really enjoyed this game."
76561198001935699,Recommended,234900,33022421,Posted: 29 June,all,MONTCLAIREARE,The perfect cross between Yumme Nikki and Zelda. A sometimes sinister sometimes sweet dreamlike world to explore but with grounded mechanics and clearer goals. Weird and good and oh so satisfying to explore.A favorite.
,Recommended,234900,10597086,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ye Flask,"This is by far the best indie adventure RPG I've ever played. It is heavily derivative of top-down Zelda games like A Link to the Past, so fans of Zelda and Zelda-like games will enjoy Anodyne.GameplayAnodyne's controls are very well-designed. The fact that the game is controlled by a grand total of seven buttons (arrows, select/attack, back/jump, and menu) is an excellent design choice: far too often have I played games with separate buttons for every tool or weapon or action, or so many items that additional controls are needed to cycle through them. The menu very rarely has to be used to play the game, only needed to equip the occasional broom upgrade.The card system is cute and unique, with each card having a funny little quote about the featured character. NPC and enemy design is well done; the sprites are simple and fit the aesthetic of the game, and the AI, while sometimes frustrating, works very well.Level design, while not exceptionally innovative, is well-thought-out and well-executed, although a compass item for dungeons would be helpful for keeping track of what went where in previous rooms. The overworld is expansive and elaborate, with intricate, winding pathways in some areas and wide, open expanses in others. Again, the menu map could use some improvements, such as region labels, but it may just be a design choice.AestheticsAnodyne's 16-bit style is the perfect fit for what it is, and the idea of a Zelda-like game with modern and surrealist twists is certainly charming. The sprites and tileset are all well-drawn and aesthetically fitting, and the selective use of lighting and effects in some areas of the game is a small yet powerful touch.One of the best parts of Anodyne is its music. The music is calm and distant, yet drives the gameplay in incredible ways. The player cannot help but nod along to the groovy, eccentric beats and melodies of the Hotel, the somber, melodic sways of the Temple, or the hesitant, ominous notes of the Cavern as they roam the halls and corridors and solve the grand puzzles contained within each unique dungeon.ConsWhile overall a fantastic game, it could use a bit more in the side quest department, as the game, while nonlinear in layout, is fairly linear in terms of objective.The bosses, while generally a bit tricky on the first or second try, are overall fairly easy and simple, without much variety in fight style (dodge its attacks, strike strike strike, wait for its anger phase to pass, rinse and repeat until dead).There is not much incentive to stay alive in the game. Death means being sent back to the last checkpoint, which in a dungeon can be fairly common. Checkpoints are easy to find and easy to use, and saving at a different checkpoint from the previous one fully heals the player, which seems a bit cheap. There is no currency to be lost, and dying does not reset progress, just position: any items collected will stay collected after death, and saving is only really needed when quitting, as there is no volatile progress in need of saving.In ConclusionIf you are a fan of Zelda-like games and have 10 bucks to spare, give the game a go. As with any Steam game, however, waiting for a discount is probably the best course of action, as the $5 I bought the game for was the perfect price for the game in my opinion (but then again, I don't like paying for things, so there's that).--P~M"
,Recommended,234900,9268535,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Kassan6ra,+ funny writing (game's best trait)+ zelda nostalgia+ relaxing soundtrack- collecting cards can be tedious at times- can die pretty easily in some dungeons- cloud sync doesn't work properly
,Recommended,234900,33016877,Posted: 29 June,all,AesAthena,"Really enjoying my time in the various landscapes of ANODYNE: some pastoral and charming; others, creepy and surreal. Collecting cards makes the game feel like a scavenger hunt across the varied worlds. This is giving me a much more exciting reason to explore the beautiful maps in depth (especially since the plot so far is very very very very light).Some dialogue and texts make me wonder if there is some sort of meta story going on, but if there is, I haven't quite discovered it.I'd say this plays like YUMI NIKKI, but it's not as ""out there"" and there are also jumping puzzles and light combat that I'm finding enjoyable; nothing strenuous. You can't zone out, but this isn't Super Meat Boy, either! I enjoy the way the character moves through the screen, important for these 2D games!But! I have a warning for parents or the sensitive: on the first day, I spent about 2 hours on the game and encountered no cursing. On my second day of playing, I was surprised to discover some R-rated language in the dialogue of some NPCs. Since the game so far had appeared extremely family-friendly (I mean, you're not even given a sword to fight with!), I was really thrown by that. It felt very out of place to me.But so far that's my main complaint. Overall, this game scratches the right itch for me. Need to escape for a while but still be engaged and challenged? ANODYNE's a great place to visit!* * *Update: While I still recommend this game, the 2nd half turned tedious and frustrating for me. After I fought the boss, I tried the new ability out, and just got frustrated some more. Some would say that means I missed most of the game. Being a bit of a completionist, that bugs me, but not as much as playing more of the game would have. So...first half: great! Second half:...hmm. YMMV."
,Recommended,234900,13357146,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,mmbakalars,"This is one of my favorite games right now. It is difficult when it needs to be, requiring skill and intution to complete areas. I find myself cursing more than once as my last bit of life is exhausted, but keep playing again and again to learn the patterns and skill to make it through. It's not too hard, but just right. Plenty of save points to make sure you feel like you are making progress even if you keep dying. The story is interesting but ambiguous at first, but as I go along it keeps expanding and surprising me. The world is rich and fun to explore. Plenty of good humorous nostalgic dialogue between memorable and interesting characters/creatures. I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a good nostalgic Nintendo era style game."
,Recommended,234900,27999235,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,medicine,"Unique environments, quirky characters, and overall looming mystery with its plot make this Zelda-reminiscent adventure game definitely worth playing."
76561198049037214,Not Recommended,234900,9657570,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Erck_Attack,"A bit like Zelda, but not as clear about where you're supposed to go or what you're supposed to do. Maps are unclear and upgrades are misleadingly useless and few on top of that. Store keeper does nothing, so it's pointless. Many things in the game seem to be like that, now that I think about it. It seems like it attempts to be epic or mystical, but it just ends up confusing with no resolution to the legend it tries to create. Another disappointing mistake in the game is even the most minute incorporation of sexual dialogue and vulgarity when no other classic game epic (that Anodyne pathetically mimics) includes such explitives at all. Overall, it was fun in the moment, disappointingly confusing more often than not, and in the end just sad. Glad I got it on sale! Definitely not worth $9.99, or I'd ask for my money back!"
,Not Recommended,234900,9681315,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Hyraun,"Event though I finished the game with all the cards and *almost* all the achievements it left me feeling empty. The 8 / 16 bits graphic style is great. The music is ok for the most part. The levels are all fun and somewhat frustraiting, but not enough to make you rage quit in the middle of the game. However none of that is enough to counter the biggest down of this piece: its complete lack of story, or should I say, its completly lack of sense.Don't get me wrong, a game doesn't require to have any profound meaning to be entertaining, but this one is just too much.The zones or levels have no relation between them. It's as if they were a bunch of levels from different games put together. Young (the main character) just appears in this word for some unknown reason. It seems that he might be dreaming but you have nothing to expand this theory.In most parts of the game the NPCs present you with filosophical issues, but all of the dialogs are void and empty and provide nothing that your mind can ""munch"" into, failing to give any ""deepness"" to game. It's almost if the game was designed so that only the developers can fully understand it.And most important, for start to end, you are left with the unanswered question of ""what is this game about?"""
76561198042336255,Not Recommended,234900,28458756,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SonicLover,This is a very easy game to get lost in.  I mean that in the worst way.
,Recommended,234900,8537941,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lyrit,"There is so much I could talk about in this game, so I'm going to try to simplify it in two ways: as a game, and as a piece of art.This game is obviously inspired by the Legend of Zelda, and it takes this inspiration well. It's an overhead adventure, in which you explore the world and dungeons as well as you can. To progress throughout the game, you generally must find cards that will help you unlock gates throughout the game that require different amounts of cards. In order to get to the end of the normal, story-section part of the game, you have to investigate places well to find every last card, giving plenty of playability and exploration that doesn't grow too stale or ambigious as new challenges arise to getting each card. You may have to pay attention and give patience, but if you're trying, nothing during the normal gameplay is impossible to find out. In what is technically post-game, you gain no real rewards for what you do except unlocking a few interesting levels. A lot of the post-game items almost guarentee that you use a guide, as they are very hidden and cryptic. However, you don't have to do any of this post-game, and most of these items are pointless anyway unless you're a completionist freak. All of the post-game cards (not hidden items in general) must be found to unlock a special last area, which again doesn't serve too much of a point, but it's a sweet area and gives a sense of accomplishment. There are only two things that I would shame the game in terms of gameplay for, and that is that: 1. when you gain the jumping ability, you cannot jump over enemies or projectiles as you would logistically think, and 2. you can only have one save file, meaning that if you want to replay the game  for a speed-running achievement, you must give up your long and hard progression of card collecting. However, those serve as minor details, and the game is still extremely enjoyable.If you ever wanted to do the famous ""are videogames art?"" argument, this game would be an excellent example for proving so. Everything about this game is beautiful, to the point where I'm still thinking about it almost daily, even when I have completed it several months ago. This game is intended to be the exploration into the mind of Young, which means that everything is somewhat of a pre-set dream. And Hell, it truly is like a dream. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, and fits each individual event or area all too well. The graphics are purposely 16-bit-esque, which gives the atmosphere a surreal sense and further helps move the game's intentions of the whole story. The whole plot is an ambigious exploration throughout Young's mind, which brings up so much symbolism. You could hire the most advanced English professors of the world to try to dissect this game, and even then there would be so many possibilities as to how you could interpret almost anything. Even the very existence of characters in this dream world are controversial as to what they mean. Some themes of the game are given to you on a plate, and whether or not some purposes of the game are clear or ambigious to you, they all share ideas that the most troubled in life may have, and they may easily reflect into individuals on a personal level. This is not a ""princess is captured, go save her"" kind of plot for the thick-headed, and that is definitely an up-side.This game is a masterpiece. If you a few good hours to sit down and play videogames each day, or if you ever wonder about your dreams or life in general, you have to play this. The ten dollars are so worth it."
,Recommended,234900,22388355,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SquidAlley,"A lot of people are comparing this game to 2D Zeldas, and while there are a lot of similar elements and it's obvious that there was some inspiration drawn from it (there's even a few Zelda jokes), to me this game was more akin to Earthbound or Yume Nikki, at least in terms of atmosphere. The game comes off as a fairly basic ""save the world from evil"" but takes a more eerie turn as you play through it. Even more so if you're going for 100% of the cards and you start exploring with swap tool post-endgame.It was an entertaining game, and kept me busy for 7 hours (one playthough to experience the whole game and get all the items, and another to get the 3 hour achievement). I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to get lost in a surreal world while solving some puzzles as you go. Though some of the puzzles can be bypassed entirely at times by finding a way to cheat the system."
,Recommended,234900,2242231,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iUpbdmOzMQ&list=PL0E56219EE956754EAnodyne: A 16-bit game that goes through the very dream like story of Young in his quest to defend the Briar! The story of Anodyne is abstract and ‘weird’ and may come off in a way that becomes unappealing. For me though, Anodyne is a beautifully crafted world with a story that personally interest me, its controls are simple and fitting and each area of the game feels unique as well as strange but interesting. The music in this game also does a wonderful job of creating a very mood altering atmosphere. The game is a lot of ‘puzzle’ solving and plat-forming but never felt too hard to be frustrating but challenging enough to keep me interested. With all that said, if you enjoy 16-bith games with a unique style that harkens to older Zelda titles then I highly recommend Anodyne for its full price and hope you find your own interpretation of the story as so many others have.-Thumbs Up from RoyialVideo Reviews can be found at:www.youtube.com/user/RoyialNetwork"
,Recommended,234900,4043866,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,kmyc89,(Spoiler) You are a boy- Young. Your weapon-a broom. You have been chosen to travel with a portal-system (Nexus) between different worlds to colect cards and finally defeated someone named Briar. PS: You a children killer...
,Recommended,234900,755511,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Byronic,Anodyne is very reminiscent of classic Zelda games.  Taking you on a journey through the troubled and disturbed syche of Young.  The enviroments capture all kinds of emotions and are tied together with an amazing sound track.  Buy it 10 OUTA 10
76561198015152713,Recommended,234900,30205032,Posted: 26 February,all,Rydroponics,Trippy and amazing
,Recommended,234900,4812929,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Sephiko,A Zelda-esque game with lush colors and atmospheric music.
,Not Recommended,234900,17666992,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Anodyne. I Don’t Have Time For This Nonsense.Genre: Top Down Adventure and Puzzle Game.Developed & Published by: Analgesic ProductionsPlatform: Windows and Mac.Business Model: Base GameCopy Purchased by MyselfPreambleAs time passes by, I've grown increasingly intolerant of games like Anodyne. I’m tired of games with the mechanical depth of kiddie pools that sell themselves as hugely deep experiences. These titles that think they’re saying something profound when most of the time I’m just bored by the subtext. It’s nonsense. It’s tiresome nonsense that Anodyne finds itself in. That does color my review a bit but I do think that I point out the troubles this game has well enough to talk about it. So, let’s talk.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsAnodyne is billed as action adventure title tied with surreal and horror elements. With its 2D top-down view, the comparisons to a certain other franchise are easy to make. But look past the surface and you’ll find anything but. Anodyne is a game that’s hard to have fun with. The combat system is abrasively simple, if you can get the finicky controls to work with you. Besides moving around and a short jump, all you've got is a single weapon. Said weapon is a broom that acts like a sword and can only be ""swept"" in the direction you’re facing. You have no AOE attacks or ranged capabilities which makes your broom’s incredibly short reach aggravating. This creates some really problematic situations with both regular enemies (who take a heart a hit and will knock you back) and and boss battles. I should mention that boss fights are very basic. Just find the one place they won't be able to hit you with their highly predictable attacks and bash them over the head until they die. Rinse and repeat as often as necessary. Do, however, expect to restart often just to get past a couple of fights. I don't know what else I can say about this system other than it's awful and basic. There's no enjoyment to be found in it. Just as there's little joy to be found in the dungeon crawling.The majority of the game is puzzle solving which involves a ton of walking around and hoping you stumble upon the right switch or key to get through a door you couldn't get past. Then walk back to that door and continue rinsing and repeating this process till you've gotten through the entire game. While collecting the 48 photographs of enemies you need to finish the game. Exploration is lacking because there’s no monetary system nor can you acquire new items to enhance your character. All you can do is look at the pixelart and survive long enough to make it to the next save point. A lot of the time its just slogging it through normal enemies in long battles of attrition through fights or dungeons.Story ThoughtsThe story is this:Young, you must save >insert vague mention of land/mythical object here< from an >insert ominous vague evil here<! Now go through this door and just do it!That’s basically the best that the game ever explains itself. You're main goal is to find 48 photographs of enemies either by defeating them or finding them in treasure chests. Then, you win the game. That’s it. Of course, getting to those photographs requires getting through a whole lot of dungeons but you’re not even given the basic reasons to do this other than to do it. No princess in another castle or interesting characters to get attached to. Truly, the characters are the worst part about Anodyne. There’s only a couple of recurring characters who don’t have any personality and very limited agency in the game. They simply show up, say a few lines at you and then leave. None of the dialogue really cements that you should care. Just do it and get your achievements already.Legend of Zelda ComparisonsHaving played all of the Gameboy Legend of Zelda titles multiple times over, I can say this with absolute certainty: the comparison of Anodyne being like Legend of Zelda is a terrible one. Andoyne’s combat system is extremely stripped down, there’s no interesting story or colorful characters. Probably the only comparison that works is the dungeon crawling/puzzles. Those at least feel very similar to each other, even if they don't feel particularly good in Anodyne. Do not go into Anodyne with the expectation that this is a Legend of Zelda clone. It’s not. Consider this, at best, an experimental 2D indie “horror” game with some inspirations from previous action/adventure titles of times gone by.Abysmal PC SupportAndoyne’s PC support is abysmally bad. There’s only one resolution that the game is set to and it’s some smartphone portrait resolution. There’s no way to change it either, outside of making it run in stretched, windowed or fullscreen mode with scaling up to 5X. Controller support doesn’t work or is incredibly finicky to get running. I couldn’t get it to run and neither could quite a few people on the Steam community forums. That’s inexcusable considering the genre of game we’re talking about here. Keyrebinding is possible but it makes you set all of the keys at once so if you screw up a key, you have to do it all over again. The game’s menu isn’t mouse driven, so, have fun with that. The framerate is locked to 30FPS and it will quite often fall below 30FPS. No idea why. Oh and you can only have one save game at a time. Why? Who knows, I guess save games take up too much space. There’re a multitude of bugs and problems mentioned onPCGamingWikithat haven’t been fixed either. The poor PC support, the framerate problems and other issues are enough on their own to not recommend this game.Graphics are pixelated art pieces that use very reddish/dreary colors. While it gives Anodyne a distinct look, I found it to be overly samey and dreary to look at, so I don’t particularly like the style. Audio is a very moody and calm electronic soundtrack but I found it to be unmemorable at best. Overly repetitive at worst. There’s a single audio slider for the volume. The UI is….ok but the lack of mouse control can be confusing/annoying to deal with at times.Final ThoughtsI don’t have the time or patience for this nonsense anymore. Anodyne is certainly a different twist on the usual RPG affair with its moody atmosphere and unusual visuals. But the gameplay is puddle-deep and extremely repetitive. Controls feel far too loose/unresponsive for how much precision the game sometimes demands. Additionally, don’t be fooled by the comparisons to Legend of Zelda either, Anodyne isn’t even in the same ballpark. The most that it picks up from Zelda is dungeon crawling/puzzle solving but even that’s fairly samey/dull to get through. The bosses are poorly designed, the combat is dull at best and there’s no story or interesting characters to speak of. The world itself is just a dreary place of misery and poorly written angst. None of this is fun to play or experience. Pass on this.Read this Review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,234900,4951342,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,SwooshBear,"Pretty cool old school Zelda-ish adventure game inspired by 16-bit graphics. Adds semi-platforming which can be frustrating at first but you'll get used to it over time. Story was strange and the dialouge can be graphic or filled with references to current events. Overall, fun adventure game with some replayablility but not a ""must have""."
,Recommended,234900,1212575,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Znae,"Surreal, moody version of Link's Awakening, minus a bunch of items. Fun exploration. Music's great."
,Recommended,234900,34533387,Posted: 27 August,all,IcePotato,"Honestly, calling it a ""Zelda-lite"" is a bit of a disservice. The game has a host of creative locations and memorable mechanics. It has a wonderful difficulty curve that's perfect for lazy jerks like me. It also has a nice, brisk pace and pretty forgiving checkpoints.I preferred using a controller but switched to a keyboard for some of the jumping puzzles. The controller was just a bit too sensitive."
,Recommended,234900,1702194,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,drumcan,"If you made me choose between Anodyne and a randomly picked 2D Zelda, chances are I'd pick broom over sword."
76561198025468353,Recommended,234900,17223698,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,WigWam,"If you were a fan of Zelda Link's Awakening or the oracle games you owe it to yourself to drop everything and play this game right now!  Anodyne presents a rich, mysterious, and at times hilarious world to explore.  It completely captures the sense of adventure that so many games today lack.  The world is rich with secrets, collectables, unique characters, and absurdity.  There's entire areas you can't even reach until after you've completed the main game, so you completionist will have plenty to work for.Anodyne is not completly perfect though.  While the world it presents is a blast to get lost in, some of the gameplay mechanics are a bit wonky.  The jumping is a pain, and can cause some frustration as the game later tries to introduce some platforming mechanics.  Some of the ememies can also be a huge pain to get in on and attack, but for the most part your huge health bar keeps it balanced.  Also using an Xbox one controller I had to reprogram the controls every time I turned on the game.  The D-pad also never worked, which is a huge shame as it could have gone a long way to over come some of the problems I faced with the jumping mechanics.Overall this game is a gem though. I can't reccemond it enough to you.  I picked this game up to make one video on it, and ended up playing the whole thing.  Check it out people!"
,Recommended,234900,35274865,Posted: 28 September,all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"note, this games not for everyone.Pros: very simple, bewildering exploration into these surreal worlds.  the characters themselves can act unpredictably, like walking by a bunch of normal npcs, but suddenly one looks over and runs after me to attack.  the world, dungeons, and puzzles are all very very connected and have shortcuts if you ever wish to backtrak.  its quite a unique experience and im glad i actually bought it.>>> Gamplay:  the biggest draw of this gmae to me is the exploring, the dungeons, puzzles and brutal enemies wihtin are all very well doen and get hard in their own right with puzzles and mazes makign you have to think outside the box to see how the areas you are in are connected.  but aside form all that the experience of thes eplaces as a whole was the most fun for me.  if youre not exploring a dungeon, youre explring the otuside world or some area without enemies.  but all areas have plenty of paths and variety in music and play to amke them feel unique, it really helps for not getting lost as well.  the music and the off tone of the game and the text youll get from people really gives you this unsettling feel, you're made out to be a protagonist as you go off into this world and commit horrible acts, some good some not, but the game doesnt tell you if what youre doing is right or wrong.  you end up pondering it yourself and makes it a much more rmemeberable expeirence imo than say ""heres the bad ending, bad things happen"" or such or even consequneces.  yeah there are consequences for some certain actions but it comes off as geniune from the characters themselves.The asthetics pull you in well enough if you enjoy 8bit, the music is unsettling with each new unsettling place you wander through, enemies are dangerous and clever, you will end up having to use your wits a good bit to get through unscathed without being lucky.  as i've said before the game is well done in all its areas, its quite fun as well and a great experience.  however as ive also said, its not for everyone.  people in the review section hate how the puzzles require you to figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out rahter than be meaningless wastes of time, people argue that the events inside mean nothing, its all nonsense and that may be true but the experience of it all is still worth playing through.  people are complaining about the lack of upgrades when you can get 4x your starting health and a few upgrades to help you out and decide your mode of combat, normal broom, narrower but longer 2 sqaure reach broom, or the defensive 3 sqaures in front of you broom.  its all basic yes but its all you really need.  the game wouldnt improve by throwing in more and more gimmicks or useless upgrades."
,Recommended,234900,11384231,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Kenos,"If you like odd, creepy games, then I recommend this one! It's pretty simple but addictive. I would compare game play to something like Link's Awakening for the GB, with an odd twist.8.5/10 would play again."
76561198046156647,Recommended,234900,13818278,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Librarian54,"The ending is disappointing, but the journey there is very fun. I wish I could discern it's theme (if it even has one). This is like classic legend of Zelda, but in a very esoteric, dream like work. It's fun if you like Legend of Zelda or Metroidvania games."
,Recommended,234900,22312457,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"An alright Zelda clone that has a very wistful, dreamy feeling to it. The entire game pushes that sort of aimless, wandering quality while dropping hints of what's at the heart of the game on a deeper philosophical level. Ultimately though, I found it a bit too aimless, and got bored a little over halfway through, when I discovered the only way to the end of the game was finishing a collection of cards, and relentlessly screen-hunting through a game that doesn't have any tracking system for if you've been to a place or not. While I have no issue doing it myself, the game wasn't compelling or entertaining enough to make me want to do it. The only puzzle mechanic was Roc's Feather style jumping, button pushing, and pushing dust around with a broom. No other puzzle, items, or anything to use. Bosses were unimaginative and felt like slogs, and even with the portals and jumping around, a great deal of the maps felt like empty needless filler, walking from place to place in what is, admittedly, a chamring, quirky (and sometimes fairly dark and entirely unsettling) little world, but filled with very little actual substance.I think that's what the game was trying to do, though, which means I can't really fault it for being exactly that. The game would get a neutral rating from me if I could give it one, so I'll recommend it and give it a positiv erevie wbecause I think the game is well done, it's just not a game for me."
,Not Recommended,234900,22593783,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Xionus,"I tried to give this game a chance, I understand how daunting it is to create a game as an independant developer. But there's no excuse for this. Anodyne is an Action-Adventure game that draws heavy influence from the Legend of Zelda series, along with Yume Nikki (a surreal, horrorfying exploration game). Unlike LoZ, almost everything is amateurish in this game; the animations, the sprites, level design - it just all seems really poor. Unlike Yume Nikki, the atmosphere that the game presents is cheesy and trite. I never got that ""dreamlike"" vibe from the game just because of how clumsily it presented itself.  Many of the enemies you encounter don't even look like they belong in the area they reside in. The soundtrack can be hit-or-miss but is mediocre for the most part.After defeating 3 ridiculously easy bosses, I lost interest and motivation to continue trying to make sense of the cryptic plot  - which was the only thing keeping me from quitting the game earlier."
76561198142504474,Recommended,234900,24795693,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,jashak,A beautiful game witth an amazing soundtrack.It can also be really challenging.
,Recommended,234900,7654400,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,coldfrog,"A curious 2d Zelda-esque game with an eerily dark tone to it.  It may mean something or it may be style over substance (with regards to the story anyway), but the game itself is solid and playing it you can't help but get an uneasy feeling that this world is off.It's hard to really describe this because of how unusual the story and tone fit with the play itself.  It's quite dark and often makes you question the meaning or motivation of many of the characters - but is there a deeper meaning to it?  I don't know.Whatever the case may be, I will recommend this if you like the zelda style of 2D action game.  It has some clever bits to it, as well as a rather different ""weapon"" that adds a neat little gimmick overall.  I like it, though I am still not sure how I feel about it, meaning-wise."
76561198022583203,Recommended,234900,7761657,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kzntswsk,"I won't repeat all of that non-sense about captivating atmosphere/music and so forth, but I will tell you this: if you like classic adventure games and exploration + a good story told in a kind of old fashioned conventional way, go for it. Grab it at full price, the developers deserve it."
76561198067119595,Recommended,234900,17531684,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,cbtx,"So here's the game that is being called the Zelda clone. Well, Anodyne, I got Zelda back in the day, I played Zelda over and over, and can say quite honestly ---- you are no Zelda.Not to say that this one doesn't have its moments ---- it does ---- there are some interesting mechanics, tricky puzzles, and even some decent, if convoluted, exploration.But, for me, the game lacks the most fundamental aspect ---- an interesting story. And, hey, maybe there is and it does ---- I just wasn't willing to spend more time to find it.Too much dialogue that leaves you with a ""huh?"" feeling,  too many screens where absolutely nothing is going on, the lack of enough tutorial or instruction leaves the player on his/her own to find their way, and some really strange and confusing controls ---- and, again, I wasn't interested or patient enough to figure things out.To me, a game needs to have enough interesting things happening pretty early to capture my willingness to continue ---- and though this game had some nice qualities (ok graphics, some clever puzzles, challenging exploration) ---- it might be a while before I play this one some more.But I recognize that this might be a great game for some people, so I'll recommend it ---- with the above mentioned reservations."
,Recommended,234900,8632054,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"If there is one thing that comes to mind playing this game, it's the Gameboy Colour Legend of Zelda games. The art style calls back to those games with a sense of fondness and love, paying plenty of tribute to style of spriting and the dungeon design. However, it is not a flat out imitation of the handheld Zelda games, there is plenty of originality with its beautifully vivid art palette, and the more psychedelic musical score that burrows into your brain and puts you in a dreamlike state. Which is quite fitting, considering that the entire game takes place in a dream realm.I'd highly recommend this game, especially if you're looking for a game that is like the classic Zelda games, but is also original in its own right. For best results, Use an NES controller with a USB adapter."
76561198058434785,Not Recommended,234900,25807158,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Aale,"After playing through to the end, I don't see how this has gotten so many positive reviews. I wanted to like it, but it's just bad. There is no real story or progression, and what little dialogue there is is confusing or just plain weird. Partial controller support shouldn't even be listed imho, the controls with a gamepad are terrible and I ended up switching to KB (which I never do.) If you are looking for any kind of adventure that makes sense, look elsewhere. 2/10 will not play again."
,Recommended,234900,8317529,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HerrBucket,"Really good and wellmade game, can't stop playing. Gladly recommended"
,Recommended,234900,12383577,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cole [lv Dead],"Ridiculously good, atmosphere that'll rock your socks and give you feels. Deep, cool, nice.10/10"
,Recommended,234900,27697968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Malinov,"This game felt really depressing but that atmosphere is so good. The puzzles are interesting, and all the different levels are unique. The story leaves a lot on the player to decide what it means. The bosses can usually just be killed if you stand in one place or spam attack.100%ing takes some practice, watching speedruns and kind of just following along is very doable though."
,Not Recommended,234900,29991511,Posted: 17 February,all,T-cat,"I bought this game based on the stellar reviews of the art, music, and story--the three things I go for in a game. This game falls short in 2/3 categories.Art: 6/10. The vistas in the cliffs were lovely, but many of the outdoor maps left something to be desired. You can design a pixellated tree and call it a tree, or you can design a pixellated tree and it will be freaking-beautiful-how-can-one-squeeze-that-much-detail-into-a-pixellated-tree sort of pixellated tree. So while I wasn't blown away, or even mildly wowed by the art, I love bit-style games, period. But they're difficult to bring to life unless paired with a solid, captivating story.Story: 2/10. Anodyne drops you into the game without any back story, any context of the worlds you visit or creatures you speak to, any idea of what to do, any inkling of a purpose, not matter how you might search. ""That's alright,"" I thought, ""I like open world exploratory games. This'll be fun."" The difference between an exploration game and Anodyne is that if you decide not to participate in the main quest line, it's assumed there are other quests around to pique your interest. Anodyne is not only devoid of a main quest line; it is devoid of any quests at all. The closest thing I found to a quest was a talking bear that asked me if I had any berries. The game is generally light on text, and those creatures that do speak to you have no information, useless or otherwise. (Edit: Okay, I lied. There is a main quest line in which a creepy mage person (can't tell if it's male or female) tells you that you must do something to save something, a quest which your characte blindly and wordlessly accepts. It happens so quickly and so casually that I can't even remember the specifics of it all.)Music: 8/10. The music has been the saving grace of Anodyne. They did a fantastic job creating atmosphere and differentiating one map from another. Only one song was catchy enough to get stuck in my head, but I found all the music to be very enjoyable. (Applause!)I've seen reviews that the controls were a bit clonky. I found them to be decent at best, tolerable at worst. My only complaint is that it's extremely tough to judge where a jump will land when one jumps north or south. The amount of times I died attempting to get a feel for it over some chasms in a cave is embarassing.Overall, this game had a lot of potential for me but ended up being a disappointment. The lack of direction left me wandering in circles across several maps trying to figure out how to progress in the game, resulting in loss of interest. Kudos to the developers for creating a cool game, but their abstract method of storytelling (giving them the benefit of the doubt here) isn't going to be for everybody."
,Recommended,234900,7924802,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,"Reminscent of old-school zelda, anodyne brings a few unique concepts to the tried-and-tested isometric RPG elements. Namely, the ability to swap tiles late into the game. But what makes Anodyne incredibly special is the eery story that surrounds it. For the entire game, you feel as if something is slightly off about the world around you."
76561198059770539,Recommended,234900,8130042,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Crimson King,"Thoroughly enthralling. I have exhausted it with 8 hours on record yet where you could spend the money on a few beers, here you can spend it and experience this. It is a delicate work of art featuring extremely dark themes alongside occasional wit with one of the most moving and entrancing soundtracks I have experienced in 20 years of gaming."
,Recommended,234900,8001586,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,basementdigital,"On the surface, Anodyne looks like your traditional, top-down SNES-inspired action RPG. And while I'm thankful for this aesthetic, I'm even more thankful for what turns out to be a cerebral experience that evokes an array of emotions while playing. Many indie games do a decent job of this, but often at the expense of game-play. Not Anodyne. It looks beautiful, it sounds beautiful and it's FUN."
,Recommended,234900,8594908,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,FELIX,A great Zelda-like adventure game with a mysterious environments and gameplay.If you like any of the old Zelda games you'll like this one.
,Recommended,234900,7676576,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Kathy,simply an amazing game
76561198028846053,Recommended,234900,32277981,Posted: 8 June,all,masshold,Great game! Play it if you are a retropixel lover.
,Recommended,234900,11412136,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Cadoan,"Anodyne is a JRPG in the same genre as the old Zelda-games. It's very similar to Link to the Past game mechanically, in everything from the fighting to the way the temples work. The story is minimalistic and haunting, and while you play it you can't really shake the feeling that something is seriously wrong with this world. An artistic, gorgeous game with a haunting atmosphere."
76561198049432668,Recommended,234900,19678372,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Burgie,"Title: AnodyneGenre: Action, Adventure, IndieDeveloper: Sean Hogan and Jonathan KittakaPublisher: Analgesic ProductionsRelease Date: 22nd March, 2013TL;DR, VerdictRecommend, however the resets make it frustrating, as puzzles and monsters will respawn/revert upon leaving and re-entering a room.ProsHumour/DialogueGood old school style adventure if you loved those types back on platforms like the game boyGood musicGood graphics for a game in this gerneConsThe resets(the resets themself are really annoying and killed me multiple times so be aware of that)Sometimes feels a bit to much like a copyGameplayan RPG sprite side scroller game, your character travels the world(s) by jumping through portals, interacting with characters (with nice one liners and rocks that don't talk or passive aggressive rocks that have writing on them saying you have no friends). It's a game that seems savvy to itself and feels like a parody of story games. After all your legendary weapon is a broom, and the characters around you are either sarcastic or silly. Or wimps.You need to save the world. Somehow. By smacking enemies with a broom. And solving puzzles also with your broom. It also reminds me a bit of the old Zelda games. Puzzles reset if you leave the room which is both a blessing and a curse, since it seems puzzles and monsters will reset even if you've solved/killed them as well. This is annoying if you want to explore everything. I like the game, but there are aspects I dislike, such as the resets. Personally it bothers me enough to not want to play for stretches of time since I have to keep repeating things each time I go to a room.Graphics wise this game reminds me of old school Pokémon on the game boy, way back in those days before the dinosaurs were wiped out.Want to read more of my reviews?Click here to join my steam groupandClick here to follow my curator page!"
,Recommended,234900,32625926,Posted: 21 June,all,ridleysamus,"I thought this was a cool experience. It has really cool worlds that you can explore and it has a really calm atmosphere. It really reminds me of Zelda: Link to the Past. Even though I didn't really ""get"" what is going on or why you are here, I still really enjoyed myself."
76561198031975325,Not Recommended,234900,19138880,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,adfl,"So close yet so far.I loved the obvious Zelda overtones.I loved the subtle music.Hated the constant joystick reconfig every-♥♥♥♥ing-time you start the game.Hated the awful dodgy controls (yes I have used keyboard and another stick with no luck). Constantly finding myself walking off cliffs or moving up/down instead of leftright and conversely.I wanted to love this game so much a even picked up the tablet version and played it equally....and we all know tablet controls suck....and not in a good way.Result.....hate it, really wanted to like and love it.....nope.It needs work, otherwise it's a pontential gem."
,Recommended,234900,7904975,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,madotsuki,Best 10 bucks I ever spend on a video game. Anodyne is a ture masterpiece with its puzzles and adventure. You play a person named Young trying to stop the Darkness from taking over The Brair. As you explore the land you find cards and you'll need those cards for reasons. (don't wanna spoil the game). It's overall very fun with an awesome soundtrack. Buy it now!
,Recommended,234900,10302203,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Poofie Love bird,This game turned my only son gay.
,Not Recommended,234900,9381320,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Exceedingly Inept,"This RPG/Adventure game takes some features from games like Legend of Zelda and implements them in a pretty decent way. There is very little direction, which led me wandering clueless for a while, really making the game feel like a drag. The puzzles we okay, but nothing special. No need to care for this one."
,Recommended,234900,4969481,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Tougher than Knuckles,A good zelda-like RPG. Kinf of parody like in that it's all game-play. Not much story development like you would find in other RPGs. I wish I could get lost in this game but I can't. It's not really engrossing. In short it's barebone zelda with pretty good music.
,Recommended,234900,740987,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,curly_nuts,it took more than 25 years but finally a zelda clone that is just as good
,Recommended,234900,8545782,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Captain Lickard,nice
,Recommended,234900,391773,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Saint Satan,Zelda in a surreal universe.  It's pretty decent so far.
,Recommended,234900,184553,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,Really fun Zelda clone; suprisling good and disturbing at the same time.
,Recommended,234900,5039481,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,noisyturtle,"It's sort of like a Zelda game, but extremely annoying and full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Imagine controlling a wet dish rag through a maze while having bricks thrown at your head."
,Recommended,234900,682464,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Serathis[HUN],"Zelda meets Yume Nikki. If you like that kind of game, buy it when its on sale."
,Recommended,234900,7708054,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,popoki,"To put it briefly, Anodyne is a pretty decent game and definitely worth a quick run-through if you catch it on sale... but it's quite a bit underwhelming considering the potential it has.It's baiscally Zelda: LInk's Awakening (or one of the Oracles games), but with a trippy, dreamlike vibe (including some very good and atompsheric music and some great visuals here and there), and almost depressingly watered down (though that's somewhat the point, I think).   It's not super fun or amazing or anything breathtakingly new, but it's not BAD in any way other than some questioable chunky jumping controls and a couple little glitchy / unrefined tidbits.For a much wordier and detailed review of mine, check out:http://hip-indeed.tumblr.com/post/67644130704/lil-anodyne-mini-review"
,Recommended,234900,7781327,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cenelder,"This is a soft yes reccomendation.  The controls are too snappy/twitch for my liking.  Lacks a lot of the finesse controls of a game like Zelda: LTTP+ World building is interesting but the way its presented isn't always the best+Cool take on the broom/dust puzzels at first-Map can be far too confusing at times.  Often uninspired maze-levels with a few too many dead ends that just waste your time (would have been fine if there was something to explore or pickup at those deadends)-Broom/dust puzzels become very tedious after a few hours, especially when you are backtracking through dungeons trying to figure out where to go-Garbage storyOverall, 6.5/10.  Good game to experience if the price is right, but nothing to really write home about.  Beginning of the game is the strongest imo."
,Recommended,234900,69955,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"I wish I'd played this when I was a child so I could a) spend all day figuring out where to go and b) have recurring nightmares about its periodic total insanity.As it is, you beat dudes up with a broom. Your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,234900,243578,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Backstory,"A bunch of Zelda puzzles without the item diversity of a Zelda game. But hey, this game beat Steam when it comes to collecting cards, so if you like cards and Zelda puzzles you will like this game. Also the story makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense."
,Recommended,234900,4285503,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,skiesbleed,"This game harkens back to the original Zelda in a lot of ways, but its biggest strength is probably its emphasis on exploration. Finding all of the cards and secrets in the game is a very fun and rewarding venture, and the exploration capabilities given to you as a player get turned up to 11 once you beat the game. It's not long, but it's certainly interesting and well worth it."
,Recommended,234900,5471920,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,KSI,"I forgot to recommend this cluster♥♥♥♥ 6 months ago, ah well, best get it out the way now.Anodyne is an 8-bit LoZ style Indie thats suprisingly good compared to many others, where every corner is filled with secrets and new things to find, new enemies to fight and treasures to collect, new NPC's with something absolutely hilarious to say, and of course, the bosses are a joy to fight.You progress through the world as a young man names, well.... um... Young. Guide him through the Dungeons, woods, cliffs, and plains given, and help him collect as many cards (Which are required to progress) as possible, and have a blast doing so!I could say much more about this game, but if you're actually interested just PM me, it's truely a gem among many of it's indie brothers, unfortunately, very underrated and underplayed, why do I say this? Well, out of my 110+ Friends on steam, NONE OF THEM play Anodyne! Thats shocking! :OC'mon guys, do you're pal Thundar a favor and BUY THIS GAME! It's not expensive at all, heck as far as I remember it's around £/$/€5-10"
,Recommended,234900,3151709,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Zael,Wicked zelda-like game that has really ingenuine end-game surprises. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,234900,7659972,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,pfournier33,If you like Zelda type games then you'll love this. The story/setting is bizarre but the puzzles and dungeons are very fun.
,Recommended,234900,505253,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,The Red Fox,A short (5 hours) but very enjoyable zelda-esque game that packs a lot of character.
,Recommended,234900,3845436,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Bootleg Jones,"This game is an amazing Zelda-esque work of art. While the combat is pretty basic, the atmosphere is incredible and this game has plenty of clever puzzles. It shouldn't take too long to get through the story, its about the length of a classic Zelda game, but there's plenty of incentive to keep exploring afterwards. My advice would be to not look up anything about the game and just dive right in. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,234900,7298171,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,RadKit,"A fantastic 2D top-down metroid-vania game that has a lot to do once you ""think"" you're done with it.Bought this on Desura a long time ago and completely fell in love with it.Wonderful pixel art visuals, great music, and challenging gameplay in a interesting strange world."
,Recommended,234900,7550265,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,The Aristocratic Penguin,"Top-down Legend of Zelda with a slice of Yume Nikki on the side. This game is eerie. Plus, it has some really great endgame replayability once you've beaten it. Totally worth the purchase."
,Recommended,234900,7754246,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Maximus Rektimus Meridius,"This is a very strange game.  I went into this game looking for something like Link to the Past, but I got something different.  Different, but good in it's own way.  It's definitely worth a playthrough at least once."
,Recommended,234900,7929540,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Horrow Farrow,Wonderfully
,Recommended,234900,7861100,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,CCooper1994,"This is a short, but very fun game. The soundtrack is good--amazing if you're familiar with the limitations of the software it was made with--and the game is pretty funny, with lots of little jabs at games in its genre. It doesn't fully explore the implication that our player-character has had a psychotic break and is imagining the whole thing, but that's just a nitpicky point."
,Recommended,234900,2021115,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Netherfiend,A very different Action RPG in the vain of a 2D Zelda. Short but fun and challenging.
,Recommended,234900,2751669,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Notesurfer,"Anodyne is a delightful, surreal, pixel-art masterpiece. Total gameplay time for the main storyline is a bit short (6 hours at  the most) but there are a lot of end-game secrets. Challenge level is minimal, but the environments are spectacular. Unfortunately the various levels do not tie together especially well, so it will probably take a bit of digging on your part to make sense of the world of Anodyne and how its levels relate to one another thematically. Still, it's a solid game for fans of Zelda:LTTP, surrealism, or gamers who love the 'indie' vibe."
76561198049661472,Recommended,234900,5431330,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,fat_and_sassy,"A moody game with an incredibly subtle, yet effective narrative. Kinda plays like classic Zelda games, but it's strengths mostly lie in its presentation. Also, the soundtrack is pretty much duh bayest."
76561198052969087,Recommended,234900,5617610,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Deez,"Awesome game in the style of the gameboy zelda series. Lots of puzzles and very hard jumping/timing mechanics, but a good and twisted story to keep you intriqued. Incredible game for a two-man indie crew."
,Recommended,234900,7743630,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bandersnatch,Game is inspired a lot by Earthbound and the original Zelda with a darker feel. I like that it actually took awhile to play instead of most indie games which you can usually beat in half an hour. I reccomend it.
76561198032371049,Recommended,234900,7830555,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Theri,Game is pretty enjoyable.  Been awhile since I played it but I know I enjoyed the game play.  Worth picking up!
76561198127350855,Recommended,234900,33207680,Posted: 3 July,all,Goodest Grammer Zibo,Is great game
76561198072291869,Recommended,234900,17492673,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Okotsu,"A surreal, dark, immersive game. However the grahics and combat are bit SNES graphics followed by top down slahing of a broom... literaly. Its the story that drives the interesting bolt straight into your head. Amnysia the common place starter leads the player to find that they are not the glorious hero they are ment to be or that the world they explore is only trying to continue after some cataclysmic event causing a more fallout feel for a changing environment adventure game. Play it. Get lost for a minute. ???. Enjoy."
76561198045148402,Not Recommended,234900,28197750,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JZStudios,"I can't recommend this game. It started off fantastic, with a heaping amount of fantastic pixel art, music, and generous dose of Zelda like gameplay, with a few funny little quips, and a slight smattering of (What I've heard of) Undertale, where not everything is quite as it seems, and not every ""enemy"" is actually an enemy. It falls apart beyond that however.Essentially it goes as follows, Music, Pixel Art, Atmosphere get a 10/10. It's fantastic.Gameplay... starts off strong, but a later mix of poor platforming and frankly irritating enemy types bring it down. 6.5/10Story... there is none. It vaguely hints at some ideas and that's about it.Buy it on sale, play until it irritates you/lose interest, and leave it. And only if you REALLY like Zelda-likes.It starts off mysterious, and genuinely grips your curiousity, but through playing the game to completion... the best I can figure is that it's a sort of story (If you're willing to call it a story) about the human condition and certain feelings that people display. It's ridiculously bare bones, with only a VERY slight amount of text that actually makes you understand anything, and only about that specific topic. There's boss fights that don't actually seem to have any symbolism in their design (But I'm also awful at spotting symbolism) and when they die they say gibberish like ""I'll always be with you."" What the hell is that supposed to mean? Nothing is ever explained, shown or even hinting at something allowing you to make your own conclusion. In the beginning I was completely hooked, by the end I knew it couldn't really go anywhere, and at the end... I was left making that Jackie Chan ""Huh? What?"" face.Speaking of bosses... these are some of the most... confusing bosses I've ever fought. A fair few I'm not even sure what I actually did/was supposed to do, and I beat the game. A lot of them are just plain annoying, some are underwhelming (In a game that really doesn't have any build up) and some are actually decent.The final boss was the most confusing, with you trying to frantically figure out how in the hell to damage the damn thing while it's attacking you.They also get to a point in level design where they have you start doing platforming... which goes horribly wrong about 90% of the time. Sometimes you jump, catch the edge, think your fine, then the game decides you catually didn't and tosses you down the hole. I honestly don't know why they included these sections, they're not fun, just aggravating."
,Not Recommended,234900,7804358,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,OttoNL,"Fun but very buggy and the developer isn't gonna fix anything.He actually told me it was unreasonable to expect bug fixes because he was working on his own and already busy with a new project. Apparently it's not his responsibility to finish his projects before starting on something else and apparently it's our responsibility to know that it's a one man team before asking for a game that works.Oh yeah and the game itself is fun when it's not bugged out but there's a big luck factor. If you take a certain road you have to start the entire game all over again because when you take a certain route via a certain gate you get stuck while there's nothing to warn you about that. Not really thought through, or that way they can sell it as if it's got replayability. Because the chance you'll be able to finish it the first time is small.In short very amateuristic developer and a great concept for a game that just isn't really finished. Too bad, it had real potential."
,Not Recommended,234900,13154855,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Skank McGank,"Aside from the terrible platforming and wonky combat, the only thing noteworthy about Anodyne is how particularly un-noteworthy it is. It lives up to its namesake perfectly! The story had potential, I think I know what they were trying to go for, but they didn't actually DO anything with it. Go play a Legend of Zelda game while listening to the Earthbound soundtrack and you'll be in a better spot than this game can provide."
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,234900,9039211,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,RogueDeus,I do not know how this game got a 75 on Metacritic...
76561197964088215,Not Recommended,234900,8626445,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Leto Atreides II,"I bought this thinking it would be an RPG based on its appearance (which is entirely my fault, because nowhere does it promise to be an RPG).  It is not an RPG in any way shape or form, despite its superficial similarity to games of said genre.  This is a console style action game through and through, a type of game which I loathe.  If you like that type of game, you might enjoy this game.  If you're looking for an Pc-style adventure game or RPG, you might hate it as much as I do."
,Recommended,234900,15342411,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,CAT! =(^-^)=,"I haven't finished the game yet but so far I really I like it, it is reminding my a lot of the Zelda's, which in my opinion is a good thing and I do not belive that they are copying Nintendo at all however it is pretty similar to Zelda. Defintly a real good game and very fun."
76561198006329212,Recommended,234900,23649995,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Simon,"It's just amazing, such a cool idea..."
76561198028253012,Recommended,234900,13992793,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ghin,"This game has similar gameplay to Zelda 3. The music and art are probably the best part and all have a surreal dream quality to them. You'll be solving puzzles, whacking enemies, and collecting things. After you finish the game there are a ton of secret things hidden throughout the game. This is the best part of the game because it's all very well done. It's a small team so don't expect high polish.If you liked Zelda 3 or Link's Awakening I think you'll probably enjoy this too. If not, pick something else."
,Recommended,234900,3819673,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,CinemaFromage,"I don't know what the hell is going on in this game, but it makes me nostalgic for those late nights with the cathode glow off my golden Zelda cart.  That's gotta count for something, right?The WTF-ness of it all was cool, until I got stuck, Then I got frustrated.  Then I thought I could go look up a guide.  Then I figured I had SUPER KAWAII ANIME PRINCESS PUZZLE DROP to play and said the hell with it.I've got a limited attention span, what can i"
,Not Recommended,234900,15255635,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Slow,"sometimes if you're good at drawing and making music, you don't have to make a video game about it."
,Not Recommended,234900,3758054,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Totally Normal Background Pony,Aggressively terrible.
,Not Recommended,234900,31794833,Posted: 16 May,all,Darlan,"Looks like a duck, swims like a duck, quacks like a duck...but is not a duck after all. This is not the indie Link's Awakening you are looking for."
,Not Recommended,234900,19295894,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] -------O-------------------------- [Fantastic]
,Not Recommended,234900,22110714,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,gear,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050969295,Not Recommended,234900,31730677,Posted: 13 May,all,как же все хуево,"pretensious story about DEPRESSED TEENAGER. shallow gameplay. good music, solid visuals"
,Not Recommended,234900,34827868,Posted: 8 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Topdown - RPGMaker & Party RPGAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Low production values. Does not fullscreen. Vanilla zelda gameplay. Difficulty spikes especially with traps. Odd save system.Surprisingly decent zelda clone with limited assets, does not fullscreen correctly and needed xboxpad manually configured. Itemization, puzzle/quests and narrative structures are all barebones. Some of the dialogue had a surprisingly dark and twisted edge to it that did not come across as contrived just... oddly placed. Perhaps on purpose due to a later plot reveal. In any case I am not sticking around to find out. Removing for declutter"
76561198102560874,Recommended,234900,30954959,Posted: 4 April,all,187,Oh yeah
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,234900,12267345,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"I'm lost, and bored, screw it.1/10"
,Recommended,234900,941003,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,MegaSeveN,"Take a Gameboy Zelda title, remove everything but the sword and Roc's Feather item (lets you jump), and place it in a trippy dream world. Relatively short and pretty easy to get everything in the main story without using a guide."
,Recommended,234900,5558354,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,The Ace of Kings,Very much like a Zelda game. Those are good.9/10
,Recommended,234900,6703466,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,PoliteBoro,I remember this game when it was still on the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥asking for donations. Its really an amazing game to anybody that buys it if your in to Legend of Zelda style games
,Recommended,234900,1869902,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Nimbus,"I bought this game for a couple bucks during a sale and figured it would be a neat little time waster. What I got was so much more than that! To me the most important factor of a good game is something a bit intangible - the mood and atmosphere.And boy does Anodyne deliver in that regard.The tone is mostly set by the super eerie and mysterious music. But the whole game feels like some kind of profound experience as you travel through this almost dream-like world. The game play is like old-school Zelda, the dry humor is reminscent of EarthBound, and the whole thing will make you feel like you stepped into a time portal to the 1990s. I've only played a couple hours so far and I'm already in love. If you enjoy games with interesting atmospheres, this one is definitely for you!"
,Recommended,234900,10193236,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BurlapFox,"Anodyne has a great atmosphere and decent gameplay, but its slow pace will be off-putting to many players.What was awesome:As I said above, the atmosphere was wonderful. The music really sets the tone the developer wanted and the pixel art was beautifully done. I also enjoyed the diversity between the worlds you explore.What was okay:The mechanics the game supplies you feel fresh, but leave you feeling over-prepared in the often empty environment. The ambiguous storyline may be a deal-break for some, so know what to expect before you purchase the game.What was bad:Your initial visit to each world is exciting, but the backtracking gets old. The problem is that Anodyne never enthralls the player enough to want to stick around. Just when you start to get immersed in a boss battle or a puzzle, the game decides to slow down.If you like games that focus on exploration and have the patience it takes to explore the entire game, give Anodyne a chance."
,Recommended,234900,2903600,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Wootlarz,"Very interesting game. It plays like an old legend of zelda title, but keeps you guessing around every corner."
,Recommended,234900,10441421,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Something Wicked,"I'm not sure how I would categorize this game. Adventure? Surreal? Psychological? I simply can't decide.But that's not important. Not really.This is a game that makes you think. About life, about dreams. You play Young, a man whose story I am not privy to; but, like the kind of game it is, this, at the moment, is unimportant. I am interested; that is all that is really needed.The gameplay, as you could gather from the description, is much like Zelda: A Link to the Past. It is simple, dungeon filled, puzzle-ridden fun. You wander the land in search of keys, cards, and items.Scattered around the land are signs. Some are faded; some simply state thoughts.Thoughts like ""I think you are reading a rock because you don't have any friends.""You will meet interesting people along the way. Some will have something to say. Some will not.I have not finished this game yet, but I look forward to it; and when I do, perhaps, I will write another review."
76561198044890420,Recommended,234900,8567747,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[0331] TANUKI,"A lonely game set in a strange environment reminiscent of a bad dream or a dark dimension. The characters seem oddly gloomy with few exceptions, and some enemies are simple while others administer a slight shudder and raised hairs to the player. Not much thought seems to have gone into this game at first until, as you progress, you feel more and more alone and divided from your comfort zone. Immediately you are thrown into a world of darkness and despair; locations and enemies have odd names, people seem friendly or derranged and harmless, and you yourself - named Young - access the world of Anodyne through a strange dreamlike overworld on a weird quest given to you after being rudely awoken. Although rather short, Anodyne is a great game for those who want a simple, not-so-relaxed indie game that will keep you playing and guessing."
76561198059216104,Recommended,234900,8414235,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fluthlu,"Really unique concept, very well-made game. I recommend it to anyone who likes an engaging storyline and retro game style. Great soundtrack too."
,Recommended,234900,2665862,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Doctor Cucumber,An action/adventure game that is like no other. It's an odd series of locations and encounters that feels more like a poem or a dream than a story. An interesting and atmospheric experience.
,Recommended,234900,8611739,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,zero.delta,"Very quirky, Anodyne is.  However, it is fun figuring out not only the puzzles but the strange world you explore.  Only in Anodyne can you push a fisher into the ocean and open a portal to underwater hell. (?)"
,Recommended,234900,5562260,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Sapphire,"So after Steam decided to not ♥♥♥♥ing work for a few weeks, I ended up just getting it on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥where the creator was kind enough to put it up. It's really good. I will probably replay it even, and I hardly do such things. The soundtrack is great and the whole thing just feels really dreamy and sort of melancholy/creepy."
,Recommended,234900,8626026,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,legitimatealex,Feels and plays like Zelda: A Link to the Past. I'm loving it.
,Recommended,234900,5338895,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Psichrome,Great game if you enjoy 2D Legend of Zelda styled games. It has dungeons and puzzles and exploring and some cool boss fights. It's honestly pretty difficult but the fact that you gain more health and can do the dungeons in (almost) any order makes some of the later bosses feel a bit weak. It can be challenging and it can be surprisingly deep in it's characters and it's implications of Young's subconscious mind.
,Recommended,234900,7343633,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Chuckowski,This game is so much fun and reminds me of A Link to the Past.
,Recommended,234900,8235460,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tyfui,Brilliantly absorbing game. I'd love to get lost in it again
,Recommended,234900,10106694,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Tends,"Every now and then I'll think to myself ""I want a classic Zelda game, but I want to experience it like I did the first time!"" Well, this game, in my opinion, will satisfy that urge if you're looking for a Link's Awakening type experience."
,Recommended,234900,1492665,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Ros \[T]/,"LOZ: LTTP with a depressing, hipster emo twist."
,Recommended,234900,1877687,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Pretty Lucky,"This is a really good game.Like this is a REALLY really good game.It blends atmosphere and challenge together in a quirky, immersive, surreal and at times very dark package inspired by games like Link's Awakening and (I'm guessing) the SNES Final Fantasy games.It's beautiful, interesting and fun and I hope it only becomes more successful in the future."
,Recommended,234900,9765958,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,crsteinb,"Interesting little action RPG. The dialog is a bit odd and disturbing however, and in some cases just didn't really make sense. I really wish the walking creatures had more of a role, they were my favorite imagery from the game."
,Recommended,234900,7166878,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Girlbeard,"Great game, has the right level of frustration inducing gameplay and silly humour."
76561198040928441,Recommended,234900,8984617,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,MapleHero,Reminds me of the Legend of Zelda Links awakining. A nice pixelated game that is fun and challenging. If you like the Legend of Zelda you weill enjoy this.
76561198052178797,Not Recommended,234900,9810172,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,vimbert,"This is a game that has a lot of promise, but ultimately falls flat. It's delightfully atmospheric and the game's creators are masters of tone, making clever use of classic visuals and music to evoke feeling very well. However, gameplay quickly grows repetitive, and the exploration is much more confined than the games it was clearly inspired by, such as the Legend of Zelda series. The story is bare-bones yet still interesting, with interesting moments woven into the gameplay, such as attempting to talk to a fisherman but ending up accidentally murdering him because the game makes you attack instead, resulting in a bloody whirlpool in the ocean.The game ultimately feels more like a rough draft or a demo of a much more fascinating, fully fleshed out game. I wish I could like this more than I do."
,Recommended,234900,5583597,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Gentleman Death,"I'm very easily entranced by anything that takes me back to the days of Super Nintendo.  So, it would make sense that Anodyne would catch my eye and take my money.  This game is very entrancing.  Very trippy storyline, haunting atmosphere, Legend of Zelda-esque game play, and a BEAUTIFUL soundtrack make this game worthwhile. If you're into the old action adventure 16-bit games, definitely add this to your Steam library.  It's such a great game, and it's strangness pulls you right in.  Did I mention this has a great soundtrack?"
,Recommended,234900,7660698,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Darkwulf,"A fun Zelda-esque game, very trippy but well done. Keep playing once you beat it and get the special tool to find 3 more dungeons.. heh.."
,Recommended,234900,9177248,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,G0HT,"Love the game. Clunky controls, but made up for by its simplicity. Not much direction but exploration is kind of it's gish (not that it's really all that difficult here). Strange world with strange things strange bosses and a strange experience. Worth the hours and every cent I spent."
,Recommended,234900,9180816,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mr. Pallinaama,"Anodyne is an interesting piece. It throws a lot of random things at you, but the weird part about that is that you can't help but love it. Not much makes sense, but most of the appeal comes out of just that. This game makes you feel many things and experiencing those feelings is truly an amazing trip. The music is truly beautiful and this game is definitely worth the try."
76561198059901088,Recommended,234900,6142534,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,adeemin,Pi♥♥♥♥u meets a Janitor in this exciting 2D adventure
,Recommended,234900,9424245,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,James,"What a beautiful little game. I was looking for something similar to Zelda ( Link's awakening precisely) and found this. The music/soundscapes are great, it's a generally an all-round relaxing adventure!I'm lovin' it."
76561198023891248,Recommended,234900,9497926,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Guilt Clause,"This game isn't for everyone, but hardcores and nostalgics will both be mystified by Anodyne. This game is not at all what it looks like and it really is greater than the sum of its parts. At times playing this game struck such a chord in me that I couldn't really sleep at night. It gets you thinking, and it's not a comfortable experience.In order to get the full experience of this game, you'll need to play it obsessively. Then again, if you're not a completionist, this game's message wasn't really written for you.TL;DR: This is a must play for hardcores, but don't expect it to be fun all the time and don't expect it to make you feel good. Ever."
76561197984992587,Recommended,234900,8921663,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Doctor H Boogie,A good game.
76561198067731111,Recommended,234900,9368791,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kraleck,"Immerse yourself in a surreal world with only a broom and your wits to protect you. Anodyne is 1 part Legend of Zelda, 1 part what are they smoking, and 2 parts creepy-yet-calming atmosphere. Allow your mind to wander, but watch your back carefully."
76561198066269351,Recommended,234900,10951131,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Milk_Ninja,"A great game done in a 16-bit overhead action RPG style. It has an insteresting plot, one that isn't spelled out to you, but that you have to work at. Challenging without being punishing, this is a well made, evocative, and well balanced game.  Took me about 5 hours to get through the game the first time, and there's still more to go explore."
76561197986233627,Recommended,234900,17095351,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Onward Meatshields!!! To GLORY!!,"Flashbacks of Zelda with a slightly macabre twist. Witty NPCs, challenging enemies and a lovely soundtrack. Explore a diverse, rather autumnal world as you delve into Young's subconscious. An impressive game considering such a small team put it together. Here's hoping there's a sequel!10/10 would listen to a friendly bear brag about his sexual exploits again."
,Recommended,234900,17393571,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,chewfeather,"This game was an enjoyable experience; it offers a lot of content with a lot of admirable and varied visual work, if you enjoy games with its retro aesthetic. However, that visual breadth comes without a whole lot of gameplay depth-- if you've played more mainstream games in this genre, the challenges won't feel especially challenging, and you'll have more of a game-flavored atmospheric experience than a set of novel gameplay challenges to overcome. I have to recommend this game on the strength of the atmospheres and moods it creates, though. It's more art than game, but art aimed at people who immersed themselves in games of the era its graphics pay tribute to."
,Recommended,234900,17990275,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,bloodjinn420,"It's a Zelda like game, but instead of swinging a sword, you swing a broom. I have enjoyed what I've played of it so far."
,Recommended,234900,2577258,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Jabaxaro,"If you happen to enjoy the Zelda titles on Game Boy (Color) and consider atmosphere and immersion to be a big part of your gaming experience, then by all means, give Anodyne a chance.Initially initerested in the similarities to one of my favourite game franchises and my favourite games within, I was treated to an astoundingly well designed gem. Only having stumbled across this by chance I can't believe what I would have missed out here, sound design, level design, gameplay, everything seems to be exactly in place where it should be. All of this while retaining an ominous and mysterious world I for once actually felt like I was exploring something new.Anyone who considered this game on a first glance, don't worry, you won't be disappointed if you purchase into this indie gem, and to anyone else, give yourself a push! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,234900,5712775,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Gbane,This game makes me feeling like I'm playing the old zelda games again instead of a sword you get a broom. Like the zelda games as you progress throughout the game you get upgrades and you have to solve a lot of puzzles. Basically your goal in this game is to get as many cards as you can get in order to defeat the final boss. You can look up the card locations on google they have a site to where you can find the cards.
,Recommended,234900,68985,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,t0m,"This game was really fun until I received the ability to jump, which caused me to rage until I almost threw my laptop across the room."
,Recommended,234900,18113216,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,dollarsshower,"Anodyne bleeds it's influences in the most charming and effective way, and it will be hard to play this Zelda-like game without being reminded (oddly enough, more-so than Zelda) of Earthbound and Yume Nikki, from the gorgeous music that nearly sounds like it was lifted from Yume NIkki to the beautiful environments that shift through conciousness and time. And like these games, Anodyne can be poignantly creepy, with sporadic shifts between the sublime lakes and cliffsides to the stoicly maccabre cities and apartment complexes. The vague story can leave a lot to be desired at it's conclusion, but there is more than enough substance throughout that will leave you trying to pull together some kind of larger, overarching meaning, of which it definitely seems to have earned, setting itself apart from many indie RPG-like games that overvalue their use of subtlty. The writing is casual and full of humor, reminding me of Stephen Murphy's absurd Space Funeral with it's occasional, nearly fourth wall breaking vulgarity, which like Space Funeral seems more true to life than awkwardly transgressive. But it's smart, and full of substantial moments that will both stir your emotions and fill you with curiosity.If I could come up with any faults, I could say that near the end of the game the enemy types start to wear a little thin on you, possibly because there are some very backtrack heavy moments. And that overall, particularly where bosses are concerned, the game is very easy and will rarely give you any challenges, unlike Cave Story, which it seemed very akin to me all though they are of completely different genres.This is to say nothing about the lasting appeal of Anodyne, I haven't had as satisfying of a gameplay experience with as much charm and surprising moments of wonder in a very, very long time, and if you are a fan of games like the afformentioned Yume Nikki and Earthbound, this is absolutely a mandotory play."
76561197980156403,Recommended,234900,17759479,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Csta,"Got this puppy on sale for $5. Way more than worth it. The humor contained within the several hours of gameplay may escape some folks, but it was just right for me. Great game. Nice MIDI soundtrack to go with it. Reminds me of my Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past days, except this was a lot more dumbed down (not in a bad way -- no rupee farming, or whatever). Anyway, I played this game pretty much straight through start to finish and didn't regret a moment, although there were a few frustrating run-and-jumps that drove me crazy for a while before I finally got them right. Pretty clever gameplay with a couple poignant moments. I won't easily forget several of the levels.  9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,234900,17360197,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,EnriKinsey,"Plays like an uninspired Link clone, with some gimmicks that did not hold my attention for long."
76561197985159091,Recommended,234900,17368714,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bambi,"Wow ! very good games for any Zelda type lovers .  Some puzzle a quite amusing . Lot of imaginative weapon and tool ,  If only the music score would have been positive or if you prefer  joyfull  or adventure  like ,,  it would have been perfect , to my taste  the music is gloomy like a rainy day !  it is mentionned in the description , but i think it is the only flaw  of the game . Imagine a cool score of music like zelda ,,  pfff   the game would have been an instant clasic ...all the rest is perfect ,, glad  i made the purshase . Thanks  to the team lot of fun !"
,Recommended,234900,17439191,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,uberwookie,"This game was pretty short and to the point. It is an excellent homage to 8-bit top down puzzle action rpgs, and has an intriguing plot. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,234900,17442994,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Rook,"Likely one of my favorite games.  (I played it off Steam, so ignore my recorded playtime.)If you enjoy 2D Zelda games, you will enjoy Anodyne.  If you enjoy exploration, you will love Anodyne.  Slight nondescriptive spoiler:the post-game content sets a new bar in gaming."
76561198024870215,Recommended,234900,17630657,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[SCCV] OnaV,"If there is one thing that makes immersion happen, it would be atmosphere. And this game has plenty of it. It does a brilliant job at showing a surrealistic world full of mood. From the very beginning of the game you are thrown into a very atmospheric environment with appropriate music to accompany it, and at parts this game gave me chills because of its perfect execution of this concept, and in a world as strange as Anodyne, curiosity is also an important drive factor. Too bad there is a game breaking glitch that can sometimes occur when you collect all the collectibles that corrupts your save data.Get this game, put on a high quality headset, dim the lights in the room and let yourself be dragged into this atmospheric masterpiece that is Anodyne."
,Recommended,234900,16539543,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Broockle,"Anodyne is a neat little top down Zelda clone. It has solid gameplay and puzzles within all the dungeons and a good amount of exploration. But most of the bosses can be defeated by simply ignoring all damage and mashing them until they drop. I ended up out healthing all except the final boss. The game also hardly has any items to upgrade yourself with.But the game has some little mind-♥♥♥♥y moments that I do appreciate and it's overally well done.It's a good 6 hour experience, more if you collect all the cards throughout the game.I'd say give it a shot if you like that kinda thing, I certainly did ^^"
,Recommended,234900,16309968,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Missing,"You are sleeping; deep in the throes of a strange dream. You wander through the corridors of synaptic networks, caught in the collage of a lifetime's worth of image and sound. As you make your way into a melting version of an old friend's home, you trip over the fragments of a childhood memory. You heave yourself off the ground, noticing a copy of Link's Awakening beneath you.But wait! Something is amiss - the title text is different. It reads ""Existential Angst Simulator 2013"". You blow once into the cartridge for good measure, before loading it into the empty slot of a nearby SNES Gameboy Player.Also, the music's really good."
,Recommended,234900,8733219,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ben,"this was a fun game! I somehow missed that you're playing in the main character's dream world, and also forgot that the main character's name was Young, which probably would have made it make a lot more sense >_> (I blame the minor cold I've had recently.) but even being totally oblivious to two of the most important facts in the game, it was a trippy-weird, zelda-y fun-time.P.S. I've read it compared to Yume Nikki. this makes much more sense after realizing that the game takes place within your dreams. I would have otherwise never compared the two, because unlike Yume Nikki, Anodyne has a much more structured, approachable game-play."
,Recommended,234900,7195718,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,ThiefZidane,Beautifully simple. I'm glad to support these kind of devs
76561198005736079,Recommended,234900,2324557,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Feenix,"Anodyne is basically Yume Nikki meets The Legend of Zelda. It's a bit short and I didn't find exploration to be as compelling as it could have been, but still, if the idea of an unconventional Zelda-like game with an unsettling atmosphere sounds at all appealing, I highly recommend giving it a try."
76561198092549302,Recommended,234900,8766115,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cynical_Prophet,"Twisted and dark, well worth a play. It might look like an 8-bit snes game and to a point it is but the story takes some serious dark twists. If you’re into story in games as much as me, then this one is for you."
76561198004576021,Recommended,234900,8712355,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Pacifist Floran,"Very good game, but frustratingly short."
76561198009186894,Recommended,234900,8716847,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,>>zub | grezeh,short 8-bit fun.1 walk-through-worthy (with a discount)
,Recommended,234900,8718794,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mitchfynde,Imagine A Link to the Past. Now remove the majority of the items and replace them with the existentialism of Earthbound.
76561198113841200,Recommended,234900,8542066,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SpikeyOrphan,Oh man this game!  The quickest way to sum it up is by saying this is what happens when you merge Earthbound (the feel of the game) with the Legend of Zelda (gameplay).  The game has a perfectly crafted creepy feeling throughout it's entirety.  Initialy I loaded it up just to try it for a bit and it instantly became the only thing I played until I beat it.
,Recommended,234900,1215114,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,"Pretty simplistic. Do you like 2D games? Do you like hitting things with brooms? Do you like finding keys to doors? Do you like arrow keys?Also, cards. Both in-game and out."
,Recommended,234900,6468163,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,enthralledecay,Get ready for an absorbing retro-styled atmospheric journey!
,Recommended,234900,9500862,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"What do you get when you mix one part Zelda, one part Cthulhu, and one part…well, I’m inclined to say Earthbound, but somebody already has and while it’s certainly odd and funny at times, it comes off as more bizarre than anything. Anyway, you get Anodyne, a game about…well, I’m not really sure. I do know that it has a similar look and feel to older Zelda games, but it’s way darker.  The game pokes fun at various videogame tropes, but also throws a few of its own out there, such as collecting cards in order to proceed because doors are apparently…shy…and won’t open if you don’t have them.No, not keycards either; collector cards for different monsters. Yeah, the game is definitely bizarre.  It’s also very fun and intriguing. There are a number of things that happen in the game you certainly don’t expect, but that’s not saying much from a game like this. Really, I’m halfway between not wanting to spoil anything and also not really understanding what I’m looking at all at the same time. It’s cheap, it’s fun, and it’s definitely worth it."
,Recommended,234900,290921,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,BoringK,Enormously upsetting.
,Recommended,234900,4301732,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Jason_c_o,"A strange experience, but worth playing for the zelda-esque gameplay. Not sure I fully understand the story/characters, but I actually think that's the point; Lot's here open for interpretation and discussion."
76561198075919472,Recommended,234900,11708734,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,X-Yz,"A nice over-the-top style game with a grim retro feel. The story is compelling and truly immersive as well. It's true to the ""Legend of Zelda"" feel as well. Music fits with the subject matter, and although it does get annoying when you have to venture across 100% (and even more after a certain point in the game), the stages keep you fairly involved. The difficulty varies here and there, but all-in-all, the game is worth the buy to play. It's a really long game, but I found it worth my pay."
76561198057185008,Recommended,234900,6011682,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,somepaleking,Surreal and beautiful... and fun!
,Recommended,234900,10649977,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jprose30,"While the dialogue can be excessively ambiguous, the gameplay is decent 16-bit fare.  The multiple dungeons offer a moderate challenge and there are some nice secret items and easter eggs.  Finding the next places to go after starting the windmill was unnecessarily difficult.  I did like the music and retro graphics and the game was satisfying, overall."
,Recommended,234900,10619594,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GreenTrashcan,This is one of the best games to play if you loved A Link to the Past and an almost limitless amount of secrets.
76561198019964828,Recommended,234900,12576729,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Treelusionist,"Easily one of my favorite steam games. It is definitely an insane trip worth taking.It plays kind of like LoZ, but with less time spent in the overworld. Basically dungeon after dungeon.The scenery, music, and general creepiness of Anodyne produce an addictive dreamlike atmosphere.When I bought it I sat and played it to completion, which took a little over 5 hours.The only real downside is that Anodyne is short I didn't really want to play through it again."
76561198054324555,Recommended,234900,12251444,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Master Machiavel,"This game retains both the gameplay feel of the original Zelda, and the quirkiness and psychological absurdity of Earthbound fused into one, mysterious and, at times, wonderful, RPG. For me, I think this game by its own merits is a very interesting game at the very least, with a unique feel to the artwork, and some of the most luscious, entrancing melodies I have ever heard in a videogame. They seem to shimmer with celestial mystery, and at other times, shift into quaint, innocent tunes which fits perfectly with the idylic, art inspired world. The fact that this game, was done by literally only two people is beyond incredible, and the complexity of the project and beauty of the music when looking at the budget and manpower attests to the ingenuity and imagination of the developers.However, there are some flaws which certainly makes me think this game often betrays good gameplay or even an entertaining story for overly abstract and 'out there' symbolism. The use of the broom, although an amusing play on the sound of Link's sword, makes for an especially boring weapon and means of interacting with the world. Never mind the grating sound as the broom emerges before you, the lack of any other notable weapons and tools (unlike Zelda which had a whole set of tools to diversify gameplay) makes being stuck with this weapon feel limiting and maddening at times. This same lack of variety also plagues the enemies, who don't necessarily feel special or unique enough to employ any more meaningful strategy than 'attack with your broom and hope for the best'. Having said this, whilst the combat gameplay feels beyond mundane, some of the puzzles are much more convincing, and reminded me of the good days of more challenging Zelda puzzles.In the end, definitely get this game and try it out, it is, in my opinion, one of the most innovative and atmospheric RPGs I've seen in a long time, but it is plagued by a few narrative decisions that seriously hinder the gameplay and a story that often seems to run away from concrete themes and ideas into the black abyss of abstract meaning. I seriously hope for the next game by these two talented developers, and hope they continue to pour resources to channel their amazing ideas into a more solid gameplay experience to match the incredible sophistication of the atmosphere and beauty their games attain."
,Recommended,234900,11424381,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Phantron,Zelda Link's Awakening + Cave Story + Ittle Dew - weapons.
,Recommended,234900,11441968,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eric M Hunter,"Anodyne is a top-down adventure game in the same vain as Legend of Zelda and Startropics. You will journey through a vast world of strange places in a dream like state that holds little to no consistency. The music adds to the foreboding mood and pushes you through to meet some crazy characters along the way. You’ll be confronted by some well designed puzzles and lose life after life jumping over chasms and scratching your head through boss battles. If there was ever a time to take a chance on an unknown developer, Anodyne is the one I would recommend.http://iamericm.com/2014/01/anodyne-indie-game-review/"
,Recommended,234900,7683688,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,SUPER CONQUERANT,"A wonderful game, if you like the 8/16-Bits Zelda games, you just have to play Anodyne !"
,Not Recommended,234900,11217001,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"Do you like The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening? OK. Then play that.Honestly, it's not terrible, but it borrows too heavily from a game that's much better than it is, and it suffers from the comparison. The biggest problem with it is that the overworld is too sparse and empty, whereas in Link's Awakening, every single screen was memorable. Finding things in Anodyne's overworld feels like combing a beach instead of being fun thing to explore in and of itself."
,Recommended,234900,9955553,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[S]: trickster!TakeV,"This is a really, really trippy one. The best I can describe it is Zelda meets Yume Nikki. The gameplay is very solid, the characters are highly amusing, and there is a huge range of how every area makes you feel, from the serene to the scary.To this day, I'm not sure what it's about, but I don't think it matters that much.There is also something amusing about fighting monsters with a broom"
76561198043091668,Recommended,234900,9956406,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,A Hungry Bear,"This is for all of the people who are calling this game a Zelda rip-off:Look, I understand where you're coming from.  At many times I would see something in the game and go ""OH, really showing your roots there Anodyne, might as well just call your last boss Ganon and slap on a green hat...""  but then, I did something that really helped me appreciate the game, and games in general, for that matter.  I stopped evaluating it with respect to other games.  I considered it by itself.The art style is beautiful, and it's not fair to say that just because other games have succeeded using a pixel art aesthetic that Anodyne is just riding their coattails.  Is it true?  Maybe.  Is is a fair criticism?  No.  It's really not.  Look at the game again and tell me it isn't beautiful.  I spent so much time in the world of Anodyne not because I miss my old Link's Awaknening game, but because it was a world in which I truly enjoyed to be.So, the moral of the story is this:  you can tell me that the game lacked meaning, or didn't appeal to you, or that you didn't like the art style or humor or direction or pacing or any other legitimate complaint.  Just at least give it the credit to evaluate it by its OWN merits.The platforming is fun and challenging, the myriad of ways in which the designers have you exploring the broom mechanic is brilliant, the characters are quirky and fun, the world is gorgeous, and I truly enjoyed every part of this game.  I would recommend this game a thousand times over."
,Recommended,234900,6483150,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,$JUICY J$,This game is really great. It combines a feel of old Pokemon-like graphics with a game very much like Legend of Zelda. This game is really a masterpiece. The soundtrack is great also.
,Recommended,234900,13196647,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Anarchivist,"I killed physical manifestations of my fears and doubts with a dusty broom. 11/10If you are looking for something with classic style Legend of Zelda gameplay that's a bit abstract, check it out."
76561198020891527,Recommended,234900,13192436,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Thragato,"A flawless game, combining the original legend of zelda with platforming and a ton of other stuff. This is honestly one of the funnest, most addictive, games I've ever played. Also has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in any game, indie or no. Looking foreward from what else comes from these guys."
76561198005651344,Recommended,234900,25847203,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lazy Bones,An unexpectedly fun gem.
,Recommended,234900,2778501,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAh,"I will play damn near anything that reminds me of SNES era Zelda, but it helps that this game has interesting environments and good atmosphere. I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,234900,7087042,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,flower crown,What a great way to pass the time
76561198041278444,Recommended,234900,13016776,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rico,"Though often lacking a sense of direction, this throwback to the top-down Zelda games of yore delivers an interesting story and makes good use of its mechanics. Definitely worth a shot if you're into the genre."
76561198002274905,Recommended,234900,14718314,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kitfox37,"Simply awesome!If you ever enjoyed playing the old legend of zelda games on gameboy (Link Awakening, the oracles, Minish cap), then you will most likely enjoy this game.It's a very clever puzzle adventure game that renews itself very quickly as you go throught its different stages, showing huge imagination from its authors (Which I was amazed to know were only two).The ambiance is very well set up with just enough humour and drama. I would've appreciated for the game to be a bit longer (its 6 to 10 hours of gameplay) because I liked it a lot but it was still well worth it!"
76561198026545670,Recommended,234900,14753492,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,olthadir,"A beautiful game that really makes you think. The graphics are perfect for nostalgia, the story is surreal and the music is hauntingly beautiful.Well worth the purchase!"
76561198095488464,Recommended,234900,14814746,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Robodude,"Just the soundtrack for this game is well worth the money, besides that there is pretty sweet zelda-esq feel to the whole puzzle and dungoneering part. Although the story gets kind of fuzzy I can say that I didn't regret playing the game for even a second. The game gives you some general direction in the begining and then you are pretty much free to explore the mysterious world how you like.It took me about 9 hours to beat the game, once i started playing I was stuck and I ended up doing it in one session :D"
,Recommended,234900,8711530,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,NEZUMI,Beautiful atmosphere and artwork. Awesome Music. Pure SNES Nostalgia!Short sweet Zelda-esque open world adventure. Definitely worth adding to the retro games collection.At the end of the game you earn a Tile-Swapping tool which allows you to go back and actually leave and explore outside of the gameplay area. When you leave the map you can find hidden areas which hold easter eggs and hidden characters. It was a nice touch.  Gave a reason to come back and play some more.
,Recommended,234900,798514,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,sarysa,"It's a nice little Zelda clone that really appeals to the ""explorer"" gamer type..."
76561197999210411,Recommended,234900,14253836,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Z3R0,"Very cool game. Good atmosphere, music, length, and overall gameplay. Humorous character dialogues as well! Great job to Sean and Jon! This game also introduced me to Flixel , a great AS3 library for making games! Can't wait for Even the Ocean!!! Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,234900,14160767,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,pantra,It was first and foremost the amazing music that kept me hooked till the end and helped amplify the surreal and dreamlike mood of the game and it's unpredictability.
,Recommended,234900,395199,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,MrAptronym,"The humor and style of Earthbound with the gameplay of Zelda. Its only a few hours long, but Anodyne is fun, quirky and challenging."
76561197974159775,Recommended,234900,13600230,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,lum,"Anodyne is a Zelda inspired adventure game that plays like Link Awakening, but invokes the same eeire atmosphere found in games like Yume Nikki.The game uses its simple mechanics to draw the player into a world that feels dream-like in its inconsistency. The game itself has rather easy puzzles, but it puts a much greater emphasis on exploration which works well with the game's world.A number of people have called the game out as being pretentious -- and while I don't disagree -- I feel that the game is very enjoyable if you just acknowledge the absurdity of it all.Simple and enjoyable gameplay, with wonderful art and music."
76561198045648963,Recommended,234900,5149358,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Vicccious,"Great game, I got it at 50% off. Love it. Lots of dungeons, lots of gameplay. A bit limited on parts, but it is an indie game made by I believe just two people so whatcha' going to do? Basically. Hack and Slash.. with a broom!(and a sword in parts. xD), It is short(Could probably beat it in under 10 hours easily without much effort). End-game after0play is fun with the swap feature to get to play it a bit more.Quick recap-Zeldaisque gameplay-Swap feature adds to additional game-play after beating game-A bit challenging in parts but for the most part easy.-Very good music for an indie game-Glitchy in Spots.Worth it. Buy it on sale. You could buy it at $10, but personally I don't think there is enough in it for $10, so get it on sale.:D"
76561198040572469,Recommended,234900,13490462,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,turnips4tots,Grabbed me more than I ever thought it wouldUnusal and familiar all at the same time
,Recommended,234900,15063179,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LucasLCD,An action-adventure game with some really neat ideas.
,Recommended,234900,15054366,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,whammybarr,Not the most polished and straight forward game ever but makes up for it in sheer atmosphere and creativity. Anodyne has given me a feeling that I haven't really felt in a game before. It has the perfect mix of a dissociative dream-like state and concrete mechanics that usher the player along in an unending psychological flow. It also has one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a long time.
,Recommended,234900,21538871,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
76561198097663874,Recommended,234900,21438580,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dale Bawlz,"This game struck me as a Zelda-like adventure into someone's subconscious.  A really interesting trip, and worth the time.  I was not at all fond of the controls, and as a result, I struggled to get into the game at the start... but for whatever faults the game has, it was worth it.Dive into someone's head and wade through their dreams.  Exceptionally enhanced by the perfectly fitting and extremely well executed soundtrack.  Having completed the game, now I just need the flashbacks to stop..."
,Recommended,234900,6979363,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Fuyuhiko_Date,Great Game with some Game Boy Color charme :)
76561198165884917,Recommended,234900,18693440,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mokofin,"Anodyne brings Zelda to mind, in a good way. Although the game is quite short and not particularly hard, the puzzles, dungeons and enemies are very pleasant. If you like Zelda-like bosses with clear patterns (only easier), go for it. The storyline is not very clear, but it's not really a drawback: the universe just seems like a big weird dream/nightmare. And the music is nice, especially in the Cliffs section.Major con, though : diagonal jumps. F*** diagonal jumps.TL;DR : Fun Zelda-like in a weird universe, about 5h long in one playthough + extra hours for 100% the game."
76561198112989387,Recommended,234900,15043322,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SHARKEY,"hmmm... its okay i suppose, but i havent even beaten the first boss yet. still, i like it. controls are a little clunky but you will get used to it.7/10"
,Recommended,234900,20201631,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Riceball,Felt like Legend of Zelda gameplay.. good game.
,Recommended,234900,20498802,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Miso,"This game is great.  As  a long-time die-hard Zelda fan, I found this game to be both nostalgic and a refreshing breath of maturity.  The themes are thought-provoking, the soundtrack is catchy AF, and the puzzles are at times very challenging to pull off, even after you've figured them out.  The only complaint I could possibly have is that the combat tends to be a little annoying, as some of the enemy attacks are very hard to avoid.  However, there's plenty of variety and the game gives you plenty of life to work with, so it's definitely fine.  All in all, 10/10 would play again.  Buy now."
,Not Recommended,234900,9097275,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,YouVotedTrump&AllYouGotWasAHat,"Latency in the keyboard controls, mobile screen proportions for some odd reason, and terrible UI to adjust or modify anything make this game a disappointment. I'm all for retro but not laziness and incompetence."
,Recommended,234900,20024886,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,stelyu,"It wears its influence from Link's Awakening on its sleeve, but manages to be more than a clone through its wonderfully mysterious and dreamlike (appropriate, given how much it borrows from Link's Awakening) setting and good puzzles/gimmick areas."
,Recommended,234900,20104505,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pulse Demon,"Anodyne is basically Link's Awakening meets Yume Nikki. You play as a kid named Young, who has to explore The Land in order to save The Briar from the Darkness... yeah, Anodyne's pretty tongue-in-cheek about its Chosen One schtick.You spend the game exploring strange, eerie environments, fighting monsters, and solving puzzles. These range from a highway, to a classic Zelda-style temple, to an apartment complex, to an 8-bit maze full of zombies. The devs definitely didn't skimp on the environmental diversity.Like Yume Nikki, Anodyne's heavy on symbolism and light on explanations. (Why is the boss of the caves talking to you about video games? What's the deal with the Red Sea, and what are the things living in it?) The ending, as you'd expect, answers none of these questions and leaves the player even more confused. Maybe the postgame sheds some more light on things, but I doubt it.There are a couple things I disliked, though. You can't get to the final dungeon unless you collect all 36 cards hidden around the world- there are markers telling you which area's you haven't cleared out, but it's still a pain going through the whole game trying to find the things you missed. The combat is pretty bleh- unlike Zelda, there aren't any special weapons, so bosses boil down to ""dodge their attacks and hit them until they die"", except the final boss, which is more of a puzzle than anything. There are some pretty brutal jumping puzzles toward the end of the game. And it's short: I beat it in about 5 hours.Despite these flaws, Anodyne is still worth checking out- I had fun with most of the puzzles, and enjoyed exploring all the weird locales (the game's oppressive ambient soundtrack helped). Play the demo on Newgrounds, and if you like what you see, pick up the full game."
76561198080653419,Recommended,234900,20646949,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Barrel,"As someone who played this game after it was promoted on TPB and who had followed and speedran it for a long time since, I would say that I had fun with this.As a first attempt at a full on big project like this it makes me optimistic for Sean and Jon's other projects. Now, with that there are some pros and cons.Pros-Good soundtrack. I particularly love the Fields and Windmill themes as well as the final boss theme, ""Understanding"". I personally enjoy listening to OSTs outside of the context of the game and while you can do that easily with this OST and enjoy it in it's own right, the environments blend very, very well with the score here.-Interesting area layouts. During the post-game exploration there are a lot of new places to go to add some challange and lore to the game world.-Good dialogue. There are a few nice EarthBound-esque  moments in the dialogue.-Interesting boss ideas. Yes, all of them come down to hit it 4-12 (respectively) until die, the ideas behind the bosses were at least neat.-If you're like me and like non-standard, more surreal elements in level design then this has it in terms of the level concepts. This does, admittedly, take some inspiration from Link's Awakening (I also, litterally, see some Binding of Isaac in there as well) but never so much that I get ""rip off"" vibes ever.Cons-While the dialogue is good at points the story loses focus, especially when it comes to the post-game exploration. Once you've gone everywhere in search of every item and new area it leaves you with a sense of ""was that it?"", sadly. There's definitely some good ideas here, but with the somewhat oblique storyline - that addmittedly does add to the surreal aspects of the game - coupled with the overarching goal of the game being vauge even to the credits I can't help but feel there could be more done with it.-This is a slightly personal thing but I really wish there were more achivements in the game to further reward replays. Not a big deal, but it's a minor nitpick. For a game where there's so many easter eggs and weird things to see (Elk) there could've been more unique achivements.I will give one neutral remark: like I said I speedran this game for nearly 2 years and while I do know of more than a dozen huge glitches in this game, rest assured that you'll never run into them in this game. They're the type of glitches that you have to be purposfully trying to achive.Overall I'd give this a recommend. Despite its flaws for a first go it's certainly more functional and interesting (not to mention fun) than a lot of first attempts at a full game. Like I said, it's enough to make me interested and hopefull for future projects."
,Recommended,234900,1692211,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Popato!,It's like Zelda: Link's Awakening if it were a more ♥♥♥♥ed up dream
,Recommended,234900,27283567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rustic Penguin,Probably one of the coolest top down rpgs I've played in a while. It captures that feel of exploration and adventure from legend of zelda. While adding suspense and an interesting yet vague story.Definitely worth buying
,Recommended,234900,27295191,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elissis,"It takes only a few hours to finish it, but... It's one of the best game I've ever played.Amazing world, beautiful landscapes, nice gameplay, I fell in love with the broom (yeah... maybe not) and with the soundtrack.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,234900,27288093,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☩ Tak3R ☩ シ,Very emotional and quite touching game. Enjoyed it quite a lot
,Recommended,234900,27328464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR gameplay is very like the old zelda games and its quite a good game even though i found the controls a but frustratingFull Version:Anodyne plays a lot like the older Zelda games like Link to the Past and Links Awakening. You travel around entering dungeons, finding keys to open more doors until you ultimately end up facing the dungeons boss. This game differs from Zelda in that the areas are all really different to each other with their own weird themes like a circus and a hotel for example. And they are all connected by a nexus that you can return to at any time. The nexus is useful as it saves you from having to backtrack through previously cleared areas to reach the one you want. Also instead of a sword your character fights with a broom for some reason.It doesnt manage to recreate the greatness of the classic Zelda games but it's still a good enough game in its own right. There isnt really much of a story to tie things together and what you're doing and why is a bit vague. But the dungeons are quite well designed, particularly the ones later in the game.Good points:- nice looking retro graphics and a pretty good soundtrack to go with it- some interesting themed dungeons that are also well designed-after killing the final boss the game has post-game content where you have a device that lets you glitch the levels to find some extra itemsBad points:- controls felt pretty awkward on the keyboard. The game lets you configure a controller but it doesnt do a great job of that either with the controls being a bit buggy- some of the jumping sections are infuriating, with the poor controls making it even more frustrating"
,Recommended,234900,6316049,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,DoDus.JollyFreak,This game is great. The story provoked all sorts of theories about what the hell is going on.
,Recommended,234900,15203159,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dick Dale,"Played it a little and got bored. The retro graphics and generic characters only go so far...EDIT: Played some more after having owned it for 2+ years. It's pretty interesting, actually. But you have to be either bored or in the peaceful explorative mood to play it. Exploring is fun but you honestly might as well go explore outdoors in real life if you are in the mood. This game subtly brings back fond memories of games I played when I was little."
,Recommended,234900,25939411,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,andermachines,"A neat little game in the style of the old 2D Zelda games, of which I don't come across as many duplicates outside of indie games like this one. While not as thoroughly designed and challenging as many of the games in that series, nonetheless Anodyne provides more than enough of a challenge & entertainment to see the player through to its completion. There are a fair amount of secrets to be found as well, and a lot of clever references to other games (""the village elder in name only, for he is neither""). Although the team behind this game said they're not planning on making any additions to it, I'm really looking forward to whatever they end up making next."
76561197969242917,Recommended,234900,23780976,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,scrub,"This is just Link's Awakening, but even MORE surreal and dreamy. Didn't think it was possible."
,Recommended,234900,23462747,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,severettabbott,I've feel in love with this game the moment I started playing it. The exploration is great and the tone and atmosphere of the game is on point. Fans of Link to the Past will love this game.
76561197998975393,Recommended,234900,23494708,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,aaronwells,"Good: A pretty fun Zelda-ish game, with a lot of different levels to explore and puzzles to solve. The areas are nicely varied with different graphical themes.Bad: Some areas are ugly and dreary. The story's ending was kind of a letdownVerdict: If you like'd the old 2-D Zelda games, get this one for the gameplay."
76561197977097039,Recommended,234900,23478030,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dat 605 Life,"I have thoroughly enjoyed playing this game for the few hours I have played so far. I wish I would not invoke other franchises as a comparison, but this game feels like the quirkiness of Earthbound meets the game mechanics of the Gameboy Color Legend of Zelda games. It is a nostalgic throwback which delivers through its simplicity, and to boot I am enjoyed unveiling the story in a piecemeal fashion. I would recommend purchasing this game, even at the full price point, to help support the developers and encourage them to create another quirky game."
,Recommended,234900,23159049,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Abysswalker,"A surreal experience, Anodyne provides fun, Zelda-style gameplay and interesting environments, puzzles, and story to go with it. The sound track is great, and the art style is simple, but satisfying. Definitely worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,234900,23444324,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mckinst87,"Not sure how this game ended up in my library (suspect a humble bundle) but god I enjoyed it. part Zelda, part Silent Hill sound effects, genuinely chilling in places and a freakin Binding of Issac easter egg! Love it."
,Recommended,234900,22511629,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,trouble with tribbles,what i thought i signed up for: cute zelda clonewhat i got: unending existential dread
,Recommended,234900,23429603,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lunacia,"this game was really awesome! but still... not every game is for everyone. so i think this game is for anyone who like ""philosophical"" and 2d rpg..."
76561197995255694,Recommended,234900,1601738,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,[Yiff Div] Douchebag McFrench,MAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
76561197960960793,Recommended,234900,22341739,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rabidboxer,To the point reviews:If you like simple indy style A-RPGs akin to Zelda a link to the past  you may like this one.
76561197986760552,Recommended,234900,28262982,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Shockwave,"A lightweight adventure game inspired by the original Legend of Zelda. The main goal is find all of the cards located in treasure chests throughout the world and dungeons.The overworld is mainly for exploring and has very little in the way of enemies. There are a few scattered environment puzzles. The dungeons have more enemies and puzzles.The game is fairly non-linear, usually having quite a few different areas available to explore. Once you find enough cards you can open doors to new areas, giving you more options to explore.There isn't much in the way of tools in the game, you mainly just look for cards and a few secret Easter eggs. There are a few upgrades for the weapon that can be found but that's about it.At the very end of the game you're given a tool that lets you swap any two tiles, allowing you to actually remove walls and go through to screens you would never normally be able to get to. There are actually quite a few hidden areas with cards in them that are only accessible with this tool. This has a very ""hacky"" feel to it which I really thought added a new dimensionto the game after it's already been completed.-Playtime-The game is fairly short. Expect only 4-7 hours on a first play through, depending on how much backtracking you do. With the correct route the game can actually be completed in only about 2 hours.-Achievements-The big one here was to find 100% of the cards which requires you to go back through a lot of the areas with the tile swap tool. I enjoyed the treasure hunt of tracking down all the cards and having to use the swapper really added a different feel to it at the end. The other notable achievement is the speedrun, completing the game under 3 hours was actually fairly easy with the correct route.Recommended on sale."
76561198128559947,Recommended,234900,27735577,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Scarecronie,"This game is one of the big reasons I love indie games. A heavily Zelda inspired journey through a surreal landscape with a gorgeous soundtrack. It takes a little while to truly feel engrossed in the games world, but once you do, it becomes a world that you're reluctant to leave. It won't be for everyone; it's not as difficult or challenging as a classic Zelda, yet it still feels rewarding when you make it through an area and finally kill the boss, and more of the enjoyment comes from the atmosphere anyways. The narrative was sparse, and I wished there was just a little more, as I enjoyed trying to puzzle out exactly what was happening, but I was left confused and wanting answers. Being able to glitch out the game as a feature at the end and continue exploring the world was a nice bonus thrown in by the makers, and neatly wrapped up a great experience.8/10"
,Recommended,234900,27905902,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,goat,Nominated for theI Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An AwardAward.
,Recommended,234900,33470300,Posted: 11 July,all,jlavin17,"This is a fun game.  I like exploring the environment.  It is relaxing.  I try to listen to news or comedy while I play.You'll need to look up what the plot was afterwards.Also, I'll try not to spoil anything, though I don't know what constitutes a ""spoiler"" in this game, but the item you get after the swimming scene is amazing and I love it.  It is probably this game's defining innovation, and deeply enhances the exploration aspect."
,Recommended,234900,3915208,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Five Bean,"For any and all who are fans ot the top-down Zelda games, most notably A Link to the Past, Anodyne captures that expereince in a unique way. It provides a feeling of dread and discomfort as the protagonist, Young, makes his way through dream-like environments. The soundtrack is absolutely spectacular as well and compliments the experience using dissonant chords and gloomy yet catchy riffs reminiscent of the 16-bit SNES era."
76561198094625792,Recommended,234900,7707493,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Shadow Agent,"If you enjoy the original Legend of Zelda games, or maybe you want to relive the golden 16bit era, then you have to play this game!"
,Recommended,234900,28854221,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rexiam,"Whatever you do, keep your eyes on the map. Or else, you will go around in circles, just like me.Especially if you're in a dongeon. With enough skills...there'll be no need to follow some rules.Pro:Fun UI and fightingGreat storyRed Ocean!!!!!!! (Sorry I love that kind of place)FreedomCon:Forest (I think one of the blocks have some kind of magical deterrent or something)Freedom"
76561198306713626,Recommended,234900,28816276,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PoSe1d0n,"Trust me, Anodyne's a great RPG puzzle-dungeon sort of game and it's really addicting until I faced an issue... I was near the end of the game - I just had to collect 4 more cards to see the Briar but when Save and Quit the game and relogged  the game had been reset to an earlier point where I only had 9 cards. So all those 8 hours of playtime had been for nothing? I tried everything but couldn't fix the issue. If anybody can help please do."
76561198163652804,Recommended,234900,28959947,Posted: 2 January,all,Qebneb,"I enjoyed the weird world and kind of story that Anodyne had. I do have to say I did get this game on sale. It was fun with Zelda ish gameplay, but I would wait till it goes on sale."
76561197977099312,Recommended,234900,29619893,Posted: 31 January,all,backspace2021,"This game has a great feel to it, I love it! Sorta strange and familiar at the same time in the best way."
,Recommended,234900,34051541,Posted: 5 August,all,isaacbee,"A surreal and beautiful Zelda-esque game. The combat isn't great, but I really enjoyed the exploration and puzzles."
,Recommended,234900,34393378,Posted: 21 August,all,Mendu,"It's a nicely build Legend of Zelda type game. I'm really enjoying it thus far. I don't know if it's 10 USD good, but it's fun. If you can get it for a few bucks and are a Legend of Zelda fan, I'd say go for it."
,Recommended,234900,35036218,Posted: 17 September,all,Aequitarian,"The tone, atmosphere, and music were good enough to keep me playing despite both intensely disliking and being completely awful at zelda/zelda clones.Worth the money but the soundtrack is probably the only unmissable bit.Only real gripe is that it sucks with keyboard and it won't let you use the dpad on a 360 controller so you're stuck with the stick which is not all that much better. Retro USB recommended if you have one.Also the last thing you need for the hidden achievement is the worst thing in the universe, so if you're trying to get them all just brace yourself."
