user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030080447,Recommended,234940,17930457,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PrinzEugen,"Original example of how a novel can be transformed into a gameThe 39 Stepsis a unique interactive visual novel, developed byThe Story Mechanicsand first released on Steam in april 2013. The game is based on the novel with the same title by John Buchan, which got quite well-known thanks to its being the inspiration for Ian FlemmingsJames Bondbooks. The novel tels the story of Richard Hannay, a bored-to-death gentleman who all of a sudden finds himself in the eye of an espionage storm. Buchans story has its flaws: some plot-turns come across as unbelievable, but the characters are drawn very fine indeed, as is the time period against which the plot evolves.Buchans novel is followed very closely in the game, which does an excellent job in transferring the overall feel and atmosphere of the period and place during which the action takes place: London, Scotland and the English countryside early summer 1914, just before the outbreak of the First World War. The developers achieved this by using a brilliantly designed and executed visual style, with a lot of hand-drawn images.Actually, the story is told in several different ways, all with their own level of interaction. The narrative part of the novel is being projected on the screen, with the player having to click through the different lines. But the game manages to introduce variety even in this simple mechanic: the tempo of the clicking varies: sometimes a screen is held onto longer, while at other times clicks has to done much faster. Dialogues are being voice-acted in a very convincing way, some self-contained stories are even being projected as short movies. There is some point-and-clicking too, although this is allways clearly indicated and not designed as a challenge or puzzle. All in all, the variety in interaction between player and game helps a lot to draw one into the story.The awesome visuals and interesting storytelling are accompanied by a soundscape that mostly stays in the background, punctuating some important actions without drawing any attention to itself. A bit more of these, and a more convincing musical envelopment would have painted the period even better I believe. But this is only a minor quibble. More problematic are the click-and-drag actions one has to perform to unlock doors or achieve other minor tasks. These feel tucked on, and do not integrate well within the overall concept.Highly recommended to anyone interested in visual novels, in literature or in artistic games in general. It's a real shame this development studio hasn't released any more games yet."
,Recommended,234940,9341082,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,kekmet,"The 39 Steps leads you on a journey through lush hand-painted backgrounds, moody music, and excellent voice-acting. You are Richard Hannay, a well-to-do British gent living a boring life in London in 1914.Calling 39 Steps a game seems to be doing it a disservice, as it is more of a interactive story that just has you along for the ride.  There are points in the story where you 'control' the protoganists action, but you have no real power to affect the momentum of the narrative. The story is gripping, though, and these attempts to insert a more direct hand in the game are infrequent.I have never read the source material, so cannot say how well it holds up to the original. The 39 Steps stands well enough on its own, though.Achievement hunters interested in 100% games will find this one easy to complete, as achievements are awarded through story progression and are impossible to miss. I'd recommend not reading the achievement list before you start the story, though, as they could spoil some future events.So, if spy thrillers are your thing, grab up your pipe and your brandy and dive into this one."
,Recommended,234940,15179909,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pointnclickster,"This is a great blend of a video game and an e-book. Not spoiling anything, this is a great spy thriller set right before WW1. There is limited interactivity since you are usually just clicking on various locations, finding helpful items and clues, and piecing together the mystery. The artwork is fantastic. So many times I wished I could be sucked into the game just to enjoy being in the world of England 1914. While the backgrounds are stunning, the characters are given a silhouette, letting the player draw their own conclusions to their distinct features. I love the cut scenes. They are done in a silent film style, which again draws from the time period. The cast of voice actors is spot on perfect. Now whether or not this game is worth the full retail pricetag is debatable. I bought this game for 1.49 and it was well worth it. Knowing what I know now, I would have paid full price. However, I love story above all in video games. For those who are bothered with the limited interactivity, wait for a sale. I cannot wait to see what The Story Mechanics will do next! This is an indie developer I will keep my eyes on."
,Recommended,234940,31221530,Posted: 18 April,all,CorvusCorax,"Ever wondered what it would feel like if you read a novel with accompanying artwork, plus, each conversation was acted out by voice actors? This is what ""The 39 Steps"" feels like - the so-called ""digital adaptation"" of a Scottish novel by the same name.The ""game"" shows us texts telling us the story of Richard Hannay. One picture follows another one; when watching these we hear the corresponding sound effects: horse carriages moving in front of Richard's house or the sound of a stream just under the bridge where he's having a conversation with a stranger. This is an interesting genre - I do not know what to make of it but 39 Steps was a good example to give it a try for the first time.The plot revolves around an expatriate who returns to London and meets a strange fellow who starts babbling about a plan to assassinate the prime minister of Greece. Apparently, getting rid of this person can result in such a chaos that may bring World War I forward (historically, we are just before when the actual war broke out, in the spring of 1914). Richard takes in Scudder who is later found dead in his room. This comes as a surprise as Scudder explained it to Richard in detail how he actually arranged his death a while ago so that nobody would come looking for him (since he already knew too much of this plan to create anarchy).So, Richard is on the run and while doing so he meets quite some people and uses a couple of aliases in order to hide. As mentioned, you essentially read texts to follow his story - these do not appear all at once but as you move your mouse clockwise you receive your next batch of sentences on the screen. As you complete certain sections (the game calls these events) you earn achievements; this is an easy way to get 100% since you just need to complete the game.Occasionally, Richard finds himself in a room that he can investigate. This simply means that some objects are highlighted and once clicking on them the corresponding (explanatory) text appears. Diamond symbols in the lower-right or -left corner of the screen indicate how many items we can find and interact with. I do not know if they are a must for the achievement but since you rarely get more than 3 or 4 it is really easy to find everything.If I remember correctly there are 19 chapters altogether and bookmarking any section within a chapter is possible so that you can pick up right where you left it off. There's some great voice acting done here and also I liked the accompanying music. The story was also interesting - mainly because I was eager to find out what exactly the 39 steps meant.Like I said this is an interesting genre to pick - some might say it's best to just pick up a book and read it. Since I like the concept and the execution (casual gameplay and simplistic, but great looking menus and beautiful artwork) I give this one a thumbs-up. Unfortunately, upon checking if there were more from this developer I did not find any but this novel was already released 4 years ago."
,Recommended,234940,14949330,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hitchet,"Okay, be ready not to play but to read a lot thoughtfully. You don't have any choice while reading, all the process is strongly linear like a book. It's not a shortage, it's a fresh experience.7/10"
,Recommended,234940,32032295,Posted: 28 May,all,Orestes,"This was on a 90% sale recently and I decided to give it a try; I wasn't disappointed!It is a visual novel with minimal interactive moments, but with rather pleasant music and realistic sound effects. Also an interesting story,an adaptation of the adventure novel written by the Scottish author John Buchan in 1915,great dialogues and voice acting.Apart from the 20 achievements, there are cards and awards within the game, which explain parts of the narrative and can be gathered by paying attention to all the detailse.g. at the initial crime scene.Overall, it was a quite good 4-hour experience and I enjoyed it thoroughly.I recommend it, especially if it is discounted."
,Recommended,234940,22749179,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Come, sit with me by the fire a moment, you smart, youthful, effervescent, irresistably attractive gamer you. I'd like to have a chat with you about modern life, if I may. There's a really good point to all this, I promise.There's way too much content out there right now. And no matter what it is you're in to, you'll never be able to get through everything you want. Whether you're a TV show enthusiast or a movie lover, you're high on sound or big on gaming, an avid fan of all the latest comic books or works of highbrow literature, or just a dedicated follower of the art scene or certain, ummm... specialist videos found throughout the internet, whatever's your bag, there's more going on than any mere mortal would ever be able to keep up with. And that's even if you're only into one of these things. If you're into a few then, well... yeah, you're basically boned.There's more content to consume now than ever before, and that statement will only ever continue to be more and more true as time goes on. There used to be a time when content creation was something reserved for the elites, for people with access to the proper equipment and money needed to produce something then distribute it to the masses, and we pretty much had to be content with whatever scraps we were given. But now, the doors have been blown wide open for just about everyone. No longer do you need a big expensive studio to make music or record film. Even amazing games can be created in a bedroom then reach a global audience more easily than ever. All you need is a microphone or a camera and a computer with internet access and you already have the basics to get started for so many things. I don't know about you, but I think that's pretty bloody mind-blowing.The great thing about that? We're now spoiled for choice for how we want to pass the time and entertain ourselves. The bad thing? We now have to be incredibly fussy about what we consume and time now becomes one of our most valuable commodities as we have less of it to decide whether something is worth sticking with or if we want to move on to the next thing. And that's before even in factoring real life into the equation. We might have family or relationship stuff to deal with, or work or education matters to attend to. There's a lot going on for everyone. The result is that we now have to decide pretty damn quickly if we want to spend time on something. If it doesn't grab us immediately, then there's a million and one other things all screaming for our attention. Personally, I've never read a comic book in my life because the sheer volume of history there has essentially made that medium impenetrable for me at this stage. I used to play music but those days are far behind me now. Even TV and movies are fast dwindling in my life. I've made my bed with videogames, and now I'm lying in it. So, ""Just what in the name of Jiminy Christmas does this have to do with The 39 Steps?"", I hear you ask. Well, I don't read books either. But his made me realise gaming is the perfect gateway into so many other things.More visual novel than game, The 39 Steps is based on the book of the same name, a tale about a prospector and war veteran who leaves his African adventuring behind in the early 1900s and returns to his original home of England for the quiet life, only to soon find himself embroiled in an international conspiracy set to plunge nations into war with each other. What unfolds is a spy thriller as the hero, Richard Hannay, must avoid the clutches of the conspirators whilst also trying to gather proof to expose them and clear his name of a crime they have set him up as the perpetrator of. And so he goes, on a merry chase across the highlands of Scotland, meeting a colourful cast of characters along the way, as he tries to outwit his pursuers and do his best to stay one move ahead along the way.The presentation is beautiful, as an array of backgrounds are presented to us throughout every scene, and ambient audio sets the mood for us, along with the occasional splattering of music and voice acting. The art style can vary depending on the scene, cleverly introducing us to the tone of a particular character or scenario, before then returning to the more traditional, realistic, painted look for the rest of the story. There are occasional moments of interaction beyond clicking a button to read the next piece of text, such as examining the setting in a room or flipping through newspapers or assembling items that progress the story, but for the most part it's a pretty passive affair as you'll largely be reading your way from one part to the next.While it wasn't perfect, and some parts of the story felt like they were either meandering or getting repetitive in parts (I swear some of it felt like it was just an advertisement from the Scottish Tourism Board, dwelling on how stunning the scenery was or basking in the charm and generosity of the locals) overall I really enjoyed reading this - and that's what I found so amazing about it. Were this simply some pages and ink, or some text on a screen, I don't think I would have been nearly as involved as I was. But add some nice art and production values to it, gamify it alittleand throw in some achievements for me to get, and I'll play the hell out of it. It made me realise this could be the way to get gamers into so many other things, a Trojan horse of sorts to expose us to more great literature or art or to be used as a tool for learning.There's so much that could be done to exploit the medium of gaming to branch it out and reach wider audiences than so many things might by themselves. I mean, of the people who played/read this, how many would have actually sat down with the novel of their own volition otherwise? Provided it was based on the right source material, and handled with as much reverence and style as it with this, then they really could be onto something here. So, while this shines as a great example and starting point for what could be done with other pieces of media outside gaming, it's also a really great experience in its own right. I'm really glad I took the chance on it (and hope lots of others do, too) and look forward even more to seeing what else I'll be introduced to in future."
,Not Recommended,234940,24393057,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SuperStarAD,"All of the Steam achievements when playing on Mac and Linux are broken. Many forum posts have been made about it for years, and the developer hasn't made a peep.The presentation is elegant and stylish. The story is dull, simple, and slow.Recommended only for achievement hunters who play on Windows, or people who value style and don't give a damn about substance."
,Recommended,234940,9508390,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,C̮̥̥͋o͚̖͛ẅ͖̭̜̑̏++,"Hard to believe this well-written story is almost 100 years old :o+Better story than [insert generic vampire/zombie novel here]+Amazing backdrops!+Great voice acting (although I could not understand half of it even with subtitles ><)+Chapter-based ""play"" makes progress manageable (easy to pick up where you left off)o Maybe the story could be a little more interactive? (eg. walking around, having animations, actually decoding the notebook)- After the intense build-up the conclusion seems a little abrupt- Lack of actual gameplay may turn some people offDISCLAIMER: I have not read the actual novel10/10 Looking forward to the next adaptation by The Story Machanics"
,Recommended,234940,32103913,Posted: 1 June,all,bedwyrbedrydant,"I love The 39 Steps! One of the most best things I've played in a really long time. A fair warning for y'all looking for ""choices matter"" games, this isn't it. The 39 Steps is more of an interactive novel than an actual game, but it's nevertheless entertaining. It has incredible soundtrack and voice-acting, the art is, as well, brilliant.The only con I can think of is the fact that the in-game achievements aren't appearing on Steam even after completing a playthrough. It's rather frustrating, but otherwise there really isn't anything unfavorable about The 39 Steps.  Like any great novel that's worth re-reading, The 39 Steps is an interactive novel worth replaying.I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys more fun, interesting ways of reading. (And, if anyone's looking for the most story-faithful adaptation of Buchan's The Thirty-Nine Steps, my friend, this is the game for you.  You will not regret playing it.)"
,Recommended,234940,14161300,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dread,"The team behind this have done a really good job.  The artwork is fantastic, The sound effects and musical score is great, and the voice acting is spot on for the era the book is set in.  They have tried to make an 'interactive' digital book, of course your interactions cannot change the outcome as  they are purely re-telling an abridged version of the book.I like what they are trying to do here, however I did find the mouse gestures pretty much pointless and a waste of time.  I did like the moments of exploring the immediate vicinity for extra information but again not wholly necessary and they were few and far between.As much as I liked this I do wonder how much I would of enjoyed if I knew nothing about the book.  Taking a step back this is a very shortened version of the story and I feel the some of the gaps could make it uneasy to follow without prior knowledge.I am still not fully convinced this is a great way to get to know a book. Clearly,  actually getting the intended story and reading is far better but I would like to try this with a book I have no knowledge of and see how it plays out.However, I do recommend this to people who like The 39 Steps and to people who are open minded to trying new things."
,Recommended,234940,28756128,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"A fantastic tale of espionage and skullduggery wonderfully put together in a digital format. I have never been a fan of visual novels but this i enjoyed immensely. It has taken the original book and given it a new lease of life in the digital age. The artwork is superb. Acting throughout is very well done. If you've read the original tale, it'll want to make you re-read it, if you haven't, i'm fairly confident that you will be picking a copy up from the local bookshop.Great Tale, Great Fun.9\10"
,Not Recommended,234940,12069453,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cupcake Or Death,"No gameplay, no puzzles or mysteries to solve. No decisions to make. Don't get me wrong I love reading and I read a lot of books but the story was kind of uninteresting and there weren't any exciting events or real conflicts for the main character to overcome. Everything happened too easily. This game is beyond casual to the point of boring. I wouldn't even recomend this to my mother. The game can be completed in under 3 hours. (I had a lot of AFK time in menu screens - whoops). The controls are weird. Works better with my touchpad over my razer mouse."
,Recommended,234940,31241338,Posted: 19 April,all,RacePace,"Very nice visual novel. Be warned, it's not really a game, 99% of the time you'll read the story or listen to dialogs. The story is very nice though and if you don't mind visual novels then this is one I truly recommend."
,Recommended,234940,12716433,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ThunderPeel2001,"This is actually a really rather excellent little experience. It's everything you might hope it would be, from the limited description as an ""interactive book"". It's an atmospheric, detailed, and ultimately engaging way to enjoy a classic novel. I'm still early on in the story, but I'm already sold. It really is rather excellent.The developers have done a great job, and you'll really enjoy devling into 1914 London. Quite frankly I hope they do some more books in the future.It's true that you don't actually ""do"" all that much, but you honestly don't notice. The way you engage with the game world to reveal the story feels pretty organic. It's a bit like GONE HOME, but more honest and enjoyable.One tip: You can pretty the left mouse button to progress if the ""rotate the mouse"" doesn't work for you (as it didn't work for me).Recommended!"
,Recommended,234940,31953254,Posted: 25 May,all,.Reflected.,This is a beautiful interactive story!The only thing I dislike about it is the annoying electronic music during the credits.A soothing tango or maybe a upbeat rag would be much more fitting to my taste.8/10 would recommend it again!
,Recommended,234940,16116610,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Alizarine,"I wanted to start playing all of my Steam games, so I began with this.Althought the novel's genre is not my type, after playing the first two chapters I kept thinking about the game through the day, and ended up playing the rest of it in one go. Wonderful art and voice acting, and the story itself is told interestingly. Would definitely recommend it to anyone, even if they think they don't have the patience to read so much."
,Recommended,234940,21058232,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,stereoparade,"A fantastic visual novel. You can play the game with just your mouse, but you still feel immersed in the story. I enjoyed the way the dialogues were plotted out, and the way you get to see inside Hannay's mind through text over some very gorgeous imagery. Fans of the book will love it, and maybe some who play it will go out and read the novel. When it is on sale there's no reason not to buy it!"
,Recommended,234940,28962546,Posted: 2 January,all,Gamer,"The 39 Steps is an interactive fiction game or experience where you play as Richard Hannay, a regular British citizen in 1914 who was living his normal life till he meets a character by the name Scudder. After being introduced to Scudder at that time, that's when Hannay's life went downhill a few days later whenScudder was found murdered in Hannay's home. This caused Hannay to leave Great Britain for the time being to run away and hopefully prove that he's innocent and he did nothing wrong. After all that, he gets caught with a shadowy enemy group who want to kill Hannay to cover the whole murder up. Then Hannay becomes a free-man with the help of some allies but he still must be on alert for the evil shadowy group.All in all, I highly recommend this game or interactive fiction experience because it's intense, action-packed, and filled with mysteries/questions."
,Recommended,234940,9184914,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bryanhbell,"I've played through the entire game and really enjoyed it. The dialogue, ambient sound, music,beautifulartwork, and text combine well to set the mood and create an immersive experience not unlike the feeling one gets when reading a novel.You should understand that there is very little gameplay inThe 39 Steps. It is a visual novel, not so much a game. But don't let that deter you from playing. While text is the primary means of conveying the story, there aren't any walls of text to read. Instead, you'll be reading a few sentences here and there while you watch and listen. (There are some newspaper clippings with long articles, but it isn't necessary to read them except to further immerse yourself in the story's world. None contain information integral to the plot.)The 39 Stepshews pretty closely to the novel on which it is based (by John Buchan),notthe Alfred Hitchcock movie which diverges pretty significantly from the novel.The experience of playingThe 39 Stepsstayed with me for a long time afterward. I later found myself seeking other similar games in an effort to recreate the experience. I never did find any quite like this one. The closest I discovered wasDear Esther, but that game's narrative structure is much more ambiguous.The 39 Stepsemploys a more traditional novel-like story structure."
,Recommended,234940,12045600,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Touchstone,"Playing through the whole story took me close to 4 hours, and having paid £0.99 for the game when it was on sale, I found it to be unbelievable value for money.It's a hard game to praise, or criticise, as it's not really a ""game"" in the traditional sense at all. Self styled as a Digital Adaptation, it has varying levels of interactivity, but plenty of depth.Although I can't really praise the game makers for the story, I can say that it is beautifully exicuted.My one complaint is a really daft set of sequences where you need to draw shapes with the mouse in order to make Hannay do things like open doors and windows, or run. They feel awkwardly shoehorned into the game and also make it feel much more like it should have been developed for a touchscreen device.However, this minor complaint does not take away one jot from the overall experience."
,Recommended,234940,8916612,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Toost Inc.,"Not a book, and not quite a movie, The 39 Steps is hard to describe.If you've played any, this game is probably most like playing Visual Novels, except the story is on a set course and there are no choices to be made. Instead interactivity comes from other places: You preform certain actions that have no real impact on the story, and get to choose exactly how deep you get into details and backstories.If that sounds a bit boring, it's really is a lot more like reading a book than playing a video game based on one, and I suggest you approach it as such.Visually, it's very impressive. The text is accompanied by beautiful backgrounds mixed with old photographs and very fun animations, directed in such a way that really makes the text dance.Fair warning though, this game is quite obviously really aimed for touch devices, the mechanics would work a lot better there than on PC, and it lacks real customization options, so if you have the option go play it on one of those, if you don't it won't bother you too much though.All in all, I'm definitely looking forward to their next work. This is a very unique and new way to experience books, so if you like reading I'd definitely check this one out. If you don't, keep in mind that this is not a video game in the traditional sense, and this might not be for you."
,Recommended,234940,13886170,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Jadefelsen,A very nice storytelling Visual Novel in the early 19th Century of the British Empire with great british and scotts dialects and purely fine Sounds.When you like fine Storys buy it...
76561198008576331,Recommended,234940,9263592,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ag1ad,A great espionage thriller. It's more of an interactive novel than it is a game but with beautiful visuals and a very well written story. 10/10
,Recommended,234940,10026992,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Lymanity,"This is a digital adaptation, not a game.It's damn good at what it does. The voice acting is top notch. I never found myself being critical of the actors. The art work was excellent and really depicted the scenes well.The only mark on this experience was that although the music was fitting, some of the melodic and atmospheric tracks suffered from improper looping.Other than that, it was a truely immersive experience.With that said, I would recommend this at $15 or less. Why? If you enjoy these sorts of productions then you can't go wrong with this one, and perhaps the proceeds will funnel into the next project, of which you may be awaiting like myself, with great anticipation."
76561198086061585,Recommended,234940,10391095,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,gaia.razus,"The story is ok although the first part is boring a bit.Cinematic cutscenes are great. I like that style of this game.And for the achievements hunters, you must play this game because it's way too easy to earn all achievements. Just play through the end."
76561198082640923,Recommended,234940,20733647,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Paul196UK,An excellent story. I really enjoyed it as a fan of the book and the films.
,Recommended,234940,12158665,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Jesus built my Hotrod,"As this being a visual novel and not a classic video game it might not be made for everyone, but I was pretty much hooked from the first chapter onwards. This digital adaption of an english literature classic is executed pretty well, with beautiful hand drawn background stills for most of the time and an overall excellent atmosphere. The rare voice acting is good overall, the animated portions are great and the reading of the text isn't painful. There are one or two game mechanics which could have been handled better, but as this being the first of its kind that I am aware of, I must say the developers did a pretty good job and I am sure they are able to improve the really small annoyances in potential next installments.Highly recommended if you like to read (interactive) books/thrillers on espionage in the dawn of World War I, because this one is worth it and I really hope to see more digital book adaptions in the future.9/10"
76561198009690713,Recommended,234940,17982687,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,lime,"Delightful. I could not recommend the game more. If you enjoy reading books and were fascinated by Victorian Britain as a teenager, you will love this. If you enjoy story driven adventure games, this is recommended. The milkman disguise is a nice Arthur Conan Doyle cameo ."
,Recommended,234940,12847972,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,"STooGE$$$$, Carmine Ocean","The 39 Steps, based on novel of the same name in 1915, is simply a digital adaption of the written form.  This is not a game.  There are several interactive elements (e.g. using mouse to make specific gestures, looking for hotspots within rooms) but those elements are just to provide some layer of interactivity.The real schtick here is the superb voice acting, hand-drawn backgrounds/props, sound effects, and music.  In the traditional sense, this would be classified as an adventure game.  But there are no personal/story choices to be made as there is only one path, and that path is the novel.Alfred Hitchcock created a movie, which I have not seen, based on the novel, and other similarly themed movies like North by Northwest, which I have seen and do like.  If you like spy/deception stories like these movies, there is no reason why you wouldn't like this digital novel.I would love to see more adaptations like this; simple and easy experience to relax without dealing with the craziness of modern gaming.  It takes audio books to entirely new level. Also imagine doing this format with branching storylines."
,Recommended,234940,35170586,Posted: 23 September,all,LiuScarlett,"I read the original novel before and this game shows its loyalty to the novel. This is a novel with graphics helping the players to understand the adventure course of the hero, which demands much imagination when reading pure characters in novel. The game also cites many descriptions directly from novel. This game proves that the adaptation of novel into visual novel with music and sounds also added is a good way to revive old classics. This game itself is a succesful work."
76561198028167238,Recommended,234940,14723899,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BiberPF,"First things first: this is not a game but a digital adaptation (with some interactive elements) of the same-titled novel.Having read the book I have to say they did well. It starts off a bit slow until you get used to the means the story is told with (e.g. newspapers you find, movies that tell parts of the story, dialogue scenes with brilliant voice acting). Once you get past that it's just as good as the book is (which has a slow start as well mind you).If you explore everything thoroughly it'll take about 4,5 hours to finish it, well worth the money especially if you get it on sale. Be warned though, this is only available in English. For those having trouble understanding the different dialects there is an option to have it all in ""standard"" English - even with Gaelic subtitles if you'd like that.Get this if you like some creative entertainment that goes beyond video games. And if you have played a bit of Team Fortress 2 I'm sure you'll burst out laughing just as I did when the French General talks about the nature of the spy."
,Recommended,234940,18337148,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,9.4/10 - Fantastic JourneyAt first I didn't really like this game. But it really sucks you in. The story is gripping and amazing.In the beginning I didn't understand the $15 price.. now I understand that price is a deal! If you can get for less I would jump on this one.Worth the full price. On Sale for less than $2Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed
,Recommended,234940,811634,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"The 39 Steps isn't necessarily a great book, but the way the novel has been made interactive is a step in the right direction. Personally, for me, the story contained too much politics, which I hate with a passion. I can't help it. I just have no interest in it.  But the way this 'game' has been executed is done in a terrific way.I was actually talking with my girlfriend about how I'd love to read books like this, with beautiful high res pictures and dynamic text in it, and the voices recorded like you're listening to an audio book, with each person doing his/her part instead of just one and the same person.So, basically, this is an interactive novel. Reading this novel should take you anywhere between 3 or 4 hours. Short enough to keep you interested and long enough to tell you its story.One thing I didn't care for was the fact that there are a few Scottish conversations in it, sometimes being spoken with a certain accent. It was hard to follow at times, so it would've been nice if there were extra subtitles for those parts. I really had to concentrate to understand it. It's the only flaw I can think of, so if you're an avid reader you might want to give this a read.[Rating: 72/100]"
76561198148056197,Recommended,234940,12088162,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,John Doe,This is my first review on steam. This game is absolutely awesome! A completely new way to experience a novel. Bought it on sale - would definitely buy more games of this kind from this developer! (I was never a big point and click kind of games fan ('till yet)).
,Recommended,234940,12072039,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,"A very, very, very good game."
,Recommended,234940,21051522,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Halcyon,The 39 Steps isn't a game so much as a mildly interactive visual novel.  It features a fantastic visual style and it drips with tension from beginning to end.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,234940,11751224,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"It took me roughtly 5 hours to beat this game. I mostly played offline so it only said I spent 2 hours.This is not a game actually. It is an interactive graphic novel with lots of conversations. The voice acting, which makes up most of the game, is really fantastic. The sound effects are equalty amazing. I like how the studio treating foot steps, coin flipping, handling twisting, etc with fullhearted devotion. I really like the graphic style as well.The plot took place in Britain in 1914, right before the First World War broke out. The story deeply intertwined with the crises in the Balkans. This is an adaption of John Buchan's 1915 novel of the same name. I won't let any spoiler bothers you. All I can say is that this game tells a conspiracy theory regarding the casuastion of the war.This is a thriller. I enjoy every moment of it. I hate it when games trying to use all the annoying puzzles to stir the fluency of a story. You will find no part of that here.God I love this game."
76561197978188676,Recommended,234940,12126870,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Watson004,Not so much a game but more of a digital experience.  A very good story is enhanced by the atmospheric music and artwork.  Good voice acting too!  This is really worth playing to experience the story.
,Recommended,234940,12651299,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,retox,"Excellent execution, acting and presentation are both exceptional.Sound design could be less sparse, but is well considered.Felt like I was playing a tablet game, the action sequences could probably be dropped from the PC version.My only major gripe was the story, which the devleopers had no say in.Would look for more games of this sort if the price was right."
,Recommended,234940,23998099,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GeekFresh,"This digital adaptation of the John Buchan adventure novel is an enjoyable production.  The visual effects are wonderful; the art is beautiful and provides vivid illustrative context to support the narration.  The voice acting is also really good.  I will add that there are no puzzles to solve -- its limited player interaction and use of odd gestures to move the story along place it firmly in the visual novel realm.  I recommend this for any player looking for a laid back, rich, and intriguing storytelling experience.  You won't be disappointed."
76561198004568036,Recommended,234940,21385622,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Puss Peepers,"I didn't read the book, but after I finished the game, I think, I never will.The story wasn't that exciting, although it's supposed to be a thriller.After a while it gets pretty slow and shallow imho.. (could be different in the books idk)BUT.. I can't rly dislike this ""game"", as it's really well made, with stunning artwork and quite professional voice over speeches. I guess the developers put much heart into their work and therefore deserve a certain appreciation.Definitely recommended for impulsive sale purchases!"
,Recommended,234940,12045151,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Yellooow,"This game, hmm better to say this novel is truly great.It almost felt like reading a book.I'm looking forward for more good stuff like this in the future!"
76561198030892847,Recommended,234940,11705392,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Kid_McHutt,"Great :) The novel was great, this remake may be a little bit better."
,Recommended,234940,22311220,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Acerayl,"This is a step up from an audio book. The voice acting is wonderful and the visuals help those who have never been around that environment before. Some of the characters are silhouette so it still leaves your imagination to run while playing/listening to the game.  This would be a good next step above an audio book format and wish other classics were available like this. I read the book before, and this just made the experience better, since much of the scenery in my mind was different than what is portrayed here, and this visual experience made the story much better."
,Recommended,234940,134309,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Lacool,"It's not really a game but it's envisioned, well presented and engrossing. The sound design was excellent and the plot was about as complicated as any 'game' gets, although perhaps with a faint scent of cheese. To be expected for a story taken from a century old thriller novel. Excellent voice acting. Great, atmospheric way of enjoying a book."
,Not Recommended,234940,16346122,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Double Uppercut,"There are some game that are just the usual rubbish that just are games and nothing more. But there are the exceptions- games that push the limits of what it means to be a game. And I personally think ""The 39 Steps"" pushes the boundary the most, because it's hardly a game. Does it have fine points about it? Sure! It's got a great soundtrack, excellent voice actors, great background sounds, and well-done backgrounds. But I feel like how I felt with playing ""Over the Void"". All of this seems to be covering up how little the game actually has to offer. I played the game in roughly 3 hours because that game made me move at that pace. If I was in full control of the speed of the story, I bet I'd be done in roughly less than an hour. All the gameplay is melted down into clicking. Nothing complicated. Nothing at stake. Which really undermines the purpose of the achievements of the game. Oh, you clicked 15 times in this game! Ding!I don't mind point-and-click games but usually if you have some control of choice over the game. And choice over a game doesn't have to mean the way the story turns out. Sometimes the choice could be how you handle a situation, what steps you take to get somewhere, what items you use on an object. And 39 Steps takes all choice away and turns the game into a tourist ride of fun places around Scotland... PowerPoint Style. But it's a well-designed PowerPoint, I'll give it that!The story is decent. I never had read the 39 Steps, but I knew what to expect from older novels and this one's no different... the pacing is about as slow as a turtle trying to swim through maple syrup, and it doesn't help with the gameplay being slow, either. Sure, slow stories can be just as effective and the story in 39 Steps has it's moments, but there are a lot of long drags, and one particularly occurs with so much repetition you forget what's supposed to happen in the story. But the story, the good and bad parts, I feel I should give no credit to the the designers or the game's total score. I feel like it'd be better placed in a book review, since the designers just cherry-picked their favorite quotes of the story and threw the words in while an intense chase scene in occuring, undermining any slight tension the player might have been feeling.If you want to experience the 39 Steps, or you're a connoiseur of PowerPoints, this is perfect for you. I happen to be a gamer that prefers to actually play a video game, rather than watch it with short intervals of clicking."
76561197981392142,Recommended,234940,898182,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Blade Runner,"I really enjoyed this, though it could easily be argued that it's not a game.  There are no real choices to make, just the occasional choice of things to look at and newspapers to read.  For the most part, you're just reading through the story and enjoying some nice artwork and (probably my favourite part) nice sound effects and ambiance.  If you like the time period of pre-WWI England, or a good mystery/thriller, you'll probably like this.  I didn't feel cheated that it's not really a game; it was really nice to just relax and let the story unfold.  As advertised, I completed it in 6 hours (and all in one day, as I couldn't ""put it down."")"
,Recommended,234940,2691699,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,MrNeb,"A profoundly enjoyable game... It may not a 'game' in the conventional sense however the narrative is gripping, the imagery beautiful and it's well worth a look!"
76561198033498084,Recommended,234940,10921414,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,John Company,"This is less of a game, and more akin to a visual novel, nothing you do can affect the outcome, but the graphics, music, and voice acting set a very enjopyable tone. If you want something different, or if you enjoy things like this, then I would reccomend purchase."
,Recommended,234940,11093424,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Fred Casden,"A 'fairly' interactive way of experencing the story, it's more like you are 'shadowing' the lead character, and this 'game' relies more on its telling of the story than gameplay. I do recommend it for being a different experience and for telling a classic story in a unique way."
,Recommended,234940,10945264,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,deadward,"Great idea, and a really interesting presentation. Like a next level graphic novel"
,Recommended,234940,28782101,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"Very torn on this one. It's a ""digital adaptation"" of Buchan's espionage storyThe 39 Steps,and it's about as well-made as a visual novel can get. The voice acting is superb (performed by a real theater company, I believe), the gorgeous hand-drawn artwork really makes you feel like you're in pre-WWI Britain, and the overall interface is sleek without betraying the lovingly-rendered throwback aesthetic.Unfortunately, the story itself is the main thing holding me back from giving this a more enthusiastic thumbs-up. It's essentially an innocent-man-on-the-run thriller, and the middle 3/5ths or so of the game basically have the main character escaping one sticky situation after another, with little in the way of actual plot or character development taking place. Because this is a straightforward novel with no player choice involved, this middle section really dragged for me as chapter after chapter of near-misses began to give me deja vu. The story picks up some momentum towards the end as the main plot finally begins to unfold (there's a global conpsiracy involved, which is always fun), but don't expect much in the way of action or suspense; the climax felt appropriately genteel for this most old-timey of British thrillers. (The original novel was written in 1915, so what do you expect).With those caveats, I do recommend this game to visual novel fans, both for its production value and because the story does ultimately maintain some interest even during its repetitive middle chapters.P.S.:This was the first project of a development team called The Story Mechanics, and it looks like their intention was to produce ""digital adaptations"" (their term) of various literary works, beginning with this one. I went looking for them online and was sorry to see that they appear to be defunct, which is really a shame given the amount of skill and obvious enthusiasm they brought into making this game. Hopefully they'll return in another form?P.P.S.:I've never actually read the novel this is based on, but I have seen the Alfred Hitchcock movie version, which is fantastic and you should definitely watch it regardless of whether you get this game. (Though I was confused why the main character in this game didn't have a woman handcuffed to him while he was on the run... only to realize that Hitch probably threw that in there just to spice things up. Not a bad call, really)"
76561198363614598,Recommended,234940,33648331,Posted: 19 July,all,LOVER228,"the differences between this game and the movie of the same name :in the game the secret agent named scudder is a man while in movie is a beautiful female who describes the boss has a missing little finger ，also in the movie its very tricky when he has to  lie to the milkman ect.Although a lots things is differ from the movie, this game is still beautifully made ,especially the background"
76561198387038023,Recommended,234940,35070081,Posted: 19 September,all,intellectualgamer17,"The 39 Steps has a compelling story, intricate artwork, and great voicework. All of the given aspects make for a memorable game that is definitely worth the playthrough for any individual who enjoys visual novel style gameplay."
,Recommended,234940,30497461,Posted: 13 March,all,Marloo Redd,"This is a visual novel based on a novel published in 1915.  Interaction is mentioned a lot in this game's reviews, but it's minimal even by the standards of other narrative heavy games on Steam.  I didn't feel like I missed out because of that, but a lot of people do.  What you're getting if you do stick with it is a lot of nice art, voice acting that suits the writing style, and a look at a book that's considered a classic among the espionage and thriller genres.  I was impressed more by what the writing suggests was taken for granted by well to do people in the UK at the time and how people apparently spoke than by the story, but the story was still good enough to keep me interested.It might be a little overpriced at $14.99, since the book itself can be had for less than that, and the game's descriptoin seems to oversell the interative bits, but I still have give it a thumbs up for bringing a classic novel to Steam as well as it did."
,Not Recommended,234940,23241886,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,privatejoh,"Visual novels are usually not my cup of tea, so I might be biased here.In any case, I don't find this one particularly good. Neither the story, nor the actions that have to be perfromed in order to progress with it.Particularly, I don't get the concept where you have to make some specific mouse movement to open doors or perform any other trivial task. It seems as that was the only way the developers found to catch the ""player's"" attention. Completely unnecessary.Avoid."
76561198250694352,Recommended,234940,23429775,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jcknite,"Depending on the classification you choose, The 39 Steps is either incredible or inadequate. As a visual representation of a novel, it's sublime. As a ""visual novel"", it's subpar.I've never read the novel nor seen the movie/stageplay/etc, but I now understand why this tale has been adapted in so many forms. Trapped in an intriguing espionage narrative, the protagonist must use his wits and fists to solve the mystery... and, more immediately, to survive. All the while you experience the dread of a man on the run, not knowing who to trust or where to turn. The ending is anticlimactic (though it may have been mind-blowing a century ago), but this story is focused on the journey and that it delivers well.Of course, if you just wanted to hear a good yarn, then you could read the novel, so the developers accentuate the tale with gorgeous visuals and terrific voice acting. Nick Underwood (portraying protagonist Richard Hannay) is the standout, seamlessly moving from accent to accent as Hannay adopts disguises to flee from his pursuers. The lighting effects, the haunting score, the use of shadows all blend together to create a perfect atmosphere of tension.Unfortunately, only the character dialogues are voiced, but the rest of the text regularly serves the mood, appearing quickly during sudden revelations or rotating slowly during moments of panic, for example. The developers did a wonderful job incorporating several forms of storytelling, including humorous silent film-esque animated segments to relate stories-within-the-story... which makes the gameplay missteps all the more frustrating.As I said earlier, The 39 Steps greatly succeeds as a visual presentation of a novel, but spectacularly fails as a game. The worst part is that the developers were clearly trying to play up those aspects. There are quicktime-like events requiring you to move your mouse in certain directions, allowing the player to share in the experience of... washing up... opening a box... opening a door... but not during any of the action-driven sequences, missing a prime opportunity to enhance the immersion.For every room with multiple hotspots, there are a dozen transition screens with only one button. It says ENTER or DOOR, but it might as well read ""click to continue"". Meanwhile, much of the side content is presented as white text on otherwise featureless black screens. Tie those details to objects or characters in the room and you have the framework of an adventure game. Instead, the ""player"" receives an unfiltered info dump, followed by the opportunity to click CLIMB (and only CLIMB) in order to progress the story. Obviously it's impossible for real choice to exist within a set story structure, but a little more of the illusion of choice would go a long way.In the end, I recommend The 39 Steps for what it is - a visually and aurally pleasing piece of high drama - and warn you about what it's not - a game. That said, with only 5-6 hours of content and the ""replayability"" of a novel, the $15 price point does seem a bit high."
,Not Recommended,234940,23431143,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,c0deous ✪,"I really wanted to like this game until I ended up actually playing it.  I mean, I could see how it might be fun to play on a laptop during a long flight or something.  But honestly I played this game for 10 minutes and was so bored out of my mind I had to quit.I'm not saying it can't be a good story, but for someone who likes to read (a fast reader at that) this is an incredibly slowly drawn out story with crappy navigational mechanics that involve swirling your mouse around clockwise and counterclockwise to either skip or go back a previous line in the dialog (of which there is no shortage).Also this game goes waaayyyy too far into detail with the setting and the background of the characters.  When a new character is brought in you literally have to hear their entire lifestory before continuing.  Personally I have no idea how the developers of the game were able to see development of this game through - and there were a lot of people in on this project something that is made abundantly clear in the title sequence.On a positive note, I really like the simplistic art style and theme.  It makes it stick out and deserves a good storyline. A+To really quantify it, what really ruined this game for me was the unnecessary overabundance of character and setting detail and also how slow it plays.My advice to the game devs?  Go write a book.  It'd be great :)I'm really sorry that I cannot recommend this game unless you have all the time in the world to invest in a story line that gives you ALL the details with slow gamplay.  Side note: My grandmother would enjoy this game.  No joke."
76561198112866114,Recommended,234940,12823064,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,kyzka,"This is NOT a game, but an experiment to digitally adapt a classical book. It is a new form of entertainment.http://thestorymechanics.com/digital-adaptations/I bought it out of curiosity when it was on sale. I haven't read the book myself in real life, but I know someone who has and she has practically told me every explicit detail of the book itself. This digital adaption remains true to the original work, while the movies are notorious for taking liberties in every kind of direction.Each backdrop is a hand painted background. This makes me wonder how long this actual production took to make? Also when you see the list of people's names in the credits at the end, your jaw will drop with the sheer army of people needed in creating it. This therefore makes me question, especially in this day and age, if this style of entertainment and the amount of money which is needed to create and publish it, will honestly be wasted when trying to sell it to the gaming community at large?The interaction which is needed to propel the story forward is negligible and while the story has it's moments of suspense here and there, there are still large blocks of moments where nothing much is really happening. The digital adaption will largely play out as an audio book decorated with backdrops, however there are also significant parts which require you, yourself to read or click to skip it entirely. The option to have it all acted out for you is simply not there, which since it most of the time plays out like a movie, I was disappointed that it did not do this all the time.Most gamers today are conditioned to want constant visual stimuli at high octane speeds, to be entertained every millisecond. This type of production does not do that. Having said that, I still enjoyed it myself as something different. Though they have given birth to a new form of entertainment, this concept while it is still in it's infancy stages it does have a lot of room to grow and mature and it will be interesting to see how this concept flourishes. Might be a worth a look if your into classical literature. Definitely a wait for a sale.On a sidenote apparently 1914 welsh/cornwall/English was as jibberish as Klingon. Have a google translator on standby..."
,Recommended,234940,9383606,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Pickler,pretty good game 10/10 for funny accents
76561197969408128,Recommended,234940,9422897,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,f.naumann,"It was a very special experience to play this game. The digital adaptation added much to the atmosphere of the story. Playing the game or rather clicking my way through the episodes was actually as thrilling as pure reading of the book would have been, but it was nice watching the brilliant illustrations and listening to the dialogs and to the background noises and fine music.For me personally it was definetly not the last game of this kind I will be playing. Thumbs up. Thank you.Sincerely,Frank"
76561198034163291,Recommended,234940,9574310,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Kuribo,"Gameplay - The 39 Steps is like an interactive combination of a book andmovie with very limited gaemeplay.  Essentially, there are parts where you have to click and drag the mouse up, down, right, or left and in a clockwise and counterclockwise manner.  In addition there is pointing and clicking similar to point and click adventure games but without any puzzles.  This undoubtedly sparks a debate as to is it a game or not?  In my opinion it is, because you do have some interactions and you can miss achievements if you don't try to experience all of the options in the game.  If this lack of gameplay does not sound good to you, I would recommend avoidng this game.Story - The focus of 39 Steps is the story which is set right before World War I in England and Scotland.  It is a spy thriller, but feels close to Sherlock Holmes in my opinion.  Much like in Dickens, there is a lot of happenstance or good fortune that you don't see in modern stories, but I think that is part of the charm of a story like this.  I love many things set in World War I and appreciate British literature so for me this was a very enjoyable combination.  The story starts a little slow, but once it picks up, it is really good and I had trouble not wanting to play through the whole story as fast as I could to find out what would happen.  There are some thick Scottish accents and a few British words that Americans don't know or use, but overall, if this story sounds at all appealing to you, then you will enjoy the story.Presentation (Graphics and Sound) - There are a few simple cut scenes, but most of 39 Steps is painted background images with text over top.  Fortunately, these are all very attractive and help you ""see"" the story.  There are also authentic looking maps and pictures from this era of history which was also appreciated.  The sound is really solid and the voice acting is well-done.  Hearing the protagonist pant after running or yawn after waking up makes the story come to life.  For an Indie game, I thought the presentation of the game was very good and it enhances the story.Overall - The 39 Steps may have limited appeal because of its lack of gameplay and historical setting, but I loved the four hours I played and thought it was totally worth buying on sale.  If you're looking for perfect games, the achievements are very easy to get and only require that you play through the game and look at/inspect every item or option as you go through the story.  It doesn't get any easier or quicker than this.  If you think this game sounds fun or interesting, then I highly recommend buying it because I really enjoyed it.8.0 (Out of 10"
76561197988082033,Recommended,234940,10031586,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,DJKaboom,"Interactive fiction is something I've longed for for many years.  With the dawn of gaming PCs and e-books, I fully expected an explosion of the sub-genre, but very few surfaced after the era of ""choose your own adventure"" paperbacks and the Zork text adventure games.  Japanese manga took sole ownership of the visual novels, which left linear interactive novels without a landlord or tenant.As an ardent Hitchcock fan, I was thrilled to see another modern adaptation of Buchan's ""The 39 Steps.""  Up to this point I'd never heard of its developer, The Story Mechanics, but Steam's frequent sales made for a relatively risk-free purchase.  I expected a loose narrative voiceover with a focus on visuals in the spirit of Myst and Dear Esther, but I got a fairly straightforward rendition of Buchan's work, with occasional interactivity which can mostly be ignored if the reader/player wishes to maintain the flow of the narrative.  In all, given the the modern interactive novel of this type is mostly newly broken ground, I highly recommend this simply to experience something a little different: a compelling narrative set to beautiful hand-painted visuals, with some very capable voice acting.  I hope this title finds a degree of success because I would love to see more follow in its footsteps."
,Recommended,234940,9443893,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,LowJack_VA1,"This 'game' is an interactive story-book and not a true game.  I can certainly understand, but I don't agree with, the people who are giving this 'game' negative reviews and saying it's boring.  It moves slowly because it's an interactive story-book and not a game.  I got into this story and felt it really adapted the source material with the greatess care.  I'm looking forward to other adapatations and will continue to support these producers."
,Recommended,234940,8546124,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,☭ａｎｉｍｅ☭,"This was a great adaptation and I really hope they do more digital novels. I'm used to playing visual novels, so perhaps this minimally interactive format is not for everyone... but the design and music are excellent and of course the story itself is great."
,Recommended,234940,8804087,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,jsdratm,"This little known gem is now one of my favorites.  It is an interactive visual novel of The 39 Steps with nice artwork, animation, and voice acting to bring the story to life.  I would love to see more stories adapted to this format!  The book is divided up into segments called events, where you advance through the storyline, examine certain objects, and perform actions to advance it.  The production quality is top notch."
76561198004635948,Not Recommended,234940,7849638,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Lirdon,"The story is a visualization of a novel that leaves the player (well the term is really not accurate since the player does little but to scrool through the text) between the litirary, the visual, and the audble worlds, not really doing a good job at any of these.The texts are not the best, not nearly enough to create immersion. Not only that they are short, this being because they needed small paragraphs for a more fluent reading, while listening to the effects, and watching the very basic animation. These paragraphs are just not good literarywize. I haven't read the original novel, so I cannot say wether it's anywhere near the original text, but I do not belive it to be so.The charachters are not really portrayed visually except in collectible cards outside the main campaighn, inside they are mere specters that appear only during dialogue sequences. Although the audio effects, the voice acting and the music are fine, they alone are not enough to bring the story to life.I did like the news papers that were used in the game, I'm not sure wether they are authentic, having a national library in the credits raises this possibility, but they convey the feeling of the era. I'd wish there were more details like that, things that brought that time more to life.The general idea is nice, and if done correctly can bring a book to life in a unique way. But as the game is now, it is not worty of buying."
76561198075190086,Recommended,234940,9665126,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,escape2?,"Very well done!  The voice acting was superb, the artwork set the proper mood, and the telling of the story kept me interested every step (pun intended) of the way.  I can only hope that The Story Mechanics are in the process of developing more of this type of entertainment."
,Recommended,234940,9381153,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Vladimir Linen,"It's a good game, if you're the readin' sort."
,Recommended,234940,9627697,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tidy Dave,"I bought this as the novel is one of my favorites. Don't expect it to be anything other than a narrated story - because that's all it is. However, given the low price I paid for this game, I was actually pleasantly suprised at the enjoyment I got out of it. The music really helps set the mood for each scene and the voice acting is mostly spot on (exactly the right about of cheesy stereotypical early 1900s British accents, but they didn't do their homework well enough for the German ones, I felt). The UI was odd at first, but after a while I realised it was much more involving than just left-clicking all the time.One word of warning to anyone who expects to be able to be allowed to work on breaking the code that is given to you: once you get the ciphertext, don't play on or the game will just give you the key without any obvious warning that it's going to do so. That was the one thing that I was sure that they would have worked on with this game, which was a tad disappointing.All in all, good for a few hours of entertainment and bit of a nostalgic kick for me.UPDATE 25-03-2014: I just saw this game priced at €9.99. It's not worth that at all. You'd be better getting the book at that price. Wait until it's at least under a fiver."
,Recommended,234940,8989231,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,TFeldt,"I purchased this game thinking it would be interactive fiction of the type I grew up with, only modernized. Obviously I hadn't researched it enough beforehand, but I was familiar with the piece it's based on which made it a quick sell.At first I was furious! This wasn't interactive fiction! Where's my command interpreter?10 minutes on and I was curious. Fine, it wasn't interactive fiction as I knew it. This was something else. Something worth investigating.20 minutes in and I was hooked. It felt like I was being ushered along by a storytelling mannequin in the most stunning of garbs. The depth and nuance of the written work was there, dressed differently but most certainly there."
,Recommended,234940,9261257,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,SickB,"If you like the experience of Dear Esther, Thirty Flights of Loving or Diner Date, than this is absolutly for you.If you´re looking for a ""game"" or an classic adventure (point and click) this is not for you."
,Recommended,234940,9460377,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,FIGHTINGDRAGONSWITHTAYLORSWIFT,"It's hardly a game, but it's a pretty good story. The sound sets it apart though from other visual novels. The sound of the rain, the sound of Hanney eating biscuits, and even the Scottish dialogue that I could only understand half of really pulls you in to play another chapter."
76561197969208726,Recommended,234940,9483482,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,HFM,"Just finished this after buying it some time ago. I've never read the book or seen any of the adaptations, so the story was brand mew to me.The story was fantastic. The atmosphere that was created by the music, sound, art, voice acting, and UI is top-notch. It was an immensely enjoyable experience. I'll be purchasing the next adaptation (when's that coming?).Thanks for taking a chance on buildiung this (Unity *IS* a great tool), and also thanks to the Scotland Innovation for funding it. We need more experiences like this to go along with the conventional games."
,Recommended,234940,9337766,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Caped Crusader,"I found this to be a wonderful experience, but it certainly won't be everyone's cup of tea. You interact with the plot, but only to drive it almost constantly forward and there is no branching of any kind. However, despite that rigid structure, the presentation of the world and characters is beautiful. The graphics are generally quite static, but commonly overlaid with subtle animation, lighting effects and focus shifts so that it never feels like you're really looking at just a still image. The voice acting, music and sound editing are also exceptional and I must confess that I liked that they didn't dumb down the period vocabulary or authentic accents. It is a slow affair, however. I really wouldn't be able to argue with someone who finds the story plodding. Still, as a fan of classic Hitchcock, games like The Last Express and Dear Esther, and the works of Agatha Christie, I quickly connected with this interactive novel and consider it a very worthy addition to my virtual library."
76561198001365001,Recommended,234940,8290469,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Grasshopper,One of my favourite classic spy novels rendered as an interactive experience. How could I go wrong? An elegant achievement.
,Recommended,234940,10092164,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,mattl45454,A great digital novel that is fun to read and listen along.
76561198122058108,Recommended,234940,10106458,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,bonicaj,"Bought this game on a whim on a Weeklong sale, and was not disappointed. This game does take the form of an interactive story, rather than a true action/adventure game; so those looking for that type of experience may want to steer clear. But for those of you who simply want to get immersed in an enthralling (indeed, classic) story complete with richly drawn environments, a fine score, and superb voice acting, this is absolutely the game for you. It's also a quick game, and can probably be completed in a few sittings if you find yourself with some spare time on your hands. Overally, a very good experience for the price."
76561198031507607,Not Recommended,234940,12070914,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,JinxterX,It's very boring and amateurish. Better off reading the original book.
,Recommended,234940,3625447,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,DoctorQuinn,Such a remarkable adaptation of John Buchan's breathtaking thriller. Reading has never been so deep and exciting.
76561198311068839,Not Recommended,234940,25072842,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,stormwolf,I wouldn't describe this as a game for the simple fact you don't really have any input. YOu don't have to think about anything. It is not interactive the story is set and all you have to do is click to move to the next scene. Although there were points where I found the story itself interesting I found the whole thing a little dull.
76561197970879514,Not Recommended,234940,9253081,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Klaim,"I like reading. I read everynight before bed. I immediatly found this game frustrating. Everything just went so slow. I was ready to read. Instead, I would read a tiny bit, then wait... read a tiny bit, then wait... I'd say just read the book."
,Recommended,234940,10941858,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Baltez,"39 Steps is not really a full fledged game but a very well told story. It's some kind of graphic novel and has one mayor flaw: There are no real people in this game because all characters are shown as a ghostly shadow, if at all. And although this is a questionable design decision the backgrounds are well drawn and the top notch spoken dialogues help the storytelling tremendously.But be warned, people who expect a game, it's more like a book(rather novelle)  in a new cover. I still enjoyed the story and dialogues and it kept me interested long enough to finish it."
,Recommended,234940,5593913,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Evenio,Relaxing game!
,Not Recommended,234940,24130601,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BabyCactus!,"Steam achievements dont work but the game does and so do the in game awards, trading cards still work though, not as interactive as i thought it would be but good storyline i suppose."
,Recommended,234940,12273440,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,YEROCnamrus,Sometimes it's nice to have a break from killing people and play something like this.  I enjoyed myself very much.
,Recommended,234940,13646971,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,This is more like a graphical-interactive book! I wholly recommend it! 9/10
,Recommended,234940,34910585,Posted: 12 September,all,buffjape,"This is a good audio-visual novel, which tells the story very well indeed.Starts off very slow, but you get used to the pace.Beautifully illustrated. Very enjoyable,"
76561198156688841,Not Recommended,234940,33566914,Posted: 15 July,all,adam,"I really tried to like this game, the graphic side is appealing, the atmosphere is ok, but the annoying interface and time wasting way the story is moving on made me give it up after 40 minutes :("
,Not Recommended,234940,24043669,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,archcorenth,"I generally like interactive fiction, but this is more like putting detours into your planned out route."
,Not Recommended,234940,9423507,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"Well what can I say about this game then? I will never get those 3 hours back. Bottom line is this is THE most boring ""game"" I have ever played in my life. I thought Dear Esther was a bad game and couldn't even consider that as a game. This, well this is just rediculous. The only reason I bought this was to get the 100% achievements as they are so easy (not that I don't mind a challenge) but in hindsight, if I had known how boring this would be I probably wouldn't have even bothered and put those 3 hours I spent on this into a game worth my while. It isn't even a game! It's more like a point and click interactive book!! So bad. And what made me laugh was how many people were actually involved in creating this game from having to wait for the credits to finish at the end to get the last achievement. Dust An Elysium Tale had 1 person only make the whole game and it's about a million times better than this crap! Please don't waste your time!"
76561198108989136,Not Recommended,234940,9297237,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,periapsis,The controls are absolutely atrocious and render this game unplayable. Do not spend your money on this under any circumstances.
,Not Recommended,234940,10012080,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CryoG,"I knew a digital story would not involve much action, but here, the pace is really too slow for me and there are so little actions that it does not feel like a game a all. Books and films are definitely better suited for heavy narrative, but some games manage to use the interactivity and still be heavily story orientated. This one unfortunately does not manage to do that, so there is not much reason to play that instead of reading the book or watching the film."
,Recommended,234940,25841458,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,An awesome way to tell a story - interactive and intrestingly made.
,Recommended,234940,18276940,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Phillip IV,Kinda slow paced but since It was super cheap It is worth it
76561198086331174,Recommended,234940,15620721,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Braden,A nice simple story-based game that requires little to no effort to complete.I would definitely recommend to buy when it is on sale for £1.
,Not Recommended,234940,9284185,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Echnaton,"Definitely not recommended! The playstyle is very boring, the story is a kind of bad, but the pictures are nice. This game is like a terrible book in which you are not allowed to skip a few pages. Don't buy it!"
,Not Recommended,234940,11026395,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,VampireRockstar,"This to me, does not even count as a game. It's so boring, dry, and dull. As you can see I didn't even play for an hour. I got so bored. It's a narative story where there controls for progressing the story are disasterous.Don't stress yourself out. Don't get this ""game""."
76561198088213112,Not Recommended,234940,11104301,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,wcc,"I didn't like it not because it's no real ""game"", but because the story is somewhat dull and told at a snail's pace. (Uh, and the german spoken parts are awkward, but that's only a problem for the german audience.)"
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,234940,18735278,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,eh....its a visual novel. the history is interesting and the telling is ok. but I still like books more.
,Recommended,234940,30075188,Posted: 21 February,all,_FluiDiTy_,Very nice game :)
,Recommended,234940,29825024,Posted: 10 February,all,as109,"The graphics are great...The music is awksome...The animation is great too,BUT,The story(plot) is a total disaster.This game is 100 % based the classical novel,though the novel is a classic. IT""S PLOT ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥and totally not realistic....compared to other stories today we have...If I read that book, I will say that's the worse novel I've ever read...90-(20♥♥♥♥♥♥plot) = 70/100"
,Not Recommended,234940,19973234,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,(Sosa)Wayne,I don t say this game was bad but it wasn't for my taste.It was just pictures in the most part like it was created in Microsoft Power Point.I finished the game but it was a boring experience.
,Not Recommended,234940,9321300,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ThatRandomGamer*Cuphead*,Meh.
,Recommended,234940,12100346,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lynedoch,really good. enjoyable and interesting.
,Recommended,234940,19181310,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DemonFurby,A greatly implemented visual novel :) i enjoyed every chapter. I felt i was reading the novel itself.
76561198193334866,Recommended,234940,19404112,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fire penguin disco panda,"Beutifully crafted graphic-novel,  creats an very authentic atmoshpere which makes you travel in a time machine and places you in that collonial  era where automobiles and planes were still in there infancy  and is also very accurate to the original book. I wish they also made another graphic novel of Greenmantle, Mr.Standfast and other titles having Richard hannay as the protagonist."
,Recommended,234940,19792575,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Neoazu,A good read.
76561198194459855,Recommended,234940,19677882,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PhibesX,"This is an interactive adaptation of John Buchan's book. I can see this game as a nice way of introducing literature to teenage readers or anyone who isn't into books, really. As a teacher, I know I could use this game with students of many ages.PROS:The story is great, full of interesting characters.Both the music and the voice acting are very good.CONS:The gameplay is too simple, making you wish there was more for you to do.Achievements don't work on Mac (hopefully this will be fixed).A bit expensive for such a short experience. If you can get it on sale or a bundle, do it.That being said, I'd still recomend this game."
76561198067666432,Not Recommended,234940,20208749,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,sengruber,I found it slow and clunky with lots of unneccessary waiting doing nothing as forced animations played.  I wanted to get into this but could not.  I'll just reread the book instead.
,Recommended,234940,22302743,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Norman,"I read on the discussion boards that this game is classified as an ""interactive book"". I'd agree with that.I was very impressed with this game. I played at night, in a dark room for a full submersive effect. For 5 hours I was lost in the world of Richard Hannay, a witty and resilient Brit who must evade capture across the UK as he attempts to prove his innocence and foil an international assassination plot directly preceding WWI. Fans of early 20th century European History and Black Hand enthusiasts would definitely want to take a look at this.If you are looking for a way to escape this hellish joke that we call a ""life"", The 39 Steps is what you're looking for.I hope to see this genre boom, especially as VR tech becomes more commonplace."
,Recommended,234940,21899837,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Station Earth,"Not unless you're into historical events and visual novels, this is one of the more ""interactive"" visual novels you can read or  listen to as for the ""game"" itself provides rather impressive audio and visuals.Although I myself haven't seen the movie adaptation nor read the book, this was definitely a one-of-a-kind experience. Even with the majority of the game consisting of still images it still felt somewhat of a movie to me as each change in events involved a cinematic transition. But again, it's still technically just an E-book. Don't get too excited kiddies, although I stated that this game's interactivity is higher than other novels, it still has as much interactivity as a vending machine. :P"
76561198109423907,Recommended,234940,21998675,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,nikisss69,"Very nice. vould not pay over $8, as I can play it only once"
76561198053114878,Recommended,234940,22931581,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,greyatnight,"This is a beauiful production -- but it's difficult to classify it as a game.  Basically, it walks you through a dramatization of John Buchan's book, ""The 39 Steps"".  As stated on the store page, this is a precursor of a great amount of more recent spy fiction, and I'd both read the book and seen a movie production (Hitchcock, as I recall) before buying this one.  This notwithstanding, I finished it because seeing how the developers fleshed it out was addictive in itself.  The game aspect (such as it is) comes from ensuring that you pick up  all the ""point and clicks"" -- although the disclaimer says correctly that it not point and click oriented.  A few comments more:  first, there is very little video per se, and the sequences, while well done, are flat and cartoonish.  Second, you will never see the characters except as semi-transparent, ""ghost"" images, and in well-done protraits that appear on a few screens.  Third, there are are a number of ""follow the pattern on the screen"" instances that on my system called for me to hold down the mouse button and crudely mimic the pattern, which really add nothing to the experience.  In summary, I DO recommend the production, but describing it as a game will, in my view, raise expectations that won't be fulfilled in many gamers.By the way,  Buchan wrote a sequel named ""Greenmantle"" featuring the hero of the reviewed work, and I encourage the developers to look at it for their next effort if they aren't already doing it (which I'm almost certain they are.)"
,Recommended,234940,22766105,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Suspicious Lynx,"It took a bit to get used to the style of presentation, however after that I definitely found it entertaining. Not much more to say. If the sound of an audio book combined with a visual novel sounds appealing to you, give this a shot. If that's not your type of thing, you're probably not going to like it."
76561198079566320,Recommended,234940,20944571,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ajmiller157,"Great story, environment, voice acting, artwork - if you're not familiar with the story, even better. I got it on sale, and actually I think $15 is a bit high for only 5 hours or so, but maybe it'll be on sale again.Be prepared that it's essentially non-interactive. But if you're looking for a good mystery/thriller with a lot of atmosphere, this is definitely worthwhile."
,Recommended,234940,21002145,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CalebAlpha,"Amazing story. Loved the film and loved this even more, top marks."
,Not Recommended,234940,19922680,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pain Elemental,"I finally finished this game and overall I didn't really like it much.Pros:1. Great voice acting2. Nice painted backgrounds3. Nice soundsCons:1. Incredibly boring story2. Story relies on way too many coincidences, hardly believable.3. Storytelling is extremely slow. I kept nodding off every time I tried to play it.This is one of those games which I just wanted to finish as soon as possible so I could remove it from my computer and never see it again."
76561198060348431,Recommended,234940,19988253,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Akldr,Good game and nice artwork. recommended.
76561198008414212,Recommended,234940,20283504,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Safe-Keeper,"A well-told story, and narrated in contemporary English, which is a very nice touch."
76561198017057826,Recommended,234940,20675238,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Schloe,"I couldn't tell you if it's better to read the book or play this game first. The plot's a little... meh, but the pacing is wonderful.5/10 would only recommend to someone who doesn't play games."
,Recommended,234940,21363275,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"Not having the time to play a true game, I decided to try this, which, being a digital novel, I thought I could pick up and put down at will.Well, I was half right... I picked it up alright, yesterday, and stayed up until about 4am until I fell asleep, then picked it up again at 8am this morning to get the story finished.It's not that I haven't read the 39 steps.  It was required reading at school, and having seen many BBC adaptations, and the hitchcock movie, I am quite familiar with the story.  I remember being at school, reading the passages about when Hannay is cowering in the hayloft (in my memory, may have been the mill), desperately waiting for the pursuers to move on, my heart pounding along with his....It's only many many years later that all the coincidences pile up and make me think ""Hmmm"".  The game doesn't help the coincidences, instead accentuating a few of them, which might make someone who hasn't read the book think ""Uhhh.. that's highly unlikely"".  Either way, if you can suspend disbelief, The 39 Steps is still a fantastic story, and I'm sure the base for many other stories.So, I was very pleasantly surprised to find a game which managed to condense the book into a game, but seems to have somehow managed to maintain all of the feel and pacing of the book.   Wonderfully, all of the adaptations vary from the base text, so every version you read or watch will be different in some way, so there's always a little freshness there.  The version I watched on TV the other day had him being chased by spies just after his speech for the MP... which differs from the story somewhat...So, even if you know the story inside out, the game is a good, faithful adaptation. But, is it any good as an experience?Well, the artwork is beautiful.  Created using something like Black Ink, I guess, the settings are all wonderfully rendered, smattered with little bits of black and white photography, period references, and quaint technology.   The game designers opted to omit any live action, and instead went for a 'shadow puppet' approach, where the main actors would occasionally appear in silhouette to describe action.  It works okay, and actually you start to really appreciate the simplicity.The little 'puzzles', which amount to clicking in the right place, or swooshing the mouse,  give you a little something to do rather than just clicking the mouse to 'turn pages', which is really nice...The voice acting is excellent.  The accents are all just a wee bit off for the period.  They're ""modern posh"" rather than ""georgian posh"", but you'd have to be a real BBC drama officionado to notice.The merging of graphics, the music, the artwork, the voice talent, and the story are all excellently done too.   At points, when there 'context' information to present, it's given as a nonlinear 'wheel' of words, and you can delve into whatever you like.   You know that you don't REALLY need to read any of it.  In the book it would have been incidental padding, so it is faithfully recreated as such in the game.I really enjoyed this, and I recommend it to anyone who likes a spy novel."
,Recommended,234940,23544978,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,KimchiSoup,"A pleasant jaunt through the Scottish countryside, with some intrigue and ""based on a classic spy story"" rep to boot.  Short on gameplay, but really good voice work.For extra difficulty, set language to ""Gaelic."""
76561198005622228,Recommended,234940,13076143,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Brucie,"This game is okay, i think. It's a pretty well made classic digital novel adaptation. I liked atmosphere and art design. Plus it's easy 100% achievements. If u like point & click games and visual novels, then The 39 Steps is a game u must buy.Overall Rating: 7.0/10.0"
76561198092184035,Recommended,234940,16246720,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Big Dick Rory,"Heartfelt and captivating story. Confusing to operate the game at first, but after 20 minutes it becomes super easy. It's a story based novel game, so it isn't like a Call of Duty or Halo, but rather you get to sit back with passive clicking and take in a story. I greatly enjoyed and plan to play it again a time or two. I got it on sale 90%, but I'd say it's worth the $10. As far as achievements? Some of the easiest to get. To get a perfect game you'd only have to play for 4.5 hours, that's not rushing and actually taking my time to enjoy the game and going back to replay a few levels.First time playing a game like this. 9.5/10. You've set the bar high for other games, I'm afraid I'm only going to experience disappointment searching for more games like this."
,Recommended,234940,14102620,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Alexis,Very interesting storytelling. Love the voices and sound effects. Good plot with great suspense. Kept me interested till the very end.
,Recommended,234940,12156956,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Mad Scientist,"I recommend this product, with some caveats ...First and foremost, it is NOT a ""Game"".  This is a digital adaptation of a book.(Yes, this is in the description, but other recreation of books I've played had the player be able to contribute something to the course/application of the plot.)Think of it as an eBook, with great atmosphere and some narration.As such, the interface hoops you have to jump through ... were quite annoying.* Mouse movements add nothing.* Making Action/Plot choices, when there is only one option to choose.If you get this on sale, great.  (i.e. pay as much as you'd pay for a paperback, tops)"
76561198035738149,Recommended,234940,12980308,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Trenchcoat Brigand,"Steam has a LOT of games on it. It also has a lot of things you could call toys; they're not really for winning, they're for playing with and exploring.This is neither. For the most part, you will click through text sections and sit through dramatised dialogue sequences accompanied by rather good digital art setting the mood for each scene, with appropriate music playing in the background. Occasionally you'll wield the mouse in something that would be a Quick Time Event if there were penalties for failure and if you were against the clock.Quite simply, this is a dramatisation of the book which proceeds at your speed and intermittently does interesting things in how it breaks the text down. If you're interested in the book, this is arguably one of the better ways to read it. As a warning regarding the book's contents, like many of its era it contains substantial racism."
,Recommended,234940,11202392,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Theyrvalls,"39 steps is an story-driven adventure about murder and espionage, politics and crime. The story is taken from John Buchan's eponymous 1914 book, and so well-adapted into a game - it lets you experience the story by only giving you remarkable lines and phrases and showing you minimalistic, but well-designed background pictures, thus there is some free room for your imagination (which is a plus about books, but a con when talking about films).As critics might say, ""its a text adventure with background graphics"", I strongly recommend to view some videos and get some information about the game before buying it.For there is a thrilling espionage plot to discover which speeds up after an hour. Interesting characters to meet along the journey from whom one does not know which side they are on. A hunt that begins at London, moves on to Scotland, to go back to England and has its dramatical final at the high circles of politics in London.If you haven't read the book yet and fancy for innovative adventure games, you should (first inform yourself about it! and then) give it a try! Oh, and the OST is available for free!"
,Recommended,234940,11236749,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sendingsignal,"Really charming little visual novel. (Not in the standard japanese genre sense, but still a novel adaptation with interaction mainly to get into the plot rather than complete certain challenges. It's definitely not a point and click in either the puzzle or hidden object manner.)There are a few different ways it's presented. Atmospheric painted scenes with text, interactive hand motions (with black and white photographs that make these actions feel somewhat more tense), and really delightful woodcut aesthetic animation sequences when characters tell a story. Those might be my favorite bits.I've never read the original 1915 novel nor seen the hitchcock film or any other adaptation, but I feel by nature of the long stretch in the countryside and the atmospheric pace, this may present a bit more of the 'waiting' bit of on the run instead of just the action. I really enjoyed that.There are some things that are odd, like the mechanic for advancing text - you circle the mouse clockwise instead of clicking. It frustrated me a lot at first (and still didn't always work when I wanted it to, requiring a few tries even near the end) but I think it did result in more investment in each bit of text and actually advancing it. Just clicking might have had me rushing through.It's not entirely without agency, you can collect certain things and get certain awards by making sure you click on and read everything (which adds flavor that I think is a necessary part of it.) But for the most part, it's an experience to sit back and enjoy rather than rush through."
,Recommended,234940,11207557,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Wydamn,"If you like visual novels, early 1900's history, or spy stories, then you will like this. It's not something that everyone would like, but I really enjoy the presentation and interactivity. They probably should have charged more for this, it's a great interactive story."
,Recommended,234940,24436261,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Snivets,"This game is gorgeous! It's great for fans of walking simulators who really felt the whole walking part of that equation was soooo 2011. A great way to experience a classic novel - I wish this was done for other classics too, like any of the Brontes' works (random example, but reading them was much more insufferable than I imagine 'playing' through them would be). 8/10 prepare for some strong art, but not that much interactivity or choice in the narrative -- this is a ""know what you're going in for"" kind of game. It would be a 7/10 except for the great value."
76561198036671040,Recommended,234940,24272179,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,twofacetoo,"Beautiful artwork, and entertaining gameplay with stellar voice-acting retelling the classic John Buchan thriller story. Recommended if you want a new kind of story experience."
76561197988839076,Recommended,234940,23994350,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Octavius,"I thought I was buying an adventure game adaptation of the book, my fault for not reading the description well enough, but it only cost pence on sale so it didn't matter. The 39 Steps is visually lovely, has a great ambience and the voice acting is very good but I have to wonder, as others have, why you'd bother. The story is very heavily abridged and the plot takes the odd wierd leap due to lack of detail. As much as I enjoyed the actual journey, I'd rather read the book. Or watch the movie, which includes a cameo by John Laurie of Dad's Army fame. I'd love to see this company make an adventure game, from a book by all means, because there's heaps of potential here but I'm struggling to see the point of this. You don't do anything other than click to advance the story. Yes, there are some bizarre gestures required on occasion, but they're pointless.  The ""adventure"" tag should be removed from this listing, too. As for paying full price for it, there's absolutely no way. I look forward to seeing more from this company but only 5/10 for this one. High production quality but lacking substance, despite the great story from Buchan. Recommended for the experience only when deeply discounted."
76561197971437128,Recommended,234940,14024827,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Presstatin,This is good as a novel way of storytelling. As others have said its not a game. Took me the first 30 mins to settle into it.But then I was in the story. To me it feels like a pop up book. It delivers in atmosphere.So governor for a few squid you get to experience a nice bit of intrigue.The game is improved with a glass of whiskey and a cigar......
76561198009662092,Not Recommended,234940,13961660,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jimby,"I was so underwhelmed with the first 15 minutes of this game that I can't bring myself to go back and see if I just didn't get far enough.  I liked how there were lots of little tidbits to investigate, but failed to bond with the narrator or any of the details presented.  The visuals were well done, but static and uninteresting.  It struck me as a kind of Downton Abbey, technically well-executed presentation about extremely mundane personalities, places, and events.I did get the sense that it would be more interesting to just read the book instead."
,Recommended,234940,13970336,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Luram,"Amazing job!!! Do you remember of the books that gave you options to do within the story and change page according to your choices ? This is even better, the storytelling of this *Interactive Novel* is a trully amazing conversion from the original book, with an amazing enviroment and very crystal clear sound and ambient noises..If you like good stories, this one is a MUST CHECK"
,Recommended,234940,14469395,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,wwpatterson,nicely done.
76561198012275256,Recommended,234940,14536110,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Count Gumberton,"A visual novel, interesting enough story which starts off a bit slow. Get it on sale, play through it once then never again. Takes about three hours to beat."
,Recommended,234940,15122617,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jamdear,"Still just as chilling and gripping. Never a full face given to any character, which lets your imagination run amok.A fantastic adaptation of Buchan's novel, which I had eagerly devoured over Christmas, once again had me enraptured and on the edge of my seat, despite knowing how it pans out! Superb voice acting and beautiful visuals. Haunting at times, too! Worth your 99p! Even the full price! Only wish I had written this commendation sooner! It is, as previously stated a visual novel, so everything is preordained and very relaxing to ""play"", with none of that getting stuck on a puzzle for hours then never firing it up again. No choices to make, just sitting back and watching it unfurl. Well, I say relaxing, I was so tense and regularly had the heebie-jeebies. I bought this originally to see how it had ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ised the novel and have a laugh at it. Serves me right for being a snob!"
,Recommended,234940,14954669,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jabraltar,"I played this game quite some time ago and never got around to writing a review. This game isn't the quickest pace, nor filled with action; however it's a really really good story. It's like playing a good book. The strangest feeling I got from playing this game. The developers did a superb job bringing it all together and making the game come to life through ambient sounds as well as an amazing voices. The story just gets better and better as you play the game. Would recommend to anyone who wants a good story and loves to read books."
76561198143100964,Recommended,234940,14809122,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,thelawer96,"Lovely artwork, relaxing 'gameplay' with a good story.Not much of a game as but I am enjoying it.Probably would not pay full price but glad I picked it up in a sale."
,Not Recommended,234940,29263318,Posted: 14 January,all,EmoTheKid,"I have nothing against narrative-based games and it is cool that James Bond apparently was inspired by the 39 Steps, you can clearly see that. And the voice acting is amazing! The game had its moments.But the story isn´t thaaat good and all in all it often felt like a history book. Maybe I should  not have rushed through this game like I did [I still read every dialogue] and should have treated it like a book, only reading when I want to and stopping when I feel like it. But the intro, even though very atmospheric, gave me a history-book like feel, so I didn´t have a good start at all and from then on just wanted it to be over..."
,Recommended,234940,29411041,Posted: 21 January,all,The Dark One,"This is a game that tells a story about spies and conspiracies in England right before the first World War. It is based on a book and it shows since it has a great story and it has a great voice acting to match.It is more of a book than a game to be honest since it doesnt have puzzles or choices, it instead has optional stuff that you can inspect like newpapers that feel like they are from that time with ads that characteristic from that era. And the way the game shows you someone telling a story is made through a silent movie cutscene which just makes the whole thing feel like  something of that era."
76561198321411011,Recommended,234940,29177195,Posted: 10 January,all,LunaFortuna,"This game is based off of the 1915 novel by John Buchan. The novel is also named ""The 39 Steps"" and is an intriguing story about espionage, crime, adventure, and action. It is quite a rollercoaster of a story! As someone who has read the original novel, I was very pleased with this game. Also, this isn't really a game, per se. This is an immersive story that relies heavily on text and imagery to draw you into the plot. Thus, if you get bored reading books, then, this definitely won't be up your alley. You cannot change the outcome of the ending, you don't really have choices, and you aren't really playing anything. You are merely (for the most part) reading a lot of text and going along for the ride. However, the artwork in this game is STUNNING. Absolutely stunning. I have rarely ever seen such rich and vibrant artwork in games. Also, the voice acting in this game is superb. It's essentially a visual novel with voice acting, more or less. The voice acting, as I've mentioned, is very well done. The scenes also change often, and, each new scene offers more beautiful art to look at. It was overall an extremely satisfying experience. Book lovers will adore this game. Art lovers will, too. I was captivated with it from start to finish. However, if you are the type who doesn't like to read or gets bored easily with games where there's ""not much to do"", then, this may not be your cup of tea. It was most certainly my cup of tea, though, and I adored every second of this beautiful game! I only hope that the developers bring more works of classic literature to life. They did a splendid job here and the makers of this game should definitely make more of these literature-based games. 10/10 from me, without a doubt."
76561197995622909,Recommended,234940,29229106,Posted: 13 January,all,invincible tootsies,"An excellent game, thouroughly enoyed it. A very well told story of a very influential novel. There isn't too much interactivity in the game but if you like stories and have patience, you will enjoy it. If you like adventure games but get frustrated at puzzles, buy this game.Beautifully atmospheric, not played a game with such a feeling for a long, long time. This game will have you looking up the prices of cottages in rural Scotland, it's that beautiful.It is short though, around 4 hours or so but it's time well spent as you would probably just be playing with yourself otherwise.One sad fact remains though, the developer seems to have gone under - a travesty as I was looking forward to their next project."
76561198028535339,Recommended,234940,30206473,Posted: 26 February,all,Rudolf [NOR],I love how this game is made its essentially a partialy interactive book. At some points in the story you become the protagonist. Meaning you can interact whit stuff like examining a location and picking up items like letters and reading them.
76561198030905002,Recommended,234940,32100490,Posted: 31 May,all,tranvandon,"This is not a game - just aninteractive book. All of the acrions are set - no decisions are needed; nor are there any puzzles to solve.For a senior citizen, the mechanics are good:Fonts are clear and readableThere is enough slackness in the controls for impaired handsThere is no need to rush things as there are no timers involvedThe gore and violence is somewhat muted. This would, perhaps, deter some younger players."
76561198241002334,Recommended,234940,32320339,Posted: 10 June,all,4figtree,"Nicely done hand drawn pictures, particularly of the Scottish countryside. But what surprised me was the quantity and quality of the sound effects with each picture, good voice acting and music. A trailer would have been nice to show this off.I played 10 hours the first time through, not rushing, reading everything including many of the newspaper articles. Also you can play it in short intervals and always get good entertainment. The story was good, based on a book, a classic man on the run with some complexity. Like others, I am sorry the developer no longer exists, I would've like to see more. It was well done."
76561198102761464,Recommended,234940,34158764,Posted: 10 August,all,JediKnightSky,"This is a lovely little gem of a visual novel that takes a classic spy novel and transports it to a modern platform that hopefully helps keep it on the radar of the latest generations.This is a breath of fresh air in the visual novel genre that is abit too saturated by anime offerings. Dont get me wrong plenty of good ones but few really rise to more then copy and pasted back grounds and  paper doll characters that all look mostly alike right down to poses.This one does some different things. You dont really ever see your character. They mix it up with narration, dialogue and reading bits yourself. As well as a few fun little cut scenes that all add to the atmosphere imo.Some of the backgrounds and sound effects are so enjoyable Ive been on more then one occassion happy to leave the game on one while doing other things just to enjoy the art and soothing sounds.I really cant see any cons unless you just dont like classic turn of the century writing in general or spy plots where the main character isnt some super unbeatable spy type.Wait for a nice steam sale if your on the fence and get it on the cheap, Well worth it for a few bucks. Maybe not at full price but I never buy VN at more then a few bucks a pop."
