user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,235210,9190121,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Shiki,"I don't often write reviews but this game is jaw dropping amazing and as a gamer I had to do my part to encourage other gamers to purchase this masterpiece.  The game is fluid and fast.  The game plays like the Marvel vs Capcom series but with less emphasis on combos and a barrage of enemies to mutilate.  It is the type of game that makes you wonder why it took so long to come out.  It plays like Ninja Gaiden but with every game element taken to it's limit.You can climb ANYWHERE, secrets are EVERYWHERE, and robotic thugs aim to punish you.  Enemies come in both the cloned and overly personalized varieties.  The bright flash of colors and the effects are as intense as a psychodelic experience at times.  It feel's like a playable anime and it never givse you a moment to rest those button mashing fingers.  Intense and hardcore as they get.Buy this now, you will not regret it,and thank you capcom for this wonderful experience!"
,Recommended,235210,12724430,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jive Soul Bone,"Upon its release,Striderpromised gameplay faithful to the original series and attacks as responsive as your button presses. Poor marketing if you ask me. They leave out the magic of the Charge Strike Meter, which fills up every time you hit an enemy without getting hit yourself. Charge Mode is best described as ""Fry with 100 cups of coffee"" mode and for my money, blows away its Sleeping Dogs equivalent in the dust. It transforms the gameplayentirely, turning your Strider from a vulnerable hoppy-avoidy ninja who has to manage his button presses into the ultimate human chainsaw able to finish off monstrous killer robots before they can fire off their next shot. You lose all of that power the moment you get hit, so there's actual tension in those hellish games of chicken.It might seem wrong to enjoy a Strider game on the strength of playing a death-crazed berzerker rather than a nimble evasive ninja, but it's fun in its own right and that's what counts; right? Dare I call it an intelligent button-masher? Because you work to enter Charge Mode, you work to stay in Charge Mode and you work to take advantage of the 5 seconds of Charge Mode, I say yes. That's right:Strideris worth your money for the 5 seconds of Charge Mode it provides. The exploration aspect? You live in a bleak cacotopia where every enemy is a one dimensional evil baddy. Finding stuff is a chore, not a reward. The attacks most associated with Strider, to wit the Slide and the Down Strike, feel tacked on by the necessity of this being a Strider franchise. In practice, these attacks are mostly used for area unlocking rather than combat. I might've bought this game on the strength of its franchise but now I've discovered a much greater, far more exciting game that would exist outside of it...Other weapon mechanics are a mixed bag.Your Kunai and Options are powered by an energy bar which refills over time, encouraging you to use your specials at any time without taking undue importance from your Cypher attacks. Your Cypher Upgrades on the other hand seem oddly mismanaged. Your first upgrade is the Reflect Cypher and it's the coolest by far, turning you into some sort of Jedi and allowing you to reflect bolts with your swordif you time it just right,opening up synergy with the Charge Mode mechanic for its slowdown effect. Too bad enemies stop using reflectable bolts midway through the game. The second upgrade is the Burst Cypher and completely trivializes all other upgrades by simply making your enemy explode. It is, in fact, the best upgrade. Third upgrade is the Ultra-Cold Cypher, for turning enemies into ice platforms and better explore the game whle the fourth upgrade fires ranged boomerangs from your sword, somewhat defeating the whole ""you have a sword, your enemies have guns"" motif inherent to ninja-related games. It's the last upgrade though, and as such feels enough like an end-game mechanic that you forgive it for being dead simple.Although not as exciting as the combat, the platforming can be enjoyable on its own thanks to the Plasma Catapult, your 8-way short-ranged teleport dash device. The challenge comes from planning your trajectory, working the flexible nature of your jumps along with the linear nature of the Plasma Catapult to form elaborate mid-air travel paths. The Plasma Catapult also gains from the Cypher Upgrades to form some cool but essentially useless gimmicks. For example, the Magnetic Plasma Catapult turns the targets you pass through into living magnets for enemy fire! Too bad it's tied to the ranged Magnetic Upgrade, making it more convenient to just shoot them from a distance. In fact, every combat gimmick tied to the Plasma Catapult is nullified by the fact that the Plasma Catapultphases through your enemies, bypassing the very notion of combat!On the topic of Challenge Mode, one important notice for the developers: you need a way to show the player his top score and rank in a stage BEFORE they clicks the mission, so the player knows which stage they aced and which stage still needs work. Otherwise, since Story Mode is rather short and offers rather little replay options, alternative modes of play become greatly appreciated. Thankfully, Challenge Mode missions are built around the best aspects of the game: races across the city, and combat!I gripe, but I had fun. The developers,Double Helix Games, have thrown a great deal of ideas at the wall and many of them stuck. You want a sequel and you want an editor, someone who will focus the game on the more thoughtful mechanics and axe all the overpowered♥♥♥♥♥♥ No seriously, the first Option you unlock, the bird, turns each and every boss fight into easy mode. EVEN THE END BOSS FINAL FORM!REVIEW EDITED FOR LENGTH."
76561198028289763,Recommended,235210,9184355,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Stepwolve,"Damn good action platformer. Its very fast paced and exciting.Metroidvania-style progression through a city overworld.It might tax your computer a bit due to how constantly fast-paced the gameplay is. But if you can run it at full graphics, Strider is a beautiful 2D platformer as well.Its the best matroidvania game ive come across in quite some time, so if you like that kind of experience, you can't really go wrong with this (unless you really hate fast paced action).Worth it at full price, a must-have on sale."
,Recommended,235210,13632152,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Haze,"Okay I saw this game and expected some high-quality remake like Bionic Commando Rearmed and Duck Tales Remastered. You know, they're great classic games, uplifted with polished graphics and sound, but honestly the whole point is to get that dose of retro nostalgia. If you didn't care, you might as well download the rom image and play the old version on an emulator for free, right? For a long time that's what I assumed Strider would be like.OH WOW WAS I WRONG.It's so much better than that. This game isn't about nostalgia at all, it was made out of a genuine love of old platformer games and strives to bring something fresh and exciting into that genre. It's like what kids back then thought future videogames would be like, a supercharged progression of what they already have, and now it's come true.Also, I'm convinced it's THE best ""metroidvania"" since Super Metroid. I never thought I'd say that."
,Recommended,235210,16273306,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Timeless Guardian,"Hits all the right notes, while on normal it may be not all that difficult it still provides the right level of fun. The combat flows nicely and the Metroidvania elements add extra appeal to this hack and slash. If you've enjoy Dust: An Elysian Tale or Mark of the Ninja you'll likely enjoy this game as well. With a good sundtrack and great art direction keep the game never out stays its welcome clocking in around 5-7 hrs. If you gather all the items and complete all the challenge modes you're looking upwards to 20hrs though. It's worth the price but if you're still not convinced pick it up on a sale. I doubt this will be a purchase you'll regret."
76561198052107781,Recommended,235210,13076100,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Six Demon Bag,"Love it!Loved the old NES and Genesis versions but this just kicks the hell out of them. A lot of passion went into creating this and it shows big time. The music, sound design, game play, art and graphics, character animation, level design is all fantastic. The story is weak but that is perfect--I think too heavy of a story would have held back the fast-paced rush of this game.This is back to the old style of 2D gaming I grew up with but with a 2.5D punch. You feel like a damn hero playing this game. I miss that!! They also kept the ""Soviet"" influence we remember from the pre-90s and amped it up to be more present throughout the game for a more futuristic dystopia. Actually...maybe...unfortunately not so futuristic. Listen to the propaganda in this game and it sounds familiar.UPDATE: Forgot to mention I used a Logitech Precision gamepad. Like Bionic Commando Rearmed, I had issues with it being recognized. There is not a gamepad setup in-game, so I had to use the Logitech Profiler to assign the keystrokes and it worked fine."
,Recommended,235210,9201836,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Crispian Black,"It's as good as it has always been. Finally STRIDER gets an update of epic proportions. If you loved the original or a meaty platformer, then this your wish you never knew was coming true. BUY IT ALL OF YOU. 10/10."
76561197985072747,Recommended,235210,12027245,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Japanese Sci-Fi Action/PlatformI played the original back on the Atari ST and I don't remember getting much past the first boss, but I still enjoyed it. This is a change of pace with difficulty settings and power ups to help even the odds. The graphics look ace and Strider is a cool character to play. The bosses can be a challenge even on the easier modes.  It can get a bit repetitive though so I would recommend playing it in small doses."
,Recommended,235210,32260436,Posted: 7 June,all,I love the lag,"The ninja-quick review: A rollercoaster in both thrills and its odd pacing, Strider is a very fast paced Metroidvania that remembers mechanically a lot of what makes the original good while adding some new features and not getting -too- carried away with  it.For a review more the length of the titular character's ridiculous scarf, I'll start with the negatives.  First off, the game is awkwardly paced and short.  I beat it in four hours and change, and four hours is the speedrun time- I certainly spent a fair amount of time dicking around as well.  There's a couple sections where you need to open specific doors or activate objects and the game takes you on a tangential objective.  One such situation actually has you go on no fewer than four tangential objectives at the same time, a cascading necessary sidequest involving multiple boss fights.  If anything feels like being given the runaround, it's this part of the game, but there's also some other points that feel like backtracking.  The difficulty is also a bit all over the place; if two enemies surround strider the game you can do almost nothing, but otherwise you're all but invulnerable.  Some of the special abilities are easy to forget about and a bit awkward, and the elemental switching is almost always a very black-and-white choice (since only one weapon type breaks the majority of shields and does like double damage).There's also some things that are more middling.  Metroidvania format has its ups and downs.  There's a lot of secrets to collect, but almost none of them are even that helpful, and although it's kind of cool that the special kunai and dash elemental abilities are hidden, keeping them hidden means they can't be all that fantastic and sure enough they're pretty middling.  Another hit-and-miss thing is the art design.  It's as flashy as it should be, but the models sometimes make it difficult to determine what's a plaform or what's going on at all at times.  Finally, the music didn't really do anything for me, and the story/dialogue is straight out of console generation 4.The good bits of Strider are the speed, breadth of movement and attack directions, the controls are awesome besides the fairly uneeded specials, there's exactly the right number of enemy types and bosses for the game's length and they're matched well to your abilities, bigass levels that are enjoyable to explore and some ridiculous setpieces to blow up.  If you want to play a fast platformer where you cut half the level and slide through robots by the dozen to get to crazy bossfights- I mean, it does it.  It does it really well.  I didn't find a single bug or stutter, nothing.  Fifteen bux is an okay price even with the length but it's gonna go on sale, and if this interests you at all you should get it then."
,Recommended,235210,23410169,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Harley,"Strider is the sort of man who flies a hang glider into a warzone. He doesn’t get bogged down in the details, preferring instead to slice first and ask questions later. His latest hack-and-slash action game is the same way. Without preamble or pretext, you’re dropped straight into the action, cleaving through one hapless guard after another. Strider’s capacity for carnage is boundless, and the acrobatic precision with which he dispatches his foes makes him a delight to control. Right away, you have everything at your disposal to feel like a one man army, and as your arsenal grows, so too will your enjoyment of this well-crafted game.Simply being Strider feels great. The way he moves from running to sliding to climbing a wall to bisecting a robot is so seamless that you feel like a tempest on the battlefield. From the arc of his jump to the range of his slide, all of Strider’s movements are perfectly measured to give you complete command of the action. In the beginning you can do little more than jump and slash, but by exploring the world and defeating powerful bosses, Strider unlocks new techniques for his arsenal. Reflecting bullets, throwing knives, and summoning a eagle made of pure energy are just some of the powers you earn, and those powers expand your fighting repertoire in new and interesting ways. Instead of mindlessly cutting down the competition, you could send your eagle to intercept airborne foes while you take out those on the ground. Alternatively, you could employ a long-range strategy using the throwing knives and reflection cypher to dispatch foes from afar.Whichever you choose, juggling these powers together is a real delight, and cartwheeling through the air while dispensing death at 360 degrees is extremely empowering. There are plenty of locked doors to be found early in your quest with no means of entry--this is the game’s way of teasing you with the promise of new powers--and they grant you no choice but to pass them by. As you unlock new powers, referred to as cyphers, you are able to return to these spots and open the doors associated with your new cypher. This can help you advance along the main storyline or reward you with hidden unlockables such as concept art and new costumes.As you acquire new cyphers, Strider's scarf color will change to indicate which cypher you currently have active.While Strider’s world is filled with surprises, the backdrop itself is disappointingly drab. The game looks slick and clean, with a subtle scanline effect that harkens back to the ninja’s arcade roots. However, the moment you touch down you’re greeted with a futuristic, industrial aesthetic that rarely relents as you progress. Gloomy pipes and heavy machinery follow you wherever you go, splashed with all the browns, greys, and whites you can handle. Admittedly, this style has the benefit of making Strider--in all his crimson-scarfed glory--pop against the background, but even so, more variety in the different arenas would have been welcome.Certain enemies also sport a splash of color to indicate a weakness to a particular cypher. Against such a foe, Strider must switch to the appropriate cypher and use it to disable the enemy’s defenses--most often a color-coded shield--before dispatching him. These enemies help keep fights feeling dynamic as they force you to mix up your tactics and utilize Strider to his fullest. One cypher, the cold cypher, does rise above the rest with its incredibly powerful ability to quickly freeze enemies. Frozen enemies can take no action, and are locked in place for several seconds. Other cyphers add to the enjoyable chaos of Strider's combat, but the cold cypher does the opposite. It simplifies encounters and feels more like a crutch than a compliment to your other abilities.Unlike most rank-and-file grunts, Strider's bosses maneuver around the arena making them very different--and enjoyable--encounters.Once you finish Strider’s main adventure, you can try your hand at the game’s challenge modes. These challenges come in two varieties: survival and beacon run. Survival challenges are all about testing your combat prowess. You’re granted a pre-selected loadout of cyphers and turned loose against wave after wave of enemies. Beacon runs, on the other hand, are all about speed and agility. Your goal is to pass through each of the beacons on your way to the goal, all the while navigating a trap-and-enemy-infested environment. This mode is especially welcome since Strider is so fun to control and the main game rarely tests your platforming capabilities. When a challenge is completed, you are graded on your performance and can compare your stats against others on challenge-specific leaderboards.From the moment you embark on your journey right up until the final deathblow, Strider is a blast to play. Controlling this agile ninja feels empowering right out of the gate, and each new upgrade brings with it an enjoyable new way to engage your foes. While his world is a little drab there’s still plenty to explore even after the job is done. Strider is fun, pure and simple, and serves as a fitting revival of a classic video game hero.Strider / PlayStation 4 & Xbox One / PCThe GoodStrider himself is wonderfully fun to controlSteady stream of new powers and enemies keeps combat freshBeacon run challenges let you flex your platforming musclesThe BadStrider’s world is rather dull and repetitiveThe cold cypher is too powerful8Great"
,Recommended,235210,9207477,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Heavy Viper,"Yes, it's a new Strider. Yes, Hiryu basically controls just as he always has; he'll swing his sword Cypher as fast as you can press the button. Yes, it's an adventure/""Metroidvania""-style game; no, amazingly, it DOESN'T ruin the pace.It's fast, hectic, controls smoothly, and the action rarely gives you time to breathe. You start at one point of a level and sprint across it to another, dimembering anything cybernetic that might get in your way. The levels look great, too. The game has a cool atmosphere, faux Russian accents aside.Yes, it's worth a look. No, I have absolutely NO idea how DOUBLE HELIX GAMES managed this."
,Recommended,235210,13254740,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,1up [MushroomMcKenna],"Simply put, someone remembered what made a game fun. More should follow this trend."
,Not Recommended,235210,18213946,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,zephyrdragoon,"The general hack-and-slash gameplay is good, its fluid for the most part and doesn't stop unless you mess up.Bosses on the other hand blow, 4 of them are almost the same fight. 2 more are nearly identical. Every time you die to a boss you get to watch the same cutscene(s) again before getting another shot, including the one where you're told its name and title. You can skip some of the cutscenes with ESC but not the introduction ones. Writing is bland.Footsoldiers are palette swaps of eachother and sometimes carry shields or guns that inflict different status effects. With the exception of shield enemies none of them pose any challenge. Shield enemies require a charged attack which also doesn't pose any problems as long as you don't face a guantlet of them.Heavy enemies are also palette swaps of eachother and more powerful versions just mean they get an additional attack. They're damage sponges too, not much skill required just lots of jumping.Players have a meter which fills by damaging enemies and avoiding getting hit. Next to impossible to fill during normal gameplay until you get the deflection power up, bullet hell guantlets force you to use it if you want to fill the meter. Unfortunately enemies in later areas have increased health and the deflection power up doesn't do nearly as much damage as the flaming one. The flaming one of course doesn't deflect bullets so the Charge meter doesn't see much use.Really aggravating to get hit by electricity, you can often get stunlocked. Level design is decent but not overly complex. The ease with which you travel was clearly put ahead of complicated or intricate designs. Some hazards instantly kill you (sending you back to a checkpoint) and some do not, its unclear which is which until you find out the hard way.Sometimes fails to load an area if you move too fast (such as by using the dash rings) allowing you to get outside the level boundaries, freqently locking you out of the level proper when it occurs.Looks nice but looses frame rate during certain areas such as obstacle courses or areas with lots of electricity giving you a slow motion effect.tl;dr: Running and slashing is fun, bosses and cutscenes suck."
76561198001935234,Recommended,235210,9489596,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,THE OFFICIAL BITCH TORCH™,"this game being 15 bucks is a joke.and I mean that because it's worth every damn penny.  this is a game on super metroid levels of awesomness, great graphics, lots of areas to explore, lots of hidden items, and just so much fun to play.  this just looks, feels and plays like a snes classic just with overhauled graphics.  only complaint is that the normal difficulty is a bit easy and will have to replay again on a higher difficulty setting (recommend starting on hard).other then that this game is a gem and you will feel like you've committed a felony for only paying $15 for it."
,Recommended,235210,11500294,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,TheManko,"What I liked most about this game was the focus on old school game fundamentals. The game takes the formula from the old Strider games and only expands the map size a bit. There’s hardly any dialogue or cutscenes at all. It’s no-nonsense ninja sidescroller action. I can’t remember the last time I played something that felt this stripped down and focused. Even the logos when you start the game go past faster than other games. This is the game for everyone who’s ever complained about modern game trends, and that they “just want to play the game”. It does this without wallowing in nostalgia. This isn’t a retro sidescroller, this is better than them.I had a good feeling about Strider after I saw a clip of it, but even so I was pleasantly surprised by how good it is. It does basic things right, such as putting the coolest stuff at the end, and the second coolest stuff right before that, and so on. The controls are as responsive as the Itagaki Ninja Gaiden games, and details like the sound design augment how good it feels just to move around and do things. I only have minor quibbles with it like how mouths don’t animate in cutscenes, and that you can’t skip some of them when you retry bosses. On the whole it’s one of the best sidescrollers I’ve ever played. Sections of the game had me thinking of Turrican 2, which is always a good thing. I loved it."
76561197972918580,Recommended,235210,12113538,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Stalbon,"This is exactly what a reboot should be.  A good action-platformer franchise taken into the new generation with fantastic, fluid graphics, a constant rush, and all the Metroidvania aspects you'd like to see!  Really, even if you're only familiar with Strider from the 'Vs.' series, you'll see all the stuff you remember him throwing out in this, and it's all done so well!  This is very highly recommended."
76561197973647025,Recommended,235210,20681728,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Grimoire,"Strider is awesome, fans of the original and indeed any of the side scrolling classics such as castlevania or metroid will feel right at home playing this game, its is the kind of game one can get familiar with and speed run, at its highest dificulty i'd say only the mecha gorilla and the last boss pose a threat, but that doesnt mean to say the game is easy, i'd say its enjoyable enough for veterans of the genre  to blaze their way through and intuitive enough that allows beginners to settle in and enjoy this awesome hack/slash/shoot rpg platformer.All the characters and levels are beautifully sculpted and the game really excels in its overall visual appeal.Controls are smooth and on point.My only gripe is there is really no replayability unless you are trying to do speed runs, once you unlock evrything and finish the main story that is it, i guess that isnt a bad thing per say i just felt that perhaps there could be chalenge levels or even a level editor to it.i'll give Strider a solid 8/10certainly a game you should experience once in your life."
,Recommended,235210,13929938,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,madsen,"Pure, unadulterated jump n' slash fun. Solid platforming/level design and the bosses feel great to beat (although they may be a bit on the easy side). The story is pretty generic and the voice acting ranges from ""Mega Man 8"" to ""mediocre"", but I doubt anyone's considering this game for the amazing story and the gripping cutscenes."
76561198030534862,Recommended,235210,33166028,Posted: 2 July,all,YKinG,"Good Japanese platform game by Capcom. At beginning is really boring, but once you acquire new skills and techniques later part of this game, you are able to perform flashy and interesting combo."
,Recommended,235210,22165364,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Whoota,"Strider is the name, and the game is speed. Very fast, high paced, no compromise, 360 degree platforming action. An effective cross-breed between free-running and a metroidvania style map makes this a modern day halmark for the genre and the series.So the original strider was a platformer with some sick hack 'n' slash elements. It had cool moves and a whickedly long sword that was fast to boot. You'd make your way from one end of the level to the next while slashing everything to bits; including the Soviet parliament. Good times.The new version is not a remake; more like an emulation and update. With the finesse of today's hardware Strider has been made more agile, and faster. Everything about him is smooth and flexible. You can attacks in eight directions, while in motion, on any surface. Ok, not while hanging from a ceiling, but it is still more than you're getting from Simon Belmont. The flexibility of Strider's movement options is so amazing you'd wish you could play other games with them.Along with the fluid movement options you also acquire a number of powers. Like shield drones, energy panthers and power hawks, along with elemental powers and kunai. All these tools are needed to fend off the never ending tide of conscripted enemies and bosses. You can clear a room on the fly, but sometimes you need to stop and think and moderate your approach before being gunned down by a crossfire of machinegun bullets. It is awesome and fun to deal with obstacles in such a fast and agile way. It helps keep the pace up and the fun coming.You make your way through an open world, with indicators telling you where to go. Certain abilities unlock new areas, just like in the classic Metroid games (I'm calling them classic now; I have little faith in Nintendo at this time). This sends you round the world with the option to go back for more powerups or to plow on ahead, straight for the boss' head. Three ways the game offers you a level of freedom. In movement, in combat, and in exploration.The game takes a step back from it's Soviet roots and propells you into a Soviet controlled neo-industrialist nation that is being opressed by a powerhungry madman. Standard fare. Not much time is spent on story or expostion. Just so you can get back to that sweet high speed action all the faster."
76561198075138125,Recommended,235210,22990358,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Redeemed,Great re-make of the original.
,Recommended,235210,13559404,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheDauthi,"It's a Metroidvania.  You're a ninja.No, seriously, that's all I have to say to try to sell you.  The combat is sleek, the gameplay in general is smooth.  Most of the powerups are in plain view, while some of the collectables are really hard to find.  Basically, Strider goes out of the way to not break the game's flow.  Falling in a pit or hitting a laser moves you back to the last solid surface with a small amount of life loss.  Even full-on death happens shows a quick ""mission failed"" screen, and moves you back to the last checkpoint, which are pretty frequent.The story was really weak, but it's not a story-centric game."
,Recommended,235210,12471697,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Wysiwyg,Solid Metrovania style game that does the original version proud. There can be a few times where the game may seem unfair but if you rethink your approach and use the provided skillsets those challenges can become much easier. The only thing I wish I could change would be the dialogue between characters as it's a bit tiring and melodramatic. If you want a good game to kill an afternoon with than I would easily recommend Strider.
76561198013025308,Recommended,235210,13012798,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,heygirlhae,"This game is everything that I wanted in a game let alone a Strider reboot. Smooth controls, good visuals, fun level design and fast paced combat with enough collectibles to keep you hunting. This is the game that finally got me to speed run."
,Recommended,235210,9183776,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Resonate as a Sound,"Double Helix has done another beautiful job of reviving a franchise. Keeping true to the original Striders feel, while still keeping it fresh."
76561197991465949,Recommended,235210,32778695,Posted: 25 June,all,Gagarin,Like old 8-16 bit games with modern graphics. Well done Capcom!
,Recommended,235210,24510162,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Onii-chan,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=730967022This up front: I have played the old arcade Strider game from long, long ago.That aside, I still quite enjoy this game. The action is quick and flashy and, most importantly, fun.It feels and runs like a solid, 2D, action platformer. It gives you upgrades that significantly change gameplay as you go on, throws new enemies at you every major ""level"", and is, simply, quite fun.It CAN have its frustrating moments, however. Sometimes it's bad about telling you where you need to go, as sometimes the arrow on the minimap seems to bug out or simply not point in an intuitive direction. There has been a time or two that the game's difficulty jumped up quickly on me for a section out of nowhere.Despite this, I recommend it, especially if you can snag it on a sale."
76561197983545926,Recommended,235210,23404919,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"At least as good as Strider 2. The game borrows a lot from that title, but reinvents the gameplay as a metroid-vania. Very cool if you are into action-exploration games and insane ninja antics with some beautiful graphics."
76561198010302211,Recommended,235210,9604691,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Jotaro Kujo,"One of the BEST games I've ever played of this kind, does Strider justice and I think fans of the old-school Strider, as well as newcomers, will love it.Don't listen to me being a fanboy, if you're reading this review, just stop reading and hit the ""purchase"" button. You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,235210,34546287,Posted: 27 August,all,Knight Angel,Great game. People who are complaining clearly didn't play long enough (look at their hours played) and complaining...
,Recommended,235210,13576206,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,I couldn't stop playing this game. It was just the right amount of difficulty and pure fun jumping around and slicing up dudes. I need more. MORE.
76561198025149628,Recommended,235210,24119829,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,You'reTearingMeApartLisa,"First the bad:-The game can feel short.-It sometimes feels like it lacks a little bit of depth compared to what one would expect from a metroidvania nowadays.-If you're experienced on the genre, the game might feel a little bit unchallenging. (though, I've yet to play it on harder modes)-The story feels quite 2D for a game that has such a gorgeous 3d.The good:-The gameplay is perfect. You really feel like a badass and deadly futuristic ninja. It's fast, is fluid, is flashy. You'll not get this quality of rushing-through-enemies-while-they-break-apart-The graphics are, again, gorgeous. An excellent combination of scenary and level design showcases beautiful places that are pleasant to the eye.-The character design. Even if the story and dialogue feels a little bit lacking, the characters are all funny and even memorable. From the cackling filled of hubris mercenary, to the blinded water-priest, ending with an interesting this-is-not-even-my-final-form villain."
76561197979948340,Recommended,235210,30877161,Posted: 1 April,all,Capt.sweaty,"What an amazing recreation. Bravo Double Helix Games! Controls are tight and smooth, levels are laid out in that great metroidvania style of peeling back layers as you upgrade your abilities, and boss battles are unique and challenging experiences. I've been replaying this recently because my 8yr old son restarted my progress (wish you could make multiple profiles ;) and I'm still enjoying it. Highly recommended even if you never played the original."
,Recommended,235210,10988724,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TartanGoregon,gud geam
,Recommended,235210,20364158,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,anti-magic,"In a nutshell it is Metroid Ninja Flavour.Strider is honestly a great looking, smooth handling metroidvania. The only real complaints I have are that the boss difficulty felt a little all over the place (mostly with physically larger bosses being very easy to cheese with a certain upgrade) and with the lack of a central hub/quick travel system it is a hideous chore to go back and collect previously unobtainable powerups. Even the in-game map doesn't tell you which borders are the area transitions and where they lead to.It's a touch short but of course there is always hard mode or finding 100% of the collectibles if you have a compulsive need to fulfill some kind of $X/hr of entertainment rate."
,Recommended,235210,25041145,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ninjamax,One of the bset platformors i have ever played
76561198326494224,Recommended,235210,25043338,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ignatius,"Game is awesome.  No crashes for me running a CLEAN install of Windows 7 64 bit.I have no complaints, but my thumb is about to go on strike due to overwork."
,Recommended,235210,10625155,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Southpaw,CYBERNINJA. SLASH SOME STUFF AND GRAB UPGRADES. MAYBE SOME DIFFERENT COLOR SCHEMES IF YOURE INTO THAT SORT OF THING.
76561198068595005,Recommended,235210,9196662,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,wizardishϟ,"dope♥♥♥♥♥game, buy it if you like that fast past action button mashing 2.5d side scroller game that has OG graphics."
76561198027016437,Recommended,235210,32727940,Posted: 24 June,all,mckracken,"super stylish graphics.gameplay is really fluid.youve got a minimap, how can layout be confusing??music is good, not great.very much recommended."
,Recommended,235210,9243513,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,AuspexAO,"Strider is one of those few old games that doesn't get the giant cult of nostalgia it actually deserves. There were several versions, the original taking the form of a difficult but innovative action platformer with excellent animation for its time. The version I played many times was the NES version, which was one of the earliest examples of the famous ""Metroidvania"" style of gameplay where gaining levels and abilities unlocked new opportunities in levels you had already visited previously.This new version of Strider boldly sports both playstyles. It pays homage to the NES version with its sprawling levels filled with hidden secrets and upgrades, but it stays true to its arcade roots with lightning fast action and fast, fun boss encounters (you'll recognize all of them if you were a fan of the original). It's basically a retelling of the original story too (what little there was) so you don't need to be a fan to get into this EXCELLENT game.Did I mention it's only $15?"
,Recommended,235210,11425494,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Seph,"Pretty cool game, the main character's movements really make you feel like a ninja. The ending made me shed a tear and is what really sets the game apart, it was spectacular and i'm trying to control myself not to spoil it."
76561198074021853,Recommended,235210,24113400,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hiyu,"Very good game with fluid combat and mechanic. The boss fights could feel a bit anti-climatic due to the their limited movesets.The game might not worth its full price but on sale, it's definitely a recommend title.P.s: If you are a WASD kind of guy, remember to check the re-bind guide."
,Recommended,235210,22018851,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Wratts,"Fantastic action-platformer with some metroidvania-style gameplay elements. It combines the best of all older Strider games, like the arcade machines, the NES game, and the later adaptations for home consoles. It throws them into a blender, and underlines the delicious mix with flawless visuals, pumping sound effects, an excellent soundtrack, fluid and responsive controls, awesome boss battles, and a gameplay that has perfectly tuned difficulty settings. Hunting down collectibles and extra challenge modes will give you plenty of extra re-play value, as well.And yes: you will see gravity break. Just as you should in any good Strider game. The gravity-warped areas are back. So are the Four Winds, Solo, and facing off with Grandmaster Meio.This. This is how you remake an old game series. This is the definitive Strider experience."
76561197992723591,Recommended,235210,28147761,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,redfox,"This game brings a heavy dose of nostalgia. It's fast paced, smooth and, with a few exceptions, controls nicely. Artistically, I think it looks great with a modern and almost cartoon like appearance particularly in the backgrounds. My main complaint is lack of enemy and environment variation. You'll be fighting the same guys over and over and most of them serve to just get in your way as they're almost on 1 - 2 shot kills. Everyting takes places within a gloomy futuristic Eurasian-like setting.In keeping with its nostalgic feeling, the game doesn't improve upon gameplay very much from its 1989 counterpart. There's running, wall climbing and anti-gravity platforming.Sound is mediocre and, in keeping with Capcom tradition, the voice acting is some of the worst I have ever heard.Fairly quick to play, this game easy with the rare frustrating moment.All in all I enjoyed it and didn't blow me away.6.5/10"
,Recommended,235210,9886024,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,epilis,"After almost 30 hours and getting all the Steam achievements, I'm satisfied with my pre-purchase at full price. I've played through almost every previous Strider game from the past many times. This includes the original Arcade (as well as the Genesis version), NES version (which I love), and Strider 2 arcade version (via PSX). The only one I haven't finished is Strider Returns on Genesis because that game was horrible.Many of the original elements of the game can be found here, but it's not a remake of any previous game. While the original arcade version was just 5 stages to blast through, this one is total Metroid-vania style with a complete new layout. Right from the beginning, you find places you know you will have to trek back to later.I think the music could have been a bit better. It's there and at times it can enhance the game play experience (i.e. remade NES Kazakh level), but it seems like it's more ambient at other times. It's definitely more of a modern style gaming music. This is probably just wishful thinking on my part. I totally did not like that Meio's song from the original Strider was not remade for this game. He also doesn't say ""All sons of old gods, die!"" while you're fighting him... His laugh isn't anywhere to be found either. I felt that was key to the original.The original familiars are there: eagle, panther, drones, but they're used differently than the original game. Once you achieve the ability to call them, they're only around for a short time. Instead of having 1-2 drones follow you around until you get hit, they're just like when you activate your super on Marvel vs Capcom. They spin around you and fire when you use your sword.The panther ""spirit"" appears and just runs back forth across the ground once, then disappears. The eagle just swoops through in front of you destroying almost everything in your path (I think it's more useful in this game than the original arcade).There are new power-ups not found in previous Strider games, and they're what separates/makes this game.There are new cypher powers not found in previous games. The only time you get a longsword power-up is when your meter is powered up enough after killing enough enemies consecutively. This meter also goes down over time or when you get hit, so it's not easy to build up. It would've been nice to get a longsword power up that lasts longer like the original arcade game.Would I recommend this game to Strider fans? YesWould I recommend this game to Metroid-vania fans? YesI give it an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,235210,9223340,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,HOW DO I NYX NYX_brah,"Ah Strider, what happened to you buddy?  You were my favorite genesis game, my number one pick for any Marvel vs. Capcom game (HUR DUR LETS PUT HIM IN MVC3: VERSION 25 1/2 A FEW MONTHS LATER).  You had style, you had soul.  You also didn't have Double Helix producing you and Capcom wasn't what it is today, but let's just chose to ignore that for now.  Hopefully this review will clear anything up for you if you are a Strider fan, but are worried about making this purchase. I took the nostalgia goggles off, and gave it a shot.You are Strider Hiryu, a ninja in the distant future that has a blade that slices through metals in a way that you and I would cut through a wet paper bag.  Top of your class and supposedly last of your clan, you set off to fight Meio, the mysterious overlord of Eurasia (who are we kidding, it’s just Russia).  That's what the Strider game was originally based off (I think) and that's what I'm sticking to.Your gameplay includes slashing things at all times.  If there's a platform section in this game, keep slashing anyway.  Just a heads up if you are looking for something that requires a little more in-depth combat.  You aren't going to find it here, at least not a very deep level anyway.  What do you want?  Try playing the Gen and Arcade Strider game before you even think about getting this one and try that out.  That is what a Strider does.Did you play it yet?  Whatever you learned from the Gen/Arcade game, you can forget, except the slashing bit.  No longer do you get health bar increases, or blade extensions pick-ups; you must play the *metroidvania* game and hunt them down, piece by piece.  If there is an area that you can't get to, don't worry about it.  You'll probably fight a boss and get a power up to be able to explore that area in a bit.  Can't find out where you are going?  That's fine.  We'll hold your hand with our waypoint system so you can find your way there with little to no back tracking or challenge.  We'll lead you to all the important things in the game, but if you want collectibles, we're going to only show them as markers on the mini map.  No help after that!If you can't tell, this is a serious gripe for me.  If you are going to turn this game into a Metroidvania, then just do it.  Take the dive, remove all the safety gear, and give the players a decent challenge.  <------  If you are an original Strider fan, this is what you come to expect.  I understand there needs to be some types of flow in this game, but at least take away the hand holding.   Fine, give us the objective, but don't point us in the right direction.  It's a slap to the face.  You don't increase our play time or our enjoyment by doing this.  Strider games from the Gen and PSX were based off a linear path, and guess what?  It was a big enough challenge that it kept us coming for more.  That's what we like.Power ups and items come in two flavors; Health bar/energy bar and abilities.  I hope you didn't expect stats in this game (being a metroidvania and all), because there aren't any.  You can refill energy/health at ""Safety points"", off your enemies’ deaths, or through hovering capsules.  The blade mechanics don't change much (except for a charge swipe), and if you can slap people around enough without getting hit, you'll go into ""RED HULK CYPHER MODE"" for a few seconds.  It's not really that great, and trying to achieve this during regular combat doesn't really impact gameplay.  It’s a nice benchmark to know that you are moving quickly and not getting hit though.That's not to say that Strider doesn't pose some challenge in fights.  Certain areas can get frustratingly overwhelming if you let it.  The problem is that after a few power ups, such as option a or b, this problem is eliminated.  Boss fights are.... disappointing, for a Strider game.  I expect more thought put into this area other than sound clips from the bosses while I ignore them and slash away.  ""NOT SO TOUGH NOW HUH STRIDER?""  I guess it would be cool if I could taunt back, but sadly, Double Helix cuts more corners than an Indy driver.  Boss patterns are predictable and easy.Keyboard and mouse controls were okay.  If you are going to attempt to play this on a keyboard, be forewarned; stopping or changing directions at times was awkward, but I believe this was more of a design flaw in the game than it was for the keyboard.  I found it easier to spam on a keyboard for slashing, but a bit more comfortable on a controller for extended play.   If you have a controller and going to make this a marathon, I'd suggest the controller.  Whatever floats your boat?Strider is a multiplatform game, so we get a ported version.  I didn't check the system specifications on this one, but when I did, I laughed.  Recommended 4 gigs of ram, a dual core processor, win 7 64 bit, DX11, and 4 gigs of hard drive space,  and a lower grade graphics card (GTS 720), which isn't terrible, but I have to wonder where the 4 GB came from to place on my hard drive.  I've noticed scaling issues attempting to go full screen at 1080p, and it does not seem to give the option for higher resolutions.  Keep this in mind; they did not port this well.  Expect to see some glitches and bugs.Sound is there.  We won't get to enjoy a decent soundtrack, but I suppose that’s what to expect when the company wastes most of the budget on getting voice actors for a Strider game.  Bad ones, at that, and a poor script to boot.  You'll hear the Strider theme every time you find something.  Expect nothing else.  You won't be surprised.There are collectibles to find, and challenge missions to unlock.  There's some replay here, but I won't waste my time.  I do not see a point system yet, but if there's a total grade at the end of the game, I will of course update it.  Right now I'll just plod through this mediocrity, reminiscing of the Strider of old.  This game got too stale too fast.I'll give it a 5.7, which hurts my own feelings.  Decent grab, but get it on sale.  Some may enjoy it, but Strider fans of old games, you’ll finish it with a sense of disappointment.  The quality isn't there.*Those who aren't familiar with this term, it refers to Metroid  and Castlevania games that enjoy free roaming in a 2D setting, that progresses through different areas through the acquistion of items.*"
,Recommended,235210,9647293,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,KK,This game makes me rock hard. 10/10.
,Recommended,235210,10029106,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,NEO! | Gourdon Freemann,If you enjoyed any of the previous striders or are looking for a fast paced metroidvania styled 2D platformer.Look no further. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198040295426,Recommended,235210,18260454,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"I did hear good things about this game but was a bit skeptic. In my view it looked so generic on those trailers, so I thought ""great, another generic looking 2.5D game to cash in on an old franchise"". I must now eat my words. Thoughts. Whatever.I only played two strider games, this and the one on Mega Drive. I never knew there were more until I recently googled it. So my review will occasionally compare this with the 'original' (well, it was a port of the original anyway so every time I say ""original"" I mean the Mega Drive port) and occasionally talk about the game as its own thing.I loved the original game. Never finished it, as it was usually the case back then. But what really stuck with me was how different everything in the game felt from every other game. The east european backgrounds, the level where you could only see silhouettes behind lightning strikes, the crazy gravity sections. The game never ceased to throw new things at me as I made my way through the levels. Today is common place for a game to have movie-like soundtrack, with those orchestral arrangements that follow no specific tempo (in movies they follow the whatever-is-happening-on-screen-tempo) but, to my memory, Strider seems to be one of the first games that did it, and I loved it.Why am I saying all this? because I think that feeling of playing a game filled with things I have never seen before was one of the defining features of the original and is the only thing missing from this reincarnation. Strider (now we are talking about the current game) doesn't take risks. It looks great but does nothing I haven't seen before. The few things that stand out it brings from the original, like the gravity mechanics, but not everything came and nothing ground-breaking was introduced. Granted, most of those features on the original are now commonplace and new Strider is in a tough position of showing newer things. But my point is that it doesn't take any risks in any aspect.However, while Strider sits in its own comfortable zone, it does everything extremely well. The game plays much like the original, your attack is as fast as you can mash the button without so much as slowing you down and you can climb walls and ceiling. Only a million times better than the original and with much more depth. There are so many maneuvers, different attacks, different enemies, that make battles extremely deep and incredibly satisfying. At first you just run through the enemies mashing the button, but as the game progresses you will find this strategy lacking. Shielded enemies will start appearing, flying enemies, enemies with different attack modules and so on. So each combination requires different strategies and fast thinking. By the end of the game I was jumping, dashing, changing weapon type in mid-air, activating powers, all within a second. The combat is, without question, the star of the game.The linear progression of levels was abandoned in favor of a metroidvania structure. And it definitely works. Metroidvania, open world, or any other kind of structure that has you backtracking all the time, works very well with action gameplay. It's also a well made map to explore and improve your character stats by finding upgrades. I think it was a nice addition, but the fact the combat is so good is determinant.One last thing. I thought the difficulty curve was ideal. I mention that because I read people complaining it's too easy. I did beat the last boss on my first try but that doesn't mean it was easy, I did it while standing up and shouting continuously at the screen until the ugly thing was dead. Very exciting stuff."
76561197977670949,Recommended,235210,23525347,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,biostudent,"This is a ""side-scrolling"" action game. Your character, Strider, is an assassin in a technologically advanced future dystopian world. There's an evil dictator in Kazhak and you have to assassinate him.Basically you run around the levels, slashing up bad guys with your high tech sword. Strider stats off as a fairly advanced side-scrolling melee action hero. He can run, jump, slide, climb walls (even hang ceilings), and slash enemies with this sword, you even get to charge up your super attack meter. You have a life meter so you can get hit a few times before dying. You also have a mana meter that autochages but you start without any mana or skill to use it.Killing enemies will grant you a little bit of life and mana and help charge your super attack meter. Getting hit takes away life and some of your charge meter. When your meter is fully charged, for  a short period of time, your attacks are more powerful and have extended range.As you explore the levels and progress through the story you earn power ups for Strider and his sword. He can learn new actions: double jump, dash, downward flying stab, throw daggers, deflect enemy shots, charge the sword, and summon mosnters to attack or for ""fast travel."" Summoning monsters to attack and throwing kunai use up mana.You also earns elemental upgrades for the sword: fire, ice, and magnetic charge. These elemental upgrades can also be applied to his charged sword attacks, throwing daggers (kunai), and dash attacks. You can choose which element to have active.There are also optional upgrades to find throughout the map. Extend life bar, extend mana bar, increase mana re-charge, and number of kunai thrown per use. These require a bit of backtracking. They are not necessary but very helpful to have.I played this on easy difficulty and found it to be an enjoyable experience.I highly recommend using a controller. I used an xbox 360 controller."
,Recommended,235210,18574891,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Animus Furandi,"A frenetic Metroidvania-style remake of the original arcade game, this 2014 retelling of an action classic pretty much nails it. Strider lets you know it's no B.S. from the instant you start playing, showcasing the addition of more refined controls and level design to the breakneck action of Strider 2. The result is hectic, satisfying combat, smooth controls, and a big map full of hidden goodies. Nailing those essential elemets would have sufficed, but gorgeous visuals and a fleshed-out story (complete with voice acting for all the dialogue) really ice the cake. Still, it's not so perfect a game that you can expect it to go down as a modern classic in its genre. It's hampered just slightly by the addition of too many combat mechanics that do little more than overcomplicate what should have been more straightforward hacking and slashing. And while there's a large world to explore, this game has the most convoluted map I've seen in a very long time, which makes exploration and secret hunting a massive headache. Nonetheless, Strider's a great addition to a great series, and the developer's proficiency in all areas of its design make it an overall success."
76561198026674109,Recommended,235210,24212375,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stout,"Fun and finely crafted remake that outshines its predecessor.Strider is a remake of a 1980s era action platformer.  By every measurable criteria, the modern Strider far surpasses its predecessor.  I was not a fan of the original and though it looked great, the action was clunky and overly challenging in spots, which were hallmarks of the time.The modern Strider, released in 2014 by Double Helix Games is a graphical delight and a blast to play.The combat is fast paced and represents gaming at its best.  Lower tier enemies are quickly dispatched and it is quite enjoyable to utilize your speed, mobility and ninja moves to savagely respond to a group of rifle toting cyborgs putting you under fire.  Bossess and larger enemies take some pattern recognition, which is reminiscent of the finest old-school gaming.Strider simply has the best platforming mechanics in gaming as well.  Double jumping, wall climbing and ceiling climbing have never been done better than this.  Jumps are fast, controllable and tight and climbing a wall is not a chore to accomplish.The game has leaderboards and is littered with hidden collectibles and unlockable options adding quite a bit of content and replayability.This remake was refreshing to see and Double Helix did a fantastic job here.  Though the game has top-notch graphics, they did not try to force 3D and perspective change to modernize the game as the Castlevania series regrettably did.  This is how you remake a game, by taking what was good about the original, do it better, focus on fun gameplay, improve and modernize the graphics and add in a ton of extra content."
,Recommended,235210,21118367,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jundacho,its gud
,Recommended,235210,20530155,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,aymanq2010,I love this game and I can't stop playing it. Just got all achievments in the game   :DThis game is the best fast based combat sidescroller with awesome level designing and graphics.I wish for a Strider 2 game to come!
,Recommended,235210,9194300,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Shadowhaxor,"Strider was always a favorite of mine, dating back from the Nintendo Entertainment System, Arcade, Sega Genesis days and PlayStation 2, with the exception of Strider 2. No, not this Strider 2, this Strider 2 aka Strider Returns, a non-Capcom Strider…. man that game was so bad, but anyway. So I was pretty excited when Capcom and Double Helix announced that they were going to create a new game in the Strider series.Systems: PC, PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, Xbox OneRelease Date: February 18, 2014 for PS3 & PS4. February 18, 2014 for PC, Xbox 360 & Xbox One.Developer: Double HelixPublisher: CapcomPrice: $14.99*Reviewed on the PC version of the game and final code*First and foremost this is not a remake of the original Strider but a completely new adventure that infuses elements from games such as Castlevania and Metriod (Hence the game being labeled as a Metroidvania game) and as such certain areas will require some back tracking if you want to find and explore every bit of the game. The combat is fast paced and fun with plenty of enemies and bosses to slay, all which have their own charm though their attack patterns are very easy to pick out.Thankfully the game adds more control freedom to the character this time around as you are able to aim your attacks in multiple directions using the analog pad, useful for snagging that out of place health kit or enemy. They’ve even given Hiryu several additional attack moves such as a down-ward thrust that allows you to take out both enemies and floors below you, a charged up Cypher which is handy for breaking down shielded enemies and adds  an attack bonus to your normal attacks. Even Strider Hiryu’s trademarked jump makes a return intact with no changes what so ever. I will add however that there is an issue on the PC side of things and while the game does support gamepads, it only natively supports either PC controllers (Logitech, Matcatz) or Xbox 360 controllers. If  you plan on using either a Playstation 3 or 4 controler with an emulation app like Xbox360ce or Motionjoy then be warned it may not work as there have been numerous reports of it not working with the title.Graphically the game looks beautiful, the art direction gives of a futurist vibe while the game moves along at a smooth 60 frames per second on the PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, however only at 30 frames per second on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. While the game is bright and has a cartoon-ish look to it, it doesn’t take away anything from the game and I’m sure that you’ll stop from time to time to notice the detail that was put into the game.  Luckily I purchased the game on PC and got to enjoy the 60 FPS along side my 2560×1440 resolution and damn does it look good (Not that I’m bragging).On the music front those who have played the Strider games of old’e will be right at home as there are plenty of remixes of classic Strider tracks as well as new ones. As an added bonus those who preordered the game on Steam were treated to a digital release of the soundtrack which contains 20 tracks  that includes 7 remixed versions of music from the past. Sadly the only other way to access the Strider soundtrack was to purchase the Limited Edition of Strider dubbed the “Strider Hiryu Special-A Class Limited Edition”  which is only for the PlayStation 3 and a Japanese only release but does include a 3 disc release of the soundtrack among other things. So if that sounds like something you may want, you better get to importing.While many fans of the series were unsure if Double Helix could do the Strider name justice, it’s reassuring to see that not only did they do the game justice but this is perhaps the best version of Strider to date, easily trumping it’s past iterations. If there are any negative things to say about the game is that it’s too short. Many gamers will finish the game well within 3-4 hours if they’re going for a straight finish, though if you’re one to unlock every secret and achievement then you can easily double that. Sadly once the game is beaten there is no new game+ mode, which isn’t a huge issue but it’s one of those nice to have things. Currently there isn’t any news about any upcoming DLC and with the acquisition of Double Helix by Amazon not much is known about the status of anything going.Even still for $14.99 you can’t go wrong especially in an age where even $60 dollar games are just as short,  Strider heralds back to the hey days of the side scrolling platformers and makes for an enjoyable experience for both new-comers and veterans alike. You can’t go wrong either way.To those looking forward to getting the PC version of the game, there are two issues to be aware of other than the controller emulation issue that I mentioned above. The first is there is no way to map the buttons in-game which is totally unacceptable but at the same time we need to realize that this is a port of the PlayStation 4 & Xbox One versions. Though it is possible to bind the controls by editing the binds_pc.cfg file. The other is that this is a DirectX 11 title, meaning if you want this for the PC and you are either running a 32-bit OS and / or your video card doesn’t support DirectX 11 then you’re better off getting this for the consoles as this won’t run for you. Please keep this in mind since trying to get your money back on a digital only release isn’t going to be easy or fun.Hopefully this isn’t the last that we’ll see of Strider Hiryu and we’ll get another update of the classical Capcom ninja and sooner than later."
76561197972734792,Recommended,235210,9200856,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Grampire,"The last time we saw a full release Strider game was the good but frustratingly short Strider 2 for the Playstation 13 years ago. Most of us remember the NES version or the Genesis title very fondly, and interestingly this game is an amalgamation of the ideas presented in those two titles. With no small amount of modesty and admitted bias I have to say (and hope to describe why) it's absolutely brilliant and has completely surpassed my expecatations.  This is the way you welcome back the most bad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ninja in history!The Good:-Metroid-in-a-tunnel sort of progression(until you unlock certain powerups that let you properly backtrack) while staying true to the arcade & genesis sort of fast action platforming gameplay.  You're encouraged to explore in a forward direction and there's always action to keep you engaged, and it's a really nice mix unique to this style of game.  You'll also encounter areas you can't access that you'll have to come back for (or not).  Anecdotally, I love these types of games, and it's nice to have another solid title in the catalog.-Controls are solidThis assumes you're using an XBox 360 or XINPUT controller;I wouldn't recommend playing this game with a keyboard.Hiryu is fast, easy to control, and very responsive with a nice selection of gadgets and moves. Gameplay, even combat, focuses heavily on skill and movement which are Hiryu's greatest characteristics, and the focus controls place on these aspects add a big layer of immersion to the game.-Level design is very well done, and progression feels natural.You're given plenty of opportunity to leap, dive, and smash your way through levels that are as much vertical as they are horizontal.  Platforming is enhanced by the upgrade system.  You have a marker and a map that points you in the right direction, but hidden upgrades absolutely encourage you to explore every inch of the map.-Combat is visceral, flashy and satisfying.As with previous versions, Hiryu attacks as quickly as you can press the button.  Normally you'd think a character that can literally move to any part of the screen almost instantly and attack as frequently as you want would feel broken, and while Hiryu feels insanely powerful, there are appreciably challenging portions of combat throughout the game.  Some of the bosses have some interesting mechanics and can catch you offguard if you get too nonchalant. It's a nice balance of feeling powerful while being challenging.-The overall aesthetic of the game feels genuine, and  I feel like this is the most important pro on this list.  Almost all of the game's music consists of remixes of songs used in previous games.  Many of Hiryu's signature moves, including the hard slash ""gram"" and launcher from Capcom vs. Marvel along with his robotic options and companions return and are incorporated well.  Hiryu and really all  character design looks great; bosses are interesting.  The art style is well done and fits the IP; all of the levels have a futuristic tech-look to them which fits well with our 2000+ year old ninja's style.-The upgrade system is great.Upgrades come frequently and they do a respectable job at making you feel more powerful.  This includes cypher upgrades all the way to health increases (think energy tanks from Metroid).  It makes you want to keep hunting to find out what you'll get next, though you don't have to find them all if you don't want to.  I think this game would be heaven for a speedrunner.-Game seems solid technically and looks beautiful.  I'm playing this on a mid range i5 3570k with an HD 6800; a very mid-range setup, and I've got the game maxed out at a constant 60 frames with no stutter.  I haven't encountered any bugs or crashes during my first playthrough (at last boss now).  The art direction really shines; the game looks striking.  Backgrounds are well done, effects look good with attacks lighting up the screen and defeated robots raining debris.  Again, this enhances the fast gameplay.The bad:-A few annoying technical detailsincluding characters who speak without moving their lips and pixelated textures when you're shown certain characters close-up are mildly distracting and look a bit silly.  You'll likely notice them right away and it will nag at you a bit, but it's not a huge deal for most of the game.-Story is barebones.  I'm not taking marks off for this at all honestly, but if someone actually reads this it's quite possible this will matter.  I haven't really gone over much of the extra content but in-game you aren't really given much to go on as far as why Hiryu's fighting, who he's fighting, or given much of a sense of urgency at all.  I think even Super Metroid set the stage a little better than this game did, and it was even more bereft of characterization.  Honestly though, if you're like me and you just want to destroy robots as the best ninja around, you shouldn't notice too much.-Unlocks aren't as exciting as you want them to be.  When I say ""unlocks,"" I'm talking specifically about concept art collections and new costumes for Hiryu,NOTthe upgrades you get in game that affect gameplay.  The costumes are nothing more than pallet swaps, which is terribly lame in my opinion considering Hiryu actually has had some different threads in the past.  It would've been cool to have something like Strider Hien's (from Strider 2) costume as well.  A small bit of a missed opportunity in my opinion.-Controlls aren't apparently great if you aren't using an XINPUT control.I would go ahead and discourage anyone from playing this if you don't have a controller you can use.  I'm using the wired Logitech F310 and it's perfect; I can imagine it would not be so great without one.-Gameplay does have it's nuances.  Hiryu can attack in 8 directions, and sometimes this will make it hard to hit certain enemies.  Some fights encourage you to spam attacks which can make it hard to focus on what's going on.  Certain fights have ambiguous mechanics that can be frustrating while others may feel too straightforward and uninteresting.  Some powerups (I'm looking at you option A) when combined with Hunter mode are pretty broken.  Things like this may turn off certain players.  Personally I feel like these sorts of things come with the territory in a game like this and add to the character.Other things I didn't touch on are the survival and beacon run modes you unlock through playing.  The main story on Normal difficulty should take you 7-9 hours of gametime, which in my opinion is a good length for this type of game.To wrap up this review (which is much longer than I intended), I just want to reinforce how surprised and pleased I was with this game.  I grew up playing the NES Strider to death (still love it) and I have to say that if I were going to make an update of that game it would very closely resemble what this is.For my money, this is easily the most value packed $15.00 you can spend on Steam right now.  Worth every penny and very strongly recommended."
,Recommended,235210,9227608,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,I came. I saw. I strided (stridered?).
,Recommended,235210,17115618,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bridge Burner,"This incarnation of Strider is a Metroidvania-style game with it's focus on hack n' slash platforming. The music is decent, the action is solid, and the controls are sharp (an absolute requirement for this sort of title). The voice acting is so-so but that isn't what you're really here for, is it?Sorta wish they'd have kept the original cipher sounds, but ultimately I don't mind the update.Total gameplay time is around 6 hours. There's an achievement for finishing in less than 4.A controller is definitely recommended for this title.For: Strider series fans, people that like slicing things to bits, anybody who thinks cyber-ninjas are the future, action and platforming fans.Not for: The easily frustrated, people who hate backtracking for pickups, people who hate 2d platforming."
,Recommended,235210,16478231,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wildt,"The developers behind this 2014 remake/reboot of the Capcom arcade classic really got the balance right. They paid respect to the gameplay qualities that made the original fun, while carefully modernizing it with new elements which really elevate experience.The gameplay starts off *very* simple, letting you learn the basics, and then slowly adds new moves, attacks and special powers as the game progresses. The difference between the complexity of the combat in the beginning and in the end is REALLY dramatic. That's a double edged sword, because on one hand it helps keep things fresh and  interesting, but I can see how it could make someone toss the game aside after 20 minutes because he/she felt the gameplay lacked depth.The control scheme is really excellent using an xbox 360 controller, but in the midst of heavy action I sometimes experienced some problems getting the dpad to select the desired plasma type. Probably just my overworked, uncoordinated old fingers, but it did annoy somewhat.The graphics are pretty much perfect. They nailed the whole sci-fi ninja theme, and the 2.5d rendering dynamically zooms in/out depending on the area you're in, so that it feels confined and in-your-face when fighting in narrow corridors, and vast and open when you're outside in big areas.The sound effects are also excellent, but I found the voice acting (there isn't much) and music just a tad above mediocre.The game lasted me around 10 hours on ""normal"". 90% of it was an absolute joy, but the last 10% was sadly tainted with frustration due to a combination of high difficulty, my low skill level and some stupid game design decisions:- Checkpoints aren't save games! You have to reach a ""save pod"" to save your progress to disk. It blows my mind that someone felt the need to punish the user for having to turn off the computer!- Some checkpoints are placed too far before boss fights (of which most are great btw), making you replay a dull, unchallenging part of the map over and over.- No ""retry from checkpoint"" option.- Unskippable cutscenes before boss fights (well, you CAN after watching the first 15 seconds or so, but when boiling with rage after dying 15 times this feels like half an hour).At it's best, Strider 2014 brought me stellar gameplay moments, and while I do reckon this is in my top 3 action platformer games, there's no denying that the above complaints poisoned my overall enthusiasm somewhat.82%"
76561198027919487,Recommended,235210,12472144,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TJW,very cool game with great visuals and tight controls on top of the metroidvania gameplay makes for an awesome game
,Recommended,235210,12738300,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Phantom XLR,"An amazing, triumphant game right down to its core."
,Not Recommended,235210,24301836,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Retron,"I'm sure this game is great if it works for you. The bits I have managed to play are quite good and show promise. Unfortunately, it constantly crashes no matter how I change my settings. Buyer beware."
,Recommended,235210,9185421,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,何?!,I am having a Stridergasm :D
,Recommended,235210,12915014,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MrIceburg,Best game on my PC. Runs like a charm and has allowed me to waste large amounts of time in a very fun way.
,Recommended,235210,13836617,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Killbot 2.0,"Contrary to popular belief Capcom does in fact have IPs besides Street Fighter and Resident Evil,  This is one of them.  It harkens back to Strider's Action Arcade roots but uses the Metroidvania game design to expand on it.  Solid Platforming, Tight Controls, very Atmospheric and humorous Saturday Morning Cartoon-esque dialogue.  It has two minor problems in that with too many projectiles and enemies on the screen at once the game may chug and the FPS may drop. the other problem is that some areas rely on copy-pasting rooms to increase the longevity."
76561198096883651,Recommended,235210,23445523,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Goatdad,"Overall just a great video game, I haven't been this compelled to just sit down and play a game since wind waker and pokemon emerald.  It isn't complicated yet it's compelling enough to continue playing without getting bored.  the controls are amazing and there isn't a boring♥♥♥♥♥tutorial at the start.  The plot doesn't matter it's just good game. Really solid platformer, feels really really good to play."
,Recommended,235210,15712828,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Pennywise,"A great side scrolling game like the same games from 90! Strider was a first CAPCOM success, and this time, Strider is a great ""remake"" with a new storyline, new challenges and new music. A game faster than old striders thats for sure!!!Great game just for waste your time!"
76561198060562984,Recommended,235210,27864132,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vchernis,"Great fast action, upgrades refresh the game every 15-20 minutes. Overall, a great buy!"
76561198118717287,Recommended,235210,23434771,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zwanstnanihe,"I unlocked a new abillity: double jump. Which on my first try, glitched me through a wall, causing me to fall through the world. And that did not even kill me. There is nothing Strider can't do.10/10 would dubble jump again."
76561198243410160,Recommended,235210,28355609,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,STARLORD,"Finally Beat the Game. It was really good. It's how a reboot should be done. It feels like a combination of Metroid except you have a sword instead of an arm cannon. I dont remember the other games being like that, but it's a welcome change with a more metroid-vania style level design. It had a few challenging/frustrating parts but overall 9/10."
,Recommended,235210,21013262,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,HazNut,"""HUHYEHHOHYAHHHYEYHOYAHHAHHOIHEYHOIHYAHHUHYEHHOHYAHHHYEYHOYAHHAHHOIHEYHOIHYAHHUHYEHHOHYAHHHYEYHOYAHHAHHOIHEYHOIHYAH""- Strider Hiryu"
,Recommended,235210,11348304,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"If someone told me five years ago the developers of Silent Hill: Homecoming and of various movie licensed games from G.I. Joe: Rise of Cobra to Battleship: The First Person Shooter would make not only the new Killer Instinct but also a reimagining of Strider, then I would have assumed we were talking about some forgotten twin sharing the same Double Helix. Credit should also be given to Capcom’s Osaka Studio who provided oversight during the creation of Strider’s surprising return.This is one of those rare instances where a development studio burdened with making licensed products for so long is given the opportunity to create something more original, and whether it was mainly due to the direction of the project heads or the pent-up creativity after so much shlock, the result is an adequately designed Metroidvania of the classic NES/arcade cyber-ninja that unlike its contemporaries makes the player feel powerful from the start rather than making the player feel inept.Taking Strides Forward By Staying the CourseOut of all the Capcom franchises in its backlog of history, Strider is probably the least interesting in terms of its gameplay as well as overall design. Originally on arcade machines, the game was a side-scroller that while enjoyable for its aesthetics, for its simplified yet refined combat, and for its difficulty curve to mask its purpose to eat your quarters, the game itself is archaic to modern standards. Even the console or various computer ports deviated from the original by making a generic side-scroller with some light adventure mechanics by finding clues to progress the story. Aside from a manga made to flesh out the lore of Strider, the IP remained dead until 2013.So how does DH’s take on Strider deviate or even return-to-form at all? Other than the aesthetics and brand name, there is nothing in common with the previous games. Strider (2014) has taken the barebone design of the original and made a simplified Metroidvania game with eight-directional controls that will remind one of the quality from the Castlevania trilogy to Castlevania 4 given a 2.5D style as well as an inspired Metal Gear Rising: Revengance health system. The added controls as well as visual polish creates such a satisfying result to play that there is almost a sense of liberation in terms of how you control the character flawlessly around enemies and master the destruction you can create like the cyber-assassin Hiryu was always meant to be.While it does stay true to the ideas of Metroidvanias, Strider (2014) mainly sticks to the basics of progression with secrets to discover to improve your character in somewhat open-ended linear maps with multiple weapon to unlock new paths or means of countering enemies. There are no sequence-breaking routes or anything distinct about Strider in terms of its combat or its platforming mechanics. The only notable thing about its gameplay is a feeling of improvement, something inherent in the genre, that begins at a high point of fluid mobility and high combat prowess that only makes the character feel more powerful the farther the game continues to add more to Hiryu’s arsenal.All of these aspects do not make the game bad nor does its lacking originality undermine it as many modern Metroidvanias like Guacamelee rely on its combat mechanics; they may stay true to its non-linear exploration like Axiom Verge; they utilize the spectacle of Metroidvanias to make a game as enjoyable for newcomers as well as die-hards looking for a new itch like Ori & the Blind Forest. Strider (2014) is content to stay the course by revamping the original design while managing to keep the same cathartic entertainment of the originals from their simplicity.One Stride Forward, Two Steps BackHaving praised the game as it is, there are some oversights that are warranted from the limitations of its design by creating a Metroidvania devoid of any real depth. As previously mentioned, the lack of sequence-breaking undermines players’ ability to explore these maps for alternative paths, which helps establish a more non-linear experience through either exploits and tests of player skill. This is something that establishes the real hallmark of the genre, and one that is often ignored by modern developers for better or worse. Strider (2014) doesn’t even attempt to allow players to pass up any ability, relying on self-imposed challenges not to use abilities that will make fights easier towards the end. However, the far more egregious issue with the game is the lack of depth to incentivize more replayability with the game beyond the difficulty settings.Perhaps the one idea the game teases the player with the prospect but never seizes the opportunity to add more to the experience is having multiple Striders, which establishes many fallen Striders with their own backstories that only reward you with color palette swaps. Similar to how Shovel Knight offers the Plague Knight and Specter Knight modes for longevity, these multiple striders could have reworked the existing level design as well as offer new ways to play the game. While it’s never completely fair for arm-chair critics to think of ways to make a game better outside its development process, the lack of any DLC to capitalize on this idea is a shame when developers from Ori & the Blind Forest made a new version to improve its non-linear design post-launch. Had the developers chosen to implement these types of modes instead of the color schemes, the game would have more longevity behind its name as well as more opportunities for creative approaches to the level-design and combat mechanics.Here-You, Sure-It-Can Stride-Her!Strider (2014), as a standalone title, is a classic throwback for a new age with as much ambition for its future as well as its appeal of its legacy for such a lesser known IP. You simply cannot go wrong with this game as it’s a diamond in the rough with as much polish behind it for the modern age.It’s somewhat ironic that Capcom would please fans for an IP with so few titles like DuckTales: Remastered and this game for Strider’s 25th anniversary while still leaving Mega Man fans blue-balled for so long until they finally created the MM Legacy Collections as well as ruining Bionic Commando—I will never forget that series. However, games like Strider (2014) makes me hopeful for the future of Capcom as they continue to create games that harken back to the originals such as the case with Resident Evil 7, even though their ambitions for success to redeem their franchises’ names will not always be as profitable as they hoped."
76561198132792574,Recommended,235210,17522546,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,armoredrobot,"PUT SAVE POINTS AFTER PRE-BOSS CUTSCENES, NOT BEFOREThat's my main criticism, although that's not all I have to say. This is my first Metroidvania game (if you don't count Terraria - sort of), and I guess I was expecting a bit more. The curve of mobility upgrades could have been a bit more developed, and the combat seems to take up more of the focus. That's not really bad, but I feel like I was expecting something different. Also, back on the subject of saves, they're way too far apart here. Iteration time is NOT a hard concept. Even better, put in quicksaves, which no one ever has ever objected to.For what it is, the game is very good. The animations are nice, I love the art style, and the combat is entertaining, and can bear being repeated several billion times as you try to defeat the boss fight right after the current room because there's no save between room and boss (seriously, this is elementary stuff). I was just expecting something different. On the bright side, however, this has made me even more excited for such games as Super Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. I think this is a genre I can really get into.P.S. I bought this game purely on Yahtzee's recommendation. He represents it well, and everyone should watch Zero Punctuation."
,Recommended,235210,9556510,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Dawl,"EXCELLENT gamePros: Controls are tight and responsive, upgrade progression is brisk, and levels are open and sprawling. Sequence breaking is possible.Cons: Steep hardware requirements"
76561198028721484,Recommended,235210,9193403,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Fifteen bucks for an amazingly solid Metroidvania style game. WEEF NEENJAHs. Word of warning however, the game is a bit easy so you might wanna crank it up to hard if that matters to you."
76561198029852111,Recommended,235210,9187843,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ChaosMaster24,"Fast paced fun combat, gorgeous lighting effects, gorgeous overall game.  Very good revamp of a great classic game."
,Recommended,235210,9188554,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ＳＴＥＶＥＯ,Why are you reading this when you should be playing the game?
,Recommended,235210,11711414,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Da Killah Genius,"One of the Best Re-Made Games Ever, Arcade Style Action, The Way ""Capcom"" Redesigned This Game from Stage Design + Gameplay, Reminds Me of ""Super Metroid"", I Love This Game and I Will Re-play Over One Day, This Game I Give a 10(+) in Graphics, Gameplay, Storyline, Music and Overall...."
,Recommended,235210,9187829,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,koga_de_fett - ps4!!!!,"Ok, when I seen the steam user tag ""MetroidVania"" I was pretty sure noone would put that tag less it was true.  Tis very true.  All the exploration, eye candy, and just an unbelievable amount of pure smooth gameplay.  Only 2 hours in and all I have to say is this game is so worth the price.gameplay 10/10music 10/10graphics 10/10level design 10/10anything else I can't fit into a rating 10/10"
,Recommended,235210,9187030,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bonnie Pink,"Worth the purchase!  Quite addicting I must say.  Cool graphics and Gameplay.  Reminds me of Megaman X4,5 and 6!"
76561197994070561,Recommended,235210,9602113,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Bellerophon GT,"High production quality, awesome modern platformer."
,Recommended,235210,14399480,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Quady14,BRING A KNIFE TO A GUN FIGHT AND WIN!YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH!
,Recommended,235210,11265933,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Pickles,"The original Strider was released way back in the 80s, and supposedly it was very popular. And then, aside from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knockoff and a single mediocre sequel in 2000, everyone forgot about it. Until Hiryu, the protagonist, was included in UMvC3. Riding on the resurgence of popularity, this game (2014 Strider) is released. Disclaimer: I have never played any previous Strider games, but this one is very fun. The combat is not very complex but it is enjoyable all the same. It definitely feels satisfying to cut through the hordes of enemies you come across, and the ability to control your slash direction gives you options to engage them. 2014 Strider is a BEAUTIFUL game, and the colors and flashiness add to the exciting experience. Many of the animations are homages to the original game. The exploration is also well done. Due to the fact that Hiryu can climb on 99% of the surfaces in the game, secrets can often be found in unexpected places. The levels are built, however, so that searching for said secrets never feels too tedious. Similar to games like Metroid, the entire game takes place in a single world  and so backtracking is essential to unlock everything.Overall 9/10, even though I've never played the original it's very obvious the developer is fond of the metroidvania games of the 80s and this reboot is very well executed."
76561198077025018,Recommended,235210,13239890,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A challenging and faithful 2.5D port of the original SNES title complete with updated physics and textures - STRIDER reinvigorates the franchise in all of the right ways without reinventing the wheel.This game is fast paced and jam-packed with challenging platforming combined with hack and slash ninja combat.Exploring is immensely rewarded - finding points to upgrade Strider Hiryu and unlocking secrets.BOSS FIGHTS, BOSS FIGHTS GALORE.At the end of every level, even sometimes in the middle, you will face against fierce warriors and sometimes learn new abilities to aid in battle.7.5/10 Recommended for fans of platformers or SNES classics."
,Recommended,235210,19285869,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Maverick Hunter X,"An action packed game which lets your cypher do the talking.  The plot is unclear and there's hardly any dialogue, but who needs them if you can just slice and dice your enemies apart?A man of a few words but full on action.  Here we have Strider, a cybernetic ninja hero out to save the day but has nothing to say.The plot is kind of vague, but it seems to be that he's come to a people's democratic republic of tyranny kind of country with an assignment to kill someone.With eye-popping graphics, intuitive controls, fast-paced gameplay, and sheer badassery, you can't go wrong with Strider."
,Recommended,235210,9224554,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,arbor day,"The map is horrible when it comes to navigating your way around the inter-connected levels.Explosive Kunai can cheese 99% of the bosses and enemies with no problems at all.Strider is totally amazing, and well worth the full fifteen dollars. If it's on sale, you'd be an idiot not to pick it up if you enjoy this style of game.It's a Metroidvania-Lite, if that makes sense. Combat is melee heavy, and lightning fast, while keeping tight and responsive controls. While you can do some exploring and back tracking to find hidden POW symbols (which unlock concept art, lore, or bonus modes such as survival challenges), or upgrades to add to your health and such, doing so is rather tedious given the horrible game map. The map is split up into sections that it wants to send you down in a linear fashion. Rather than showing you the full thing at once such as in Super Metroid or Symphony of the Night. You can unlock a type of fast travel, but the fast travel points don't tell you what they connect to, or show you a logical route around the city.Aside from that complaint, I really don't have anything bad to say. The music is amazing, and is a perfect mix of new and retro, blending in some of the classic tracks from the NES version of the game, while not over powering the soundtrack with chiptune nonsense. The voice acting is over the top, to play to the B-Movie vibe the story and world has, and fits great.The boss fights are the main attraction, and there are many of them. Each one is memorable, and unique. Often your reward for defeating a boss is an upgrade, such as a new ability, or a new beam type... I mean, a new plasma type for your blade.The game shouldn't take more than five hours or so if you just go through it without much exploring, and veteran action gamers will want to play on hard mode. The game is generous with checkpoints and stations that refill your life, so you won't be set back very far if you die.I should note that I have managed to climb into the walls of the map at one point. At first I thought I had found a hidden area, but that wasn't the case. I was stuck, and had to reload my game.On that note, it can only have one single player game saved at once, which is a big problem if you share your computer or want to have a run going on normal and hard at the same time.While I hope some patches address the minor issues it has, I really can't recommend this game enough if you enjoy things like Super Metroid, Guacamelee, and Symphony of the Night.edit:I thought of a few more complaints I had but it's nothing big. It's annoying that once you get a new plasma type for your sword, which act as keys for certain types of doors, that you have to switch the blade type to open the door. I wish I could just attack it and have it open. It's a tedious step that doesn't really need to be there. Granted, it's super fast and easy to change types (D-pad) but if I'm fighting guys and using the ice sword, I don't want to have to change to gravity sword just to open a door.Also, the sword swings as fast as you hit the button, except for the gravity sword. That shoots out a little projectile that loops around when you attack, and you can only have two out at once. If you have two out, you can't attack at all. It should let me swing my sword, just not shoot out another thing. It makes using it feel like a liability rather than something I would want to do.That being said, I feel like I have been exploring my♥♥♥♥♥off, and the maps still show my item collection at like 80% or so for most of them. That's pretty cool."
,Recommended,235210,11226005,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Stolko,"Ninja cyborgs are pretty coolmetroidvanias are pretty coolgood graphics are pretty coolgood gameplay (both combat and platforming) is pretty coolOverall I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I bought this game because I want capcom to go under since they killed Megaman and Devil May Cry, but they hit the nail on the head for this game. 10/10 would take on a date with."
76561197989591609,Recommended,235210,11265053,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Captain Slingshot,"This game is fast, fun, and frantic! If you like modern side-scrollers, this is bees knees. This is how they should be made. The levels feel very open and the pathing is very natural. The combat is fluid, and the character... well, he's Strider, what more do I need to say? Now, if only someone remade Kid Chameleon!"
,Recommended,235210,9188244,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Pomolock,Strider is a fantastic game if you like the Metroid-Vania style of gameplay.  Some Ninja Gaiden skill require.
,Recommended,235210,11280197,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,huffadopolis,"This reboot of the Strider video game is a metroidvania with tight controls, varied ways to attack (most of which you unlock by finding them in the world ala Metroid) and within 10 minutes I was feeling like a total badass and I love it.edit: you can climb along most vertical/horizontal surfaces to find secrets, get the drop on enemies, or just because you can, right from the start"
,Recommended,235210,16774485,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Illusion PlayHome,"Do You like to play as Zero in the Megaman Series?Do You ever wish that You could play as Zero with fluid and blitzkrieg movements?Well look no more further, buy and play this game as soon as possible!!Its like a combination of Megaman and Sonic with a mixture of simple puzzles here and thereYou might think its repetitive but its not, the gameplay is solid with engaging BGMsNothing beats a classic they say =)"
,Recommended,235210,9188505,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Travakh,hyper combo finishkostrider hiryu win
,Not Recommended,235210,9200060,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,the.timas,"2.49 would be an acceptable price for this. If the tag metroidvania brought you here don't bother. Castlevania Symphony of the Night is twice the game this is and 5 dollars cheaper. The whole time I felt like I was looking at a puddle. I started at one of the shallow edges, and then got my feet wet.  Then as soon as I got in I am back out of it. Terribly shallow, and unsatisfying. Wait for a sale on this or avoid it even if your a fan of strider or metroidvania games."
,Not Recommended,235210,9221871,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,SuperBeatBoy,"Very derivative and dull. Metroidvania, very bland level design and generic enemies. Killing enemies is pointless, game is super easy thanks to the over abundance of health pick ups. Not the Strider i was looking for! PANTS!"
76561198009590728,Not Recommended,235210,9199585,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Iley,"Edit: One month later the game was patched! Its a good game that aparently needed one more month of beta testing.It is really hard to make any progress in this game becuase most of the save points apear to be checkpoints that are wiped as soon as you are forced close the game becuase it freezes randomly every 10-30 mins of play time. So if you enjoy  figting that boss again and again, that room full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t armor guys for the 4th time, or just love how the games music is so awsome while you look at Strider stuck forever in mid air buy this."
,Not Recommended,235210,9199304,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cheshyr,"I cannot recommend Strider at this time.  There are numerous major bugs with controls, graphics and resolution-swithching. The game won't run full-screen at all on my system (a modern PC with an nVidia 760 GPU), and the system requirements are absurdly high for a simple platform game.  64-bit and Direct X 11? For what? There are no features in this game that require anything close to that level of tech.If, like me, you leapt before you looked, there is some hope. Checkout the ""Borderless Gaming"" group here on Steam for a solution to the resolution issues. It solved most of my problems, and borrowing a controller from my Xbox 360 fixed the controls."
,Not Recommended,235210,9191853,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mary,!!WARNING!!DirectX 11 ONLY make sure you're GPU support dx11
76561198082459683,Recommended,235210,9253000,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Furystrikez,This game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥rock hard!Thats how good it is.
,Recommended,235210,9204119,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,JT.,"implement a save button or indicate with words when is the game saved!!!!! now i gotta replay the half the chapter thanks to no auto save indication!! but still, GOOD GAME!"
,Recommended,235210,11300685,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,JaykePhoenix,Its like Strider grew up into a Metroid game in the best way possible.
76561197995846579,Recommended,235210,11367622,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Raw Butter,It's like Super Metroid with ninjas.Crisp controls and fast action with a lot of variety. Easily the best platformer I've played this year.
76561198013596744,Recommended,235210,9188052,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Tractorracer,This game is
76561198073270328,Recommended,235210,9559997,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,"an absolutely classic remake... make no mistake!yes it was plagued initially with resolution issues (resolved)and yes, if you don't play it in 'HARD' mode then it's definitely too easy...but I think the free-roaming / exploration / 2.5D mechanic is brilliant...as are the upgrades...a very worthy effort and an essential purchase for old and new fans alike!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5FNPjOY3ag"
,Recommended,235210,9400578,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,☆ Daisuke きら～☆!,"Hellllll yesssss Capcom classics coming back. This game is really fun from whether it be the slick acrobatics or just cutting everything up, it delivers your money's worth."
,Recommended,235210,9802668,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,TAKBonez,"Strider 2014 is a really nice upgrade of previous Strider games. It sticks to orginal gameplay, but has a fresh new udated modern graphics. The game has a lot to offer with upgrades and finding the other Strider's outfits. However for no reason what so ever there is no save files, you can only play one game file at a time. So no saved games on different difficulty levels, or at diffrent points. So hopefully they add that in an update or DLC. Would also like to see either as DLC or unlocking from an achievement the ability to eqiup the Fallen Riders's Weapons as well. Also a harder Final Boss would have been nice, seriously all you have to do to beat Meio Prime is stay on a planet/ball thing and dodge. Use Explosive Kunai and Eagle. I beat that on Hard and I'm a decent gamer. Overall 9/10 for the small issues."
,Recommended,235210,9494182,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Panaxiom,"It's Metroid, but with a faster, energy-blade wielding, cyber ninja protagonist. If that doesn't sound friggin awesome to you, you have problems. It has exploration, cool upgrades, and very challenging boss battles. Play this game. Seriously, like right now."
76561198098446171,Recommended,235210,9588536,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"A fantastic reboot of an older series that was long overdue. Strider is rich in combat and platforming creating a challenging environment.Pros:>Slash in any direction you can tilt in>Slash as fast as you can hit the button>Enemies will be sliced according to your stirkes or very satisfying combat>A wide arrange of tools allow for multiple means of completing the game>A very expansive, visiually appealing environment>Unique and challengeing boss battles for those looking to test themselves>Has a metriodvania feel to it that gives the game some replay valueCon: ( I could only think of one)>checkpoints are far and view often times  do not save after important eventsOverall 8/10"
,Recommended,235210,9592218,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Randlarr,"The Strider series returns in glorious 2.5D and a sprawling interconnected city filled with enough enemies to slice in half for any death dealing assassin. The simplicity of this game and its controls allows all kinds of gamers to enjoy the greatly detailed world and the interesting enemies that inhabit the city.In the tradition of popular metroid-vania style games, STRIDER provides a great deal of fun and challange with hidden items, tough bosses and exploration with backtracking for those just out of reach items you see off in the distance. It was great fun well worth at least one playthrough. Slice through a couple soldiers and see what all the excitement is about!"
,Recommended,235210,9751457,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Nocebo,"Despite my all the fond memories I have of the NES Strider (8-year-old me's favorite game), and of bugging my parents to stop in the Trapper's Alley arcade whenever we were in Greektown just because they were the only place in town that had the coin-op version, I had really low expectations for this game.  Wow, was I wrong.  Double Helix really pulled off an impressive feat with mixing just the right amonts of several flavors of old with new.  The Metroidvania structure draws more on Metroid Fusion than the globe hopping NES game, which means you always have a very clear bearing to navigate the map toward, and veering from that path or backtracking to previously unjumpable gaps or impassable doors is primarily only for finding health upgrades or collectables.  Combat might initially feel a little sloppy, but after grabbing a couple power-ups, it can feel almost Alien Soldier-esque, especially during the frequently demanding boss fights.  And, of course, there's a ton of fun call backs to the old games.  Considering rad everything else is, I have no problem overlooking that Hiryu has some kind of surgerical mask now rather than the bandito bandana and that the new tunes aren't very exciting,"
76561198004230403,Recommended,235210,10337593,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,"lightdeed75,aka The GAMESAGE",lovely game!!!!
76561198014589570,Recommended,235210,9251812,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,inkBot,Fun. Buy. Play.
76561197978657334,Recommended,235210,10006948,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Golgo13,"Wonderfully done! Play through to the end in a Linear style then, choose to either beat the game or explore the map in a metroidvania style. This Strider lives up to it predecessors. It adds new fun to use moves and is really fast. Music is good but I wanted to hear more of it. Great Buy and cheap as well."
76561198015399489,Recommended,235210,11266306,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,vortex,"Seriously one of the best games of 2014.  This is how you do a relaunch, and considering how good the original was, that's saying something."
,Recommended,235210,9969847,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,EvilEagles,"JUST STWIDEW MANG. I beat it on Hard Mode. Couldn’t help but proceed straight to writing something about it. It’s a very well made game and deserves some credits.Out of habits though, I’ll mention some of its drawbacks first.- While most of the combat controls are very intuitive and gratifying, Strider’s main slash attacks don’t really feel as good as they could be. First off, this might be a personal preference thing but, it’s because you’re slashing metal most of the time, instead of anything soft and vulnerable like say, flesh, the sound effect returned is usually that of a clash between hard objects, and it can be kinda jarring. But that’s understandable because of the setting of the game. Secondly, Strider’s slash attacks sync perfectly with the player’s input, in that Strider just swings back and forth at one direction and there’s no pattern or sequence of swings in many other action games (imagine like, horizontal swing, then uppercut, then somersault, etc). While that’s not necessarily bad for something with this much platforming integrated into combats, it just doesn’t feel as good. There’s a joy in executing sequences of attacks in combats and knowing that they worked. Imagine you have 5 consecutive swings in each attack sequence, and hey that guy has only a little health left, so the first 2 swings will target him, and the last 3 will target the other guy with more health, and then at the end of the sequence the 2 enemies die. And you feel good. Stuff like that. But in Strider you just mash your buttons as repeatedly and as fast as possible. Again, not a bad thing. Just doesn’t feel as good.- This is a bit of an irony, but I was pretty happy at the start of the game because it absolutely did not dump a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of baby-step tutorials on me, and I had a bit of time to learn and try out the basic controls before the real action. While a guide for every time you gain a new ability is required and doesn’t hurt, I completely failed to understand why the game feels the need to remind me of what buttons to press every time I get near anything of interests. And it kinda disappointed me. Like when you reach a thin bridge, a pointer that says “Press LB + Down to pass through” shows up in the middle of the screen and you’re like ??? You respected me as a smart person at the beginning of the game, and then now I’m a baby again who needs constant reminders on what buttons to press? I don’t get the philosophy in this one honestly.That’s the only issues I have with the game, I think. Now onto the good stuff.-A good and consistent sense of progress. Strider does not dump a buttload of mechanics on you and expect you to master them all right away. You start out with very stripped down and basic controls. And even mechanics as simple as the sliding tackle have to wait until the game is sure that you’ve had a fair amount of time to familiarize yourself with the mechanics you have so far. Furthermore, the introductions of new mechanics are spread evenly throughout the game, so it’s simply not possible for you to collect all abilities early. When you’ve collected the last piece, you’re pretty much at the final boss. So you always have something to look forward to from start to end. Unlike in some games (coughFF8cough)-Good approach in handling backtracking. Sort of relevant to the previous point. The game is full of temporarily inaccessible rooms that require later-acquired abilities to unlock. Since as a part of the “plot”, you have to backtrack a whole lot through the same few areas throughout the game, those previously inaccessible rooms help a lot in keeping the players motivated to backtrack.-A decent upward difficulty curve. The first part of the game was really smooth and easy, even on Hard mode, in that you just need to charge at enemies head-on and chop them into pieces since the amount of health killing enemies gave you could offset for what you lost most of the time anyway. So I thought it was a really easy game and was going to stay the same from start to end. But the difficulty actually picked up a lot later on, albeit the curve is a little too steep at some points. But most importantly, about 60-70% of the game requires you to actually learn the patterns in several sections and try out different strategies, with each combining many mechanics together and not just charging relentlessly at enemies. I do think that’s a nice touch for an action platformer.-The damn game is just outright cheesy. Overpowered random guy, aka the chosen one Strider, check. Big♥♥♥♥♥kanji on protagonist’s shirt, check. Straightforward good vs. evil story, check. Brief and cheesy dialogue between characters, check. I know this game is a remake of a very very old game that came out when ninja was a very big part of the media culture, but still, it’s lovely to see something cheesy like this coming out to the modern gaming era today. People need cheesy things sometimes. Not everything has to be super clever and about conspiracies to be enjoyable. In fact, I like games that are honest about what they really are despite being simple and straightforward, rather than those that hope to fool the players with fancy fillers.Overall, totally a must have if you're one of those who enjoy the cheesiness of the classic video games back in the 90s. The price of the game is pretty fair for what it offers as well."
,Recommended,235210,9751456,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,golbat,"TL;DR If you like Strider series/Metroidvania games/good reboots get this.Strider 2014 expands the ""Strider subgenre"" into metroidvania style platforming.Gameplay is largely the same as in the arcade Strider and Strider 2, with the biggest difference being the addition of being able to slash in multiple directions. This alone adds a huge amount of creativity to combat, with the player being able to jump around and slide under enemies and slash at leisure. The combat has also becomes more Metroid-like with the addition of Plasma types, which function in very different ways in combat. Gameplay upgrades don't feel superflous like a lot of other games in this style *cough30grenadepackswheeze*, the kunai upgrades are well worth seeking out, catapault upgrades not so much. Options have pretty much the same function as in the Marvel vs Capom series, it feels so great using Ouroboros for the first time. Strider has a dedicated launcher, which is great for creating fun combos, but it only works on the normal mook enemies which is a shame because it'd be really fun to launch other enemies or even small bosses. Lots of bosses with a lot of work put into each of them, you likely won't see all of their attacks unless you play on hard mode.Difficulties are pretty diverse, Easy and Normal aren't too difficult, lots of health pickups and save points should you trip up when you aren't shredding through enemies. Hard mode however brings the difficulty more in line with the arcade titles by increasing the amount of damage done to Strider, increasing boss health, and lowering the amount of health you get from pickups, even the canisters. Speaking of health pickups, you don't automatically get health and energy back when you hit them, instead they burst into little particles which fly to your hud, then you get restored, can be an issue at times. When Strider's on low health there's this annoying red flicker effect that appears on the top and bottom of the screen, which you know what, not the worst trend that Strider could have picked up from modern games at the time, could be worse.There is one new gameplay feature that I really have a problem with and that is Burst Mode, which activates whenever Strider does enough damage in a period of time. This to me feels more like a crutch against bosses and doesn't add a lot to the game. Strider's a very mashy genre, but even this is ridiculous.The novelty of Strider becoming a metroidvania pays off in spades when you realize that running, climbing, and ninja jumping around a level is exactly the kind of stuff that lends itself well to running around a big map collecting upgrades. The map is fairly big too, thankfully no elevators are used to get from place to place, instead performed by the Eagle and Panther Options. Some routes throughout the map are one-way though, which can be a little troublesome if you're looking to collect everything. Doesn't seem to be much room for sequence breaking outside of glitches and the Solo Skip. The enviornments are also varied as well though obviously not as much as previous games, just like Shadow Complex there's a lot of work into contextualizing locations.Much of the soundtrack is remixes of past Strider themes. However because of the multitude of sfx in the game a lot of tracks can often sound like ambience ingame, with only a few tracks that really stand out such as Coup. Coup is awesome, always listen to Coup, otherwise keep the music level high and the sfx level at half or so. Voice acting's eh, most of the original characters you won't pay attention to but the usual Strider characters do fine, Strider Hiryu and Solo in particular sound awesome. Artstyle holds up, character designs not as iconic as the MvC era ANIME Strider. 3D models do present an issue where they look fine from a distance but up close in cutscenes not so much, Strider Hiryu's hair especially. Enviornments look great, lots of weather and bloom surface effects in the background.HOW-EV-ER, the graphics were the source of my discontent with my first playthrough. Double Helix it is nice to know that between this and Killer Instinct you clearly love adding on lots of fancy effects to the game, but having to pay the price by my framerate literally being cut in half is not a great thing. For whatever reason this also carried over to cutscenes where audio will clearly finish faster than the cutscene itself and you'll just have 5 seconds of a character gesturing silently. Double Helix in the future please consider putting more extensive graphics editing options into future releases.Double-check your computer's graphics capabilities before getting this on steam, else you seriously risk your enjoyment by having the game slow down to the point where it will take you 10 real world hours to progress 4 in game hours.Played on a MadCatz SF4 SE Arcade Stick. Only issues were due to plasma switching being mapped to DPAD. Camera in gallery mode is mapped to right joystick.The Strider series has been through a lot of troubles but hopefully Strider's UMvC3 appearance and this game mean the series still has a future. Not sure if DoubleHelix will be making another, maybe Iron Galaxy? They seem to be handling Killer Instinct pretty okay.I just want a Strider with the artstyle of 2 and the gameplay of 2014. Is that too much to ask?Now if we could only get a Cannon-Dancer reboot..."
76561198119808461,Recommended,235210,17927465,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Masterdebator,"a sexy looking, fast paced and tight action platformer that stays true to the original, whilst doing its own thing.straight off the bat: this game looks and sounds sweet, there is almost nothign wrong with the sound and visuals (minus the explosion effects at times looking like early stage work).the platforming is tight and responsive (as it should be) and the combat is fast, responsive and fun (as it should be since you back track a bit for collectibles and story related things).story takes a back seat, but i didnt really ind since the action and platforming an collectible hunting where all top notch and fun.collectibles where actually worth looking for (they arent all that hard to find in all honesty) as they reward you with concept art and 3d renders of characters (that you can read about and rotate to see the details on them).i did however throw in the towel at the final boss since he got a little too crazy for my eyes (he telports and talks alot and spams lots of annoying energy things that are a pain since it goes against the fast pace of the rest of the game and makes you sit and wait to atack him).def worth checking out if you love action platformers (or liked the original). worth full price :)"
,Recommended,235210,9967910,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,A~$TAT,In an attempt to make Marvel 3 strider players feel right at home they made ouroboros incredibly weak and a pointless waste of meter.
76561198043376902,Recommended,235210,9278673,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SoDoG,"keep stuck on starting the game, OR STUCKING WHILE I DOWNLOAD OTHER SOFTWARE!CANNOT TAB OUT ALSO, ONCE TAB OUT, 100% STUCK ON THE SCREEN.THE STUCKING BECOME WORST ESPECIALLY NEAR FINAL BOSS.ANYONE WHO WANT TO BUY THIS GAME, HELL NO!! suck it!!"
76561198069987213,Recommended,235210,11539212,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Weatherreport,"This is the most fluid and free game i've played in a while, it looks great and has collectibles a plenty but where ir really shines is in its frequent and crazy bosses and combat. If you want a game that that makes you feel like a ninja this is it: speed, mobility, style it has everything and more."
76561197999371764,Recommended,235210,11756524,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jurroth,solid arcade game :) the graphics and combat system were phenomenal.
,Recommended,235210,12322376,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Spazzilla,"Highly enjoyable reboot of the classic Strider series. Metroidvania elements, tight controls, and fun combat. Solid game all around. Worth the 15$. Pick this up if you're looking for a unique and entertaining combat oriented platformer."
,Recommended,235210,9297055,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Cain,"So much better than I expected.  Imagine Strider 2: Fast, frantic and brutal action platforming combined with Strider for the NES: Exploration, puzzle platforming.Also the soundtrack has some pretty rad remixes."
,Recommended,235210,11323546,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SilkySlim,dis♥♥♥♥♥♥old school as hell but it realllllllllll damn good
,Recommended,235210,11356435,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,White Ranger,"THIS IS THE MOST ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME REBOOT EVER, AND STRIDER DESERVED THAT ONE. GOOD JOB DOUBLE HELIX."
76561198163419263,Recommended,235210,13142938,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,bigmig5150,"Man Awsome game, I remmember the first title on Sega Genisis. I am so bleeping impressed with what you all did with it,thanks game is just Beautiful....my only fault it seems the character is moving slow, I'm new to Pc gaming and not sure what the cause is from."
,Recommended,235210,13151716,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DD,Strider does not run on cards with DirectX10 even if you Have DX11 installedMoney wasted.Good game :(
,Recommended,235210,9614345,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,lking226,my metascore is 95. Capcom gave Strider a much needed modern twist  of a old character and it definitely delivered beyond expected. This makes up for a new megaman game any day. It reminds me of Orson Scott Card's Shadow Complex 2.5d platformer but better. Kudos to making another one.
,Recommended,235210,11488201,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,AbandonedRocketship,"HEYDO YOU WANT TO BE A SWEET TECHNINJA ON A MISSION TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM A DUDE WITH A LOT OF ROBOT MINIONS, CONTROL OF A HUGE DYSTOPIAN SCI-FI CITY, AND A SPOOKY GOD COMPLEX?THEN YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME BECAUSE YOU NOT ONLY PLAY AS THAT GUY, BUT YOU KINDA FEEL LIKE THAT GUY WHEN YOU PLAY, TOO.Capslock because this game is so cool and fun. Story's nothing new, but gameplay is a blast--think Metroid with a little more guiding, and a lot more absurd sword cipher weapon thing and acrobatic ninja shenanigans. The aesthetics and sound are top-notch; the voice-acting is over-the-top in a way totally appropriate for this game. Lots of stuff to find and collect: power ups and nifty concept art and alternate color palettes for Strider Hiryu.Great game. My only gripe: when I first found the ice plasma for the cipher, it felt like a real step down after getting to play with the flame plasma. Even with the kunai and dash upgrades, it wasn't as fun to use as any of the others.Hoping this game does well enough that Capcom puts some more thought into dusting off some of their franchises and doing something with them."
76561198026873914,Recommended,235210,14945589,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ghouleh,"From someone that doensn't enjoy ninjas nor platformers: The new Strider is one of the most enjoyable, polished, well-paced, made-with-lovve 2D experiences I've ever had. It's a blast."
76561197989952883,Recommended,235210,10198625,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,iiiTR!BE!!!,"Five hours in: in a nutshell•	The good, it’s really fun to play for a few min to an hour or so. The story is fine, jump puzzles and enemy swarms get interesting.•	Expected some great Strider 8bit music, nope, it’s awful. Personal preference, open music and play some Anamanaguchi or Rymdreglage. Anything is better than the OST.•	Could not play on a 60 hz 720 TV without blackout patches, needed to play it on a monitor & it looks great. Wanted to sit on the couch with a gamepad but the desk and pad are fine.•	The voice acting is attempted but nothing spectacular.•	There are dialogue popups that make tracking enemies, projectiles and landing spots tough at times.•	If you’re a completionist, the replayability  is very high, lots of unlocks artwork, side challenges and so on. I’m just over 5 hours in and at the 30% mark so there is a solid amount of game for the $, just don’t pay full price and don’t bother with the OST."
76561198067260118,Recommended,235210,12378088,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ultramanomega,this game is super fun and fast. sadly it ends fast once you collect all upgrades but definitly worth picking up and playing.
76561198028247589,Recommended,235210,12383801,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,♂BOY NEXT DOOR♂,"Fantastic. One of the best metroidvania-style games I've played in recent memory. The game is fast-paced, very well optimized, has a great soundtrack, looks fantastic, and is packed with content. An excellent reboot of one of Capcom's lesser-known series."
,Recommended,235210,9377807,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,PJ Danger,I'm loving this twist on a classic game. Strider FTW!!!
76561197969372390,Recommended,235210,17531597,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mr. nails,"Strider 2014 is a Metroidvania and it's a pretty good one at that.  Fluid movements, great graphics, LOTS of bosses and plenty of hidden weapon upgrades and collectibles throughout this adventure.  There's over 10 bosses to take on, but most of them are push-overs.  While there's always plenty to do while exploring the game doesn't really pick up until the last 30% of the game.  The game is a little slow at the beginning, but that's to be expected for a Metroidvania.  By the time you reach the end the game's set at a fast pace and you're not ready to hang it up.The map system sucks though.  Trying to find out where you need to go to find that missing health upgrade, large hp canister or other weapon upgrades is near impossible.  If  you select a different part of the map other than where you currently are it gets cut off and you can't see it.  Another nuisance is when the bosses are talking to you (for the Story) and you're fighting the dialog is in the way of the gameplay.  You'll simply take damage due to the fact you can't see it coming.  There's not a lot of enemies either.  Yes, there are tons of bosses, but the random enemy gets recycled throughout the game and the only differences are colors.The game is very good though and very much worth it for anyone that likes a good Metroidvania.  Grab it on sale.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,235210,9843043,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mexican't,"This game is so good, if my Windows 8 wasn't so slow and lazy, I would still be playing it right now. If you like the metroid series, hack 'n slash games, or even both, I garunteed you will be playing for hours or even prefering it to your friends. Great job, Capcom. Now to really make me happy, I need more megaman and more games that are really inovative and fresh or... um... Nevermind. Anyways, great job Capcom. 10/10. 5 stars out of 5. 100%.... Whatever. Go play it. Now. I'm waiting. Still waiting..."
,Recommended,235210,23408436,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,HighTidesX,The fact that I didn't make a review for this game sooner is a shame. If you played the original Strider or you just like the character as a whole: This is a great game for you.
,Recommended,235210,9219312,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,☆Showtime☆™,"Yes, it's a new Strider. Yes, Hiryu basically controls just as he always has; he'll swing his sword Cypher as fast as you can press the button. Yes, it's an adventure/""Metroidvania""-style game; no, amazingly, it DOESN'T ruin the pace.Strider is a fantastic game if you like the Metroid-Vania style of gameplay. Some Ninja Gaiden skill require."
,Recommended,235210,23901613,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Deh'd,"Ever played Metroid, Ninja Gaiden (nes), or Strider (nes)? Then buy this game"
,Recommended,235210,24312008,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MoebiusJones,"It's a good action platformer, but it's no Strider.It's 10 mini-Metroidvania levels that lack all the things that made Strider great - colour, precision, surprise, amazing walljumps, great power-ups (that just don't have to wait all game to unlock)...But it's playable."
,Recommended,235210,9185900,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Reverend,"Loyal to the classics with beautiful graphics that still keep the arcade Metroidvania feel.10/10 game, I would recommend it to anyone."
76561198020421831,Recommended,235210,9362808,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bobble D,"The gameplay is really fun.  Mashing the sword attack as fast as you can really pays off.  The art style and cinematics really make you feel like a badass.  The story is predictable, so I wouldn't look for anything interesting there."
,Recommended,235210,18737818,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Slayer Jim,You get too be a Ninja that can single handedly take out all of Soviet Russia.
,Recommended,235210,9206589,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Magneto Master,This is the best Metroid ive played in years.
,Recommended,235210,14016119,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Aldrenean,"If you're a fan of 90s action platformers you will probably love this.  It goes fairly quickly, especially if you don't run around collecting all the items once you get the required Metroidvania progression items, but it's pretty much all high notes.  There are a few annoying fights, most notably the ones involving shifting gravity (your movement keys are constantly shifting in an awful design decision), but it wouldn't really be a 90s action platformer without annoying boss fights, now would it?"
,Recommended,235210,10747903,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,| GHOST |,"Ninja's are pretty cool, so are Metroidvanias. This has both."
76561197990833427,Recommended,235210,11755580,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Shorts,Better than Silent Hill: Homecoming
,Recommended,235210,9299947,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Odin,"I used to play the old strider games as a kid, this is a great addition to the series.While it isn't exactly the same as it's predecessors, it is definitely worth a look.Definitely visually appealing. Gameplay is solid, and the metroidvania bits give it more depth and replay value."
76561197975124866,Recommended,235210,9192042,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,The Long Man,"an excelent sidescrolling hacking and slashing metroidvania experience. Feels a bit short, but definetly worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,235210,13272585,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Matto is a Skeleton,"Strider is one of those games that looks and sounds awesome on paper, and comes out better when it's released. Strider is a side scrolling ninja game that takes place in a futuristic world where you have to stop scientists who want to take over the world. Nuff said 9/10"
,Recommended,235210,23906220,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,InVader,"(disregard playtime, I actually have at least 50 hours on this)CONTROLLER IS RECOMMENDED!It actually gives an advantage, which you don't normally have with the keyboard. It lets you aim with the kunai in any direction WHILE running and using other abilities!!! It's a pretty huge deal...Excellent game btw! I didn't play the original, but this is one of the best sidescrollers I've ever played. It's right up there with the Disney's Aladdin DOS game and Broforce.What I like the most about it is the movement. Complex, yet fast, lots of options. It makes running through those long levels so much less boring. Remember how in other games you have to always take a long run back towards the objective after you've explored the level? Yeah, this game makes that fun.Weapons (elements) might be few, but each are very different and further contribute to the variety and complexity of enemies and ways to take them out! Then there's also the special attacks. I sometimes forget to use them, but the highest difficulty will actually punish you for forgetting to use them. This game wants you to smash as many buttons as you can, until the screen is full of all kinds of effects. Quite literally - you can attack as fast as you can smash the button!You might be thinking, that if all you have to do is smash buttons, then the game is rather easy and very primitive. Yeah, for the first half an hour. Then it gets hard. + that's what makes this game special. In comparison, in Disney's Aladdin you sometimes had to stop and firgure out the best way to take out enemies and approach them as such. In this game you go full nuts and dash through the level like a cyberninja - for the first half of the game. Then it adds armored enemies with laser weapons, where that becomes more difficult to do, but still makes it the preferred playstyle! Run&slash all the way!"
,Not Recommended,235210,24763799,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,C_Lab_Cpt2021,Might be ok if it worked. Tried 3 different systems and didn't work right on any of them. Frequient on all tried platforms. Don't recommened unless you really like troubleshooting.
76561198042305419,Recommended,235210,9184668,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Vhaso'a Amariyo,"STRIDER is a bit of a throwback to the original NES classic with a fresh coat of paint and a bit more focus on the Metroidvania-style of gameplay. You're mobile and capable, and the enemies act just enough that you have to learn a few tricks beyond just rapidly running and slashing. While it isn't a super-huge game, the price tag reflects this, and it's a ton of fun for the purchase. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198061344032,Recommended,235210,9184752,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Evil Kermit,"I don't know what bugs that other guy is talking about but, the game runs 100% fine for me. Awesome game, I haven't like side scrolling games since I was a little kid and this has brought back so many found memories and made new ones. 100% worth the 15$."
76561197998515178,Recommended,235210,9183854,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kaostick,"Excellent game, a worthy successor to the original two.  They game play is very linear, and very fast paced.  Because of this, there are a few annoynces.  While controls are tight and accurate, you are forced to use the analog stick.  Not a problem for many, I myself find I will sometimes slide when I try to jump, or not launch off a wall properly.  The option to swap the analog and the D-pad would have been nice.Others have said they had issues with controllers, however any controller using Direct Input, such as the Xbox 360 controller will work fine.  I also had none of the crashing, buggy, or non fullscreen issues.  I should also note my computer does not meet the minimum system requirements, yet still had no problem running this game beautifully.There could have been a bit more polish here and there as well.  Character models have dialog in cutscenes, though their mouths don't move.  That would have been fine in 2001, but this is 2013.  Other than that, the game is excellent, and well worth the $14.99 it costs."
,Recommended,235210,11891025,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,SWEER POTATO,HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP-HUP.
,Not Recommended,235210,21844256,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Daddy's Cummies,"Not exactly bad, but it gets really boring when you realize every stage is the same and the combat is repetitive as hell."
,Recommended,235210,11265548,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SkunkWerks,"Spent many a day hunched in front of my TV playing the Genesis port of this game's predecessor.  6 grueling levels, hack-and-slash, beautiful graphics.This game pretty faithfully reporduces the experience.  If that's what you're looking for, give it a go.  You won't be sorry."
76561197994075675,Not Recommended,235210,9196537,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Omnicras,"This is a game with ton's of promise and it has been fun.  However, at this time the game runs with a very low frame rate on my laptop and I read that other laptop users have similar issues.  This takes away from the experience of moving and cutting down foes at great speed!I expect a patch at some point but for now I cannot recommend this game on laptop.  I wish I bought it on my xbox 360."
76561198046298515,Recommended,235210,13073723,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[DGCT] Hakumen,My only regret is that it did not have Strider 2's art style.
76561198042506529,Not Recommended,235210,9285593,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Grim,To much climbing and jumping. I taught it being close to an old skool metroidvania game would have been cool. Not for this game. This game is okish but most enemies are to damn genric to even remember. I might be a bit tough on it but i was expecting it to be like the older strider games that it goes stage by stage action.
76561197995956517,Not Recommended,235210,9220524,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,llittsen,making this game available to people with only 64 bit os is totally unaccpetable. many of the new titles coming out do not require 64 bit. so sad that theyre in cahoots with microsoft and hardware developers to sell more over priced upgrades. it runs fine but has artifacts on my more that enough desktop. but will not run on my grandsons desktop due to he has win 7 32. forcing people to upgrade when its absolutely not necessary is shameful. the only reason to upgrade to win 7 64 was the fact that win 7 32 would only ultilize 4 gigs of ram so most people dont have more than 4 anyway so they had no need to buy a 64 bit os when 99.9 % of everything out there runs on a 32 bit system.5 of everything out there runs and runs great on 32 bit.
,Not Recommended,235210,10214243,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Game freezes when someone messages you in-gameGame has ridiculous♥♥♥♥♥requirements due to bad portingSome people can't even launch/play the damn thingI died at the Ouroboros boss fight, respawned, and was invisible with the camera fixed in positionThe developer has dropped support for the game after the first patchI haven't even played it for two hours yet, but this is ♥♥♥♥ing bad. But Issues aside the game IS alright. It's definitely fixed the issue in Strider 2 whereby Strider was a god damn wrecking machine and enemies never put up a resistance. Not even boses. It's kept the speed of Strider 2 whilst making combat actually...you know, combat. Not ''Strider runs through everyone slashing like a wildman and they all die''.They've changed the level formula, though. Rather than a straight up 2D hack and slash, you explore a larger map (think Metroid). While I would've prefered what they did in Strider 2, this isn't bad at all and they pull it off effectively. It's honestly not a bad game, but jesus ♥♥♥♥ is the port bad. This is one of the few cases whereby I'l advise you not to give money to the developer. At least, not for the PC version. Get it on consoles instead.For the PC version, torrent it:www.kickassunblock.info/strider-2014-pc-full-game-nosteam-t8792685.html"
,Recommended,235210,33493946,Posted: 12 July,all,GG7,"played it before on xbox one. very good metroidvania styles game. lots of items to collect, good gameplay that challenges you and does not get stale. the story is simple enough that it does not get in the way and it can be played with pretty much anything, but i would reccommend a gamepad. solid game to buy for $15 and even better when its on sale."
,Recommended,235210,14169357,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fatherboxx,"You are a ♥♥♥♥ing ninja sliding off giant killer robots!Of course, bad level design and enemies that exist only to annoy you by kicking your♥♥♥♥♥from the ceilings do their worst to sour the taste. And framerate loves to die when water gets on the screen.But still, you are a ninja in a cyberworld!"
,Not Recommended,235210,9262798,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Polly,"http://bossdungeon.com/review-strider/- Full review.Strider is a game that gets off on the right foot in a lot of cool ways. Fantastic controls, high-speed hacking and slashing, and some satisfying boss fights. Unfortunately, it never quite lives up to the promise or standards set by those first couple of hours.Action quickly becomes bland and not very engaging, and enemy variety is severely limited, save for the tiny smattering of larger robotic enemies that are thrown in from time to time. Hiryu's power-ups never really feel all that vital or add much to the mechanics, and largely function to open doors that inhibit progress or hide some shiny baubles scattered about. The exploration part of the game feels largely like an afterthought, and the only things that really feel worth hunting down are the health and special weapon power-related upgrades. Everything else feels fairly inconsequential, which is due mostly to the game's unfortunate and boring combat.If you really NEED to play another one of these kinds of games, by all means, Strider will probably be your cup of tea, but if you want something that's a little more engaging, it's best to look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,235210,9192024,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bestrader,"Avoid for now, wait for a patch. Game is buggy, and will freeze -- you'll need to ctrl-alt-del to get out of it. The save system doesn't work, so you'll have to start over from the beginning. Took a chance on this one -- it looks great, but it needs a lot of fixes before I can really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,235210,9320078,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,HURGHT,"Takes influence from some great games but ultimately fails to live up their standards. There's good nostalgia to be had and the exploration feels really great as you gain more abilities, but the combat was basically something I never wanted to engage in."
,Not Recommended,235210,9216256,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Pipkin,"As it turns out, a Strider game without variety or colour is extremely boring."
76561198116160045,Not Recommended,235210,9188061,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,hotrodtejas,"Seeing as my download of Strider can't go fullscreen and has SEVERE lag/slo mo I'd have to give it a firm thumbs down!! Get a patch, update or some kind of fix for this game ASAP!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,235210,9243155,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,DarkDeadShot,"Piece of crap doesn't even play.  It won't so much as load the menu screen.  I was really looking forward to this, but this is BS.  I want my money back."
76561198055649902,Not Recommended,235210,9208732,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,River5edge,thank you for wasting my 15 bucks. i have no idea how to remap your controlls so capcom has left a sour effect.
76561198003206630,Not Recommended,235210,9284358,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dhelv,"New Strider: do NOT buy.The writing is cheesy, fine. It's supposed to evoke late eighties / early nineties plotlines, fine. When it's so pointlessly ""WE'RE EVIL LOL"" that it breaks all immersion in the game, it's BAD. I can't take it seriously.Then they had a single section that punished exploration. In a Metroidvania game. How stupid can you be?Fine, it's *ONE* place, but even that is enough to annoy me.Also, naming your bosses after the Winds? Revengeance did it first and better. And it just makes me want to go play that instead.Don't buy it, people. Not worth your money. The combat is dumb, the chargeup on the cypher is dumb, and whilst the movement is gloriously fluid and quick... that's the ONLY redeeming feature the game had to me."
76561198066091518,Not Recommended,235210,15851297,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,EpidemicPain,"Wish I could play it and not get a black screen instead despite my pc meeting all the requirements, but thats capcom for you"
76561198120242092,Not Recommended,235210,17978129,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zero,"This game had so much potential that it almost hurts that it didnt live up to what it couldve been. The graphics and art style are generally amazing and i really enjoy how the plasma sword and scarf effects are rendered. The story in this game is quite literally non-existant. The story can be summarized in 1 sentence and that is ""Strider must kill the evil dictator"" and thats it. Now dont get me wrong Im all for the assassination mission style of story, but after that 1 sentence is told to you at the beginning of the game there is no more of it afterwards. The CastleVania genre has never been one of my favorites, but this game does a good job of scattering health and weapon upgrades consistently across the map. Now here are my problems with the game: First of all its is way too short. I got an achivement for beating it in under 4 hours ON ACCIDENT. I even got most of the upgrades and all the weapon mods. The final boss is also disappointingly easy and saying the ending is rushed is an understatement. You beat the final boss then BAM credits! overall id give this game a 5/10. This doesnt mean the game is bad though, its just average. I recommend you pick it up for $5 during a sale, but it is not worth full price."
76561197972018727,Not Recommended,235210,9223582,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,.BAD. Mr.Mofuggins,Cool game with good grapchics and it brings me back to Nintendo days playing original strider. The controls however suck and you cant reassign the keys.
76561198125089057,Not Recommended,235210,11407569,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,art.faversham,"Was Strider worth it? No, The game is too demanding and would not start.11.99 Goes down the toilet whenever someone buys this game and finds out that it wont startDont get Strider unless you have a computer that can handle it or get the X-box version that ACTULY WORKS!"
,Recommended,235210,11093202,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Bah,"Strider is an excellent side scrolling revamp/remake of a classic NES title from the late 1980s. You are a futuristic ninja battling against evildoers in a dystopian society.This game is very comparable to other modern side-scrollers including the brilliant Mark of the Ninja and 360 Arcade exclusive, Shadow Complex. However, unlike Mark of the Ninja, the ninja in Strider does not rely on stealth. He relies on speed and using various abilities gained throughout the game.Boasting excellent graphics and sound, Strider is a very smart and very fun game that I've been enjoying since I started playing. Like games of yore, Strider takes boss battles seriously and you will find a challenge early on in the game when you come across a boss. You must use strategy and learning their rhythm to defeat them. A few of the earliest bosses are relatively easy button bashers, but you will soon run into others that will give you fits.This is a very strong effort and backed by Capcom, I hope to see more of these classic titles remade modern. I highly suggest a controller to enjoy this game to its fullest potential.If I had any criticism of it, it would be that I wish the controls were a little tighter when evasion is important. However, that could be more down to my lack of precision than the game itself.If you enjoy side-scrolling action games that remind you of the great games of yesterday or even if you're too young to remember and just enjoy an action challenge, Strider could be your ticket to fun. I'm 3 hours in and only 10% complete, so I'm hopeful that there's plenty more hours to come in this very fun game."
76561197970847024,Not Recommended,235210,13898747,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bored!!!!,Suggest you DO NOT buy this unless you like REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥checkpoint positioning.  ♥♥♥♥ing infurating game...
,Recommended,235210,15516394,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Annie T. Mood,"A short yet fast 2D action-platformer with metroidvania-like exploration where you'll be required to backtrack a bit and open up new places in the world with the new things you get as you play the game.The game takes a lot from the previous Strider games including the enemies/bosses and power-ups/upgrades included in it along with its own new features.Difficulties range from Easy, Normal, and Hard. The only difference with these is the damage differences; the higher the difficulty the more hits you need to dish out and the fewer hits you can take, though I'm finding Normal to still be a bit easy and Hard actually causing me to die quite a lot which kind of forces me to actually pay attention to how I should be avoiding taking damage while still hacking and slashing.The hacking and slashing is as fast as you press the attack button which can be very tiring. You can attack at almost anytime you do anything and the direction as to where you slash can also be manipulated to be pointed almost anywhere around you as you please.I didn't find the exploration part to be very rewarding since a lot of the optional things you go back for can only be attained somewhat late in the game and there's no sort of New Game + to keep at least some of the upgrades. Plus there's a lot of strenuous backtracking to get these optional items.I found it to be a lot of fun though to sort of speed run through the game and mostly follow the indication of where I should run to next. Because it's a 2D platformer a controller is best suited."
,Not Recommended,235210,29915747,Posted: 13 February,all,AnarchyViolence,"I love strider as a series and this game is a great addition, WHY DOES IT CRASH SO MUCH THOUGH, seriously the only game in my library that's barely stable enough to function for more than an hour tops... repeating the same boss fights and stages kinda kills the playability. I've adjusted my settings and I should have absolutely no problem running this game on max settings so what gives? I doubt this is getting an official patch anytime soon to fix it's issues?"
,Recommended,235210,19568255,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"A non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm_VvBqJ_lkStrider returns in a brand new adventure, complete with incredible side-scrolling action, and lightning fast combat all in a massive interconnected world! Download the full game February 19th and become the original assassin! - Highly Recommended!"
76561198064068013,Recommended,235210,25451501,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ネフ[レッド],i beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of 3 sisters at the same time with a lightsaber ninja sword 11/10
,Recommended,235210,13035784,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Omni,"The most action packed side-scroller I've ever played, seriously this game is badass!"
,Recommended,235210,9499398,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Paddyrickery,"A fantastic example of how to reboot an older series. It manages to capture the feel of the old games, while maintaining a modern day graphical and gameplay standard. Would recommend for any fans of the originals, and (i hate to use the word) metroidvania style games."
76561198008744543,Recommended,235210,9679795,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,"Fast paced, non-stealth, 2D Ninjitsu AAA game!  Entertainment value is on par with the 2D indie stealth videogame,Mark of the Ninja, so if you love Ninjitsu andMark of the Ninja, you will enjoy this one too.Striders are bad@ss paramilitary megacorporate tech-assassins/ninjas set in a (post-)cyberpunk dystopian world!Go Strider: Hiyru!"
76561198080331381,Recommended,235210,9535778,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Hentai Tensai,"Strider is just one of those really satisfying games. Mashing the attack button to see how fast you can get the cypher going feels so good. The action platformer is a genre that should definetly make a come back. Double Helix did a pretty good job of capturing that sense of 80s action games while still giving it a modern feel as well.But there is a down side... This game runs like crap. It's not a very demanding game in terms of graphics, but I still get tons of slow-down in the middle of boss fights and stuff. When it was first released, the game couldn't run in 1920x1080p, but now that issue has been fixed. Hopefully they'll continue to release updates to fix the issues."
76561197974549844,Recommended,235210,9187440,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,FulhamTarheel,"If you like your 2D sidescrollers fast paced, this is the game for you.  If you grew up on Strider either on the NES or the Genesis, and you always wondered what it would be like if Strider HIryu was in HD, this is the game for you.The only thing I don't like so far is the soundtrack--I think they could've done a better job with the remix of the classic tunes.  Should have been more dramatic with real instrumentation.  Nevertheless, if you loved the previous games, you'll enjoy this one too.Please note that if you're having problems getting it to start, turn off your antivirus and firewall, uninstall and reinstall it, and you should have better luck.  I was having an executable error until I tried that, and voila, it boots.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,235210,9186757,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Modj,Amazing Metroidvania.
76561198060599058,Recommended,235210,9368094,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,nemr,"Ok this is ridiculous, seriously. So first off I LOVE this game. Completed in hard difficulty and absolutely adored every minute. But it crashes like a mother! Origin updated and requested security permission? Crash. Accidentaly opened a tab or went to desktop? Crash. Sneezed n the general direction of your PC? Crashed.Also, it's like an old car that you love. You know what it sounds like, feels like, smells like, and more than anything how it drives, but every time you turn it on you don't know if it's going to actually turn on or not. So you just keep trying.This is Strider. I will sometimes press play and jump right in the game. Most of the time though, it is a constant battle, I spend more than hour on occasions launching the game only to see nothing (black screen) so ctrl+alt+del end task, or it launches I make it to the main menu, it tells me this game auosaves, marvelous, and freezes there. Ctrl+alt+del end task. Or it freezes on Capcom, or it freezes loading the level, or it freezes in level. And guess what? Ctrl+alt+del end task.And let me tell you something about ctrl+alt+del end task. When I press a three button combination, and then use my mouse to select a specific task, then click end task, I really don't need to be asked if I'm sure. Yes, I'm sure. I did not accidentally enter a series of complex commands, this was pre-meditated in so far as step number 15 of this process was concerned. And then it asks you if you wish close the program. Son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ of course that is my wish, when I selected end task I did not expect to launch a 8-bit sprite parody application, I expected the task TO END.SO! Having completed the game, I desire greatly to play it again. And over the past few days and some 6 hours with the game I have been able to make it quite far again! But these six hours were roughly 1.5 or less playing, the rest launching and ctrl alt deleting.Now I fully understand how a multinational corporation with decades of experience, teams of ultra qualified skilled engineers, and a healthy amount of money behind it all would find it difficult to make a game. But I would expect that when they do make a game, and they make it this good, like REALLY damn good, where every detail is thought out meticulously, level design is pimped out in a ♥♥♥♥♥-slap fashion that feels just right, that they would overlook allowing the game to actuallly launch.Mom! Can I have some cookies? Of course you may product of my loins, taste my deliscious treats fulll of love, sugar, and cocoa from the amazonian rain forest of lore, you will discover a whole new vision of the world through them my offspring. Oh boy! I can't wait! Mama? Yes sperm and ovary product? The oven opens only for a second and I see a beautiful reflection of what I shall feast upon in the aluminum lining of said oven, but then it closes shut. Did you try ctrl+alt+del then selecting the oven then end task then selecting the oven then end task then selecting the oven then end task then selecting the oven then end task then selecting the oven then end task then sele- then abruptly getting prompt after prompt asking you if you want to end task then selecting that yes indeed this was your intention then asking if you wish to close the program then selecting that indeed yest this is your desire? Yes mother I have. I've done this a thousand times already.Oh-oh-oh-oh sweet child of mine, try it again. Hey mama? Yes result of unshielded night of passion? Can I shoot you in the face? It would make feel oh so much better! No young placenta abandoner, you may not. Ok mama, I love you. I love you too my child who looks like his father who cheated on me with Lana, who was really Larry, from Thailand.And now I shall bid you all adieu as I return to my infinite loop of launch trials and ctrl alt deleting and constantly praying for Capcom to put out an update to fix this before I have children of my own in the next fifteen to twenty years.Also my system can handle the game. Two GTX 690's and lots of other things in the box I use to compensate for having a very small manhood dictate as much.Take care, and always wear underwear."
76561198006917969,Recommended,235210,10085858,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,TitanicSage,"I wanted to wait until I beat the game to write this review; but I can't. It is just too much fun. The negative reviews baffle me. The combat is lightning fast and going through areas to get collectibles is simple because as you advance through the game, short cuts in the previous levels become available via your new gear. Maybe it is because I never experienced sidescrolling platformers like old school metroid or the old Strider. This game rocks. I guess negative reviewers fall into the catagory of people whos life long dream wasn't to be a ninja with an elementally infused plasma sword and laser companions? If that doesn't sound like the most fun thing then go. Just go."
,Recommended,235210,11468299,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,HAIIAMFISH,"♥♥♥♥ING AMAZINGYOU CAN FLIPAND EXUCUTE ENEMIES AFTER TOSSING THE IN THE AIRMETROIDVANIA!!!!!!!!!!UNLOCKABLE SKINSAMAZIN GRAAAAAAAPHIIIICSSSSSthe platforming is a bit weird, BUT WE CAN LOOK PAST THATAIJBGAKJGBAISGBNSAGKNASLGAS4215412352136134/10"
,Recommended,235210,9299309,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Momori,"This is an amazing modern adaptation of a cassic, 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,235210,10828944,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BrandX,"Although I have not played the original strider games, Strider (2014) was a refreshing game to play this year.The game has extremely smooth control and fast action gameplay, which makes it an extremely crazy game when there are a lot of enemies. Stider, being the ninja that he is, has a ton of crazy ways to get around so you'll feel like you ARE him.The one thing I've noticed about this game, is that it feels like an extremely fast version of Metroid. The map system is extremely familiar, it has a similar power up system, similar exploration and similiar item hunt. That is not a bad thing though, that makes the game even better! It's basically metroid with a super fast ninja main character instead!The only con that I could say is that unless you play on Hard difficulty, the game is pretty easy.Overall, it's a fantastic experience and I highly recommend it. Double Helix did a fantastic job on bringing strider to the modern day."
,Not Recommended,235210,13690963,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zhengyifeng,game is good. but terrible usb controller support. so the experience is terrible.
,Recommended,235210,15993291,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nebula Punk,"One of the best 2D sidescrollers in years. Everything about the game oozes style from the awesome character design to the futuristic dystopian city. If you like ninjas or action games, this game is a must-own.Pros:-Lots of unlockables from multicolored suits (that each come with a backstory) to concept art-Giant metrovania style levels with plenty of secret areas that can only be unlocked once you gain new power-ups-Lots of unlockable powers keeping the game feeling fresh as you feel your character get stronger all the way through-Fast, responsive inputs. You attack as fast as you can push the button-Good lenghty game. As of this review I've got 8 hours in and only about half the game is completeCons:-Repetitive enemies-Costumes are only palate swaps-Not enough awesome bosses like the first Snake-Dragon boss.Verdict: BUY IT. This is a very polished, fun game."
,Recommended,235210,16688234,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"I wonder why they didn't simply call it Ninja Gaiden for PC.This would have been a great successor to the great Ninja Gaiden game that was on Nintendo back in the days :DIf you liked Ninja Gaiden, this game is a must have ;)"
,Recommended,235210,16912688,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Future Hendrix,10/10 would get arthiritis again.
,Recommended,235210,16638692,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,gully foyle,"great action, great fun!"
76561198027887742,Recommended,235210,9260099,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ghoul,Great remake of an old school game!!
76561198023026059,Recommended,235210,9186599,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kenobi,"Come on now, it's Strider - Classic cool. You play superfast slicey ninja Hiryu, and run around like a cracked-out squirrel, cutting robots to bits while exploring the interconnected gameworld and collecting powerups ala Metroid. The game mostly sticks to its arcade/Genesis roots, so it's more action game than open world, but there is a bit of seaching and backtracking like in the NES version. The soundtrack is made up of revamped themes from the original games, so if you are into that like I am, bonus. Long story short, if you you are a fan of the old Strider games, you should pick this one up."
,Recommended,235210,9186375,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,hiromu656,"A great action side scroller. Plays much faster than the original and looks fantastic. I'm only early into the game playing on the hardest difficulty, and it's giving me quite a challenge. Very well made game with a great price."
76561197971212170,Recommended,235210,9186660,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Molman,Excellent reboot of an old classic. Swift smooth execution. Really nice HD backdrops. Quality action game with upgrades and backtracking similar to metroid/castlevania.
,Recommended,235210,9185654,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Liue,"this game is awesome!but unfortunatly i purchased without reading requirments... and im running it on boot camp :/didnt realize it was directX11 only... made me so sad and i tried so hard to make it work but i keep getting ""could not create D3d device"" error msg.still recommend beacause strider/doublehelix :P"
,Recommended,235210,14594838,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,dipnlik,Bom Metroid com combate bacana
,Recommended,235210,13670950,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,what new strider game
,Recommended,235210,18176993,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Alopis,Great remake! I always loved the art style of this game. They did a great job remaking this title.
76561198086284705,Not Recommended,235210,11983616,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tier1_Badger,"Not recommended.The game itself is pretty boring.The variety of enemies is pretty small (later enemies are just recolored versions of their weakier early counterparts)Tries to emulate a Metroid/Castlevania feel, but fails miserably.The story is really week and does not even have an intro cutscene or something to explain what is going on.You will spend most of you time following the arrow that tells you where you have to go, all the time, while tapping the attack button, ocassionally swtching blades to match enemy targets (this mechaninc is introduced very late in the game and is annoying as ♥♥♥♥)Don't worry  though, the game only lasts for about 5 or 6 hours, even if it's your first time playing it.For replayability, it relays HEAVILY on collectibles...which are totally useless."
,Recommended,235210,9233935,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,GITGUDZILLA,Excellent Metroidvania style modern take on Strider with a brilliant soundtrack and some really great little nods to the older games that give the impression that the devs are real fans of the series. Some rough edges such as no mouth movement during cut sequences but otherwise a well crafted game that is well worth a look and a ton of fun to boot!
76561198019696234,Recommended,235210,10057044,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,marmalada180,"Great game, lots of fun, decent amount of challenge when the difficulty is set to hard and in general just a very cool game. Its a great feeling to slice through enemies like mince meat with Hiryu's sword. Some backtracking involved once you gain further upgrades deeper into the game. Took me on hard, about 6-7 hours (including backtracking) to complete. Game runs smoothly but make sure you check the system requirements to be certain that you can actually run this. Highly replayable and critically underrated game."
76561198088187969,Recommended,235210,9185428,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Retro Warrior,"This game  has been removed from it's time capsule & has been given a brilliant modernization  while keeping the vintage flavor intact!!!  Now if Capcom would return it's 1987's ""Black Tiger""  with a modern style,but we can dream!!YES! I RECOMMEND THIS GAME !"
,Not Recommended,235210,35324941,Posted: 29 September,all,GusDeCooL,"buggy. there is floor plan that we can destroy using skill from boss. So basically suddenly the floor plan shown again and i below it, make me trapped can't continue the game. Well the only options i have is quit the game and load again. Guess what? this game only save game when you reach at certain location, like a computer. I've been missing this save computer on my journey most of the time and when i reload i need to repeat kill the last 3 bosses.Thanks, but i'm not gonna do it again."
,Recommended,235210,9187202,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Coxon,chop le chopmcsliceA++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,235210,9189172,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Doctor Gadget,"An incredible action game that brings me back to the old Megaman X and Metrovania days.It does what old games could not featuring improved technology and physics giving it an incredible amount of responsiveness and feeling.The exploration adds a lot of fun and whenever your stuck there is always somewhere else you can go.I would strongly suggest this to people who enjoy games such as Castlevania, Devil May Cry and who want to have their skill tested on harder difficulties."
,Recommended,235210,9189289,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,[VT] Nit,"For $15 you get an amazing game!  It's Metroid X Ninjas in high speed slash n dash combat! Something in your way? Well it won't be for long! With upgradable skills, hidden collectibles, challenge modes, and a gigantic map Strider really lets players get a $60 experience for 1/4 the price!  BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,235210,9190960,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Zep Gaming,"I haven't owned or played any Strider game yet but I have a little idea of what it is from Marvel vs. Capcom 1. Feels like a good side-scroller, a little linear but gives you a lot of action.COMBAT: Combat looks hectic, but surprisingly its very easy to get into, and so far it's not being too repetitive. Too bad there's no combo counter somewhere...LEVELS: Traversing levels feels like a huge puzzle. You can stick to walls and ceilings, smash down or slide through grates, but there are a lot of unexpected traps and you'll have to find ways to either avoid or disable them. It's good fun, but could sometimes get a little frustrating when throwing a few enemies on the side.GRAPHICS: I just don't get why there's not enough graphics settings to toy around with, with a few of the characters rendered like something from 2009 up-close, even when all settings are maxed.SOUND: Not the best, but not bad either. Arcadey-style music and sounds fit in nicely. Voice acting sounds generic, though. Also note that the subtitles occupy 1/5 of the bottom of your screen (even at 1600x900 resolution), so you might want to disable them.Very few flaws, but at this price, it's still a good buy.  Grab it during a sale or not - you won't be disappointed.RECOMMENDED***EDIT*** Might I add that I preordered this game and checked out the artbook - it's not the usual awesome artbooks that Capcom used to have with Udon, and it did not even give a behind-the-scenes look towards the art of the game. What a disappointing addition to such a good game."
,Recommended,235210,9191087,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"I had some problems running this game on my HTPC, but it runs ok on my gaming rig. It is a little buggy, hopefully it gets patched soon.If you like Metroidvania style games this is a good one."
76561198008619080,Recommended,235210,9191942,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Automator,Game Kicks♥♥♥♥♥!! The Controls are butter and the pace is super fast! very enjoyable!! pick this one up!!!!
,Recommended,235210,9192286,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Jenniphurr,"Wow was a fantastic game! This game works great and for one reason alone, it uses the Metriod style formula for gameplay! Everything feel's great about Strider! Gameplay fast and clean, huge maps, and upgrades. You will not be displeased about this game if you 2.5D style action platformer games.So shudd-up and give em' your money!~!"
,Recommended,235210,9200035,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,IvAnDur,"Light exploration elements, tight and fast-paced combat, and challenging platforming are what you can expect from this game. If you liked previous Strider games, you'll like this game. If you like challenging action-platformer games, you'll like this game. Did I mention that this game is gorgeous?"
76561198059742542,Recommended,235210,9201678,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,D@rthG@rth,"The 80's reborn! Bigger! Better! Brighter! Faster! Absolutely beautiful and painstakingly accurate reboot of an epic franchise.  Everything a nostalgic 80's Strider fanboy (fanperson?) nutcase could want is in this eye-popping package.  From the cypher, to the music, to the angle of Hiryu's run, it is all here in vibrant HD wonderificness.  Slash, dash, and bash through beautiful Kazakh City while you seek to destroy the almighty Meio and his mechanical minions.  Buy it. Play it. Love it. Do it all again the next day.  You will NOT be disappointed.  Though if you are, you're clearly suffering from a disfiguring case of sadimus no-funicus, and must seek immediate medical attention.  Seriously. Just buy this dang thing."
,Recommended,235210,9201932,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,tallgeese,Pretty solid game reminiscent of the original Strider mixed with Metroidvania elements. Very fun with good replay value.
,Recommended,235210,9206289,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,A Foolish Samurai Warrior,yeh this totally worth it for a good metroid vania
76561198025514459,Recommended,235210,9197775,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bender Sama,"I've been a HUGE fan of Strider for a LONG time. I have both Arcade titles, the Genesis Arcade port, and the NES title. This series is super special to me, so if this was a bad game I'd be really sad. Fortunately, this game is exactly what I've always wanted, a modernized, epicly scaled Strider game. I cannot recommend it enough!!"
76561198120706513,Recommended,235210,9198213,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,dig_ut,why does it say that the game has full controller support when in reality it doesn't! I have a computer with three gamepad and none of them work with the game! what a load of rubbish! Will some kind of update or patch be released to correct the situation?  And in the meantime stop advertising the full controller support because it doesn't have any!!
,Recommended,235210,9198229,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,MarkTenchiSilva,"If you like Strider then this is probably the best Strider so far. If you haven't played Strider, this is a good way to start. I'm not going to write a detailed review because I feel that you can look at the game in a trailer or youtube video and know right away if it's your kind of game. It's definitely fun and worth the 15 dollars."
,Recommended,235210,9198254,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,G13M,OH HELL YES
,Recommended,235210,9203083,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Diorik,This is everything I could have asked for out of a direct translation of 90's gaming.
,Recommended,235210,9204743,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Striderxdj,"Excellent side scrolling platformer with gameplay similar to Super Metroid and Symphony of the Night. Hard difficulty is not really that difficult, save for a few bosses and Meio's tower at the end of the game, where the difficulty gets ramped up considerably and out of nowhere. Tracking down collectibles is somewhat painstaking. One of the achievements (Didn't miss a beat) is very late in the game and you only get one shot at it, which is kind of ridiculous."
76561197987612545,Recommended,235210,9204921,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Cronofire,just what i wanted.
76561197970688081,Recommended,235210,9215476,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Metal,"Yep, this one is for me. Plays somewhat like Shadow Complex (from Xbox Live). The game has lots of nods to the previous Strider games which add to the joy of playing this game. The gameplay is fast paced and full of action, with secrets to find, hidden areas to explore and discover and power ups galore. This is a definite buy for around a tenner."
76561198043569456,Recommended,235210,9216730,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CornishGamer666,"oh, wow this was sooooooo worth the wait"
76561198055610326,Recommended,235210,9225014,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,(F1)Foxhound,I got super hyped for this game and when i installd the game and started to play the pace of the game was obnoxiously SLOW i do not know how to fix this problem and it has frustrated me alot beceus ei have seen game play and it seemed to move fine i have tried turning down all of the settings and uninstalling the game to see if this fixes the problem but it did not. if this game was paced well and moved at a normal speed it would be a brilliant game.
76561198020401970,Recommended,235210,9226576,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Quiksash,"Did you enjoy Super metroid, Castlevania,  Ninja gaiden, or megaman back in their NES/SNES glory days? then you will love Strider, a fast action platformer which is the modern reimagining of the NES title of the same name"
,Recommended,235210,9229171,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,WhyIDie?,"Take the pacing and action of Strider 2 on ps1 (button mash heaven with only action and violence between you and the goal), the linearity/non-linearity of Metroid Fusion (the map always tells you where to go), and world/level design reminiscent of Mega Man x3 stages that are stitched together into a single, contiguous world (the secrets aren't ever that far off the path, for the most part), and this is essentially what I pulled away from the experience. I felt it was built with hard mode in mind as the main difficulty, as the risk vs reward dynamic is lacking in normal, and nonexistent in easy.The only bad thing that really stands out to me is the lackluster&generic soundtrack - after beating each difficulty once, I still can't remember any song from the game. Regardless, it's a great 2.5d platformer that knows how to communicate the rules and pacing of its action-centric world to the player."
,Recommended,235210,9243156,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Suzaku,"A delightful blend of all three past incarnations ofStrider, rebuilt with modern design sensibilities and polish.Hiryu is, as ever, a joy to control, capable of traversing all manner of terrains with ease. A steady stream of unlockable abilities, power-ups, and hidden collectibles keeps the gameplay fresh while encouraging, and often demanding, exploration. While Hiryu begins with only his standard cartwheel jump and Climbsickle, you'll soon be Sliding, Double Jumping, and Plasma Catapulting yourself all over the map.Combat has been improved in several ways, perhaps one of the most notable being the addition of aimable Cypher attacks. A seemingly simple change, but one which adds a great deal of depth and enjoyment to the formula. Other additions include throwable kunai, a launcher which juggles enemies into the air, a strong ground-slamming dive (Downstrike), and the Charge Attack, which deals greater damage.Exploration and combat is further deepened by the return of Hiryu's robotic Option companions and the introduction of four Plasma Types (Reflect, Burst, Ultra-Cold, and Magnetic), which can be used to alter the properties of your Cypher, Kunai, and Plasma Catapult. In addition to their obvious combat applications, these power-ups can all be used to help traverse the map.The art direction, helmed byStrider 2'scharacter designer, is strong and substantive, providing a familiar look to the characters while updating them in new and visually interesting ways. Though dark and drab at times, the scenery is beautifully rendered and constantly sells the scope of Kazakh City, with vistas that stretch off into the distance, overflow with life and activity, and often become their own distinct sections of the map.The soundtrack is incidental and moody with just a hint of dubstep, and contains a mixture of new tracks and remixed tunes from all three previousStridergames. The distinct ""shing"" of Hiryu's Cypher and his ceaseless ""ha!"" have been mercifully toned done, and the various bits of dialogue spoken by the countless grunts just before Hiryu murders them are a nice addition. Occasional announcements broadcast by a couple of the bosses can get a bit annoying, but are thankfully silenced after they are defeated.The game is just long enough; a speedrun will likely take 2 to 4 hours to complete, but a full clear with 100% completion could take anywhere from 8 to 16. There are also a few unlockable modes, including speed-oriented time trials and combant-oriented survival missions.All in all,Strideris a strong showing from Double Helix, and a particularily solid budget title. At the low price of $15, it's hard to think of a reason not to pick this game up -- just keep in mind that the system requirements for the PC version are fairly high."
76561198095139966,Recommended,235210,9243887,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Psycho_Ninja_X,"Honestly Ive never played the old strider games, I just remember him as a fighter you could play as in mvc and liking him a lot. This game is pretty badass, its up to par with the old Castlevania and Mega Man X games its fast pace and easy to get the hang of. movment flows really nice with combat and there are non stop power ups. if your in to old school 2d metro sidescrolling games this may be for you. I grew up on Mega Man and mario games, so this is a real treat for me to play."
,Recommended,235210,9246927,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,LA,A gorgeous metroidian action platformer that grew from the old root of an arcade classic.  COMPLETELY AWESOME GAME.
,Recommended,235210,9247660,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Black Cat,"Classic strider arcade meets Super Metroid. Very well done reboot, highly enjoyable, moderately long. Worth more than $15."
,Recommended,235210,9277493,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Bacatta007,"Just as good as the old arcade game, which is one of my all time faves."
,Recommended,235210,9282102,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,the_skotts,So far it's been pretty good. I didn't actually look at the controls before I started and there was no turtorial so I was really confused at first.
,Recommended,235210,9284894,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nathan,I like-a this. You play.
76561198020465870,Recommended,235210,9285891,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,xearo_exe,WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW OMG someone show capcom this game !!!!!! this is what megaman COULD BE. best side scroller in years... this is gaming at its finest... not this whimpy new crap they trow out there.. thank you for this...
,Recommended,235210,9294023,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Highwayman,"A visually fantastic game, that anyone who was growing up with 90s videogame action platformers should play."
,Recommended,235210,9335745,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lairek,Enjoying Strider immensely. It´s got all the qualities of a good metroidvania along with some nice platforming. There´s even some pretty spiffy gravity/wind play.Only anoying thing is lack of skipable cut-scenes.
,Recommended,235210,9336645,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ego,Fun game with great controls.
,Recommended,235210,9196779,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Arcade  TW:@logicphobia,"who can't love this aweomse reboot, though the modles do need revamping they look barbish"
,Recommended,235210,9196861,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Harou.EXE,"Great Game, Definetly worth it!"
76561197994595341,Recommended,235210,9203129,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,KingHappySpoon,Strider is pretty decent considering its $15 price tag. It is incredibly fast paced and every animation flows just about seamlessly. Check it out for a good arcade style revival of the classic Strider games.
,Recommended,235210,9203258,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,doombybbr,"It is a high-speed action game, where you gain additional abilities over your adventure, these abilities are great for mobility and increase what you can do in combat, it rewards exploration with powerups such as more health, energy et cetera,  the gameplay is fluid and controls are precise, the bosses are fun, it has a good artstyle.Now for the negatives, bosses can be over pretty fast and are sometimes too easy, there is a specific enemy that is rather annoying as it hit-stuns you cancelling your charge attack which you need to kill it and it can use this move faster than you can charge, the final boss also doesn't hve his own theme, you never get to hear the full strider theme in any of the levels."
,Recommended,235210,9205831,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,karle,Guess what?! A reboot that isnt absolute garbage!fast paced sidescrolling cyber ninja action.PC version is pretty shoddy and it is kind of easy even on Hard difficulty
,Recommended,235210,9230742,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,( i ) EL TOPO,"While the difficulty settings were a little too easy, and the game lacks any RPG elements common to Metroidvania type games... it certainly was fun to play and definitely reminded me of the original Strider arcade game. Loved the soundtrack; reminded me of long nights playing the original Strider when I was a teen. I don't suggest playing this with a keyboard - some of the gravity battles seem like they'd be excruciatingly frustrating to play without a gamepad of some kind. Overall I'd say the game is worth the 15 dollar pricetag if you want to play through for nostalgia; otherwise, I'd maybe wait for a sale - the replay value seems low."
76561198006625205,Recommended,235210,9251580,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Canxerian,"If you remember the original you'll probably enjoy this as it hits all the right nostalgia buttons with the characters, music (at least the first level), some lines of dialogue, and gameplay style.  If you didn't play that you may not appreciate it so much, although you'll still feel awesome as you stylishly decimate the run of the mill troops with a variety of skills.  You can expect some tough old school boss fights though that you'll need to be prepared to lose to a few times before you get the hang of their attack patterns.  Expect to swear a bit, but mostly at yourself because once they click it's fine.  It isn't a particularly long game, but then it isn't as pricey as most, and is enjoyable while it lasts.Technical issues wise the only bug I hit was having to play in a window rather then fullscreen, but didn't really matter.  Also don't think the controls can be re-mapped that I could see (though the default Xbox 360 controller bindings are good enough I wouldn't have bothered anyway).  One thing that might annoy some people is that the save points between sessions aren't as generous as those while playing, so you may find you have to restart a level where you were happily continuing from a later point earlier."
,Recommended,235210,9253323,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Crunchy Oyster,"Oh gosh, where to start.Well, in Strider, you play as a Highly Visible Ninja named Hiryu. He's nothing special, except for being the youngest Strider to reach Super A Rank (read: one man army). He's on a mission to defeat the Big Bad Grandmaster Meio, the tyrannical leader of the world and main antagonist of the entire series. To get to said Big Bad, however, you'll need to go through Kazakh City, fight your way through his army of Mecha Mooks, defeat lots of cool bosses (including the Ourobouros Dragon- squee!) and generally be a badass cyber-ninja.Gameplay-wise, I'm finding this to have the basics of the Metroidvania genre- open world, searching for upgrades, using abilities to progress through the environment, etc. However, this game is still, at its core, Strider. Expect Hiryu to ninja run across the city like the quick little bunny he is (though the game slows down a bit when there's a ton of stuff on the screen), your Absurdly Sharp Plasma Sword, Falchion, to cleave through basic enemies like metallic butter, and bosses to fall before the might of your extremely fast button mashing. Add that to the helpful ability to climb on pretty much any surface, plentiful health pickups, and overall great aesthetics and oh come on buy the dang game already and experience it for yourself.SHWING! SHWINGSHWINGSHWINGSHWINGSHWINGSHWINGSHWING!"
,Recommended,235210,9253514,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,UnknownHeroSoul,"Strider just saved Capcom!!! well my trust in capcom at least, after all the dlc scandal and all.  strider is a fun game.Strider is an action platformer, in the veins of super metroid or castlevania symphony of the night.  you play as strider hiryu, class A cyborg ninja assassin on a mission to eliminate grandmaster meio who apparently has taken over the world.  strider controls great, he moves fluently and lashing legions of robot gaurds never felt that great.  the world map is large enough, and exploring it is fun and rewarding. exploring unlocks power ups that can give you moves, health or energy upgrades or other stuff such as concept arts or alternate strider color schems which they tie-in with the game story as other striders that have fallen in the attempt to kill grandmaster meio.  platforming part of the game is ok, but it is not as challenging as other platformers like rayman or super mario etc.playing through the single player mode takes around 10-15 hours.  there are also other modes. survival mode test you against waves of enemies with only cetain health and abilities.  there is beacon run which test your speed in reaching one point to another.  leaderboards are enabled for these modes.on a personal note i haven't played the original strider, i played strider 2 and liked it and i like this game more than strider 2.my cons on the game:there is not much variety in the places you go to in the game.i wish this game was longer, with more areas to explorethe voice acting is ok but somehow i wish there was an option for japanes voice (im just used to strider's japanese voice from marvel vs capcom 1&2)i recommend this game,"
,Recommended,235210,9254666,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Knight of Rem,"What happens when you mix the old STRIDER games with some Metroid? This awesome reboot of one of the greatest franchises out there! Controls are spot on for the most part, though sometimes they get all flubbed up, especially during some of the trickier sections. Difficulty is pretty good, you'll definitely be challenged, especially by some of the bosses. Shame about character models up close though. Music could've been a bit more memorable too, but whatever. Highly recommended, especially with all the collectibles and replay value in it."
,Recommended,235210,9260408,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Hotsammysliz,This game is amazing. I never played the earlier ones but I can say that this game definitely holds its own even if it takes a different format than before. It is an extremely exciting metroidvania style platformer where the exploration never feels tedious and the action is both smooth and rewarding! Definitely check this game out! 10/10 Recommend.
76561198025066397,Recommended,235210,9261939,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MikeJonesJaxson,"A fun open world game, but a little on the easy side and there is not much to go back to once completed.If you can find it on sale that would be the best time to pick this game up."
76561197984387305,Recommended,235210,9264554,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,formica45,"One of my favorite games back in the day. The move into 2/3d is a loss,yet the music is aranged from the old which is a PLUS! Still hope for Strider 2 2d when dudes at the top stop the modern talk and see 2d as an art form of its own.Cause 2d pixal is boss and Strider was THE 2d boss with the jams too."
,Recommended,235210,9340078,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,dudeweedlmao,"Best $15 I ever spent on a steam game. Old school feel, with new style visuals, just wish It had a little higher visual capability."
,Recommended,235210,9368203,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Flyingshark,It is a super fast ninja side scroller that is awesome!
76561197968625140,Recommended,235210,9371472,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,rama,"Strider 2014 brings the sometimes obscure, mostly awesome Arcade (and PS) classic action platformer into the next generation with fluidity, grace and sheer awesomeness. The new Metroid-vania elements to the game do nothing to stifle its appeal, charm or pace; and the game never feels like it is slowing down or letting up.Everything that long-time series fans love is here, the memorable characters, the lightning fast and tight-as-can-be controls and that good ol' *SCHING* that the Cypher makes while it is swung at mach speeds. If you are a fan of 2D Action, the good old days of arcades or a main-stay fan of the original series, this game will not disappoint.That being said, it won't surprise you, and is not entirely innovative with its design - So if you think Strider 2014 will re-write the wheel, dial back your expectations. If all you expect is a good time, then hot damn you've chosen the right game."
76561198079760036,Recommended,235210,9373365,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,dorfinalee,I did play this but did not ever get linked to where I could download the soundtrack.
76561198053117971,Recommended,235210,9377444,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,gwfrere,This game does NOT have full controller support.  Steam is full of crap.  This game may be great but is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a keyboard.  There is no controller support you will have to use a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ emulator or mod the settings files locally.
,Recommended,235210,19558273,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NightKawata,"yo y'all got probs if you're running this super slowly I've got 3 year old hardware that's not that great and still played it fineit platforms pretty crazily, it's fast, and there's a lot of assassinationspacing is a bit of a sine wave rollercoaster but you'll enjoy it. It took me about 6 or so hours (2 of those were backtracking in the endgame) to beat the game, and the only thing I really didn't like was just the lackluster ending. It's REALLY lackluster. the final tower is definitely a letdown especially when it's all ""you can't go back to get items."" You'd think it'd be like ""oh ♥♥♥♥ this is gonna be pretty brutal."" It's really not, man. Besides that, I think it's great. You've got lots of room for failure, it's fast, Hiryu is extremely acrobatic and his abilities allow for some crazy movements, as well.I just really don't love the endgame, 'tis all. The world's interconnected but it's hard to figure out where exactly you're missing stuff in the world, which is a bummer. Definitely try it out. I had fun."
,Recommended,235210,17732315,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Apparently Kid,"6.5/10.I was greatly disappointed by this game. A game by my favorite studio and gotten good critic and user reviews. But this game is the definition of mediocrity and blandness. Most of the game is spent running around the same looking futuristic drab landscape, where every level feels the same. You fight the same 3-4 guys the entire game (they try fooling you by changing color of the soldier’s uniform to make you think it is a different enemy…..I wasn’t fooled), minus the occasional mini-boss. There are many boss fights, which is a nice change of pace, unfortunately the game uses the unfortunate trope of repeating multiple bosses. The levels are big open levels, although they are mostly empty and boring, and involve much backtracking. Most of what you will find by searching around is boring concept art nobody every cares about.The other thing you will find is upgrades. In order to gain any health or energy upgrades you need to scour every single level all over the place. You start with the smallest health bar I have ever seen in a game. Don’t play the game on hard because guys shoot multiple shots are once that are impossible to dodge, as you are the least elusive acrobatic ninja ever. All you can do is do a slow jump in the air where you spread out, or just run at people. There is a slide but it is slow, you do a spin first to do it, and you can still get easily hit while doing it. In hard guys do tons of damage, the health pickups give you almost no amount, and bosses take tons of retries. The terrible checkpoints mean you will have to start in areas before the boss and you will have to watch the crappy cutscene again. There is literally no story, and the small amount of dialogue/cutscenes involve terrible voice acting and models that (no joke) don’t open or move their lips when they talk.Then there’s the combat. It is the most boring ever. You literally just spam x (basic attack) as fast as you can while running at guys. The same is for the bosses. You have a charge-up attack that takes too long, and an upward slash that is completely useless. You never learn combos or anything special. By the time you learn a teleportation, or using other elements in your attack, its 2/3 done with the game already. The first 2/3 is just doing the same slash move over and over with every guy as fast as you can while you run straight at them. It became so boring and monotonous that I just tried jumping past guys to get to the next area. You can also be continuously juggled and killed with certain enemy combinations, as happened to me a few times.The platforming can be fun and inventive sometimes. You can climb and stick to walls, which is not common in many platforms. Unfortunately, more than not, it frustrates. It is very finicky and hard to control. There is a way to move fast up a wall, but not horizontally move across the wall, meaning it’s super slow. For some reason on platforms you can’t swing around from above to under it. If you try to jump from hanging below something you must drop first, then try to jump. Many times I would try to jump off the side of a wall and it wouldn’t let me detach. Other times I would try to jump over something and it would make me grab onto the side of it.The worst problem I faced, above all else, was the checkpoints. On multiple occasions I would exit to a new level, and see a “checkpoint” icon in the top right. I would then quit the game, and upon coming back see that the game didn’t save my progress and I was back at a previous level. In one occurrence I had to redo an entire boss fight, and go to the next level again, because the same hadn’t saved my progress. What game in 2015 doesn’t save progress AFTER A BOSS FIGHT AND THEN A LEVEL SWITCH?”!!?! This meant that I would never want to exit the game, because I never knew what it would save and what I would have to repeat. I couldn’t even count on beating a boss or starting a new level to mean it had saved, as those normal staples were apparently not part of the game’s save function.The game does have decent length, and I still BARELY recommend it because there are a few times where the game shines and the platforming is and inventive, or a boss fight is enjoyable, or some of the new powers you get later on, including throwing stars, teleportation, etc, are fun. I just don’t get why they have you get them so late in the game. The backtracking definitely frustrates as well.There are MANY other better options in the action/platformer genre, and use this only as a last resort if you've run out of other good ones to play. Wait for a sale, as 15 dollars is definitely too much to ask."
76561197979579922,Recommended,235210,17919305,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TheBradford,"This is the definition of filler. It is fun to a point, it is not poorly made, and it is completely forgettable. The gametime is only five hours, which is really nice, you can complete it in two or three sittings, it's over before you get bored. The best feature is that the standard attacks are matched exactly to button mashes and there's no cap, so you can hit enemies and bosses literally as fast as you can mash the button. The worst feature is the voice acting and dialogue. For instance (mild spoiler, though come on, not really), when you get to the main boss, he says something along the lines of ""Good, you have defeated all my henchman, I was meaning to get rid of them anyway for their insolence."" So, the man is happy that someone... killed all his employees...? And every line is delivered in what might be described as ""villain-fey,"" a cadence that wobbles around like a drunk clown on a bull-riding machine. This needs to stop, let's have some more respect for our villains, people."
76561197999103192,Recommended,235210,18004473,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SilentIcon,"If you enjoy old school games this is for you, this game in my opinion is really good, because of it's smooth controls and variety of moves at your finger tips. I recommend for those looking for an old school style game to have fun with."
,Recommended,235210,18227381,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ulaxes,"Fantastic run'n'gun action! Tight controls, a very clean and focused artstyle and huge levels that allow for exploration and experimentation."
,Recommended,235210,17914705,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[EGS]{A}Jay,This is like a ninja Mario
76561197972610914,Recommended,235210,13933288,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,shamurai7,Great game that makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥cyber ninja from the future.   If you enjoyed the fun days of sidescrolling platformers where your character gets progressively more awesome as you down bosses and get upgrades then you will love this.For Strider fans this is a must have and for fans of being awesome this is also a must have.If you hate being awesome or you like to be lame then I can't recommend this to you. Go knit a non plasma scarf.For the sale price you sure get your moneys worth and it will burn up an afternoon or 2 if you are a completionist.
,Recommended,235210,17601681,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Bakasamurai,enter the ninja
,Recommended,235210,17550298,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,SharkFanFTW,"Strider Hiryu is a character that I was first introduced to by watching the DEATH BATTLE! between him and Ryu Hayabusa from Ninja Gaiden. Hiryu was a badass, and (spoiler alert) defeated Ryu. So when I saw this game that I hadn't heard about before on sale and recognized it's main character, I decided to try it out, and boy, does this game have a lot to offer besides just a ball-busting protagonist! The story is set in the dystopian future of 2048 in the Russian city of Kazakh which is ruled by the oppresive Meio, a godly being who plans to wipe out humanity so that he can re-build the world in his own vision. You play as the previously mentioned Strider Hiryu, an extremly skilled ninja who must defeat Meio and restore peace to Kazakh and prevent apocalypse. The game is a Metroidvania-style hack-and-slash action-adventure platformer (wow that's a long genre name), where you use your plasma cypher to slay enemies, and as you progress in the game, you collect upgrades to your weapons, your health and energy and even new weapons and techniques. As one would expect from a Metroidvania game, these abilities and weapons are equally as useful in defeating enemies AND overcoming obstacles. The gameplay is flawless, which is mandatory for a game with such gameplay principles, and it is unbeliavebly satisfying and fun. The graphics look really nice during gameplay. When the charactermodels are zoomed in on during cutscenes, they don't look as good, but it is of little concern. All design choices are very good and everything really possesses the grim science-fiction feel the developers went for. The music, while not very memorable, is atmospheric and fitting, and it warmed my heart to hear some wobbles among the ambient noises and musical tones. Voice-acting, story, characters etc. is good, but again, not very memorable. Even on medium difficulty, the game presented quite a challenge, but it is forgiving, which I think is important in a game like this. All in all, if you like platform games, hack-and-slash games, or Metroidvania style games and play for the gameplay more than anything else, I recommend Strider with all my heart. And I also recommend playing with a controller. I haven't tried to play without one, but the thought is frightening.9/10"
76561197971021986,Recommended,235210,17663553,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,uni1313,This is a remake of an old Arcade game from 1989.It's a fast side-scrolling hack & slash platform action game that's really fun to play.I recommend playing this with an XBOX 360 controller.The graphics and sound are great and suit the game.The game supports the resolution 2560:1080 but only in 16/9 - ultra wide (21/9) is not supported - so there are black bars if you play on this resolution.I took me 12 hours to finish - so this is a rather big game with a lot of things to explore and extras to unlock.Replayability via higher difficulty and some challenge modes.
76561198028714052,Recommended,235210,18164830,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,woozy,"A slashing dose of old school fun, this is a solid entry into the Strider series. I'll admit I've always been a big fan of the series so I'm a little biased. There's nothing ground-breaking here, but it is what it is, which is fast-paced hack-n-slash fun with a decent bit of platforming thrown in. That being said, there are some flaws.You're not going to be held captive by a breathtaking and heroic ninja story. The boss fights are underwhelming. Enemy variety isn't anything special either.But still, you're a f*kn ninja.Strider controls silky smooth and his abilities make minced meat out of anything in your path.  The graphics are decent, with some vibrant colors, but the environment variety is a bit lacking.As far as replay value, I'm just not seeing it here. There are some collectibles (outfits, concept art) which are pretty standard fare and don't really warrant another play through to collect all.I recommend snagging this game at a nice discounted price during a sale, it'll give you at least 10-15 hours of good ninja frolicking. If you're a big fan of the series, don't hesitate to add this to your collection."
,Recommended,235210,13950088,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MLG PRO Drumstick,"Its like Metroid Fusion, just faster and with meele combat.A must have for ppl who like sidescrolling hack'n slash games.ate auda ten"
,Recommended,235210,15407369,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mr.GimmickGJ,YES
76561197995357527,Not Recommended,235210,20756621,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,infamousgoat,"This game might actually be good. I couldn't tell. I was too infuriated by the non-stop subtitles that take up WAY too much of the screen during gameplay, and there's no way to turn them off."
,Recommended,235210,9201164,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Calistus,"For $15? Sure. It's a bit easy though, so play it on Hard mode even if it's your first playthrough. [[Update: It gets harder even if you're not on Hard mode. I still didn't have to use much strategy or precision until a while into the game, though.]]This is a good-looking game, and the controls feel good. The overall design in this game is good, and leads to some satisfying moments when you learn enemy patterns and start getting fast, clean kills. I can't make any comments about this game in relation to previous games in the series, unfortunately.There are leaderboards and some time attack levels, which is really cool. The game has a lot of replay value if you enjoy that kind of competition."
,Recommended,235210,20276386,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Anrkist,Best Jedi simulator to date.
,Not Recommended,235210,19850744,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Larkhainan,"Polished, gorgeous visuals with an excellent sense of style carefully laid over mostly boring gameplay and a ""metroidvania"" experience that lacks any and all sense of what makes good examples of the genre good. The game has some legitimate highs, but on the most part the experience is dull and I found myself sleepy as I meandered through another generic set of corridors while another lifeless NPC repeated the same taunt at me three times in a row. The visuals can only carry the game so far."
76561198139530706,Recommended,235210,31253836,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,Ok
,Recommended,235210,13886407,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ranx,"This game is very well done, and a decent price.  Very much faithful to the Arcade originals. I hope they will come out with some DLC, although the game can easily be replayed a few times without it getting dull.Boss fights are very rewarding, easy at first, but get progressivly harder as you go deeper into the game.  The game action starts out simple with only a few options and as new skills are unlocked, the variety and complexity of moves you have at your disposal will make you feel only as a truely badass future-ninja could.Highly recommend."
76561198070973716,Recommended,235210,15192332,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Crazy Steve,"This is one of my top 5 favorite games. Having played the original Strider, I can say that the devs captured the feel incredibly well. It's not the longest game, but it's definitely worth the $15. Even though I pre-ordered it, I would've bought this game for $30 or more. I really loved how it's the player's choice of when they want to do the final boss fight. 9/10"
76561197961741739,Recommended,235210,29752319,Posted: 6 February,all,Pliskin,Full of action.
76561198061786965,Recommended,235210,32105352,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Takin' strides.
,Recommended,235210,26060078,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BloodshotGamer525,"Good, but short and also is metroidvania."
76561198002124849,Recommended,235210,16347528,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,"Can't quite call it a metroidvania, because it still captures the pure action essence of Strider 2 and doesn't bog you down with excessive backtracking and over-exploration.The best Strider game to date."
,Recommended,235210,33463687,Posted: 11 July,all,Mawd,"I'm planning to buy Strider, so I can gift a friend Strider... This game is Dope."
,Recommended,235210,33465305,Posted: 11 July,all,Humanity,It's like the followup to Shadow Complex we never got.
76561197994298061,Recommended,235210,13871019,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mert,Funnish but not great... got tiresome near end but first couply hours was enjoyable.
,Recommended,235210,33888577,Posted: 29 July,all,Lyceaos,"oh my god this is so good it needs a sequal so bad, it plays so perfectly and just feels so fluid and the story is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun, yeah cheesy and cleshe but thats what is so good about it even the voce acting is that right kind of brilliant cheese where they know they are going for over the top and just run with it yet at the same time pretne dot be serious"
76561198092251711,Recommended,235210,33905599,Posted: 30 July,all,toastering,Rockman + Zero (Fusion)Thumb up!
,Recommended,235210,33502815,Posted: 13 July,all,gunsage,"I wasn't sure what to think when I initially saw this, but I gotta say, I'm impressed.  The TL;DR version of this would be something along the lines of it's a combination of Shadow Complex and Strider for the NES.  Still not sure what I mean?  Okay, so basically it's a metroidvania, meaning there are very light RPG elements a la finding perma-powerups and such throughout the levels as well as some fast travel elements and backtracking.It's also 2.5D, which I know doesn't appeal to everyone, but it looks pretty fantastic to me.  Finally, I say Strider for the NES, because that version of Strider WAS actually a metroidvania.  If you're looking for a more arcadey version of Strider, there are plenty of other titles, but this one is full on metroidvania.  It's fun, frantic, over the top, and has a lot of references to characters in past versions of Strider.  A must for any oldschool Strider Hiryu fan!"
,Recommended,235210,13967158,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,IndigoJinx,"If you liked Strider in the arcade, or on SNES, you're sure to like this, it also for some reason kind'a reminds Me of Castlevania SOTN, or Pandemonium 1-2 on PS/Xbox, or Megaman-X SNES/PC (if you never played previous Strider games)  anyhow it looks so nice, you'd think you're playin 3D anime (with 2D platforming movement), if you like a FAST paced  platformer game, where you have to not only go after the enemies to kill them (Ninjas don't use guns cause those are for cowards), but you also must dodge projectiles (this is a Ninja folks, they're tough, but as one famous martial artist said ""The best way to NOT get hit, is to not be there when the strike arives""), you'll also get pets (hologramatic) that'll help you in your' trek... Very quick responses with an X360 for Windows pad... I had this in My whishlist for some time, should'a got it 3 sales ago ☻"
76561197968332649,Recommended,235210,16570330,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Martinos,"Extremely well made, fast-paced, ninja platform!  Run around, jump around, and kill it as quick as you can!  Only downside is you have to kill two bosses to get the double jump, you'd think they'd teach that in the dojo!"
,Recommended,235210,32930456,Posted: 28 June,all,Hornedronin718,90's nostalgia in a nice modern graphical update.
,Recommended,235210,13934017,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Clone303,"well just OMFG this game is like a fully 3D and dont feel like a playformer for it's a open world but maybe not that big but still really feel open world and the fighting is fun and some boss's are hard, really enjoyable and fun and this is you if you like Ninja and future and alot of robots"
,Recommended,235210,11331394,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Morelia,Dangerously cheesy.
76561198195294454,Not Recommended,235210,19512979,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RainbowUnicornLaser,Do not play this game if you have Windows 10.  The gameplay will move very slow.
,Recommended,235210,20172103,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Not a fan of injoker,He stopped an alien attack. A Must-Buy
,Recommended,235210,11056609,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rottking,"Bit short for even the hardest difficulty but this game was worth every penny  and it hase replaying value .RECOMENDED BY THE ""rat""Peace out bro´s !p.s oh you should have controller (xbox with wires or sumthing else ^^ )"
,Recommended,235210,16572053,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bloody,pretty slick.very fast  twitch reaction game.  very easy and intuitive controls.feels as responsive as street fighter 2.great graphics.not much else to say about this one.get it.
76561198137627124,Recommended,235210,25263475,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Swagged Out Snorlax,Great game! 10/10!
,Not Recommended,235210,9187407,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ALLROY,"Cool idea but boring game.I'm reviewing this as a huge fan of the original and this one just doesn't have the personality that one did which is a shame because some of the new abilities fit the character nicely.My main problem with the game is the repetition of nothing but steel corridors. The game starts off strong enough with some cool outdoor vistas but that ends quickly and then you're running through dark gray and brown levels. There's also no mouth movement or lip sync with any of the characters and the dialog bars that pop up all too frequently are annoying and just clutter the screen.Also, the wall climbing can feel clumsy at time especially during boss battles when you may end up clinging to a surface you really don't want to.Overall this just feels like a sci fi ""Mark of the Ninja"" in many ways which sounds like it would be super cool but I wanted an awesome ""Strider"" game instead. If you buy it, buy it on sale. It's not worth $15."
76561198054521209,Not Recommended,235210,9207784,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Clark Culver,D3D error. Game is broken.
76561198030775354,Recommended,235210,9184841,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Pull The Strinks!,WOW! This game is beautiful! This is 2.5d DONE RIGHT (it does NOT feel 'floaty' like other 2.5d games)! The game looks and feels so good that it sucks you in. I'm glad my system is running it @ 1080 / 60fps! This is a must buy!My system is not high-end at all BTW:i5-2310 @ 2.90 GHzGeForce GTX 550 Ti
76561198005079603,Not Recommended,235210,21007632,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"Since I'm pretty tired at the time of writing, I'll keep this review concise.Would I recommend this game? No, I wouldn't. Why? Because, unlike what most people claim, the game just isn't fun. Maybe I'm crazy, but I feel like the complete lack of context and the INCREDIBLY weak excuse for a ""story"" in the game deals a rather harsh blow to it. Adding to that, the fact that the metroidvania tag applied is VASTLY misleading, I just couldn't find anything fun about it.Now, just to be clear, the game isn't bad (extremely annoying flashing lights during ""boss intros"" notwithstanding), but I honestly couldn't find any enjoyment in playing it. I suppose if I have to praise it for something, it would be that it wastes no time in letting you get to the action and start kicking äss, but the fact of the matter is that it feels like that's ALL you do. Yeah, combat is pretty centrical for ALL metroidvania games, but there's SUPPOSED to be exploration as well!Strider has essentially no exploration whatsoever. This, in case you're not aware, is a direct violation of the entire metroidvania formula. It'd be like a Super Mario game WITHOUT MARIO.All in all, between the completely hollow ""story"" and the utter lack of exploration, I can't recommend this game. It's not bad, it's just boring. For me, anyway. 4.3/10"
76561197991284885,Not Recommended,235210,22482832,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Colonel_Foster,Combat is boring and repetitive.Attacks have no weight or feeling of force behind them you just run straight towards enemies mashing the attack button and they explode in front of you. No challenge at all.Too bad because the game had potential.Do not recommend.
76561198062057361,Recommended,235210,9184015,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,petitefeet,"Very good game, everything I wanted and more from a new Strider game. Liquid fast combat, lots of exploration and unlockables, and a great soundtrack to accompany it. Dont let the challange of some enemies get the best of you, this is what this game is all about! Runs and plays perfectly on my rig, no technical problems at all, full 1080p 60fps."
,Recommended,235210,13522882,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Etanaru Edge,Badass Ninja
,Recommended,235210,13902749,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,EliTe,"This Strider has been very well crafted and kept me going after I had purchased & downloaded it!Since it was 50% off I was thinking to myself, ""Let me bring back memories of that old cut em' up from MAME and see how this does""...Let me just say that this was a purchase worth every penny. It followed the old traditional ways and I love the whole system of gaining new skills.To be honest i'm quite speechless. Just give this game your money!"
76561198021757575,Recommended,235210,9185597,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Fun Game Basic Simple!!!
,Recommended,235210,9184149,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ExplodingPancakeOfAwesomeness,"An awesome game, fantastic soundtrack and freakin' perfect control and gameplay! PLAY IT NOW!"
,Not Recommended,235210,35191584,Posted: 24 September,all,banansa47,it very bugged.... dont buy until they actually show some support for this..
,Recommended,235210,9253680,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DUKEzors,"STRIDER is the best plaforming action game I have played in years.IMPORTANT NOTE:You should only buy STRIDER if you likegoodvideo games. If you prefer your games mediocre or bad, go play Orion: Dino Horde.Strider has all the platformy goodness of the first NES installment with a modern-day story-based progression system. The hardcore crowd will enjoy hard mode and challenge maps as well as the speed running potential. Collectors like myself will get 10+ hours of exploration and puzzle-solving to find all of the upgrades and extras in the form of retro-arcade icons. Everyone will enjoy the silky smooth mechanics and gorgeous design.Thank you Double Helix for bringing us a modern STRIDER game that has serious nostalgic value while looking and playing like a AAA title! I'll take multiples DLCs or sequels whenever you're ready!"
76561198044520858,Recommended,235210,10760951,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Señor Sausage,"Love it!, great fast paced platformer. Lots to explore."
,Recommended,235210,9276069,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,sere,A welcomed about-face from Capcom.  Contains many extras that would otherwise be hostage to DLC along with a demand for season-pass ransom money.
,Recommended,235210,9185779,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BadMan,"Granted I just started, it instantly reminded me of the original series. Its a truly great remake and worth the cash, fun to play and easy to control. Have some fun."
76561198070477747,Recommended,235210,9186905,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Simplechoices,"I couldn't count the number of hours I dumped into the original strider and strider 2.  They felt to short for how fun they were.   10 levels a piece, i could knock the whole game out in one sitting.  Besides the graphic upgrade in this new one, it takes the levels out and puts in a open world.  Yes its big, not SOTN big, but impressivly large.  Fast, nostalgic, arcade action... time for a bucket of ice cream and a comfy chair... its going to be a long night."
76561198025637921,Recommended,235210,9214150,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Starchild,"Great game, poor ending.Enemies are a bit repetitive, but the game play is so fast that it won't matter in the end.I'd give it a 7/10. IMO it lacks a continue+ mode so you can explore and get whatever you didn't in the previous gameplay, and also, PLEASE, put Strider Hien in it, I just couldnt find it.The skins are useless though, they say in the description that they use a different weapon, but no, it's just Hiryu with a different color.Anyways, I would recommend this game definitly, but its like a:Done it once, uninstall it. There is nothing left to see."
,Recommended,235210,9216526,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Godot,"This is an interesting reebot. Plays very similar to Strider 2 but with a metroidvania twist. I suppose this is because it wasn't planned as an arcade game like the other titles. It still feels like a Strider game though. You can tell they wanted to please the fans and also make something different.Bosses are very good, they don't have a weak point, or limited vunerability time or any other modern boss bullcrap. Just dodge their attacks and hit them.Combat with the grunts can get pretty annoying by the endgame when you're backtracking for upgrades. Also the enemies could have been more varied other than just colour coded shields.Story is very minimal and dialouge is very cliche (which is just right for this game surprisingly, it really worked for me). But if you're playing this sort of game you shouldn't care.The visuals are simply outstandigly beutiful, and the design is just perfect. They really nailed it!Overall I feel this is more of a spinoff than a reboot, but maybe this is what the series needs to make a comeback after all these years. It's too bad they went with just ""STRIDER"" as a title, if they had added a subtitle they might have kept a few doors open.I would recommend this game, especially if you are a newcomer. It is easier than previous titles most of the time, but you can still have fun with it, and you probably won't breeze through."
,Recommended,235210,9229616,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Cyberosis,"Was not expecting how good this game was. the controls are fluid, the world is interconecting and well thought out and the bosses are fun and challenging at the same time. I recomend this game to anyone whole enjoys good, satifying gameplay."
76561198083174066,Recommended,235210,9231859,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Reepman,This game is seriously addictive! It has the feel of the classic arcade side-scroller combined with awesome graphics. An honest and successful remake of a classic!
,Recommended,235210,9263132,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,KnightEpicNoob,"I never played the first Strider, or any for that matter, but this is a great game. Im only a couple hours into it and its still fun. Brings in the clasic side scroller and modern look together awesomely. I really like the fact that it doesnt up front in your face tell you what to do or how to do it, though it is anoying some times. when you do figure out what you need to do it feels that much more awesome. 9/10"
76561197987985293,Recommended,235210,9263740,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Stupid Nick,"Surprisingly decent metroidvania!It's got some issues: there isn't really a lot of enemy variety (you sure fight a lot of dudes with machine guns) and the level design can be a bit buggy sometimes (looking at YOU, pushwalls).On the other hand the game definitely gives you a lot of combat options through the upgrades; slicing through robot dudes while simultaneously tossing explosive kunai at the little copters firing at you can be a pretty gratifying experience. The boss battles are pretty competently designed too!Also, no QTEs!"
,Recommended,235210,9280783,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,EpochAWOL,"I'm playing through the game on Normal, and am at the final zone.  I really like the game.I like the fact that you have a full range of movement at the beginning of the game.  You start off bounding over rooftops and once I entered the first building and accidentally grabbed the ceiling, it was an ""AWESOME!"" moment for me.  And every new movement ability you get is just icing on that cake.And every enemy you kill restores a little bit of health, so in the beginning of the game, you are pretty much encouraged to run face first into gunfire, because killing the enemy will give you more health than the damage you take.  Eventually, that disparity closes, but the game does an amazing job of making you feel badass.I like the fact that the game eschews levels.  It feels like every game since SotN has made a point to shoehorn levels into this style of game, and so you can just grind levels to make bosses easier.  This game forces you to skill up instead.  Which leads to:Bosses.  There is a lot of discussion in the forums and reviews about how challenging the bosses are, and honestly, I think they are just about right.  For the first half of the game, I died at least twice to almost every boss, but the final time I beat them, I did it while losing hardly any health, meaning that I had learned the patterns and applied the correct countermeasures.  The bosses are challenging, but not cheap.  For the second half of the game, I was mostly able to beat bosses on the first try, but I think that's mostly because I was both more skilled, and also had a vastly more effective loadout because of upgrades.  The only boss that is really broken is Solo, where I figured out how to dodge his attacks, but couldn't see where I was going because the camera kept zooming in and out.  It even glitched at one point and got stuck, making it worse.The upgrades are pretty simplistic, and I like the way the plasmas sort of mimic Metroid Prime's elemental attacks, and are also used to open matching doors.  And similarly, no plasma feels more powerful than any other, so your character and enemies never really get power creep, you just get better at learning patterns and attacking from range.  Each new plasma has its specific use against certain enemies.  And the plasma somersault is ridiculous fun.  Going back for collectibles and upgrades stays pretty interesting because of the few new move abilities and the way they let you bounce all over the place.  The downside is that the game does make you slog through the same levels and enemies every time you backtrack, without any shortcuts.  The map is also a bit confusing or at least unclear on some things, while at the same time it will lead you by the nose to the goals, which was a bit too much Metroid Fusion like."
76561198027985703,Recommended,235210,9287091,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kojiro,"Great fun.  Old school platforming, modern style and game mechanics."
76561197995868338,Recommended,235210,9297048,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Azrial M.,"The Metroidvania hits pretty hard in this, given the unsubtle ways it throws the ""use Item X to open Door Y"" at you from the start.  That's about the most annoying part.Still, they deliver on the promise of a fairly big world to explore that's full of things to cut and dance around.  And it's a Strider game - it's fast, it's hard, it's precise and it's relatively easy to play through in one sitting."
,Recommended,235210,9303374,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Squirtle Durden,"A great entry into the Strider series.  Essentially this is an expanded retelling of the arcade story with the exploration and upgrade elements of the NES version.  The controls are super-tight, and the combat is utterly gratifying.  The pacing is satisfying as well, you move from mini-bosses to new areas/upgrades to bosses at a good clip, so Strider never wears out its welcome.Unfortunately though, when you finish the game, you're only offered the option of starting all over. Without the addition of a ""new game+"" style feature, there's not much incentive for me to play this one again.If the developers are listening a great update be an Original Audio version where the game could be played with the audio files from the old arcade game.  I miss that distinctive ""shing"" sound of Strider's sword and Meio's awesome laugh."
,Recommended,235210,9319791,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RIP Y@'s 6/8 WIZZY,If this game was a potato it would be a good potato.
,Recommended,235210,9325661,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,yukeae,Fun. Frenetic. Fast.
76561198018674119,Recommended,235210,9325985,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Phixote,"You ever play a game that as soon as you hit start something inside you just clicks? Like your gamer subconcious is a sleeper agent that's triggered by explosions and wanton disrespect to the laws of physics?That's Strider.The story is the only kind Capcom is good at writing, the ones with robots. You're a ninja with a laser sword slicing robotic communists to pieces whilst on a mission to assasinate a god. That's it, not exactly Bioshock levels of writing here but if that doesn't excite you than you're a ♥♥♥♥ing lobotomite.The gameplay is smooth, fast, and incredibly satisfying, while presenting many different gimmicks and moves to help you around varied and stunning environments to tackle your obsticles in any way you can imagine, making for a free-flowing world to organically explore, while several power-ups and secrets encourage you to do just that in levels so well designed backtracking isn't the least (well maybe a little) bit tedious. Some boss fights might be a bit easy but they're all fun, unique and exciting. The music isn't anything I'm going to look up on YouTube later but it's atmospheric and catchy, and I often find myself humming one of the tunes.There were many moments in Strider after I slowed gravity to freeze a drone in mid-air and used it has a platform to jump off and slam-attack Robo-Stalin in half as the panther made of light that I summoned ran around mauling his comrades to death when my exploding throwing knives detonated and finished off the rest of the room when I had to pause the game to appreciate how goddamn amazing that entire display was lest my brain implode.The only problems I can think of is that when you are backtracking to get the last few collectibles is that pathways to old levels are hard to find and don't indicate where they'll send you, and that it's a little short (although that may be for the better), but the unlockable Beacon Runs and Survival makes for good replayability.Get Strider, you owe it to yourself to experience what awesome is."
,Recommended,235210,9215687,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sminmorph,"Starting off, this game looks absolutely gorgeous and I haven't run into any bugs, I (Painstakingly) used the DS3 Tool to make sure I was at least using a controller for this game because I wasn't sure how it'll play on keyboard. That being said the controller works absolutely great, with good uses of rumble if your controller supports it.Gameplay wise this game feels and plays amazingly. The combat is fast, quick and most importantly liquid. The only gripe I have is the charge cypher, it feels like you need to be charging it constantly with the ammount of baddies with shields that you need to break, but its somehow different than say, running with a charge beam in any Metroid. Almost all items and jumps are places in all the perfect places, places where it might be natural to jump and the items are just within reach of a charge cypher slash. IMHO Metroidvania styled Strider is probably the best way this series could've gone, and so far its held up pretty well, but it doesn't hold the mysterious charm that Super Metroid, Zero Mission and Fusion hold when exploring a New Area.Sound design just might be my favourite part of this, I haven't even played Killer Instinct but I know that Double Helixs' sound designers are absolutely amazing, jumping, climbing, music and voice acting this game has it ALL, if there is a soundtrack and you like the music from other games like Michael McCann Deus Ex Human Revolution and Far Cry 3 Blood Dragons Powerglove, I would totally recommend getting this soundtrack (Will not question the means of how you get the soundtrack)The art and animations of this game look amazing, the jump animation looks like its been just taken from the PS1 game, as well as several other animations that I cannot remember at the moment. The stages look like they've been heavily inspired from Bionic Commando: Rearmed, which is hardly a bad thing. Explosions, etc have a more cell shaded look to them and it fits really well and doesn't really distract (Unless you're looking at it to admire how pretty the smoke looks).The price point of 15$ made this an instant buy for me, so far it feels like a 30$ game, totally worth it. If/when it goes on sale for say, $7.49 and you like Metroid games or  Beat-em-ups; I'd say you have no excuse not to buy this game.I GIVE STRIDER 2014 A FUN/10"
76561198002181042,Recommended,235210,9222736,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Crazy komaeda,"I have had nothing but bad experiances from old ips being remade but this remake shows how it should be done and if you a fan of 2d side scrolling styled fighters you will love this game. If you think this game looks clunky it isn't it has some of the best controls in terms of mobility and versitility, so dashing and climbing the world is never a problem and opens up so many ways of playing this game. I have nothing but good things to say about this game it is awesome do yourself a favour and buy it."
76561198027845570,Recommended,235210,9228512,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Da Mass Money Munst,Strider is a game that everyone should play it reminds me of the original in alot of ways but brings in a new style and form for the newer generation i highly rate this game
,Recommended,235210,9235789,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Irie Bobo,"This game is truly engrossing... this took elements from all the previous Strider games on the NES, Genesis, and PS1 blended them all together with gameplay elements reminiscent of Super Metroid and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  The Gameplay is paced in a manner where there never seems to be a dull moment.  I've thoroughly enjoyed this game so far and highly reccomend it.  This is definitely one of the most enjoyable games I've played this year.I seriously wonder why Capcom hasn't done reboots of their older Intellectual properties in this manner.  Trojan, Code Name: Viper, Captain Commando, U.N.Squadron, Demon's  Crest, Legendary Wings, Mercs, Forgotten Worlds, Ghouls and Ghosts..... I could go on... Bottom line Great Job Capcom and I hope we get more games like this."
76561198018806197,Recommended,235210,9246011,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kesämökki Warrior ✂╰⋃╯,"How do I get the soundtrack? Also, I believe this is not Castlevania even if it is metroidish so metroidvania is a bit weird tag."
76561197982151193,Recommended,235210,9287792,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jump 'N Shootman!,"This game is great! I loved Strider 2 for the original playstation but lack of replayability killed my interest in it. Lucky for me this new Strider game has everything I've loved about the old ones and new features seen in other games that are familiar and incredibly enjoyable in this one.This game delivers everything described plus it gives you a solid incentive to explore the seamless world you're in (in glorious metroidvania fashion) with collectable concept art work, enemy info (with viewable enemy 3d model), color schemes for your character and PLENTY of upgrades (even ones that aren't essential to story progression). Even if all I had was Strider Hiryu and the ability to run, jump and climb wherever I wanted in this giant world (which has very little loading between levels) I would still love this game.My only complaint? The music in this game is awesome (most if not all are remixes of the original Nes and Genesis soundtrack) and you can barely hear it even if you lower every other sound in the game.9 Billowing red scarves out of 10!"
,Recommended,235210,9217119,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,A man of culture,"This game mixes Strider and Strider 2 together while adding a bunch of new elements to the formula. If this is a reboot, it does the original series justice. If it's a sequel, then it's a justified sequel.All-in-all, this game is a fantastic game to play and I'd definitely recommend playing this."
76561198025631213,Recommended,235210,9228177,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,whatcombmyhair,"Awesome game has a classic feel, but doesn't feel dated. The graphics are beautiful."
,Recommended,235210,9232173,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Phenicks,"If you are an original Strider or Marvel vs Capcom fan this is a must have. Playing as him feels as good as any iteration of his character on MvC and all your favorite moves are there.From the intro (that will give you goosebumps) beckoning the original game till the very bad♥♥♥♥♥ending, it feels and plays like a love letter to the underplayed character that Strider is.The game is a metroidvania type and you will waste away hour trying to make Strider the most over powerered you can. I felt some Bionic Commando memories emerging playing this, the platforming will test your mettle and mess with your mind sometimes but never feeling unfair or too convoluted, it's smartly designed.Every upgrade you get feels unique and encourages different playstyles, the game designers did this right never holding your hand but giving you queues instead.There are some negatives to this game that I really would like to see fixed in a next iteration:-Subtitles are huge and rendered right on top of the player sometimes, so you can't really see what you are doing on some bosses.-There is no way to manually mark objectives on the map.-Sometimes background objects seem like they are on the foreground.-The difficulty is uneven, I suggest playing it on Hard right away as you will breeze through most enemies, but the bosses will really make you dispair. I was stunlocked for 50% of my health on occasions.-Enemy iteration is too low, they are mostly reskined throughout the the game ( there are no fast melee enemies and they are sorely lacking as a foil).-No secondary main weapon though the primary sees alot of uses.Don't let me come across with the wrong message, this game is worth every buck on base price.8/10 WILL STRIED AGAIN !!11"
76561198077583457,Recommended,235210,9241382,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,WightHunter,"I'm gonna come right out and say it... I have never played any of the other Strider games. This was my introduction to the classic capcom series, and I have to say that I am pleased! This game is sidescrolling action at it's finest, and I am glad to see such a good sidescroller in this generation. This game is fast and action packed and it is wrapped in a beautiful, colorful and unique sci-fi package. You truly feel like a skilled warrior while slashing through countless enemies and some challenging bosses. This game is great and it has inspired me to take a look at the previous Strider games. Worth every cent!"
76561198113353718,Recommended,235210,9248969,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,TEMPORAL173,"Western Dev remakes a J-dev classic?   Usually i'd cringe, especially after seeing the Shinobi remake on 3DS.I lived through the buzz of the original, and really only trust japanese devs to make their own games.  However, this team are all old enough to remember the originals era, and have clearly put a LOT of passion into this.One gripe.  The JJ Abrams flashlight 'spectacle' effects impress nobody but magpie newbies..  This could be the engine they're using.  Personally I think all renewed Capcom IP's should stick to the tried & trusted SFIV graphical style.Worth buying at this price, but i'd LOVE to see a format, style AND BUDGET which commands a £40 top game RRP, then see it competing with the very tired multitude of boring FPS' out there.All in all, MORE LIKE THIS CAPCOM!!"
,Recommended,235210,9263290,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Cam,Holy crap this game is fun. If you're a fan of MetroidVania type games then this one is for you. Extremely challanging on high difficulty and curse enducing. Deffinately a must buy for anyone that enjoys the classics.
,Recommended,235210,9309365,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Shingo-Y,"An almost complete success.Everything from the previous games is there.Controls are fluids and intuitive.Gameplay is well balanced.Graphics are really good and 2.5D serves the game really well. Facial animations are missing but its not that a big deal.Soundtrack has some nostalgic bits and there are a few easters eggs here and there.Many people/reviewers seem to complaint about it being too hard : they're too soft to play this kind of game, period.I made my first run in hard difficulty in 10h20 - 100% and my only complaint is that the achievement about finishing the game in normal dificulty hasn't been unlocked which is really dumb design choice from Double Helix guys."
,Recommended,235210,9237248,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,kyoryu,This game really shouldn't be this much fun.
,Recommended,235210,9197429,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dan,good game great action and gameplay not really what i remember from strider 2 on sega megadrive still a ok buy if u get on sale or is cheap
,Recommended,235210,9245423,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Tyrone,"A good platformer game, with solid gampelay and good graphics, however some may find it too easyIts worth $15 in my opinion, and a must have on discounts"
76561198041665080,Not Recommended,235210,29511681,Posted: 26 January,all,Mixsashi C4,"How is this even a thing that a game can get by the QA process like this it crashes on 3 different computers one on the title screen and 2 when the game starts after selecting new game. With threads all over the place on trouble shooting I did not buy to trouble shoot and try a ton of workarounds from people struggling to play. Thank goodness I bought this on sale now it can rot on my library dropdown on steam.Buyer beware,,,"
,Recommended,235210,9263255,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,[HOH] Judge Death,"A Reboot that stays Faithful to the originals!This game is great and a ton of fun! What I don't have much time put into the game on Steam so how can I make a review? Yes it is true but the fps wasn't so good on my laptop so I got it on my PS3 and beat it on there. This game is great and a large amount of fun! Let me go over what they brought back from the past.Soundtrack:Raid (The theme was great and you only hear it in the beginning but it is just so perfect and fits the stuff going on!)Coup (The music during the fight with Mecha Pon in the original Strider which was my goodness amazing)Grandmaster Meio (Surprisingly this wasn't a remix of his theme, instead it's more like electronic type piece of music nothing like his old theme)Siberian Tunnel (The theme to level in Siberia which was spot on and added a creepy mood the game. Fits perfectly)+The soundtrack is just amazing and makes the experience so much more enjoyable. The Kazakh theme is just so great as well. You'll hear it a lot and it is just perfect for the action.Gameplay:-The faster you mash the attack button for Cypher, the faster you attack just like the original Striders-His Famous Slide is still in the game.-Combat is a lot of fun and there are plenty of enemies to face. Though you might have trouble in the first run of the game but second run and you can mow through them.-Mini bosses add on to the game's experience which are fun and great.-Enemy Introductions-The game plays very well and the new cypher types and abilities make combat more dynamic.+Combines old and new elements to the game for an incredible experience.+Game plays like the Original+Brings back iconic enemies and bosses.+The Voice actor for Strider was spot on! You don't hear him talk much but it is a lot better than his UMVC3 voice which was like a black dude or something. He has more of a believable voice.-No Japanese voice setting. (Still fun anyways!)-Can get frustrating but it's okay.As a True Strider fan I highly recommend this to anyone who played Strider in the past! You'll love it!"
,Recommended,235210,9223026,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zaph,"Notice: This review may subject to change once beaten.It's a cool game, kind of feels like a metroid game though, but its a cool game.The game crashed after a couple hours of playing it, but hey, errors happen?It could use better music, more megaman x feeling'ish maybe?The voice acting, man, who did they hire? It's terrible.I still liked it though, gameplay is from the usual capcom insanity, the entire area in the game is big.7.5 out of 10.pros:Cool gameplay.Sidescroll styled, like the older games.Lots of power ups.Metroid feeling, which is fine to me.Big area.cons:Needs better music.Might crash at times.Terrible voice acting.Gameplay Video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFPmMFjXXaY"
76561197992812494,Recommended,235210,9243394,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,soup du jour,"As a long time fan of the Strider series, I have to say, they got this game so right. If you were ever a fan of the original arcade, NES or even the Strider 2 release on the Playstation, do yourself a favor and pick this game up. You will not be disappointed."
76561198032419445,Recommended,235210,10041204,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Jufrow,"92/100 The best 'Metroidbionic'rygarstridervania' since the term was coined with SOTN but most notably the NES versions of the same name in their original series (Metroid/Bionic Commando/Rygar/Strider/Castlevania 2 ? my source for this being myself. Yep. I would also add Guacamelee but that would be redundant).I say that having playing Metroid I (o or 0), II, Super, Prime(s), Zero/Fusion, Bionic Commando in the arcade, nes and gameboy, Rygar at the arcade (how can I still remember that A&W joint boggles my mind) and nes, and of course Strider in the bowling alley where my black chrome Diamond Back was stolen :''' and Strider for nes in my cousin's basement lol. I honestly can't recall having played Strider 2, so some shame on me. And mostly every Castlevania at length sans a N64 one and several of  the newer debaucheries(s) to the series (a la Metroid: Other M and Lords of Shadow; more on this later). So I have played a few of these games. Get this game if these games are your cup of tea.The action is fast and intense and has a gradual - then sudden ramp upward in difficulty around midway (on normal anyway - don't play easy or use a guide, please, unless you pirated it then do what you like - you are going to hell anyway :sugarskull:), the adventuring and exploring are memorable and areas are unique, the upgrades are all/mostly useful and have exciting effects and benefits, and the level of mastery you can eek out of this after repeated plays is high for this asking price. Backtracking is really minimal if you explore around you every time you get an upgrade. The graphics and sound (more on this later) are also spot on and amazing compared to it's predecessors. If it's on sale and you still haven't bought it, buy it. If you already own it buy another so they will make a sequel/franchise out of this. :pSo now that I've showered this game with praise and completely skipped with game mechanics; since I expect that you know what to expect with a Metroidvania, I will lay out a few faults/nitpicks about this excellent platformer/exploring title of the last decade, in my humble opinion. Since we probably aren't going to get any decent Metroid/Castlevania games in the near future (again personal preference, but I hate the new direction of both series into 'epic' tales with lots of cinema ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and boring 3D-esque game play. Prime was good Nintendo... why did you undo the entire series?) here's hoping this game sells well enough to tell a Japanese developer what to go do with itself (a topic for another day...).The acting is pretty mediocre. Strider Hiryu himself is ok, although I can't help but feel the whole affair with him speaking really bad♥♥♥♥♥Japanese, Chinese for the Winds and all the other stuff in Russian, would've been cool. Maybe a bit of personal preference but I like other languages and how they sound and I feel artistically the game would be better served - even if you have to temporarily suspend dispebelief and assume they can all understand one another. At the very least I would like the option for a Japanese dub (if such a thing even exists) with sub titles. Perhaps we will get proper voices in the next game. The dialogue boxes in general are annoying and badly placed, covering the action at times. You also can't skip the short boss intros which can be annoying when you are learning their mechanics. Also, that scientist boss... ugh.*OH I almost forgot this* Very minor problem but at the same time wtf DH/Capcom where are my damn proper D-pad controls? 2D platformer, kthx. What is this rubbish? It just seems silly I have to hack the game .ini with controlls that swap the left analog stick with the d-pad - and the analog stick still barely functions as a weapon swap *sigh*. Why 3-months after release is this still not patched in?One other small insignificant gripe would be the costumes don't carry over between playthrus, so you have to recollect them each new game if you want to use them. Also, no New Game+. I didn't really care but it would be nice if there was an upside down version of the game :) It would be in keeping with the gravity sections of the game. Also longer is good.Also, if you are comparing this to some of best Metroid/Castlevania games in this genre the upgrades and items may seem a little limited. They serve their purpose but are more or less replaced by the next Cyper/Kunai in progression (with the exception of mag = explosive > frost). Honestly this is my main gripe. The game is too short. I want more lol. Now I am being needy. I hope they (Capcom/Double Helix) make another and charge a proper $49.99 and make it twice as long with more content. I like options to my dying and unable to progress in Dark Souls because I'm bad. Metroidbionicrygarstridervanias are usually relaxing versus frustrating, usually. Maybe I'm just old and still love these kinds of games.I can't think of a better way to end this review.P.S. Please Capcom, D-Pad controls and don't suck and kill this franchise like Mega Man lol. I would love to buy all the sequels!"
,Recommended,235210,9189025,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RichterBelmont12,This Game is soo much fun. If you like any kind of Metriodvania style games then this is for you. Its unlike the arcade version but its still a Great game.
76561198045312714,Recommended,235210,9197480,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ghettoskreech,"Fast-paced, tons of fun!  Haven't run into quite as many cool cyber-age abominations as in the original, but even so it's a well done action game."
,Recommended,235210,9217905,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dresh,Great Platformer game.
,Recommended,235210,9306825,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,davotron2084,"After playing it for a little over a week, I can't say enough good things about the 2014 Strider reboot. It's a modern take on the classic platformer coupled with a lot of exploration and powerups- it's Strider Metroidvania style.Be sure to play it on hard to recapture all of the controller-throwing, cursing frustration of yesteryear."
76561198065577732,Recommended,235210,9327421,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Advocat,"A platformer with non-stop action and no time for story, Strider succeeds in being a thrill ride without overstaying its welcome.  If you like Super Metroid, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, or Shadow Complex, you'll love this."
76561198059107153,Recommended,235210,9222184,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,(¢λλ)Victor325,Ive played the game for 6 hours as soon as it was available. It isa very fun game in my opinion especailly with the abilities that are provided for your character. Sure there are a couple of graphical issues and repetitive enemy encounters but that wont take away too much from hte entertainment. Ive been a fan for a lot of classic side scroller games and this game may not be as difficult and challenging as the classics it is still very fun to play.
,Recommended,235210,9240785,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MidnightToker,"Old-School Strider feels in a worthy, too long-awaited update of the series. A gamepad is likely essential. An enjoyable action platformer with plenty of flash."
76561197984615881,Recommended,235210,9257999,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,hawkulous,Love killing me some evil commie Robots . SNES metroid for PC .
76561198012883071,Recommended,235210,9325905,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,King Diamond [Σ] ♚♦,"Overall an awesome game. It is more or less a metroidvania game with polish. It's just a little light on enemy and area differences. 100% completion is very fun to work for and somewhat challenging but hidden items need to be more out of sight.  If you are a Strider fan it's a must buy in my opinion and even if not I feel it's worth the price. And if and when people figure out some sequence breaking this game will be excellent to speedrun. Also, I have not had any issues with running the game. I get a solid 60fps maxed out at 1920x1080."
,Recommended,235210,11853608,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Xander,"Like Metroidvania games? Want to feel like a total badass? Don't mind a bit more backtracking than similar games and a few recycled bosses? Buy it! For a $15 base price, it's fantastic.A few notes:- Use a controller.- I found the difficulty just right, but I can see it being far too tough for those inexperienced with platformers and Metroidvania games.- I don't know anything about the Strider series, but the story/characters/dialog were pretty awful. Buy this game for the gameplay.- It doesn't hold your hand with tutorials/tips. Be prepared to be a little confused (in a good way)."
,Recommended,235210,9227496,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Invictus,"Buy it. It is a hell of a lot of fun, lots of replayability."
76561198025260749,Not Recommended,235210,11485726,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,dprxsv,"Unfortunately, this game has more bugs than a stray dog. And nobody answers on Steam or Capcom Unity forum. As someone that played Strider on NES, Sega Genesis and PS One (not to mention MvC series), I regret that such a good franchise ended in this poor port with absolutely no support."
76561198016585979,Recommended,235210,9189161,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TicTick,One minute into the game I was in heaven...it was like the first time I played Strider in the Arcade back when I was a kid. I am beyond happy with this game.
,Recommended,235210,9194291,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ONE PUNCH FTW!!,"definitely feels like a classic strider game. side scrolling action game. game has some really nice graphics for the pc version. im not sure how it is on the ps4 or xbox one. but i do recommend this game if you like side scrolling action games, similar to castlevania and super metroid. good job guys on making this game! its a very well developed game."
76561198008818090,Recommended,235210,9195659,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,SakanaSan,Awesome update of one of my favourite 80s arcade games.
76561198027290530,Recommended,235210,9197521,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Andrekun,congratulations for capcom...♥♥♥♥ing finally
,Recommended,235210,9202727,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,DeathlyShade,Great game! Fast paced and easy to pick up. This game reminds me a lot of megaman except that it is more fun and addictive. Definitely worth the $15.
,Recommended,235210,9254445,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,data000,Ecellent fast pace action.  Great reboot of a clasic game.
,Recommended,235210,9243378,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dizzy,"For the love of everything that is good, do not miss this game, it is easily one of the best side-scrollers ever made, it has a combination of amazing platforming with lightning fast combat. Its level design is similar to the metroidvania style where it has endless forks in the road and tons of exploration. Definitely worth the buy its honestly worth more then 15 bucks.I finished the game with a play time of around 7 hours with 38.4% completion so theres still so much more to do, and the replayability is extremely high for this game, do not miss out on this game10/10 highly recommend"
76561198042626182,Recommended,235210,9685199,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Boneless Pizza,Its really brings back memories of the old arcade but with new graphics and awesome gameplay.
,Recommended,235210,17661426,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Homem-Arantes,"This game is INCREDIBLE!!!I'm a fan of the Final Fight beat'em up series, and was constantly looking for a game that could recreate the sensation that the series proportioned to me. Strider got it all right. Enemies come from everywhere, and you cannot rush your way through (most) of them, since the damage you take is a big worry here (I've read that in normal mode it is not that difficult, but I'm playing it on hard).Aside from that, Strider has a exploration side that makes the game a lot more interesting. While it is more well done in the Metroid series, the way it was done here is completely satisfying, and it does motivate you to search all around the place for upgrades and skins.A must buy for beat'em up fans!"
76561197976222615,Recommended,235210,9196477,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,InstableMonster,"Good sidescroller, had no problems running the game at all"
,Recommended,235210,11963990,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,aneurysm,BAD♥♥♥♥♥ great old school metroid/arcade style side scroller. fun! get it!
76561198071915950,Recommended,235210,9251807,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Serious Secare,♥♥♥♥ YEAH!~~~!!!!!
76561198136605856,Not Recommended,235210,16613313,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MrMirage1993,"One of my Favourite Classic. but sadly I would have to say I would not recommend this game.Visually attractive, smooth gameplay (no glictchs or crashes so far) but why would I not recommending it?The controls are the biggest NO NO in my book. I find the whole controls are more suitable for a south-paw gamers.All attack commands on the left while directional keys on the right.I would have given this game a Thumbs up if at the very least, the game allowed me to change the binding but it did not provide me with such option.My muscle memories just aint suitable with south paw style.This is my review on it.Grab it at 75% off if available"
,Recommended,235210,9326210,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Origo,"Strider is back, and it is really good. A fast-paced metroïdvania that deserve your 15€. Go get it !"
76561197967668421,Recommended,235210,9196692,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Feanor,"People who remember Strider from back in the day come from two places.  One is the NES Metroid clone in which players must collect upgrades to improve their arsenal and explore more of a mazelike fortress.  The other is the linear Arcade/Sega Genesis game where players would mash A and everythihng dies in a flurry of slashes, with the ability to climb walls and surfaces leading to some nail biting action moments.This game meshes both games, allowing players to go on a slashing rampage through faux-Russia, collecting upgrades that both help you explore and improve your rampaging experience.  The game is outstanding and rich in content.  You can tell Double Helix put a lot of love into the game, and has something old fans and those unfamiliar something to offer."
,Not Recommended,235210,11355477,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Rune,"Terrible game, buggy as hell. Should have researched some before ever buyied this piece of crap. Do not buy it."
76561197973300271,Recommended,235210,9312326,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"This game is fantastic, I never really got the chance to play this series before but I had seen some friends play the older games, I liked the concept and have been really enjoying tight controlled fast paced challenging games and man did this hit the spot.  Controls are responsive and fun, its difficult but very rewarding.  Do buy, 15 dollars is an insanely generous price for this excellent game."
,Recommended,235210,9207786,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ANDY,"Strider Hiryu sees his long awaited returnin this retelling of the original arcade classic simply titled Strider.Small-time developer Double Helix surprised everyonewhen they delivered the smash-hit Killer Instinct reboot to the Xbox One,does lightning strike twice or was it just luck? Let's take a look!Right off the bat, Hiryu controls like he should, rapid-fire sword-slashes and all(though he now has the ability to slash in all 8 directions, which is always welcome),he even comes straight out of the box with his Marvel vs. Capcom launcher move!As you move on from there, you'll soon discover that this game borrowslargely from the NES Strider,giving you a giant, Metroidvania style map where you have to find upgradesto the futuristic Ninja to proceed.Luckily, you always have access to a very solid minimap and map telling you where to go,what kind of object is blocking your way to make backtracking once you get a new toy easierand what areas you have or haven't explored.In this kind of game, a good map is essential, and Strider pulls it off masterfully.Slashing up goons by pressing the attack button as fast as your fingers can manage is as satisfying as always, as is seeing your moves, health and special meter rise from exploration,but like the original Strider, the game-making events are without a doubt the boss battles(featuring the likes of the Ouroboros, mecha-pon, the Pooh sisters and Solo),giving you the kind of large-and-in-charge mechanical beasts you'd expectbut also brings a good number of duel-type bosses to the tableand manages to make them the highlight of the experiencewith their high-speed pattern-recognition that brings to mind the action titles of yesterday.The game is quite the looker as well, though you may find the game has surprisingly high requirements to run smoothly for a downloadable 2.5D platformer,so be sure to look at the specs.The music is largely composed of techno-styled remixes of music from previous Strider games,the arcade and NES Striders in particularand are both nostalgic and great tunes in their own rights.In closing, Strider Hiryu's rebirth was everything I could have hoped for,giving a fresh take on the franchise while still showing strong respect to the foundation they build upon, I cannot recommend Strider enough for those looking for a strongaction adventure or Metroidvania-style game."
76561198050346057,Recommended,235210,10734962,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Church,"REALLY FUN, MUST PLAY"
,Recommended,235210,10651439,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shin Chie,8/8 m8
76561198107779127,Recommended,235210,34414639,Posted: 22 August,all,toammar2006,very good game
,Recommended,235210,9482169,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Knight⚔,Metroidvania futuristic ninja hack-n-slash platformer.I think thats all I need to say
76561197999914689,Recommended,235210,12603008,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mark Rushow,"The gameplay is solid and fast paced. It is not too busy, just busy enough. Nor is it too fast paced just fast enough. An excellent blend of balance for a wide range of gamers. It can get rather challenging but never so much so that it is beyond enjoying. A few tries to get through a hard part and you should be good. The art style is clean yet fulfilling. The sound track suites the game well. The sound effects fit right in. The animations are smooth and fluid while looking bad♥♥♥♥♥but not commically so. Acquired abilities are all useful and cool. Time to completion was very satifying leaving the player wanting more but not feeling like more was needed for this game. Replayable, not so much for alterations, but because it is so enjoyable to play through."
,Not Recommended,235210,16603663,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,{FITH}™Mxter Unlucky {FA},No controller support.  Can't edit key-binds.  Boring repetitive game play.
,Not Recommended,235210,16693869,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dasura,can't play this game. must have directx 11 & gpu support directx 11
,Not Recommended,235210,16552620,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Talkfixyou,it lags
,Recommended,235210,13964490,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,skeeter boy,WATCH ME SWOOCE RIGHT IN
76561198042237959,Not Recommended,235210,32061694,Posted: 30 May,all,ezdez,Unfortunately lost interest - maybe it's me the levels are large and confusing and the back tracking was just too much. Also boss health is very large; the patterns are easy enough to learn so it just became a repetitive grind.
,Not Recommended,235210,9189004,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,savantique,"Having become a fan of 1989's Strider and its sequel/reboot a decade later, Strider 2014 seemed like an easy purchase. Much like Strider 2, this version is also a sign of the times graphically when aesthetics tend to take a backseat on many platformers. For anyone who is a fan of the Castlevania games post-Dracula X, and the Metroid games (see tag Metroidvania), this version also uses a huge interconnected world that can be fully explored upon acquiring upgrades that allow travel through once inaccessable areas. Controls are as responsive as one would expect if they've played past Striders, with a few differences (for example, he has a launcher attack ala his Marvel vs. Capcom appearances).My main issue with the game is in its lack of optimization. I own quite a few games on Steam that are quite demanding graphically (Crysis 2, for example), but I've never had to scale them lower than 720p just to get a playable framerate. I haven't had it crash on me like other people have noted, but there's a weird rendering bug that happens after leaving the pause menu: certain pieces of terrain or the environment itself won't get filled, making it appear as though nothing's there.If they could just fix these problems, I might think of it as a solid addition to the Strider brand. For now it seems like a lazy port banking on the pre-existing hype to turn out a quick buck."
,Recommended,235210,16556093,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,stubar,"Plays really nice if you are looking for some fast arcade action.  Moves are intuitive, game is smooth and it's fun slicing through masses of enemies and the occasional boss JP style.  Great version of Strider, recommend this!!"
,Not Recommended,235210,28687284,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,VisageOfAnAngel,"Crashes constantly on modern rigs.  Shame too, it was fun whenever it was able to run."
,Not Recommended,235210,32977401,Posted: 29 June,all,AAA,Lost interest and I'm reluctant to get back into this games after my hiatus.Copy and paste enemiesMany maps feel emptyStory lacks character developmentGood thingsSound is high qualityresponsive controlls (gamepad required)
76561198017967173,Not Recommended,235210,11290192,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Bamboo Spine,"You can have all the drivers, DX11 graphic card, windows 7 64bit, it won't work. even tried installing AMD beta drivers, no deal.All you get is a black screen for $7, huge deal huh"
,Not Recommended,235210,15182136,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,YYGCYang,"This game has very little support and was very laggy on my computer, with quad core, 16GB of ram AND a video card. This thing runs slower than Final Fantasy XIV when I am doing a Skype call.Case in point: this game is very slow and has no support. I have looked on the forum for any kind of help, but it seems the developers of the game have all but abandoned it.Take my advice and buy a different platformer."
,Recommended,235210,30936972,Posted: 3 April,all,KidNitro,"Im only 1 hour into it, and I already love this game."
,Recommended,235210,13166507,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Strider is a remake of a 1989 arcade classic starring Strider Hiryu, a ninja with a quick swinging sword capable of slashing a group of troopers in an instant. He is incredibly acrobatic. It felt weird to me that there was no mouse needed to play Strider, just a keyboard. The keyboard is tolerable, although I was wondering if a gamepad is more appropriate for the PC version of this game considering all the different moves you will learn as you progress through the game making Strider a more powerful protagonist.The story is very simple as it takes place in Kazakh in the Soviet era. Once you understand the setting you will slice various enemies while you rely on your map to reach your next objective. The gameplay is very fast paced and this is a good attribute for this game. The action is also impressive and gets more impressive as you progress. You will learn new moves such as the double jump. The double jump will be crucial to jumping over obstacles such as electrical fields and moving buzz saws. Other moves include the kunai, which is a plasma weapon used to shoot enemies and becomes crucial during boss fights.There is plenty climbing up walls and ceilings and Strider has sickle that can be called a climbsickle. This is a very useful tool for navigating the different levels in an action platformer that is basically about moving horizontally and up and down. There are many collectibles in this game, some for upgrading Strider, others for cosmetic effect. The collectibles Strider can be in well hidden areas, so Strider must use his double jumps and catapults to good use in order to find these collectibles. The most important collectibles are health and energy upgrades that increase Strider’s max health and energy.The enemies consist of troopers of different variations, some very basic, others carry shields that require more advanced moves to eliminate them. The enemies do become repetitive since they look the same and can respawn as you backtrack to some levels. The boss fights can be downright annoying, especially if you don’t learn each boss’ patterns. Every boss has a pattern of fighting, so you will have to go through several tries of button mashing to finally defeat a boss.  One boss fight includes 3 sexy females after fighting two of them in previous encounters.  Another includes a boss who uses water to attack you and you must learn how the pattern of water based attacks is used. Defense is very important in each boss fight. Too much offense and too little defense will get you killed without a doubt. The defense requires a number of keys to be pressed in order to avoid a boss’ attacks. These boss fights made me think that a gamepad might be better suited to fighting these bosses than the keyboard.The graphics are never bland and are always bright. Every level of Kazakh City is vibrant. Levels include an abandoned train station, a research facility, a military prison, and other diverse locales. Strider can eventually travel using an eagle perch, which looks beautiful when using it as a travel point. There’s also a panther statue that can be used to travel from one destination to another.Overall, I think Strider is a decent game that is a reminder of the arcade era of the 1980s. It can be frustrating to mash buttons in order to defeat tough bosses. I felt a sense of accomplishment when defeating these bosses, but I didn’t feel like I would like to fight them again for fun or replayability. The replay value I find in this game is the collectibles that are scattered throughout each level. It can be enjoyable if you’re looking for 1980s arcade fun and fast paced action platforming, but you should be aware of the frustration of pressing different buttons so quickly, so many times with the keyboard."
,Recommended,235210,33033818,Posted: 30 June,all,Elane»,Hitsparks the GameFun to stream and brutally murder your bitrate!
,Recommended,235210,18126947,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,NFG,"Proper Brilliant.The guys who made this game know Strider, they know what makes Strider good, and they know this better than Capcom, who failed pretty miserably with their micro-level Strider 2.  I loved Strider in the arcades, I knew it inside and out, and could clear it with one life.  I feared the remake, but I needn't have.This is not the original Strider, it's more Strider meets Metroidvania, and it works.  It works so hard.  The first thing I did after completing the game (and it's not a short game) is immediately start a second game on hard.It does so many things right.  The graphics are excellent just about everywhere, and never less than really good when it stumbles.  The game occasionally opens up to really big views giving everything an immense scale, and there's a real feeling of height when you jump blindly off some platforms.  Strider's movements are perfect, from running to climbing to slashing with his sword.  Sometimes you want to screenshot your game just because it looks so fun.Strider makes frequent nods toward its history, sometimes the player will hear a sound effect taken from the original arcade game, and some levels are eerily familiar.Cannot recommend highly enough.  It's among the best."
,Recommended,235210,9263877,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,CrunchyFrog,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!ITS AWSOME!!!!!!!totaly worth the $14.99.On a more serious note befrore playing the game look up the guide and change the controls, the're kind of awkward if you are playing on a keyboard"
,Recommended,235210,9215077,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Tsuken,"A rather admirable reboot of a great series.Aside from some very slight control issues that really just boil down to general nitpicking, the game plays very well. It's very satisfying to button mash enemies into oblivion. The skill aspect of combat comes from dodging rather than attacking well, so you're free to slash the hell out of things to your heart's content, with some enemies requiring a charge-up 'guard break' before you can do so. Aside from that, the gameplay is very Metroidvania indeed. Powerups are scattered in locations that are both mildly challenging and frustratingly difficult to reach, with areas closed off to the player until they can acquire a particular powerup.The sound is fantastic as well, from music to interface feedback when you pick up items or complete objectives. The entire soundtrack is a compilation of remixed Strider themes from prior games.In the same vein, the game looks good, though poly counts are a bit dated thatisin keeping with its price point. The environments are well-designed, everything is shown clearly, and the flow of levels is very visually appealing. Nothing is out of place at all in the environment.Overall, for something that Capcom clearly only put a small team to, this game is very much a good sequel in the Strider series, and one that has been VERY long coming. I'd definitely recommend this game at its price point ($15 at time of writing) for anyone, as long as you have a controller, and especially for those who enjoy platformers, adventure games. Metroidvania lovers? This is a must-buy."
,Recommended,235210,29620162,Posted: 31 January,all,.Legion,I was a fan of the arcade version of Strider 2. bought this for the memories. Strider is one of the greatest ninja characters too.
,Not Recommended,235210,11112207,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[VtW] Tom Badguy,Check out my review of Strider onhttp://www.VtWProductions.comhttp://www.vtwproductions.com/2014/06/a-tom-badguy-review-strider.html
,Not Recommended,235210,20767609,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Spook Rooster,No.
76561198010641857,Recommended,235210,17654239,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"Its not a bad game. I had fun playing it. But do I recommend it? Im not sure...it lacks something. It lacks the spark the original had. The enemies are quite uninspired and the boss fights are mostly a breeze (as the whole game).Maybe its nostalgia, but the original beats this one.Still, I had fun with it."
76561198018606604,Recommended,235210,9316038,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jabel,"If you've played the original this is for you.Only changes so far (12% complete atm, I won't lie) are the music, charged attacks, and the machine pet system is more like a summon magic spell. Other than that it's pure Strider.If you don't know this game... well you suck but Strider is the youngest ever Class-A ninja. Sent on a suicide mission to kill the future's next Hitler.Buy it chumps. But play with a controler. This ain't no PC game, this is a console classic remade in HD."
76561198000922086,Recommended,235210,9188878,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,⎝⎝Skrubbles⎠⎠,"Only an hour in and I'm hooked, this is a must have. Great controls, great graphics, and really well put together overall."
,Not Recommended,235210,34414526,Posted: 22 August,all,Jon,Horriable.  BLACK BARS!!!!!!!!!!!!! resolution and refresh rate capped. want refund for this console port crap
,Not Recommended,235210,31385920,Posted: 26 April,all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,"- The controls arent very tight.- It feels like your constantly playing on the ice level from Super Mario.- Basic movement is a chore.- Climbing walls is very rigid and clunky.- The control scheme is very poor and cant be rebinded.- The fact that mobs can infinitely hit stun you to death because you need a charge attack to kill them is also a pain.- There is also a chance that when you fall into a pit and it respawns you that you will respawn inside a wall, and have no choice but restart the game.+ The boss fights are fun though, and this game is still alright, but overall it just gives me a headache."
,Recommended,235210,9225121,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CrackerBlack,"Fun game, especially when I beat up the ♥♥♥♥♥es"
76561198064407484,Not Recommended,235210,14348527,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Haro,"Hey fellas, Do you like it when a game is insanely straing on your computer to a point were its unplayable and you cannot change the settings of the graphics? WELL THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! No wonder capcom is going out of ♥♥♥♥ing business. 0/10"
76561198051987997,Not Recommended,235210,34664031,Posted: 1 September,all,AppleJazz,"The great things about this game are the tight controls, fluid movement, and totally polished feel of it all.On the other hand, the game just feels way too easy.  Enemies are more of an annoyance than an obstacle.  Everything to make a great strider game is here, except the difficulty."
,Not Recommended,235210,12811140,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"Well, I finished it, but I'm not sure that I really enjoyed it. I kept getting stuck to walls, the weapons don't feel all that punchy and powerful, and bloody hell, the enemies have no qualms about stunlocking you, especially once they have the freeze guns. A lack of savepoints in the final ascent is also aggravating. Fortunately the last boss itself isn't too punishing. But, now that I'm done, I don't really care, and frankly I nearly gave up before I was done. Recommended if you reallllly want a Metroidvania Strider in your life, but there are better options."
,Not Recommended,235210,33820779,Posted: 26 July,all,Mr. Punch,"From the very beginning, this game has been a waste of my time and money. Couldn't bring myself to progress very far, thanks to a myriad of issues involving direction, controls, and general annoyance at the game systems."
,Not Recommended,235210,34511670,Posted: 26 August,all,Bobiojimbo,"Unplayable. Essentially, if you don't have the specs to properly run this game, it runs as if it's in slow-motion. There isn't a way to correct this in the settings options. There isn't a patch, or update to correct this. It's either: have the specs, or it plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235210,16883535,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[GOS]Darkhound1116,11/10- Who else would enter a f#!@@ battlefield in a hang glider.
76561198011601907,Not Recommended,235210,9602550,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lecova,The game never launches and it's ♥♥♥♥ing annoying!
,Not Recommended,235210,9185887,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bluescreen of Death,"I'm not super big on 2.5D games, but this one seemed interesting, and I was in the mood for some hack and slash. The keyboard controls take some getting used to, but gamepad controls are more fluid.Combat is kinda clunky from the word go, and while it isn't exactly un-fun, without a storyline to propel the game I can't play it for very long at all.All in all, if it comes down in price, it might be worth it. Ohterwise you can take a pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,235210,15239844,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"I'll take ""lousy cashins of classic arcade games put out by dying companies in a desperate attempt to become profitable again"" for $1000, Alex... what is Strider!"
76561198059697244,Not Recommended,235210,23092636,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Blueman8305,"I regret buying this. Im not sure what the problem with it is, but, Ive tried playing this on THREE different PC's made to play any game, and this game refused everything. If you're gonna buy Strider, buy it on anything else other than PC. PS3, PSVita, PS4, Hell, Buy it for your microwave. Just not PC."
76561198007741146,Not Recommended,235210,31940255,Posted: 24 May,all,Goos,"I had hopes for this game, but it's boring as hell and bland."
,Not Recommended,235210,28500594,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"This game really isn't bad, but then they throw in a boss fight every 3 minutes, and the boss fights aren't fun like the other things in the game."
76561198036121006,Not Recommended,235210,26441055,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,lextarget,"After spending over ten hours of having tons of fun, you hit the Research Facility and every enemy hit interrupts your actions and you become incapable of doing anything but bounce between laser beams and die. The difficulty goes from fun/challenging to impossible/effyou. So I've wasted all those hours to end up unable to finish the game and rage-quitting.If you don't mind not finishing a game, go ahead, it's a lot of fun. If not, you'll want to hit someone in the face when you hit the last area."
,Not Recommended,235210,9183334,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,drbroly,Currently bugged to hell and crashes extremely often. Avoid for now.
,Not Recommended,235210,13102274,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,C2,My PC cant play this :(Main GIGABYTE P75Chip core i3 3220vga NVIDIA GTX 280RAM 4GWhy?
76561197980625862,Recommended,235210,9183488,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mars_Zorro,Very Cool
,Not Recommended,235210,30454175,Posted: 11 March,all,coup de grâc3,"It’s not a bad game. But I wouldn’t recommend it, because there are better out there.very repetitive. enemies are to spongy. The menu looks horrible and the soundtrack isn’t really impressive.Also I don’t like backtracking"
,Not Recommended,235210,25049150,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Victorious,Not fun
76561197975644629,Not Recommended,235210,9183356,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Caly,"The game does not support a majority of controller, despite the fact that the store tell you than the game is full controller support.Don't bother buy it if you have don't have an xbox360 controller. Buy it on console instead."
,Not Recommended,235210,11267140,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,GigaLancer,"Please do not waist your money. I meet all the requirements to run the game and it still will not work. There is no fix, and no one seems to care, although the forms are full of the exact same problem."
76561198104440381,Not Recommended,235210,25063017,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheRoninRiceGod,I have nothing to say about this game
76561198006804460,Not Recommended,235210,9182982,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dr Skeletor,Bugged as hell AVOID!
76561198273470697,Not Recommended,235210,24994495,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Zenlou,-Game Features: OK-Graphics: OK-Overall Gamedesign: HORRIBLE
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,235210,27586440,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Worst Ninja game ever... No stealth mechanic, boring movement and pacing of character. It just feels off.I own a few ninja games on Steam, you should opt for Mark Of The Ninja or Shadow Blade: Reload if you really need a 2.5D Ninja game. Both of them put this garbage to shame."
76561197972490364,Recommended,235210,9877641,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Extremer2099,This game is awesome; Mix 2d scrolling metroid style with ninja's = perfect!
,Recommended,235210,9728632,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Syr!1us Z3r0,They should have stuck with an arcade concept and not a metroidvania. This is game mainly for the hardcore fanbase
76561198000410636,Recommended,235210,9883438,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Altmega xD,"The only bad thing about this game (I'll get that out of the way first) is the stupid cartwheel jump... that looks good in the golden days of 16bit but not in a seriously good looking reboot.This game blew me away, so many have tried to deliver a great sidescrolling game that would keep us interested, this is it... and for a great price.I'm not ever going to write in deapth reviews because I'm not a pro but trust me... you like platformers? you like ninja's from the future? you'll like this game!"
,Recommended,235210,10464514,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ReploidArmada,"This here? This game called Strider? It's really ♥♥♥♥ing good. It's one of the few fast-paced 2D slice'em'ups to come out in the recent past, is a very good reboot of the series, and Strider Hiryu exudes complete badass at all times."
,Recommended,235210,10469657,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Fis,"The game is well polished, fast paced, and it's a strider game so it better be. The game is exactly what you would expect, longer than most of the strider titles, but still exactly what you would expect, Capcom didn't botch this one."
,Recommended,235210,10423954,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Big Funni,More of a ballet runner than a strider but im willing to forgive it because hereyou has really nice hairrunninginthe90s/10
,Recommended,235210,10134892,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ulrich5000,"Fantastic reboot! I was hoping Double Helix wouldn't screw this game up and I wasn't disappointed at all. I loved Strider 2 on PS1 back in the day and this reboot does the series justice! It feels like a mix between Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Mega Man X but still has the feel of Strider. This game for being only $15 packs a whole lot of collectables and content which is a huge plus. It's fun, fast paced arcade style action at it's best and anyone who wants a game to kill a few hours, get this one, you won't regret it.Fans of Strider will feel right at home, and even newcomers will have a great time playing through this game, you can beat this game in about 4 hours but with all the collectables you'll probably get at least 7, well worth it for a $15 dollar game! Honestly if you want this game, if the trailer looks good to you, if the things I'm saying in this review convinced you....BUY THIS GAME! You will not regret it.The gameplay is solid, the bosses are challenging but fun, and the soundtrack is great! :)-On a side note- There's a few glitches they need to iron out, for example; I fell through the floor and was able to traverse through part of the map on inside the walls and was able to skip a chunk of obstacles getting to my next destination but that's all trivial stuff that can be fixed, so I won't fault the developers for it.All in all I thought the game was damn near perfect in every way, if you haven't already, buy this game especially if you played Strider before, this reboot does the series justice and I'm hoping there's more of this series to come in the future. I give it a 9.5/10!"
,Recommended,235210,9538275,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,grtitan21,"Excellent remake. Couple of little flaws here and there, but can't complaint for the price and quality of the game."
76561198009436170,Recommended,235210,9560069,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TPI | ZodistA,"Hands down one of the best games that have been revised ever!!  When I found out Strider was getting a do over and seeing the video of the developers knowing they were actual fans of the original series, I was stoked!  The care they have put into the game so that old school gamers like myself who played the originals and the newer generation, is fantastic.JUST PLAY IT DAMMIT!!"
,Recommended,235210,9414224,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sarah B.,I enjoyed this a lot. There are a few shortcomings but overall I thought it was very good.
76561198042588864,Recommended,235210,9400630,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Stree Overlord,"I'm pretty far in this game, and so far I love it. The combat is very satisfying and Hiryu controls really well. Definitely one of the best metroidvanias I've played in years. Captures the feel of the original games and makes something new. So buy it, it's awesome"
,Recommended,235210,9401746,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,burlyfish,"No quick time events as of yet. Minimal cinematics and all in the game engine itself. Fast paced metroidvania with hard mode unlocked at the start. Lots of hidden unlockable costumes, concept art, and 3d model viewer enemies.100% video game."
76561197998527517,Recommended,235210,9435013,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Simms,"Have you ever wanted to be a ninja?  Dice enemy robot soldiers into tiny pieces?  Jump, dive, and climb through varied 2D environmental mazes?  Great; go buy this game.  This is an up close, fast paced MetroidVania.  And it's easily one of my favorite games of 2014."
,Recommended,235210,9444928,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Muromirg,"Strider is simply great and satisfying. Levels have great design, soundtrack is awesome and the visuals are simply perfect. Altough the developers could've made an alternative character as a bonus for completing the game and playing NG+, but it's just my personal wish. 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,235210,9498239,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mavericks,"I was extremely hyped for this game once I heard this came out, being a fan of the other strider games, and a fan of the scarf wearing ninja I know and love in general (with his numerous cameos in fighting games made by capcom). When the game finally was out, I had high expectations for the game, and boy it sure did deliver. The game is a more fluid version of strider 2, combat wise. You have lots of mid air controls and plenty of things to use as your disposal, such as your options, kunai, and multiple cypher plasmas. Combat is fast, and enemies get tougher as you go along, however I never had much issue slicing through countless cyborgs, however I never got bored once while doing so. It was just so fun slicing through each and every enemy, one after the next, as the music is pumping you up, everything is goes by so fast that its just a joy to play. The game itself follows a metroidvania map, with secret areas, hidden items, costumes, and even extra things, such as challenges, intel, and concept art. Each map is vast and has its own setting, along with it's own type of enemies. You will be backtracking for items, and for some main objectives, but strider moves so quick that it never felt like a chore. The puzzles are simple, and not really worth talking about, but that's fine, the game is more about its action then it's puzzles, you need to go into this game with the mindset of a old arcade style beatem' up, like the other strider games. The game is a little on the easy side, bosses should give you a run for your money, and can be taken out on your first try, if not on your second. As mentioned earlier the music pumps you up and gets you hyped, especially if you played any of the older strider games, with old songs being remixed to fit the cyber-distopia setting of the game. My major complant is that the game felt short, much like all the other strider games, however upon completion my final item completion was only 79%, meaning the game still had plenty of things for me to run around and collect before beating the game. With fast flowing action, a wonder soundtrack, and just playing as a badass cyber ninja, cutting anyone in his path, I would reccomend this to anyone who just wants to jump in and play a good action game. It's great to have Strider back, I just hope he does not vanish again."
76561198093652120,Recommended,235210,9502409,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,aginghippie43,This game gives Strider the much needed attention he deserves. I have a playstion and a genesis so i have played his early games so I had high expectations for the game. This game blew past my expectations and proves not only that it is the best of the series but one of the best games you can buy this year.
,Recommended,235210,9441728,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,"Jamal, O Rattata Radical","Awesome game, wanted to play it so bad and got what I wanted. Only problem though, the performance on this title is horrible! I can run a game like Bioshock Infinite that requires more better than this game. If you can run it ok I highly recommend the title."
,Recommended,235210,9985231,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Micninja,"I have to take my hat off to Double Helix, this game is awesome. From the soundtrack to the artwork, right down to the strategies for fighting the different enemies, the developer nailed it. Combat feels smooth and has a very easy approach to it, all while making sure it has a challenging learning curve to it. The platforming is superb and adds depth to the combat. The best part is it can be played with a controller, giving me a reason to actually use the ""Big Picture"" feature on Steam. Overall a great nostalgic filled experience that is not only fun, but beautiful at the same time."
76561198321072866,Recommended,235210,29555054,Posted: 28 January,all,nightstorm51,"This CAPCOM character is very underrated if you ask me, and so are his games, including this one."
76561197960398475,Recommended,235210,17033039,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dredj,"Well worth the money. It's a, Metroid style map exploration with multiple attack moves before you even mix in the, Options to your combo's. So much style."
76561198005516133,Recommended,235210,16984002,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,hojew3,"So fun! Story and dialogue is a bit mediocre, but ninjas are so frfeaking cool!"
76561198030384462,Recommended,235210,17024529,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sinias,"Sanics the name, speeds my game. This game has lots of speeds.10/10Actual Review:So i bought Strider when it was on sale, not exactly knowing what i would get myself into as i haven't played the first one on SNES and it seemed good looking enough to buy it.Basically, what you get is a fast-paced Metroidvania game with somewhat advanced graphics, a simple plot and cool artstyle with everything set in the near future.As always in Metroidvania games, you start off pretty weak and overall without much tools, the further you progress, the more you get. What's interesting is the fact that you need to adapt to different enemies on the fly, use dashing, kunais and your special ability to get rid of enemies or just do super cool stuff in general and most of that in one fight, kind of my style especially that you can attack as fast as you can push dat button (which can result, more often than not, in boss fights not even lasting 10 seconds)That's pretty much everything i have to say here as it's a solid game and i liked it very much, definitely worth the bucks (of course it feels kinda short if you rush through in under 4 hours for the achievement but still) and i recommend it."
,Recommended,235210,16904858,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Proteuz,Game is a ton of fun.Pros:-fast paced action-responsive controls-awesome art styleCons:-random spikes in difficulty-no newgame+ mode
76561198002828451,Recommended,235210,16889356,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mercury,really fun and surprisingly relaxing on the couch.
,Recommended,235210,16733460,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,zyber lame-o,"It's really good but damn does it make your thumb hurt. Great physics, semi-easy bosses but I'd say it just the right difficulty."
,Recommended,235210,16735854,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,edwnx,"It's a fun Metroidvania style game. So if you're a fan of the genre, you'll probably enjoy this.But there are some details though that keep this game from being one of the best in the genre.My biggest complaint is the map. It doesn't say to where a certain passage leads to. So you end up going in circles or being slingshot into another section by accident. Having to make your way back to where you were. You're left having to look up for a map online. Which kinda defeats the purpose of playing a Metroidvania game.The voice acting is kinda bad. I sometimes prefer to play Japanese games with Japanese audio and I would've liked if this game had this option. But the acting is not bad enough to ruin the experience.The enemies kinda get repetitive. Except for a few, you see the same generic enemy throughout the game. The only difference being what colour the enemy is and what colour his shield is…But all this doesn't stop how fun it is to slice through all the enemies. The boss fights are pretty solid and the Metroidvania element is a welcomed addition to the series.This game will be plenty of fun for anyone who grew up playing console games in the 90s."
,Recommended,235210,16764965,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,prna,2 ez 4 me
,Not Recommended,235210,16766662,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,irishdrunkass,"Controller support is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't even play, waste of money."
,Recommended,235210,16761254,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,StickyWhiteStuff,"Most remakes are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor attempts. Not this game. I'll admit that I never played the original Strider games, but this game is really good."
76561198009586628,Recommended,235210,16821563,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Duplicitous,Quite frankly an amazing side scrolling ninja jumping ninja gaiden-esk game. Just an all around positive experience.
76561198002315662,Recommended,235210,16001985,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,wallacetothe2,"Pros-Fun Boss Battles-Great Skill Design-Ran great on my rig-Smooth controls-Not to long or short time wise-crisp modern graphics(not really a graphics guy but this game looks great while running smoothly)Note: I've read reviews where the writer complains about how drab world. I agree it's drab but no because of art direction. Strider really needed better world building behind it to be masterpiece.Cons-Weak story/world buildingStrider was great fun. The pace of the game makes you feel like an expert warrior. The action is just at the right speed where I have enough time to react while not being a cake walk either.  Another aspect I loved about Strider was the way skills progressed in the game. Each tool had its distinct strength and wasn't overshadowed by new additions to Strider's arsenal.The enemy variety just was right in that non-boss combat did not feel monotonous meaning each enemy required its unique approach for the most part. The boss battles were really the highlight of this game for me. Some boss patterns were easy and others were hard but none of the fights felt gimmicky. I couldn't just stay in one spot and win the battle. Dodging and moving in to attack were the general patterns but each boss fight requires its own approach in executing those actions.The only aspect that I felt Strider lacked was story. I never gained strong sense of connection with Strider. Nobody in the story cared for Strider leaving me with nothing to identify with. I felt like a random guy who did all these awesome things in a world where the Why was never explained. Maybe these feeling are a result of me having never played a Strider game before? I mean it's alright if you don't give the main character a lot of depth because it's a game but if you take that course your world needs to have the depth to support the story your trying to tell.The story was decent though and game play was more than enough to make up for the story's failings. This game is really great and you shouldn't pass it up if you enjoy action games. At least for me, Strider sets the standard for the modern Metroidvania title."
,Recommended,235210,15996365,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Inchuru,"Fast pace, good combat, it certantly exceededed all my expetations. Very good action game."
76561197972186587,Recommended,235210,15669505,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cylux,Quality 'Metroidvania' style game with great arcade action.
76561198023049455,Not Recommended,235210,16747099,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Yusufu,"IntroI love platformers like the Megaman series and ninja games where every move counts, challenging and rewarding at the same time. I love finding secrets and unlocking new moves, that's precisely why I wanted this game.Strider was fun to some extent especially the boss fights and the platforming system. You can climb on walls and even on ceilings. There is a reward system of course which presents you with new upgrades that adds you your weapon collection adding to the fun. However, the game lacks in many aspects and I will try to cover these in this review of the game.Shallow Fighting SystemThe whole game system encourages the player to rush through the enemies and end them as fast as possible which is expected of a ninja and should be good if implemented right, but the problem here is that enemies come in large quantities and spam you with bullets that stumbles the player. You may be able to play the game slowly and kill enemies without losing health but it will take forever, plus regular enemies are tough to beat and I don't mean tough to fight, the game makes them harder to crack when hit. Throughout the game, the only effective moves you'll be using is your normal sword strike or the charge strike.RepetitiveThe game is extremely repetitive, it reuses a lot of enemies and (you guessed it) it also uses the same bosses all to extend the length of the game. I have been playing this game for five hours and I'm still fighting the same soldiers that I met at the first level. I'm not even sure, they might have changed the color of their eyes but I'm pretty sure that they are the same except, now they are more in quantity and with various weapons to use. Adding cruelty to injury, sometimes they even use a shield to prevent you from passing which is really annoying to deal with. They also spawn back when you reenter the room.The Problem With Level DesignThe level design, the levels are well done and the platforming is fun. The placement of enemies is also clever and hard to pass without thinking of how to approach them. There are doors which require special keys to open and pass through and there are also secrets with rewards.But the problem is the foreground and the background are sometimes confusing. Especially when you play this game for the first time, you'll have trouble finding doors and vents without looking at your minimap. I find myself, most of the time, constantly looking at the minimap to make sure I didn't miss anything. Also, there is lack of variety in designing the levels. In a normal platformer, you expect a climate change, a day time a night time. These things are important to me and I think they keep things fresh for the player. The game changes environments but not much, it is all about fighting in a modern city, a factory or underground which all look like the same place to me.Many Worthless RewardsThe reward System, every now and then, the game rewards the player with new powers to use. My problem with this is that most of these rewards are mere keys to new areas. Most of them are useless in a fight and you'll be more inclined to use your sword in fights instead of wasting your energy on those moves. An example of a useless reward is thekuni, a ninja projectile used to throw at enemies and instantly kill them (supposedly). But instead, if you use it on enemies in this game it's like throwing stones at an armored soldier. Plus, it only can be thrown halfway through the screen and then disappears. The only useful thing about this item is that some locks are only activated by using it.ConclusionAt the end, Strider is a fun game and a good platformer. It offers great boss fights and will keep you active throughout the game. The game however is repetitive and sometimes doesn't reward the player properly. You might be playing this game for a while but be prepared to spam the same button over and over to defeat all your enemies. If I have to give it a score I would give it 5/10. I hope those issues are addressed in their next game, otherwise, I'm not buying it."
,Recommended,235210,16753224,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Vayl ♥,"Admittedly, it's really difficult to get me to get into a side-scrolling game. It's just something I've experienced so much, from puzzle games to fighting games to action games... Eventually, it starts to get stale. That's what I find so incredibly refreshing about this game. My impression shifted from 'this is way too simple' to 'this is crazy awesome' really, really fast.In terms of story and setting, I knew hardly anything about Strider, but this game throws you right into the fray in a heartbeat. There was so much to appreciate about this game at first. The art direction is gorgeous, for one, and the gameplay is bizarrely smooth. Each button tap of your weapon is a sword attack. Every single one. If you spam the 'X' button, you attack that many times --it's really one to one. Jumping felt a little wonky at first, but I quickly adapted to it, and once I did, I was warped into a crazy fluid combat experience.Admittedly, I was worried that 'jumping and sword slashing' would be all to the combat, but the game quickly provided me with a series of upgrades and attacks that really refreshed my palette. By mid-game, the combat was borderline addicting, and I could hardly put my controller down. Jumping back and forth, dodging attacks, reflecting bullets, switching elemental strengths and plunging in for a strike --it was all incredibly satisfying.To its detriment, though, this game is -really- difficult, particularly in some segments. I mean, I usually play games on hard rather than normal, because I think developers sometimes dumb games down for the masses, but even normal was a big challenge (Particularly a certain elevator that had me rage quit a few times.) Also, checkpoints. Don't think that just because you respawned before a boss fight means that if you turn off your game, your progress is saved. A couple of times, I had to restart half a level because I quit the game before another checkpoint without even realizing.That aside, though? It's a pretty good deal for a game that swept me away otherwise. You'll get maybe 6 hours if you blow through it, and 10 if you go secret-hunting. Get it for under $10, you'll not regret it."
76561198076648677,Not Recommended,235210,16844099,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Doom,don't work on win7
,Recommended,235210,16689784,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SolarBear,"A decent platformer, with lots of acrobatics and fast-paced action."
76561198095465670,Recommended,235210,16690210,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zach Lord of Cinder,"I like how he swings his sword as fast as you push the button. That works.However, I don't know if it's just me, but the game stutters constantly. And I have a decent PC that I put together this year.A game this fast can't afford to slow down :("
,Recommended,235210,16654283,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Melancholia,Nostalgia remade!
,Recommended,235210,16375312,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,OG! [.Serb_Power.],"Story and Characters: 9/10I mean killing the Winds sisters? Instant win. Hired to kill the Grandmaster Meio? Even better. A classic retelling of the core Strider story complete with the classic assassination feeling along with the judgement of self-righteousness. The villains do not disappear after beating them once and pose a threat every step of the way, even during easy mode.Art and Sound: 9/10The 2D animation does not try to focus on nostalgia which I really prefer rather than relying on old nostalgic feelings for a game. This makes me feel like a new reboot that actually works which is incredibly rare (I'm looking at you Nintendo). It is aesthetically pleasing. The classic Hiryu ""HAHHH"" attack sound is missing which I will take a point off just for that (pls add it in the future!)Gameplay: 8/10Some of the directional attacking is a bit clunky. Although overall the games easy to learn keys are nice on the hands. The directional jumps can also interfere with some tricky terrain passes where you have to calculate the amount of time and reflex you have to make a jump etc. So far I enjoy the upgrades to your Cypher which really makes this higher than it should be (you are welcome Capcom)Replayability: 7/10Can get a bit repetitive but worth exploring the other difficulty options while having fully upgraded your Cypher. Although for $15 dollars this is definitely replayable to a point where you will see immersing yourself into it for hours on end.Final Thoughts Overall: 8/10Strider Hiryu is a classic game rebooted not to fit into the ""nostalgia"" resurgence of this past decade but tells a core retelling of his story, one that vividly explains the struggle of the Strider character. Buy this. You will not be disappointed. Thank you Double Helix and Capcom for bringing us this masterpiece."
76561198077134316,Recommended,235210,16451677,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mr Snow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IYMHiyKsmgDamn good fun.
,Recommended,235210,16107149,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,moist.boi,"Awesome game, a great throwback to classic platformers with fast-paced action and just the right amount of difficulty.  Plenty of secrets to discover to give it great replayability as well as leaderboards for those that enjoy speedrunning."
76561197988509871,Recommended,235210,16134789,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,poomanchu,"The backtracking can get annoying, but it's a pretty fun game."
76561198025607236,Recommended,235210,16357343,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spidermain50,"A very fun, fast-paced 2-D action side scroller. It reminds me alot of the original on the NES."
,Recommended,235210,16089593,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Expendable Sith,Fought a bio-engineered robo-dragon within the first half hour. 10/10
,Recommended,235210,30509301,Posted: 14 March,all,Steve Mahanahan,"Excellent title.  A great recreation of the classic with new and modern feel!  Though not a long game, It is well worth it for every fan, and even people interested in the ""metroidvania"" type of gameplay.  Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,235210,20906188,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Turnip,this game is surprisingly fun+cool ninja action+flashy attacks and scenes+interesting skills+lots to unlock-brainless button mashing-variety of enemies
,Recommended,235210,21108917,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,felipe,"this remake is not practically nothing due to the classic Mega. a game of action and frantic battles, the main thing is that it's fun. For those who want a simple game for fun recommend.I ended up with 95% in 7 hourspros: scenery, graphics, battles and funneg: soundtrack, plotesse remake não fica praticamente nada a dever para o classico do mega. um jogo de ação e batalhas freneticas, o principal é que é divertido. Para quem quer um jogo simples para se divertir recomendo.eu terminei com 95% em 7 horaspros: cenario, graficos, batalhas e diversãoneg: trilha sonora, enredo"
,Recommended,235210,20961165,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,OnFriday,"They took the old cool Strider from the 80's, updated the graphics and the gameplay then streamlined it so you feel like the bad♥♥♥♥♥the 10 year old you thought you were when you had a NES controller in hand.If you're a fan of Metroidvania style games, this is a must buy."
76561198052024505,Recommended,235210,21020060,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PUBESANDWICH,"all i can say is WOW... growing up i always thought strider hyru was one of the coolest video game characters EVER. also one of my favorites in marvel vs capcom.. this game is AWESOME in every way- not just as fan service, but it is a great game with solid controls and a slick, clean presentation with capcom's legendary optimization.  as of writing this review, ive spent just under a half hour on it, and plan to spend many more hours playing this masterpiece! kudos to all the people that made this game happen, although i will probably throw my controller through my window in frustration at one point or another, this is PURE ARCADE BLISS at any price, please just buy this game, and understand that all good strider games are hard, but not because of game-breaking controls, but because this game will take the most out of your skills! 11/10 would buy it twice if i could!"
,Recommended,235210,21016619,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,EV,Such a criminally underrated game.
,Recommended,235210,21046073,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,][\/][ I S H A P,"If you like the gameplay of the 2D Metroids or the Gameboy Advance Castlevania games, get this game right now. The graphics are great, the controls are great, the setting (dystopian Moscow-esque) is amazing, and I'm having a blast playing through it. I got it on a sale but its worth full price. Even if you never liked the original Strider games, give this one a shot!"
,Recommended,235210,21192912,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Andrea Jens,"Highly recommended if you can play it with a controller. Otherwise...A solid, fast-paced action game with a Metroid-like exploration and high frame rate even on a 3-years-old laptop :D I've bought it on sale, but it would have been worth every single cent at full price XDOnly two real CONs:* on older computers (or older graphic cards) the game could perform really badly, since there is no frame skip. As a result, everything will go in slow-motion, killing the purpose of the game itself :/* to play it with some USB controllers, it is necessary to download a third-party tool/key mapper (e.g. X360CE) - as for many other games around here :/Oh, and trust me:a controller is indeed needed. Attempting to play this game with a keyboard will lead to frequent rage quits or key smashing. Without a controller, it's extremely difficult to play properly, given the dynamic feeling and pace of the game itself.Highly recommended!Every real fan of Metroidvania games and classic arcade scrolling games should give it a try!"
76561198216316147,Recommended,235210,21144837,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MosesNarcisse,I thought it was pretty good.
,Recommended,235210,19756406,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,triplebooyah,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good. Not anywhere near as difficult as the old Sega version, but still really challenging on hard mode. Good fast pace to the action, and feels very familiar and smooth."
,Recommended,235210,15568600,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,NeoChaos,"If you love Metroidvania games, this is a must-have title. Lots of exploration possible with a surprisingly deep fighting engine makes for a hell of an experience. Short, though - only took me about 10 hours to 100% everything on Normal difficulty."
,Recommended,235210,19903251,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bosman752,"I may not be the best person to review a game such as this, as I have never been the best at platformers. But, I do believe in a gradual scale of difficulty. Within 5 minutes, I basically hit a brick wall, as I had enemies thrown at me left and right and kept getting killed in the same spot. I know a lot of people look for the ""NES"" level of difficulty, but I'm not. If you can get past the difficulty, the game looks and plays beautifully. The controls are great and it feels true to its successor, which I have beating by the way. So, I'm not looking for an NES hard game-I grew up with the NES and remember how difficult it was. I'm looking for something with reasonable challange and a good story. This may be your cup of tea and definetly worth a look at."
,Recommended,235210,19927478,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,par2,"It's fun , if you have a Joystick !!It's nightmare without a JoystickBeacuse it cant change button.玩了一會,感覺蠻好玩~但是沒有手把會超難玩~~無法 設定按鍵..對於習慣 WASD 操作的鍵盤玩家就算最EASY 也是個折磨..... 遊戲冷凍中 !!"
,Recommended,235210,19946361,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,WhIt3C4t,"very nice game, like from the beginning to the end, better to play on controller!"
,Recommended,235210,20011117,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Headless Hydra,"Fun and easy game, with interesting mechanics. Worth a few hours of play."
,Recommended,235210,20012979,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BreezyBone,I played this game for little under an hour and couldn't pull myself away from my screen. The gameplay is amazing! The graphics are great for a 2.5d sidescroller and the boss fights are absolutely memerable. It is a must buy. I'm serious.
76561198108238874,Recommended,235210,20483845,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,GothicLolitaHugo,https://hugosreviews.wordpress.com/2015/09/29/strider-the-latest-one-on-pc-button-mashing-ftw/
76561198071828346,Recommended,235210,20451308,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seigi,"A modern revival of the old Capcom series, this game manages to revitalize Strider, while paying homage to the older games.Expect plenty of enemies, boss fights, secrets and upgrades, all while dashing and cutting your way through the end.Fast and fun gameplay, which maybe could have been deeper than it is, but it manages to keep you hooked until the end.Not very long, but replayable.Recommended."
76561198116685704,Recommended,235210,20595978,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DataBliss,This game is really funI havent had this much run and punch fun since Viewtiful Joe. Everything from the the power ups to the enemies to the bosses is super high octane fun. its not one of those games where ou get a power up for a specific level then never use it again. Your always swapping and youll always have that favourite that becomes your new default.But its not perfect. For some reason the devs felt the need to kinda disregard everything you learn through out the game for the final boss. Where its this upside down confusing mess with more or less gimiky controls. As well as if your not a fan of new game + make a second save when you get to the final boss because the game will remove everything including items collected.
,Recommended,235210,20801127,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ninj0r,"Well executed open world feel makes this Strider game feel great. The controls are tight and responsive and there are plenty of moves and combinations to master. Strider feels fluid, powerful, and is a lot of fun to control. The visuals, sound, and art style are all solid and work together well.There are a lot of secrets to find if you like exploring, but many of them take the form of ""you can't get here until you learn move XYZ 2 levels later"" so you'll end up back tracking a lot if you want to find everything. I didn't bother.I beat the game in 4:40 minutes with 45% ""completion"" rate, so the length isn't too long. If you try to get full completion though it will take you much longer. There are also challenges that you can do for more replay value.One big gripe: the game will decide to use one controller randomly without any in game option to select which controller to use. If you have multiple controllers, this is a pain. In order to get the controller you want, you have to manually edit a settings file in the game's directory. Weak."
,Recommended,235210,20529599,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TLG [ThePhantom],"As someone who played the first Strider game on Sega Genesis, I can say this game is truly perfect. It starts with the modified version of the same music and cutscene that plays in the beginning of the first Strider. However, It's A LOT EASIER than the first game which I don't consider it a really bad thing. At least you can finish the game!Also, to be honest, I had a lot of fun playing this game; Just run and slash everything that stands in your way.If you like fast platforming games, I think you really need to try this game, And probably you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,235210,14036638,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Geoson,"Strider was a very fun and enjoyable action side scroller. Filled with beautiful lighting and fast paced fights, it reminded me of the old days of NES and SNES titles like Metroid and Megaman, along with the (of course) previous installments in the Strider franchise. (Which I have not yet gotten a chance to try personally.) I encourage the use of a controller with this game, but those on the keyboard should be able to manage.Liked:-Fun-Fast-Fluid-Metroidvania-Level design (in general*)Disliked:-Stun locks-Poorly designed invisible walls*-Unengaging story-Questionable voice acting-Anti-climatic ending-Saving at the end of the game stops you from going back and collecting everything. Is an option not to save however. (Awesome reward for beating the final boss... /sarcasm)Overall Score: 6/10"
,Recommended,235210,15434274,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,PixelGrotto,"This is a reimagining of the old Strider games, and it has the same basic concept - cyborg ninja fights the evil forces of Cold War-esque dictator Grandmaster Meio by slashing baddies with his cypher and running/flipping/climbing on walls with sickles and a robot panther and falcon. That's a pretty loaded sentence and if you thought ""wow, that sounds awesome!"" then this is the game for you. The graphics are very gorgeous and gameplay is generally fast and furious if your computer can handle it; I had to turn down the resolution quite a bit and there was still lots of slowdown, though it was certainly cinematic at times with Strider dodging bullets in slow-mo like an uber boss.Structurally the game differs from past Striders (except for the NES game) by taking on a Metroidvania format - you run around sections of a big map collecting abilities and fighting bosses in order to unlock access to new areas. Nothing wrong with that, I love Metroidvanias - but Strider 2014 does feel padded at times even though it's not a really long game. Certain sections drag and the map feels overly big and occasionally confusing thanks to different ""planes"" that don't really make much sense. I never felt the need to run around and explore every nook and cranny or snag every ability, which is really a first for me in a Metroidvania game.Aside from some dullness that will likely keep me from replaying this anytime soon, Strider 2014 is worth it if the idea of communist-fighting ninjas appeals to you or if you're a fan of the older games. At its best, it's full of nostalgia with old bosses like the Pooh Sisters and the robot gorilla all present and accounted for. Also the NES Strider theme plays in the background sometimes and really got me pumped more than once, so I guess that was worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,235210,13578390,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rockavik,"Stays faithful to one of my all time favorites the original Strider and I really Love the atmosphere, the story aswell as that old school gameplay, best game ive played in a long long time! :D"
,Recommended,235210,14942851,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mulard,"Good classic side scroller. Reasonably challenging, even on normal difficulty."
76561197977394942,Recommended,235210,15257875,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,kagekirazuul,"9.5/10This game is GREAT!  As someone who beat the genesis strider 1 and strider returns, NES Strider, Playstation Strider 2 (Japanese version), and who has been slaying people on MVC1, 2, and 3 ultimate, this is a wonderful game.  It's like the creators looked at the game Moon Diver which was supposed to be the successor to the Strider franchise, and learned from all the mistakes that were made in that title.  Even without ANY powerups, from the get go, Strider feels just as sleek and fine tuned in his handling and controls as he did on any of his previous incarnations including MVC.  Add in all the cool power ups, the button combinations that are needed to traverse levels, and the multitude of secrets waiting for the gamer with an eye for exploration, and you have a wonderful romp in a revamped Strider universe that  pays many nods to the previous games.There are only a few things for which I fault this game.  Firstly, the music is awesome, especially the nod to the NES Egypt Rail Carrier track.  The track is slower and there are trains in the background capturing some of the feel of the original NES content. However, it drops the ball in that there is no level that takes place on a high speed train.  This was an effect that was supremely brought to life on the NES.  With the current technology, it would have been awesome to see how an idea such as this could have been illustrated and also the game mechanics that would have been involved.  Secondly, we are given different color palattes for Strider as mementos from fallen Striders.  This is a cop-out as it would have been much better to actually RESCUE said Striders and have them join Strider's team either as a type of limited subweapon or as an AI controlled ally or as a completely different character that can be swapped out at any save station.With that said, if there were other playable characters, the idea of Co-op would easily be implementable.  And, considering that Co-op was already a part of Moon Diver, there is really no excuse for there to be a lack of couch Co-op for Strider.Still, that only amounts to a 0.5 point deduction on an awesome game."
,Recommended,235210,15446059,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jimmyhazard,Gingerly place the old Strider arcade game and the NES Metroid in a pillow case. Then smash repeatedly against the ground. Now pour into a new graphics engine. Serve warm over a future Cold War.
,Recommended,235210,15171787,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Gobaku,"Mash mash mash, explosions, ninja blur. The gameplay is more than awesome, storyline well.. erm... Explosions!!!"
76561198038137532,Recommended,235210,16057819,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BRRRRRROCK LLLLLLLESNARRRR,"I have to say one of the best things about this game is that at the start you have so little at your disposal, and at the end you have a ton. Like, it can actually be hard to keep track of the exact tool to use for some situations, but I guess that's one of the reasons I had so much fun with this game. This game HIGHLY rewards exploration with its metroidvania-esque map layout and also makes the player learn and think on the fly with its highly entertaining boss battles. If you are a fan of metroidvania titles, like cyborg ninjas, or just want a fun game that brings to life aspects of classic gaming that made us all love games so much, then please pick this up!"
76561198079904097,Recommended,235210,15988624,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bread,"Challenging combat, plenty of playtime, and lots of little trinkets to search for.And you can deflect bullets.Love it."
,Recommended,235210,15976806,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BenjaSD11,"Really good game that makes you remember the classic games, 10/10 for Strider Hiryu"
,Recommended,235210,16508052,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Heero713,This game is badass i would like it but its a bit diffacult to play but then agen im not very good at games in the first place i did wish i could wish i can alter the keys
,Recommended,235210,16508845,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ryan,Really solid metroidvania game. Lots of fun for people who like hack n' slash platformers.
,Recommended,235210,11272508,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Neomorph,Pure Addiction!
,Recommended,235210,16504664,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EagerBeever,"Cool game, imagine playing Shadow Complex, except as a Ninja and that's what this is like. There is a story and I don't follow the Strider universe, so it doesn't matter to me, but the gameplay is the real reason to get this... Definitely worth the $5 sale price I paid (I think $14.99 is a little high, $9.99 would be a better normal price)."
,Recommended,235210,9717330,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Xenoranger,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-78qDzCQsyE
76561197985704187,Recommended,235210,10054649,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,I'D BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!
76561198096444803,Recommended,235210,10031873,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Exalted Saber,"This is an amazing platformer game that makes me take back to the old arcade games. Strider is a very fast pace game and will provide a great experience for anymore wanting to play old style arcade games. The combat system is spot on, the music is great, and the gameplay is amazing. Easily a 9/10 for me."
76561198107233364,Recommended,235210,9954873,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,theaquaticwolf,"Strider is an amazing platformer based on a futuristic ninja (Hiryu) carrying out tasks as being in the strongest ninja class in the  Strider program/clan. It's very fun with the amount of exploration, unlockables, new powers (you can unlock powers in-game), etc. The only downsides are a glich at the first boss (not all the time), and that it isn't multiplayer (can't complain on that too much)."
,Recommended,235210,11174669,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),i'm a ninja
,Recommended,235210,11285605,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mista Simple,"Never played Strider before, now every hour on the game will always be fun. Unless I end up going backwards from too much exploration and filling out my map.Also controller support? Oh, i just have to go into the freaking game folder and create a new file with scripts to bind my buttons. Full controller support is a complete lie. At best, little controller support if you count a text file with confusing instructions. Good thing I had a program that can just input controls from my controller.Still recommend the game. Just one small to large issue depending on what you play platformers with."
,Recommended,235210,11202287,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,xM_G,"Except for the fact the the bosses are not hard and I only died once in 2 hours of playing, It's a decent game."
76561197993488721,Recommended,235210,11273355,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,psirving,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing this action platformer. It's smooth, fast-paced, artful, expansive, and satisfied my nostalgia for old school platformers."
76561198039585522,Recommended,235210,11274804,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,yea that's what daddy likes
,Recommended,235210,11275970,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mitchykins (ミッチキンズ),"I came into this game expecting it to be like any other crappy reboot, and I was pleasently surprised to find that this game was actually pretty good.Sure it has it's faults but this is a pretty nice game and worth a look"
,Recommended,235210,11341394,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DarthLuiggi,I love it! Metroid / Castlevania like.
,Recommended,235210,11342909,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Richard Simmons,"If you liked the old originals then you will like this.Pros: Decent Graphics, very nice reponsive controls for the most part, cool moves, a good amount of gameplayCons: some of the boss fights are a little meh, they have over powered weapons for the most part. Levels seem to all run together which makes sense if you look at the map but would have been nice to have them broken up a bit to some other styles.I would reccomend you buy this. RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,235210,11344428,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"Hm, the game's been out for months, and still no overpriced DLC. I hope I didn't Jynx it."
76561198039355496,Recommended,235210,11334898,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,bcalrogers,"I think I've moved past the strider, ninja gaiden, shinobi type games but if I had this back in the day it'd be on the top of my list. It is hard as nails but fun and rewarding. If you like fast a fast paced game where you kick the crap out of everything on the screen this is the game for you. If getting the crap kicked out of you by everything on the screen is off-putting run away from this title."
76561198048498273,Recommended,235210,11339271,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SonofaGlitch,"Wow.GRIN's Bionic Commando Rearmed is probably my favorite action game of all time, striking the perfect balance of classic 8-bit old school design and modern gameplay conventions into a blended whole that surpasses all prior (and sadly, subsequent) versions of the franchise. Amazingly, Double Helix's recent version of Strider does the exact same thing for the Cyber-Ninja that seemingly had a larger following in the fighting game scene than in his own titles.Now, Strider's not BCR exactly. Some choices seem a smidge ill-fitting at first. Like the Metroidvania ""single grand level"" concept seems odd when you have such a mobile character who traditionally has gone through disparate locales in his games like a horny teenager goes through tissues, but they pack it with so many devious traps to flip around and baddies to chop up in such a large set of locations you'll never notice once you get going. Besides, it allows for a ""just right"" amount of item collection and several super-hidden spots concealing bonus costumes and concept art to give players their OCD collector fix.In general, that's probably the best descriptor of the game design as a whole: just right. And it leads a constant cavalcade of classic Capcom chaos! So much so that there's little to actually say about most of the moment ot moment gameplay that wouldn't just spoil the experience if you're interested after seeing the trailers. Like the Matrix, you really can't be told how awesome it is to be Strider Hiryu, you have to experience it for yourself.I for one, highly recommend plunking down the simoleans to give Strider a go. You'll be slicing and dicing through hordes of Russian Cyber-men within seconds, and flipping and ninja-vanishing around deadly traps while reflecting bullets into robots and summoning your holo-panther buddy to tear new holes into old foes for the next 4-9 hours depending on your difficulty and how much you want to collect."
,Recommended,235210,11354145,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Buff Beefbroth,"Hot damn, this game owns. Finely tuned platforming, responsive combat, a fair challenge, and some light Metroidvania elements. If you want a fast and addicting sidescroller, there's not much better than this on Steam."
76561198076488471,Recommended,235210,11194220,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jeezuus,Lots of running around collecting power ups and slashing enemies on the way. Quick and easy 100% Achievements can be done in 2 game completions.
,Recommended,235210,11162521,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"Honestly, this was a better effort than I was expecting.  The manic pace, rapid fire slashing and cartwheeling acrobatics are all intact from the arcade original.  References to that game abound, and I couldn't help but smile to see a nod to the strange NES  version many of us without access to a Genesis endured.  Boss fights are plentiful and well-designed, relying on classic pattern memorization skills to get through.That being said, Strider has a few issues.  Instead of a linear action game, we're instead greeted by a lite Metroidvania affair.  This is fine, but unfortunately many of the ""rooms"" are massive and sparesely populated with enemies, making it extremely easy to blast through them with little effort from the player.  The music is also weirdly subdued and sounds as though composer Michael Mollo was trying to remix the original soundtrack in a similar way to Simon Viklund's work on Bionic Commando Rearmed.  What little I could hear of it under the chaos of battle failed to evoke a similar response; a real shame considering the original game's strange and bombastic score.A solid effort from Double Helix.  I wish Hiryu would pop in more often."
,Recommended,235210,12136003,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Xzi,"One of the best, if not THE best game of its type in the modern age.  It's a shame, then, that there aren't more games like it being released more often."
,Recommended,235210,12285831,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,(; ･`д･´),"A good metroidvania, which is hard to come by these days. Although far from perfect.The game itself was a bit too linear for my tastes. Not much reason to backtrack to previous areas and the areas themselves all felt a little...samey.Other than that it's a very solid game and controls very well. Definitely worth the price of admission if you're looking for some metroidvania fun."
,Recommended,235210,12295033,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Nomenanza,The best Strider game that hit the market since Strider 2 (the PS one).
,Recommended,235210,12193915,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Giant Boy Detective,STRIDER™ / ストライダー飛竜® is a pretty cool game about a pretty cool dude that happens to be a ninja man. You run fast and slice and dice! You play as a STRIDER™ who has been in past games such as Strider and Marvel Vs. Capcom 2: New Age of People! HYA HYA HYA HYA HYA is the sound you will hear often as you run through hordes of evil robit mens and it will surely be a blast in the pants.
76561198023224388,Recommended,235210,12194753,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Goatseface Killah,"rock solid castlemetroidvania interpretation of STRIDER, looks great, plays great, the voice acting is the correct amount of CAPCOM, sublime design, just good overall. My only complaint is that the game isn't nearly wacky enough. Why is the giant snake a lab experiment and not the combined might of the Kazakhstani parliament? Where is the dinosaur world? Why do I not get to fight a shirtless man in a burning building? This isn't really a a complaint but I don't care, please fix this for a sequel."
,Recommended,235210,12197035,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Boinkasaurus,"This game feels amazing. Theres a small learning curve yet there is a lot of room for players to improve and master Strider's moves so they look natural and effortless. The voice overs I find funny but don't take anything away because theres an option to mute the characters and just read the subtitles. (try japanese voices might sound right).The freedom to visit aread I've cleared was fun but it also left me confused as to what to do next. There is a type of beacon that shows where to go next, so I don't see it as a fault in the game. The biggest downside about this game is that the controls can't be changed in the options menu. No, you'll need to go into the game folder and change them manually. Since the community is pretty cool, instructions can be found on how to change all those to however you like.It's a fun game to master, definitely."
,Recommended,235210,15113084,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,dorovar,"If you enjoyed the original for Sega Genesis/Arcade (or even the separate NES game) and you like Metroidvania-type games, you should most definitely play this!"
,Recommended,235210,11268484,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,rey de low priority,"game is amazing, play while you're caffeinated or rolling or high"
,Recommended,235210,14856074,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kousei,"Stridera metroidvania action platformerStrider is a metroidvania in a way that you collect items and upgrades that is (sometimes) necessary to make progress and just helps you overall throughout the game. You start with just your primary weapon (the cypher) which lets you cut through enemies. And  will unlock more abilities like a Charges slash and kunai to shoot at enemies. The more you explore for collectibles, the more beneficial it will be for you.Depending on how you play the game, it can be long or short.If you want to collect all the collectibles, (which i recommend) you'll easily reach between 10-15 hours of gameplay.If not, then you can beat the game in under 5 hours if you go pretty quick.This game is one of my favorates and hope it can be for you too.definitely recommend."
76561198140060876,Recommended,235210,15059079,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sasuke,Excellent game.
,Recommended,235210,14269849,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,olo,"olo thought this game was very fun and slightly to the old megaman x games.  The graphics were very good, and the combat system was good, but some things were strikingly overpowered making the game pretty easy.  throwing daggers made every boss a thoughtless task.  The hidden items didnt add much variety to your character, they were only powerups."
76561197979421022,Recommended,235210,14552222,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,powermitch,"Overall: Strong exploration/action game.  Simple, effective.  The Pros are broad and the Cons are narrow for a reason.Pros: Beautiful, lovely world design (very Einhander-esque) with a strong score and tight controls.Cons: For as pretty as it is, I was a little bored after awhile; I never learned who the character was or why he was doing what he was doing.  The entire game is In Media Res which gets old after a half-dozen hours of Fighting the Good Fight.  The automated annoucements that provide strong atmosphere at first get incredibly repetitive after a short time.Rating: **** / *****"
,Recommended,235210,14395126,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vitek R,"Fantastic action sidescroller, with very light Metroidvania style.  This is not a game for the weak willed gamer, its extremely forgiving to those of us who enjoy ""hard"" games, but its hard enough and requires a degree of effort on the player that will almost certainly cause many modern gamers to wail and gnash teeth.  You have been warned."
,Recommended,235210,14378268,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zezima,"Classic SNES game feel and Metroidvania style collecting and exploration. The enemies are kinda samey and early on the environments are a tad boring, but once the game opens itself via equipment upgrades, the game is a blast. Also mecha gorillas.I give Strider a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,235210,14330845,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Blacklungs,"Fast paced, skill based and visually stunning, this game has it all and more!"
,Recommended,235210,14380870,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Steffan,"Do you like Metroid?Do you like Mega Man X?I do, and this game being the marriage of the two works out very well. Strider plays like a smoother, quicker modern version of how Zero played in Mega Man X4 and X5. The best thing about this game is that very feel; your character can slash enemies 1:1 with how fast you can mash the attack button and it's very satisfying to plow through enemies at a full sprint.The game is somewhat of a free form metroidvania, but only somewhat. Your objectives are given to you marked on a map and you only need to backtrack through one area in order to fight a particular boss. You can find secrets and upgrades by exploring more once you've powered up, but all of the crucial stuff you'll find just by letting the game hold your hand. The fact that the city is technically open to exploration is nice though, and it doesn't slow the pace of the game if you don't let it. Surely going back to grab stuff often serves as a nice break between difficult boss fights.So the gameplay is really solid all around and that's what's important- however you may find that things are lacking in art direction and story. There are a handful of environments to traverse as the city is separated into districts, but each one is blander than the last. Visually, the game doesn't have much personality especially when you consider that the character's mouths don't move during voice acted cutscenes. I'm not a visual designer, but what I think what this game needed was a darker, more dystopian tone rather than the spitshined anime one we got.The story can't be called a disaster because it isn't really there, but what is there feels dissapointing in light of the fact that they actually bothered to animate a few cutscenes and record dialogue. Especially after defeating the final boss, you might find that the complete lack of meaningful exposition or resolution brings down the experience.Overall, an 8/10 with one point deducted for the each of the two paragraphs above. The gamplay style is timeless and I disagree with the majority of people who found this game frustrating. At about 7 hours for my first normal playthrough, it may be most worth it to buy during a 50% sale but it is generally worth it anyway. It's a fun time."
,Not Recommended,235210,13728620,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SlaterDies,"Steals the look and formula of Shadow Complex, and leaves out the fun. Game feels endless and boring."
76561198017902285,Recommended,235210,14915034,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,vinnysmashesbabies,"If you always thought the NES Strider had the potential to be a great game but felt it was rushed, this Strider refines everything it had plus more into an excellent Metroidvania (platformer/adventure hybrid) type of game. You don't have to be a fan of the original Arcade and/or NES Striders to enjoy this game, but it will greatly enhance your experience with this game. I was pleasantly surprised to hear soundtracks from the Arcade and NES games."
,Recommended,235210,14255891,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,croze,"Solid game.It has decent combat, map design and tight responsive controls. Pretty good metroidvania style game that suffers from lack of enemy variety but does have unquie bosses and cool futuristic setting. I would recommend picking it up on sale."
,Recommended,235210,19681110,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lukamo,"This game is just pure action non-stopI've had great fun playing it. Nearly done, just collecting bonus items before the last boss.I love how everything is fluid. The attacks, special abilities, etc, just flow in to eachother.My only wish would be to have a minor tweak in the attacks/abilities/models for the ""hidden characters"".ex : One would have 1.5 attack reach, one would have more airtime, one with faster casting for abilities, one with 2x dmg but 4x incoming damage, stuff like that..It's fun to change skin once in a while but it would make things more enjoyable and diverse, especially in the phase where i'm just running from left to right of the map to collect items.All in all, play this game you wont regret it"
76561197960446959,Recommended,235210,19664704,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,brokenlibrarian,"At its core, Strider 2014 is a high-speed Metroidvania. It follows the formula pretty straight: platforming, distinct zones, collectables, and mobility and weapon upgrades that unlock new areas.Strider's main strength is the feeling of speed and power that was clearly a core design consideration. This is a game about movement, first and foremost, much like the original Capcom arcade title. There's no XP or leveling system, making much of the combat completely optional if you'd rather just blow right past everything instead. But the fact that you can blowthroughenemies instead is part of the appeal, part of the sense of power that the player experiences.This would be irrelevant if the controls weren't good; luckily, Strider controls beautifully. Environments are easy to understand, boss fights are (mostly) about player performance and not trying to figure out what to do, and everything just feels very tuned and well-tested.There’s no story to speak of. There’s a collection of enemies who are clearly made in the 90’s arcade game mold -- they exist to taunt the player, attack, and eventually explode.The voice acting is largely awful but one gets the idea that this was deliberate.The problem, really, is that Strider 2014 is short and shallow. It’s the sort of title that was designed for a $10 - $20 price point, to be downloaded over online services. Once you’ve found all the collectables and upgrades, there is nothing else todoin the world except go fight the final boss. There are challenge levels but they feel tacked-on and don't have any rewards for completion. It’s not like some Metroidvania titles where there’s radically different sorts of play styles depending on enemy drops and equipment choices, where each trip through the game can be very different. The replay value of Strider is in higher difficulty levels and speedrunning, and if you’re not interested in those, you’ll be done with the game in one relatively short playthrough.It’s a short ride, but it’s a fun one."
76561198116246133,Recommended,235210,19592832,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sleeping dog,"This game is really worth to play if you like the old Strider. These guys really made a great job about this old cool game. Robots yell weird words in Russian, like: ""Now I'll bang you!"" ""Look! Here he is!"". Sound more funny, than threatening.Can you imagine a policeman yelling this?But anyway the game is very interesting and very hard to resist, so, just don't even try to play it, if you have no much free time."
,Recommended,235210,19607638,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Unhallowed666,"This game was great! Fast paced action and very acrobatic. Not too difficult and the ending could have been a lot better. I found it annoying that you can't continue after you finish the game unless you click ""Dont Save"". And it would have been great to be able to quick travel more freely to go back and collect upgrades and content.However over all I would give it an 8/10! Hopefully a sequel or more content will come out for this at some point in the future!"
76561198084657727,Recommended,235210,19610893,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Celtic Steel,"I remember playing the old Strider on the Megadrive at least 25 years ago.  loved it then and love this reebot.Its a short but overall really fun and enjoyabe with  fast-paced retro gameplay and modern metrodvania elements with some really cool 3d cityscapes in the background.  It also rewards exploration with plenty of secrets.If you loved the original i'm pretty sure this will bring a smile to your face.  Likewise, if you're just after 5ish hours of platforming space-ninja action then you might want to give this ago.  It doesn't do anything new for the metrodvania, but it does it well"
,Recommended,235210,10510697,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,BrokenHalo,"Really fun, very focused on being a great action based platformer. All sorts of collectibles and upgrades, and their own unique boss fights that are very entertaining"
,Recommended,235210,18344209,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,≡][≡ Emperor's Champion Jay,"This is the game Strider always should have been. The only thing they could have done to make it better is support it on Steam OS.I have only one issue, the English voice acting could have been paced better to match the animations."
76561198038476620,Recommended,235210,18398831,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,xXSunglassesTitanXx,10/10
76561198053304143,Recommended,235210,18405597,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bob,Really fun game for a decent price.Nice graphics.The gameplay is smooth and full of action.High replay value as you can replay at higher difficulties or just replay to kill stuff and time :POnly downside is the movement control gets really annoying when u are walking around a Gravitron.9/10
,Recommended,235210,18464967,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Monkie,Incredibly well done gamereally holds true to the spirit and fun of the series
76561197972908598,Recommended,235210,18478714,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Kelderek,"Great metroidvania style action game!  Fun exploration and new powers, coupled with great graphics.  My biggest complaint is that revisiting areas in the late game to find things you missed is a confusing and terrible slog.  It really needs either fast travel or at least the option to set a waypoint so it can guide you where you want to go."
76561198109181829,Not Recommended,235210,18512572,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TOR,"Goddamn this ♥♥♥♥ing game!! A great game RUINED by stupid programming. No real controller support, no ability to remap the controls, the hoops that I had to jump through just to USE a controller were OUTRAGEOUS!!! Let alone the few and far between autosave points and the phasing into the wall glitches... ♥♥♥♥ this game and its programmers."
,Recommended,235210,18531541,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,_creep_,best platformer ive played in years. worth the money!
,Recommended,235210,18521678,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Blue Devil,"The games pretty good, but it's one of those games where you always want to be charge the charge attack move, which really leaves your thumb hurting."
,Recommended,235210,16555017,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,阿修羅,GOOD !!!
,Recommended,235210,16563024,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WebbComics,"It's a good Metroidvania, nuff said"
,Recommended,235210,16563702,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Suvaril,This game is by far better than I had anticipated. Excellent metroidvania ninja game that keeps me wanting to play more.
,Recommended,235210,16564729,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SundownKid,"The game is a great 2.5D metroidvania type game. It's pretty similar to Shadow Complex, except its main weapon is a sword and the main character has a climbing hook they can use to climb underneath things and up walls. With amazing art design and great music, the game revives the Strider IP with a bang and suceeds in making him into a real icon in Capcom's collection (although they don't seem to care very much about icons lately).The only negatives are that the game is beset by some glitches. The fullscreen mode for example is bugged to the point of being broken and causes random crashes, so it is recommended to play in Fullscreen Windowed instead. In addition the game will freeze if the controller is turned on after the game starts.The game's lack of many fast travel points can also be somewhat annoying when you are searching for upgrades or pickups."
,Recommended,235210,16655312,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Metsurambo,"Fast pace, stylish, side-scrolling action. Reminded me of speeding through MMX4 with Zero.Bought it on 70% discount and it was more fun than its worth :)"
76561198019820523,Recommended,235210,18299214,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,justin.j.willcox,"Strider is a patron saint of the 2D arcade pantheon, that I have a little shrine to in my heart. If you remember how awesome the attract mode of the original looked back in '88, then you know how awesome this game will make you feel.Fluid physics; graceful controls. The best Sci-Fi Metroidvania since Shadow Complex. I was deeply skeptical of this game, and it proved me wrong again and again. The swordplay is like a blend of SOTN and MMX - this is an incredible achievement. Well played, Capcom. For the first time in a decade, well played.High points: deflecting almost anything with a plasma sword. Dashing through enemies to cause explosions. Sending explosive kunai into mechs. Listening to the excellent effects work, and noticing callbacks to twenty years of gaming. Riding a holographic plasma panther.10/10, would buy again at full price."
,Not Recommended,235210,18619705,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chish,"Personally I think your money would be better spent on ""Axiom Verge"" or ""Ori and the Blind Forest,"" but if you like quick Metroidvania games and ninja themes then you'll probably like this game."
76561198090500994,Recommended,235210,13752289,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ZECROM334,Super fun. But is very very buggy
,Recommended,235210,13911906,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,bazookaló,Fantastic reboot of the forgotten cult classic action platformer. Stays true to the original in a way that will stimulate your nostalgia glands and make you happy in pants. If you grew up playing the original or just want a well paced action platformer getting this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a no brainer.
,Recommended,235210,21971052,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,KOLKOL,AWESOME NINJA GAME
,Recommended,235210,23563583,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Tj,Strider requires a good PC to run it and it's worth it for Classic Strider fans. Good gameplays and fast pace i manage to get the Speed Demon achievment without even knowing.
,Recommended,235210,20140742,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aruz,"A short game, but a very fun experience nonetheless. I hadn't played any strider games before this, but the visuals are great, the gameplay is smooth, and it's just fun being able to chop things as fast as you can press the attack button."
76561198042109902,Recommended,235210,20168479,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,G4MB1T,"Strider universe + metroid gameplay mechanics + 2.5D visuals + Nostalgia = I had to buy it, play it and love it.  ENOUGH SAID"
76561198012650407,Recommended,235210,20231626,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Crypt Kiddie,Action packed metroidvania style action! I can listen to the sound of Strider's sword swinging all day long!
76561197969267203,Not Recommended,235210,20205309,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,John,"It pains me greatly to write this review....  but this game is optimized like total sh_it. Just read a bit about the NUMROUS problems and slowdowns that other players are having and count me as one of them. I have a work station that handles the most robust graphics applications by day and the most bandwidth and intense games at night when I'm off work... any way on my monster PC this game runs a fu_ckiing crawl for no reason at all. I've done everything that the end user can logically be expected to so to squeeze performance out of this dud and it still is... I mean they fuc_ked up strider! I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right now, one of my cherished childhood favs has been relegated to the ""never going to play"" pile in my steam library, because Capcom can't even remember how to port a game correctly any more. Disgraceful..."
,Recommended,235210,20017108,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Svartsjö,"perfect for taking a break from work/life to kill things. difficulty curve is juuust right, one tier below 'frustrating'. wall scaling eliminates BS platforming that isnt at all necessary in a metroidvania. action is tight. looks great. and a nice amount of cheezy drama in the storyline.happy with this purchase. you probably will be, also."
,Recommended,235210,25558617,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Andronikos,"I played alot of Strider on the NES when I was a kid. . . and I tell you when this remake busted out the Kazakh theme remixed in the first stage, it hit me right in the feels.  The action is really fluid, exactly like a Strider game should feel.  I really like the different perspectives and the 3-D aspects of this new iteration.  It has crashed a number of times on me, which resets me back to the last checkpoint, but the gameplay is so fun I didn't mind all that much.  If you were a Strider fan, or appreciate metroidvania games, this game is really worth it."
76561198009352377,Recommended,235210,25473018,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Caldwell04,"Fast-paced, easy-to-learn, satisfying Metroidvania-style platformer, but it's STRIDER. One of my favorite NES games updated with excellent graphics, far better controls, and a sense of speed that is extra satisfying when you only have a half-hour or an hour to play. Recent problems with sudden game crashes seems to have been fixed by the latest Nvidia drivers (I'm playing on a laptop with a GTX 870m). Highly recommended."
,Recommended,235210,22389597,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Sadalsuud,"If you loved the gameplay of the arcade Strider games as well as the PS2 port of the sequel, you're going to love this title. Packed with replay value and areas to explore, Strider is not only smooth and responsive, it's addictive! The boss battles are challenging but not terribly difficult once you figure out patterns and how Strider's abilities can counter, and ninja'ing your way through the levels will give you sweaty palms in a good way. Very few cons, very glad that Capcom decided to revisit this property - though, I feel, this game does play so much better with a controller."
,Recommended,235210,11278307,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Papallion,"This is a very satisfying game.  The health containers are well spaced, the enemies are designed for maximum ninja slashing happiness and the controls are spot on.  When I fell off a ledge or fumbled a jump I never felt the game was poorly designed.  The bosses are fun and challenging without being a controller shattering effort.  It’s bright, colorful and everything is easy to see, and it’s easy to figure out where to go.  This is a really fun game, and it reminded me of playing Super Metroid for the first time.  Nine stolen cheese wheels out of ten!"
,Recommended,235210,22008688,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Doomsdrzej,Anyone who likes games of the Metroid or Castlevania type will enjoy Strider. It's an inexpensive game with lots of fun to be had which doesn't last so long that you get fed up of it. People who grew up with the original should find it especially wonderful.
,Recommended,235210,30763879,Posted: 26 March,all,Dejavu,"It's a good game, but i takes some time to pick up.Before you have a few powers and kunais i find that the games is much less interesting, combat feels limited and not very fruid. After getting those, the combat plays much more fluid and battles from room to room or dashing through enemies avoiding the fights becomes a lot more interesting."
,Recommended,235210,23050951,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,fanta,definitely cool hack and slash game
,Recommended,235210,23107898,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sorenthaz,"Overall a very fun, albeit short, Metroidvania title.  What it lacks in story it makes up for in the fluid, fast-paced combat and wonderful visuals as well as controls that feel really good (at least with a controller).   Game can be completed within probably 4-8 hours depending on whether or not you try to find all the hidden upgrades and collectibles (costumes (which are just recolors), enemy intel, concept art, etc.).   Doesn't really have much for replayability and navigating back to previous areas to collect stuff can feel daunting, but overall it's a fun little game for the length it provides.Would recommend waiting for it to be on sale as you probably won't get 15 hours out of it unless you're a completionist or enjoy the gameplay enough to play it a few times through."
,Recommended,235210,23033361,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,therubdown,"Barely any story.  Mashy fluid gameplay.  More action game than Metroidvania, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.Good for a mindless time, but the map tells you basically everything you need to do.Not much strategy involved with the combat, though you do get upgrades to change the element of your sword which adjusts your style slightly.  Same enemies over and over, and the only strategy to speak of is mash or jump away when you see them telegraph their moves, which isn't really required since you have so much health so quickly.Best bit is that the movement is quick and simple enough to have you all over the map with ease.  No precision platforming here.Overall, you hit attack a lot, the game is easy, the map lines out where nearly everything that isn't a useless collectable is and even tells you which power up to use, but I didn't find myself hating it.  Not that I'm gonna finish it, but I'm sure to others it'd be more exciting.6/10"
,Recommended,235210,24480720,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Smokalotapotamus,I'm a big fan of both the original Strider coin-op and Metroidvania style games. This is definitely a great game in my opinion.
76561197973546369,Recommended,235210,24712232,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bellum,A really fun and action packed game. Not a great metroidvania game but it is a great action game.  It is diificult to figure out what each area does and how they connect.
76561198039500657,Recommended,235210,24646794,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,matthewmx,"The last few years have seen a flood of retro games in the Mario mold, emphasizing twitch reflexes and perfect gameplay. They're unforgiving races against the clock. They're ... not that fun. (YMMV.)Strider isn't one of those games. A remake of a Capcom ""guy game"" classic from the arcades and home systems, Strider rewards creativity and exploration. It feels great with a controller--and I'd only play it with a controller--and true to Metroidvania roots, it's not an ""instant death"" affair.I haven't noticed any major bugs or issues, although it slows down sometimes when the screen zooms out to maximum. (Edit: I did have a bug where Hiryu disappeared for a minute or two while riding the Ouroboros. That kinda sucked.) As some have mentioned, this is a short game. I'm only about a couple hours in, but it does seem like it wouldn't take me more than a weekend to beat it.* With that in mind, I'd recommend waiting for a sale rather than buying Strider at full price.* This was also true of Megaman, Bionic Commando, and other Capcom games."
76561197970530053,Recommended,235210,24740179,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,buttonmush,"Great game, remember the original well in the local arcade and megadrive.Runs lovely but it should really on my rig considering it's a PS3 port?No crashes on either system I've got it on, runs perfectly.Only issue was it setting to 30fps on my living room console PC, cured by changing the windowed setting or something and then the 60fps 1080 option appeared."
,Recommended,235210,24619059,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,CatDad500,Strider is a fun 5 dollar game. It is a bit short and teh save system can be a bit infuriating. Whenever you see checkpoint flash at the bottom that is not your game actually saving. Still good controls and fun all around.
,Recommended,235210,25849125,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JaptainCack69,noice
,Recommended,235210,25958110,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[SSN]Jocke,Amazing metroidvania
76561198073927253,Recommended,235210,25428138,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,von Sanneck,"Normal playthrough: 10h 23minHard playthrough: 10h 43min (though it might as well be 20+ hours)So after I beat the game on normal I though I'd get my moneys worth and play the game on hard. It was deffenetly a challange if not fully frustrating at times and I got all but 1 achievement doing so as well as 100% of the items & upgrades.I did find a lot of flaws while doing so as well namely the game is locked to vsync and forcfully unlocking it is a bad idea. On windowed fullscreen it locks to 50hz on my system: I get it, PAL retro being assigned that. The visuals seem garnered for 720p so on a 1080p 24'' monitor the textures really suffer even with all the injected AA & AO.Soundtrack is fantastic, nothing wrong there.Some cinematics hide loading times, so expect some to be partially if not fully skip-able.You need a gamepad, though that's very much a given for 2D platformers.Then there are the bugs, like when I catapulted on a ledge in the research secot and teleported me all the way down (specifically the platforming challange part trying to get intel orbs). There are more, but I have to go back and catalogue them.An enjoyable game, but it has caveats.Also Meio's Tower can go die on the Hard difficulty, the last phase of the elevator is really annoying.Old Review: If you like Metroidvania this one does a lot right. Give it a go.If you like the Stider stuff this is very faithful and a loveletter to it.Could use some polish here and there, but nothing major."
,Recommended,235210,25811640,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Paulkdragon,"i only have 1 thing to say about this game ""MAKE A SEQUEL CAPCOM!!!""MY GOD this is by far one the best Strider games i have EVER played combine Ninja action plus Metroidvania like elements and you got one game there you will just keep on playingim a sucker for those Metroidvania type gamesDust: an Elysian tailCastlevania: Symphony of the Nightand now this game is on the list!(i might have forgotten a few please let me know if i miss any)but anyway i would HIGHLY reccomend this game the Arcade versions of Strider don't even come close to this awesome gameif you didn't play this game you are missing out!!10/10!"
76561197972551602,Recommended,235210,27502931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bT*LokiJester,A extremely fun Metroidvaina style game that has regretfully becoming a rare treasure.  Best if played usiong a controller.
76561198119607988,Recommended,235210,23428646,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HOSS DELGADO,♥♥♥♥ING HARD AS ♥♥♥♥ AW GOD STOP KILLING ME FLYING ROBOTS AHHH ♥♥♥♥.Long story short good game
76561198162990699,Recommended,235210,23573990,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,agk90_,I'm having a blast with it.Satisfying combat system.Great platforming.and resposnsive controls
76561198024977145,Recommended,235210,23743262,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,monorail khat,"Sharp controls, good gameplay.  Strider for NES was the first game i ever owned (that my parents bought for me), so bonus nostalgia points.  Story could have been better, i guess."
,Recommended,235210,23809231,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mark 🦈,"How come I never heard about this new Strider game before?Strider was one of the BEST platformers for the GENESIS, so I gave this one a try.And oh boy, it did not disappoint. I only paused because I HAD to recommend this game.Definitely one of the coolest platformers I've played recently"
,Recommended,235210,23797768,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,satsun,"Strider is a very well done side-scroller, the production quality is very good and it held my attention. I completed Strider in 5h19m and at 61%; I got all of the health and power upgrades, but not the accessory upgrades, story pieces, art, or costumes.GameplayYou run around and cut up what looks like robots. You can latch onto walls abd break through floors, you'll also obtain different weapons that unlock corresponding doors as you play through the game. You don't have to kill everything, but sometimes it's required to unlock a room and sometimes it's helpful because they'll knock you off walls. Controls are very responsive, I played with a gamepad.GraphicsThe graphics were well done and the backgrounds fit right in. Nothing looked particularly cheap, the effects are high-quality and everything feels like it fits together.AudioI was very pleased with the audio. Good dynamic range in the sound effects and music, not a loud, dry, compressed sound like many games; it was easy on my ears. Very good electronic soundtrack."
76561197977450814,Recommended,235210,23974826,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,HyperDebtRay,"Overall a really great game that I had a lot of fun with, the difficulty level was perfect for me as it reminds of older days where the current generation wasn't coddled and hand-held through the entire thing. Anyways, if you have the itch for either a: Metroid, Castlevania or a Megaman Zero type game then you are in a for a treat."
,Recommended,235210,23977448,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zazdor,"I was often asked what the game Strider was, and I responded with, ""It's a ninja platformer,"" but that doesn't really describe it fully. Calling it a ninja platformer implies that there is at least one stealth aspect in the game, but au contraire. Strider is  probably the only Hack'n'Slash platformer I've ever heard of. You have this extremely satisfying saber that you can swing as fast as you can click the button, and you eventually get new abilities that let you dodge around enemies like a goddamn baby-face-blaster scout (before the nerf.) You start out the game struggling to kill a couple grunts, but by the end of the game, both from upgrading and getting better, you are cutting through waves of enemies. Strider does this great thing, where it introduces new enemies as bosses, and they kick the crap out of you. Once you die enough times and you kill the boss, you then progress forward only to find that many of the newly found enemies sprawling before you are that very same boss. But because you spent so much time learning their weaknesses, you can now kick the crap out of them no problem.There are, however, some certain broken enemies. The acid-spitting shielded bugs in the sewers will wombo combo you into the next century, and the gorilla boss will stun-lock you for 5 hours. Strider also tries to implement these 3 different combat ""options."" They are stupid and I don't like them. The cutscene models are the same models as the actual game models, so they look like crap, and the voice acting is terrible.There is one more mechanic that is both a blessing and a curse. As you progress through the game, you gain different kinds of sabers, reflect, fire, ice, and homing. The reflect one is great, you can reflect bullets and kill waves of enemies without laying hands on them. The fire one is also great because it lights enemies on fire, and a charge strike can makes enemies explode. The ice saber makes people frozen, there's not much else to say about it. Then there's the homing shot  saber. Ever wanted to cut your attack rate by 3/4 and gain a slightly ranged attack that homes in on a random victim? Well there you go. Now all that is well and fine, I just don't like the ice and homing ones, but the game introduces enemies that have shields that can only be destroyed by a specific type of saber. So you have to dodge enemy fire while meticulously trying to get the game to register your command to change sabers, then break the shield in one hit, then switch back to the old saber to continue on your way. It's not good game design.7/10 So much replayability, the soundtrack was good, and the 3d backgrounds were great. There were a couple rage game mechanics, but I'll let that slide."
,Recommended,235210,24190077,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,Oh my take me back to the cheaper and simpler times of Video Gaming. Thanks guys and I love you. Merry Me? :)
,Recommended,235210,23853843,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hezb0,"Awesome game, fast and fun. Really recommended to all side-scrollers fans here :)"
,Recommended,235210,23843038,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"Dont Do It, Jew It.","I played the game alittle, not that much though.....overall great game"
76561198003003979,Recommended,235210,23410540,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cohiba Skeeza,Awesome... needs a sequel that expands on the gameplay elements and world. Would like to see support for D-pad movement. Hopefully I can do a more in-depth review at a later time.
76561198162616488,Recommended,235210,23461123,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Captain Crosshair #2,Great side scoll game all the way. Fast action with non-stop insanity. If you like side scrollers this game will definatley be pleasing to you. I would definatley use a game pad of some sort. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,235210,23316525,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SwerveMonkey,"As a huge fan of metroid-vania style games this was a suitable substitute for an Xbox arcade game that, until recently, was not yet ported to PC.  the sound track is bareable and the visuals really do bring life back into the dusty franchise that i thought would not get a decent remake.  This game does a good job in breathing new life into a classic game that every side scrolling fan can appreciate."
76561198005545917,Recommended,235210,23428909,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DeadButDreaming,Instant nostalgia!
76561198217950613,Recommended,235210,23430425,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,chopscissors,"Holy crap, I can't believe I debated on whether to buy this game.  Got it on the Daily Deal for 4 and a half bucks, then proceeded to play for 3 and a half hours straight.  Great fun.This game reminds me of when I was a kid, and playing those great Nintendo and Sega platformers that you couldn't wait to get home from school to play.  Not so much because it's Strider, but because it doesn't try to be ""Next-Gen"", and just focuses on great gameplay.  There's no weird sh*t or gimmicks to pull your attention away.It's also not a heavy lift - controls are precise and simple.  This is a game with a lot of hidden stuff, but it also WANTS you to find that hidden stuff.  There's some backtracking involved to get to hidden items (like when you gain a new ability, and so can reach/break a previously unreachable/unbreakable doorway), but it never comes off as tedious.Well worth the cost, even at full price."
76561198081924876,Recommended,235210,24151983,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,riscdesign,"I really like this game. It is a good fun action platformer, in the spirit of castlevania and metroid. Lots of interesting enemies to fight and items to find. There are always enemies that are challenging to fight and require you to be quick on your feet. It took me around 10 hours for me to complete the game the first time, but I enjoyed every minute of it. There is some replay value to it and the game has extra challenges outside the main story line / gameplay mode."
,Recommended,235210,24332631,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SteppenWolf,"Amazing beat 'em up game i've played in years. Graphics, design and sound effects are top notch. Maybe some voice acting is silly but that's all. It was very fun to play."
,Recommended,235210,29211042,Posted: 12 January,all,Wakisashi,"Strider is a good game that I would recommend whether you love Metroidvanias or not. Maybe not the best of that genre, but good. Movement felt very slow at first and still felt a bit slow towards end. 100% find is quite difficult and traversing back through areas were challenging due the map not showing you were exits went and there is no fast travel. Normal was pretty easy, and uninterested in trying hard mode. Boss fights were pretty easy (normal), as I only had to retry less than a handful of them."
76561197971034014,Recommended,235210,29133247,Posted: 8 January,all,Blasatrigga,"Strider by Double Helix is a great side scrolling adventure, the game features crisp controls a variety of abilites, power-ups, tough yet reachable achievements and a few good play throughs. The design and methods our crafty Ninja Hero Hiryu goes about climbing, flipping, slicing, dicing, teleporting, and projecting himself through the multiple levels of this game is a blast, the action, the pace, the difficulty at not getting hit, loading up your cypher sword and going all out on some unfortunate Meio kronies is a thrilling ride...for awhile.One of the achievements and probably the most worrisome is the complete in 4 hours achievement - this is totally possible on any setting as the games areas to travel and places to go are limited, with the help of a few maps from online you can plot a course that will take you directly or almost near direct paths with almost all power ups to beat the game in 4 hours. I completed it in 3:05 and think I missed 1 power up.Strider had very few cons, I think 3 overall:The first and biggest one is that Double Helix the designer of the game is no longer in business. Strider has such a comfortable blend of action, evasion, and puzzles while it glides along quickly enough that you can beat it in under 4 hours once youve honed your skill.The Second con would be that is it such a short game, there are some extra modes like survival where you try to survive wave after wave of enemies or the time trials where you run around the maps hitting beacons in a certain time frame to collect A - F rank, but they got old quick.The Third is the Direct X, if you dont have DX11 it cant run on your machine, some people have posted about this, and there is supposedly patches (unofficial patches)- youve been warned.If your a platform player this is a must, wait for a sale and enjoy. If you dont usually play platform style games and seek a top of line experience in this genre with top notch quality and representation - Strider is a excellent choice."
76561198007504378,Recommended,235210,29169873,Posted: 10 January,all,Spindle,"Great game, lives up to the high standard set by the original game but ofc with far better graphics and music.It starts off a little rough and you'll most likely die a lot (this is a game you might want to consider playing on easy if you want to finish it as a normie), but as you progress you get upgrades and with these the game becomes a lot more enjoyable to play.You also get a lot of game for your money, took me around 20 hours to finish off the last boss and I had 49% map completion.  Lots of other collectables, different game modes like survival etc.Fun game for a cheap price, a must have for fans of the original Strider or sidescroller type games in general."
76561197998305943,Recommended,235210,29742409,Posted: 6 February,all,kikea,"Well-built Metroidvania game with as much focus on plot as I imagine the original NES game had (none). Feels ultra responsive and withstanding a couple of exceptions plays very well. When you're on a wall, you can't melee below you. Really seems like they just didn't have time to implement it. Gameplay is definitely the strongest part and as you pick up skills it becomes varied and challenging. Exploration is rewarded and the levels are very well designed. Complex but I never felt stuck nor accidentally backtracked though you are generally able to.Looks pretty nice. Voice acting and remnants of plot are mostly atrocious. Would almost be better if it was just silent. Music could have been cooler too. I guess like.. the game didn't really have much character and felt super generic and the bosses and well everything had no context. The game is good, but I feel it will be fairly forgettable."
,Recommended,235210,29933739,Posted: 14 February,all,theSlex,"STRIDER's visuals and theme are not my style. It tends to feel a bit button-mashy as times, as well, which really turns me off. On top of that, you acquire a weapon about 1/3 of the way through the game that you simply spam to beat nearly every boss afterwards. The exploration is also a bit tedious.All that said, STRIDER provides you with a lot of fun weapons to play with, has a straightforward progression system, and plays faster than any Metroidvania title I've experienced to date. It's a solid offering if you're looking for something different."
76561198093363183,Recommended,235210,30111222,Posted: 22 February,all,Smackm0nk3y,I had this game for over a year and just now got around to playing it.  Very fast paced action.  Better than I thought it was going to be.  Serious upgrade from the old NES version I played so long ago.
,Recommended,235210,9263494,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Trippy Pyro (MPH! MPH! MPH!),Upon buying a new computer... the game plays great...minus the random crashing.it is actually really fun. so uh... yeah. i retract my statement....just... if you are below directx11.... DO.NOT.BUY.
76561197977369987,Recommended,235210,32887427,Posted: 27 June,all,Big Chap,"This game seems like it will be really great. Unfortunatly, You NEED a controller to play. it is almost impossible to play on a mouse and keyboard."
76561197994616079,Recommended,235210,33561201,Posted: 15 July,all,Shadowmat,"I played through once on PS3, and now doing it again on PC. One of the best sci-fi Metroidvanias there is! Score: 10/10"
,Not Recommended,235210,14529209,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Herb,if you're looking to get repetitive strain injury then this game is for you
76561198165778106,Recommended,235210,34326202,Posted: 18 August,all,Kangtaw,"This is a very good Strider game. The action, the movement, the adventure, the weapon upgrades; everything is so good. You can only play this game on 64 bit windows only. Please make sure that your OS fits the requirements ...."
76561198068726550,Recommended,235210,34434318,Posted: 23 August,all,geki91,"A fun little game that seems to have been criminally overlooked. It combines art and gameplay elements from the old school Strider arcade game with a metroidvania world. While no element of the game is perfect, it works as a package and there was nothing that stood out as a dealbreaker (although voice acting is bad). Oddly enough, despite the highly forgiving difficulty and positive reviews,  barely anyone actually bothered to play to the end--at time of writing only around 7% of players have the acheivement for finishing the game!"
76561198067733192,Recommended,235210,34644595,Posted: 31 August,all,jibba,awesome throwback game
,Recommended,235210,34668956,Posted: 1 September,all,Lord KKs,"One of the best metrovanias that i've played. Frenetic pace, Well desiged skills, great level design, and good boss fights.I loved the beacon chase from challenge mode (how fast can you go to a starting point to the ending zone). But i missed a boss rush mode, it would be so much fun.One of the problems is the grappling mechanics, you can only jump from it if you are in a vertical position, this lead to so many frustrations from time to time, lol. It would be much better if we could jump whenever we please.Since this game has no lvl, you can skip most of the mops and head straight to the objetive, perfect for speed run!"
76561198063920595,Recommended,235210,34876081,Posted: 10 September,all,Egres122,A fun sidecroller and you run around slashing things into melted butter and deflect lazer fire.
76561198052397991,Recommended,235210,35088652,Posted: 20 September,all,Ellamenohpea,"Fun metroidvania style game.Hard mode wasnt challenging enough, and tricky platforming segments could have been more abundant.It would be nice if the trial mode offered a better score keeping system."
76561198003507077,Recommended,235210,35163456,Posted: 23 September,all,TNTQc,"When I was a kid, I loved the 1989 NES Strider game. I liked the storyline, the controls and the upgrades involved. I wasn't sure about this recent version of Strider. I got to play it to find out how it is. At first, I was not convinced. But a couple hours into it and I'm glad I purchased it. It reminds me a bit of the old Strider game (the feeling of it). I wasn't confortable with the controls at the beginning, but after a while, I really enjoy the controls and all the mood of the game. It's quite linear (you have to go back to some places to get some upgrades and those are really nice (panther, eagle, plasma catapult, etc)). The bosses are good too. Nice graphics, nice soundtrack; so, Strider is a fun action game. If you liked the old Strider game, you should try this one too. I also like the character of Hiryu the Strider. Lets go back to the action!!"
76561198054947941,Recommended,235210,35149423,Posted: 23 September,all,Delirium,Fun fast paced 2d platformer 8/10
,Recommended,235210,35413281,Posted: 2 October,all,Zataru,Fast paced action Metroidvania. Tight controls.
,Recommended,235210,35398863,Posted: 1 October,all,Colynato,"Decent Strider game and nice blend with the metroidvania formula.Despite being a 2.5D, Strider looks good! (Except for the three sisters, yuck!)Game is too easy on normal mode, so I would recommend trying the harder mode when starting.One of the best feeling/controlling platformers out there on PC.Big recommend, a steal when on sale for 3-4$."
76561198108088717,Recommended,235210,35437192,Posted: 2 October,all,Professor Hentai,"Though I still don't know what the plot is about, the gameplay is amazing and is very arcade-like. Graphics are amazing, and voice acting is also top-notch. The game is minorly challenging, though not to the point where it become infuriating. Only qualm I have with the grame is the inability to change controls. A must buy for Metroid and platformer-style games enthusiasts."
