user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198009003896,Not Recommended,235380,15765743,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Death of Dictators,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly simple-minded and boring; that is my rating! It is not worth the $30.00 USD that it is being marketed for. Now what may I mean by that you ask; well allow me to explain.Blitzkrieg 3 is nothing like it's predecessors; the infamous Blitzkrieg and Blitzkrieg 2. Both of these games were traditional RTS with different twists in game mechanics and plot lines. Blitzkrieg 3 has no plot line, and is more in line with a crappy Warlords or Clash of Clans (yes....dare I speak that name) in the sense that your only goal is to either bash endless amounts of ""player-owned bases"" or engage in poorly designed ""Historical"" missions. It is not an RTS but is more like a Mobile App game that has been given the skin of Blitzkrieg. There is no Map for you to conquer, only 3 Factions to choose from (typical German, U.S, U.S.S.R), and you are only able to use the same 12 units (6 Inft. and 6 Armor) throughout the game; as well as a few ""Support"" abilities (like Mortars/Smoke). I say all of this because it's system seems more like App graphics than a professionally designed PC ""AA"" or ""AAA"" game. Indeed I'd dare say this systme runs very much like War Commander; the MMO-Base Builder game on Facebook. Thus, in this writers opinion, it is not worth the $30.00; let alone does it belong on PC (should be a IOS game IMHO).But you may ask what about the Gameplay, or the Graphics; for surely those must mean something with all those positive reviews. Allow me to explain from my first-hand experience. The Blitzkrieg series has always been more about large size battles and epic ""on-map"" destruction that leave the player feeling part of some epic war drama film. This, at least for this writer, is what made the past games so alluring. Burning wrecks, destroyed buildings, massive arty bombardments, and craters everywhere; all of these made Blitzkrieg a great game (and predecessor to todays total war-style games). Blitzkrieg 3 shows none of this, and in fact is a step back from it's traditional roots. Both the Graphics system and the Game Mechanics run more akin to Clash of Clans (yes....dare I speak that name again). Wrecks do not remain on the battlefield, gunfire is simple even on Ultra setting, maps are barely decent at best, the defense/offense systems are poorly balanced to the point of forcing a player to use mainly Armored units to succeed. While I could continue commenting on the poor Gameplay/Graphics I leave it to you to imagine your disappoint if you waste that $30.00.In this writers opinion there are only 2 good things to take away from this project. The first is the base defense system; which is decent at best. I did enjoy the fact that my map extended beyond my given base design, and that I could move my defense where ever I pleased on the map. That being this very same system is broken because the defensive weapons tend to out perform even the Lvl 6 Armor/Inft; thus making it hard to swipe anyone's base on your own lvl and up (I can see the Trolls enjoying this). The other good thing was the nice Tutorial, which was very helpful (minus the glitch on the Panzergrenedier Mission). That being said it seem too.....bland......for this writers tastes.Could this game become better, you may ask; worth it's $30.00 price tag. Sadly I'm afraid not, as many of my fellow gamers are slowly discovering. As I stated earlier this game is more akin to Clash of Clans, and not worth $30.00 (more like $10.00 at most). Even if the Devs added a map, fixed the Graphics quality, added more units, made more buildings, or even put a good plot line in place the game still have one problem. It's a Massive Multiplayer Online Base Building game.....something most gamers will only attribute with Mobile Apps and iPhones/Androids. It is nothing like it's predecessor, Blitzkrieg 1 + 2, and it angers this writer to know how far the Devs have taken this game out of it's normal setting. Finally, even if fully upgraded and sold, it is not worth $30.00 freak'in dollars.Anyway I hope this is both a helpful review of the Devs, as much as a friendly warning for my fellow gamers. Waste your money at your own risk, but your better off finding a good FB MMOBB like CoC, War Commander, or Martian Invader that are cheap or FREE (key word FREE here kiddies)."
76561198007579277,Recommended,235380,15721495,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jeff,"Below is my original review, unchanged from when I published it.  I wanted to write an update.  As of 6/27/2015, the devs are adding real PvP against real players.  While I admit in my review that it isn't my cup of tea, it was also why I felt some may not like this game.  The fact that they listened to those who wanted real PvP is awesome-sauce.  And I wanted to send a big kudos to the devs for continually making this game better.============================================The single player campaigns are similar to Blitzkrieg 2, albeit the RPG element of it is lacking in comparison to Blitzkrieg 2.The multiplayer campaign can be explained very simply.  It is Clash of Clans...world war 2 style.Before you say ""Cool"" or ""No way!"" (depending on how you feel about Clash of Clans).  There are some differences.The main difference is no waiting.  You don't spend ""gems"" or some equivalent resource which can only be obtained with real money.  You build your army, you go to battle and then you battle again and again and again.Your whole army gets wiped out?  No problem, they are immediately available for the next battle.  No waiting for buildings to finish, no waiting for troops to build.  If you can afford to build it, you get it immediately and it is always there.So, in my opinion, it has the allure Clash of Clans has minus the moneygrabbing nonsense clash of clans has.If I want to play Blitzkrieg 3, I can play for as long as I wish.  I don't have to worry about troops or waiting, it is quite refreshing.The RPG element is similar to clash of clans.  You want that Panzer IV?  Well, you need to upgrade your tank depot...but before that, your HQ needs to upgrade.  In order to do that, you need 3000 fuel or 5000 supplies, etc.  The only way you get it is to raid other players.On the other side, your base is something you need to defend.  There seems to be a variety of maps players can start off with.  (You don't get to choose) and each map has 3 or 4 ways to infiltrate your base.  Your defenses are limited and you need to place them strategically.When you raid others, it is awesome when you hit someone who has the same map as you...then you can say, ""Hey, why didn't I think of that?"" and improve your own defenses.My hours aren't that deep at the time of this review.  I can't comment too much on single player.  I've been having so much fun with  multiplayer.  It really is odd, because my library of games is single player only.This game stole a bunch of ideas from Clash of Clans.  It is NOT Blitzkrieg 2 reskinned.  I'm concerned about long term playability and freshness of new maps, but it is not an issue at the moment and the devs are updating the game frequently.How does this compare to Company of Heroes?  In my mind, it doesn't compare.  COH1 or COH2 are true RTS style games where you gather resources and build armies, and attack and replenish losses until one player out attritions the other.   In this game, you have a squad of tanks and infantry.  You attack another player and you both have a static number of troops.  The other player has static defenses which are managed by the AI.  (You never actually duel a live human, only the defenses set up by that person before they logged off)For many, this lack of true multiplayer may be a turnoff.  I'm a self professed lover of single player games...it doesn't bother me at all.  This game is more of a puzzle than COH.  You have a limited number of troops and you are trying to outwit the defenses.I can see some folks truly disliking this game.  I hope I explained it well enough so you can determine it for yourself.  I did compare to two very popular games and apologize if you have never played Clash of Clans or Company of Heroes and were unable to garnish anything from this review.Happy hunting."
76561197995026432,Not Recommended,235380,33342677,Posted: 7 July,all,lalucre1803,"Taken for itself, this game is ok - at best. Maybe mediocre.But if you expect a game like the original Blitzkrieg, like I did, you will be very disappointed. It is very arcady, and has nothing of the original feel or gameplay.View range is garbage, you can't scout properly like you used to. Infantry dies absurdly quickly, even when in houses or trenches. You can't repair your vehicles or replenish your infantry. And the entire game has one single save file - like it is console game 20 years ago.Someone said this game wants to be a game played on tablets. Even if it doesn't, it sure feels like one."
76561197997113454,Not Recommended,235380,15737284,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ploufi Rommelberg,"This could be the first clash of clans ww2 mod for pc-games as of yet.The graphics are marvelous & stunning, the way bullets ricochet of structures and how the tank engines whirl. 4/5Micromanaging basically leaves you a bit wanting.Regarding gameplay, you place about 3 main structures on a map and also a couple of defensive structures, then you get the opportunity to attack another players same setup and your repeat this, you repeat this and you repeat this x4 then you are out of tries for a day and get to wait another day to do it all over again.In between this you get enough loot to upgrade about a tank, a soldier, and if you are doing really good, also a building.There is absolutely no resemblance to the blietzkrieg 1 or 2 in the way of multiplayer battles of epic proportions that we are used to, none whatsoever. You dont have any communication with other players ingame at all, period.I just paid 30€ for the opportunity to raid the same maps, and basically the same base setup about 10 or 15 times a day. Ill give the developers the benefit of a doubt and hopefully they will change the direction this game is heading. When that happens (hopefully) ill be the first to thumb this game green.I cant get rid of that annoying feeling that I feel cheated of a good game somehow......"
76561198054721187,Not Recommended,235380,33688565,Posted: 20 July,all,Auschwitz Gone Wild,"The game doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing work because the shitbrained devs decided that, for a largely SINGLE PLAYER GAME, it HAD to be ALWAYS ONLINE.  They then had the mental capacity to host their servers on an 80 year old rotting potato that can't even handle below-average numbers of attempted authentications, thereby rendering the entire product useless.Steam wont even give a refund despite knowingly and WILLINGLY selling a product that doesn't even work.And despite knowing about this problem for over 8 hours, the shitbrain devs have yet to do ANYTHING short of semi-acknowledge that the problem exists."
76561198030588226,Recommended,235380,17962944,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kriegg,"I don't quite have a good feel about the game just yet,But i can say,Nival shows us how a Early acces tittle should be, The basic game is working there are no obvious bugs.They keep the players informed and post Polls ingame.Whats not to love about this approach?For this alone i'd recommend the game.Edit: 10-10-2015Now the good, the bad and the ugly.Blitz 3 is a ""proper"" RTS, a ""Zerg"" rush will end in disaster,Currently it is a Attack/Defend game,Where you build/Upgrade your base and Tech,Place your defences, toss in a few units in there and wait for some poor sod to attack your base.Or Pick a general, Assemble your army and go look for someone to pick a fight with.Your base can be attacked when you are online and you can lead your defence, but you can also be attacked when you are offline.There currently are a few Generals to pick from, From Air to Tank to infantry focusThese generals have specific unit limitations and offer bonusses to their specific field,There is also a Jack of all trades general in which you have no limitations to what you deploy but  no bonusses.Generals gain experiance for battles fought, but what that leads to is currently not implemented.The good.-Details! lots and lots of details,-Includes all your favorite pieces of WW2 hardware, well most anyway ^_^.-Interesting concept.-WW2- Large variety of units- Enough types of defences (But we can always use more!)- Proper RTSThe bad.It is Early access , with content missing/not in its final form, the game can get boring when you max out your Nation, which can currently be done fairly quick.- Only 1 game mode atm.- Depending on your tier, The enemy can be hard to defeat or be too weak.- Currently i do not really see any ""Faction specific traits"" which is a shame.- Infantry combat is ...""Meh"" it just doesn't feel right as most Defences are supression/Splash damage based there really is no reason to use a core infantry army.- Large variety of units,  but only 1 type per Tier- Some units feel useless currently or just dedicated scouts..well Cannon fodder.- Needs more variaty in units/tech/defences.- Needs more flexibilty.- Economy needs work.The ugly:- Static linear mapsThere are a few maps and everything is fixed Limiting what the player can do to maximize his/her defence or attack routes. this also causes some Copy n paste designs. and forcing to use specific points due to their natural advantage, altho everyone knowns something will be there.some dynamic destruction in terms of blowing up a bridge,Bridge collapsing when damagedblocking off roads.- Border hugging (Being adressed)- Spotted Defences remain spotted even without LOS.- Artillery strikes/Mortar strikes are ""OP"" due to above reason.What am i missing?A little more depth, some more variaty and its currently lacking 2v2etc or Lets call it Group content,Defend your groups base, Maybe a Faction war map in short more Group PVP Elements.If you Prefer Zerg rush RTS, leave itIf you expect a finished game, Wait for it to be released.If you like to be challanged, think and use tactiics, You'll like this.This is early access anything can happen,Many of us have been burned by Early acces titles myself included,So its really up to you the reader if you like this kind of game,Check out video's before you buy.If you buy it Enjoy it!i can only add that Nival(1998?) is a established game studio.And as you can see by the Dev response below, they do seem to care about their community.Which is very important in my book.Need to see it ? Krebs made a nice videohttps://youtu.be/Z6xR8-Izuik"
76561197972445489,Not Recommended,235380,24330842,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Foxhound220,"Requires always-on internet connection even in SINGLEPLAYER mode.It offers NOTHING by connecting to the internet, and if your internet is not fast enough, it'll actually LAG in SINGLEPLAYER mode.♥♥♥♥ off Always-on DRM."
76561198005904562,Recommended,235380,18801411,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,philipsavory,"Top notch, old school Blitzkrieg fun. Wirbelwinds and Nebelwerfers; what's not to love? Developers seem a good, dedicated team, and the game is regularly updated and patched. 10/10. Would love to see the Deutsche Afrika Korps/8th Army added   to the mix. Where's my 88's?"
,Recommended,235380,17038426,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tela Vasir,"This is a quite interesting project so far and it's going to be even more promising in the future.Pros:- Two big modes are sure to make it into the release build: Singleplayer Campaign Mode (somewhat close to the BI classical campaigns) and Multiplayer Campaign (imagine a Clash of Clans in WWII setting... without constant donations reminder and the urge to watch the progress of your base each few hours).- Classical isometric view on warm and homey 2,5D graphics. Just like the old times, but with better effects.- Rock, Paper, Scissors gameplay in a whole - vehicles are good at destroying defences, infantry has something for everyone (apart from defences), and defences/obstacles when put in place can cripple any advancing enemy.- Developers are listening to the community, setting the highest priority to bug hunting and making the most wanted features come out first.- Great oldschool music, artwork, map decorations (some - with borderline humour)... You'll like it when you notice it :)Contras:- It's not BI as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong - It's a fun game to play, but it's just not Blitzkrieg I. Not yet.- BIII is kinda poorly balanced on higher, advanced levels. I believe it will be fixed soon, but atm t5+ of the headquarters can be pain (imagine fighting Pershings with your KV-1s).- It's still Early Access. Expect to have some minor pathfinding bugs (I've met no other).Overall result?I'd say it's 7/10 for old Blitzkrieg players, 8/10 for Clash of Clans players and 9/10 for those dissapointed in Company of Heroes 2 fantasy-like setting (such as myself).Update 11.24.2015Game has surely evolved a lot since the last time I've launched it in the September. All sorts of improvements are here and ready to go:1. Pathfinding got fixed in a small unit groups. Yes, tactical combat still requires a lot of micromanaging but hey, it's what the Blitzkrieg series was about since like forefer.2. Developers really DO listen to the Community. All of the suggestions I've made as a regular Community member were answered to. Some made it into the game (like treating fortifications as if those were units in the means of a balance).3. Generals provide a unique experience with each and every faction. You can customize both your army now and the defences of your base like you see fit.4. Most balance issues are now gone, whilst 'Sauron's eye' should be fixed IMAO. It is a little bit too much OP.5. Numerous UI improvements here and there finally made the game easy to navigate.6. Should be first, actually... Now you can switch maps in Multiplayer Campaign. Yes. You can."
76561198042512211,Recommended,235380,18555466,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,amr.shreif,"The game is great & loadded with great ww2 weapons in addition it has better graphics than coh2 however it needs to have skirmish mode,also the servers needs to be improved a lot as connection lost many times inside the game & hangs during game loading"
,Not Recommended,235380,16266784,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,vivapinat13,"So after 6 hours of gameplay and 32$ -_- I'm saying this game is a no. Why? because it's a watered down Company of Heroes 2 meets Clash of the Clans. Now I like Clash of the Clans, and I enjoy Company of Heroes but this game is missing a lot of the core concepts maybe they will add them but at this moment it's a no.This is only for multiplayerPros (+)-easy to learn- Hard to master- Setting up base defenses can be fun- Assaulting can be funCons (-)-Maps are not balanced- little to no differences between countries. Every country is the same- those stupid 3X multipliers- the combat just feels dumbed down a lot. (by this I mean, only two types of cover for infantry, buildings and bushes.)- I loath the battle timer, you have 10 minutes or shut down. This makes you feel extremely rushed, you can't do proper scouting missions and plan any type of assault. Make it a bonus to do it within 10 minutes not forced.(What feels lacking)- Proper cover mechanics- Countries, I signed up for germany so why am I assaulting German Bases?!?! If you're going to do Countries, make us feel united. Give each country strengths and weaknesses, Germans should have better armor, americans should have better infantry and russians should have better support or something that justs make dividing lines and give us a country chat, allow people to form divisions and build together a unified base then if someone wants to assault our unified base it would be 10 players simultainiously assaulting it together. Make this game feel like a world war!- This game has great potential please use it :)- Also I know this is an in development game and all but 32$ atm is too much.Have a nice day and I hope this makes you add it to your watch list!"
,Recommended,235380,18454805,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,driveandkill,"Don't get the hate on this game, I assume people are disappointed when comparing this game to BK1 or BK2 however I think that this is also a good game but with a very different approach. It plays like a f2p clash of clans in some way yes, however the game does it very well and base building is fun attacking also. Only thing this game really needs is a better singleplayer and when they add that, I think the older fans could be more satisfied aswell"
76561198027595207,Not Recommended,235380,22160186,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Badabing,"If you enjoy incredibly simplistic RTS games that only require you to point and click without thinking this is for you, if you enjoy crappy Facebook games this is for you, if you enjoy clash of clans or boom beach this is definitely for you.I haven't played enough of the original BK games to judge them but this is one of the most bland, boring and simplistic RTS games I've ever played apart from the stupid mobile ones. If you've played COH,COH2, Men of War or ANY RTS game post 90s/early 2000s this game is gonna make you want to physically torture yourself because atleast that wouldn't make you as bored as this game does. Tank combat is pretty much just really vague flanking or tanking from the front with no form of special abilities you can use to gain an upper hand or change ammunition types, its just point and click. Infantry combat is even worse, I can't even firgure out if there's a proper cover system in the game but right now its just about having better/more guys or placing them in buildings.The base progression thing is kind of cool...if you've never played a mobile game/facebook game in your life. I honestly don't know what else to say about that.Now the least important but worth mentioning anyway are the graphics, animations and sound. First off the graphics are not awful but they're not amazing either, especially when you zoom in. Animatons are pretty awful, they feel really cartoony sometimes especially with tanks as they look like they're toys or something out of a cartoon and lastly are the sounds, music isn't memorable which I don't care too much and all ambient, gun/explosion sounds etc are bland and boring.I would complain about the fact that all you can do is attack other peoples bases but we got PVP gamemodes so maybe that might improve things. I honestly suggest you buy a game like Men of War AS2, COH or COH2. Hell maybe even go back in time and grab the game Stalingrad, based off the old BK engine yet the game seems to have more depth and complexity than this one. Maybe a year from now Ill check the game out again and maybe it'll be better, who knows."
76561197968986548,Recommended,235380,17841284,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Black_Dragon_of_War,I just started playing this game and I love it and recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of WW 2 strategy games. The only problem i've run into is that sometimes my units and buildings both in defence and offence battles become invisible at random times(not a big issue the Devs kick bugs out pretty quick) but other then that this game rocks.
76561198201749917,Recommended,235380,17136648,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,justinlee123987,"good graphics and not to demanding. you cant ""build a base"" like command and conquer style BUT you cancustomize just about everything about your home area. you have 6 main buildings. hq tank depot barracks research center and a few others. you level up your structures with materials you earn from winning battles against other players. in all you can build your defenses to protect your home while your away and you can watch the replays to see where you weak points are. you slowly grow the size of your force over time and upgrade them as well. its basically like clash of clans online but with a world war 2 setting. the replayability is outstanding and the devs arent lazy as the game stays updated. worth the money."
,Recommended,235380,17878235,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Flanksman,I loved blitzkreig 1! And the second one was a joke this one though has hope. For it being in alpha its really fun just I recommend using the tutorial if you don't learn fast i noticed new players dont have defense armies for there base haha.
76561198064642386,Recommended,235380,17211547,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LupisVolk,"Here's a basic idea of what Blitzkrieg 3 is:You have your base. you can't buld production buildings but you can and will build defence buildings. From that you then build your army and attack bases like any IOS/FB strategy game. But unlikse those who are all F2P and nickle and dime you, B3 gives you everything at the start all the buildings, you just need to upgrade them to get higher units or defences.I'd recomend the standard edition of this game. Most of the stuff that's in the dlux isn't in the game get from what i hear.Here's my list of Pro's and Cons.Pro's:They take a IOS/FaceBook strategy system and make it fair. No timers or pay to speed ups.It's quite tactical in both offence and defence.Quite fun.It's getting patches/update.Base defence.Cons:Match Making will screw you over ; eg. going up against a base with units a level 1 or 2+ higher than you. You won't win but might get a cap zone before you lose all your units or time ends.The Match Maker. More or less same as the first point. Saps fun real quick but doesn't break the game.Pathfinding is non exstant.The FaceBook/IOS strategy style. Quite off puting till you see a bit of the gameplay.Really my big beef is the MatchMaking but that's getting fixed this week.Over all i'd give the have a 5/10 right now with the♥♥♥♥♥of a MM. But when the MM gives you a base fitting of your army it's a 8/10."
76561198013907351,Recommended,235380,17376034,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,mdiesel95,"This game is in BETA. so please don't get it if your not willing to play an unfinished game! That being said, it plays great for a BETA, Online and off. This game has turn based stratagy very fun and addicting! will keep you playing for hours, if your looking for a great RTS, You have found it here in Blitzkreig 3 and yes I have played and love the old versions of this game in the past. Just a modern version with refreshed graphics, easy to use interface with standard rts controls that most are used to and some new inovations that definetly make this game compete with other rts games on the market today!"
,Not Recommended,235380,32133810,Posted: 2 June,all,General][Custer,"It's more like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FTP title and sucks pretty much in any category I expect from a Blitzkrieg game. You have to unlock research points and units by grinding single player maps which is pretty stupid compared to Blitzkrieg 1 (let's not talk about Blitzkrieg 2). It's just AI waiting to be shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥or for their script event to trigger. Some missions require you to rush like crazy because of the stupid AI just to get those sweet sweet achivements that give you bonus units for your pool. If your internet connection fails you will also have problems with single player as it will disconnect, forcing you to start a mission over again.Strategy wise it is pretty shallow: Infantry is a joke as they get chewed up by almost everything, but you need them to scout ahead so your tanks can do their business. But why not just ONLY use tanks? Well their view range is less than their shooting range, which for some weird reason does not completely apply to the AI, so either your tanks get ♥♥♥♥ed up before you can do anything or you waste time by placing your infantry carefully out of shooting but within viewing range of the enemy before you let you StuGs pound the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them without even reacting (at least as long if there aren't any scripted events). AT guns are very overpowerd, as they are impossible to be countered by infantry, because they shoot them into pieces in no time, which is why the ol' scout them and blast them to♥♥♥♥♥♥via long range tanks comes into place again.TL;DR: Infranty sucks besides MGs and as ""scouts"", tanks suck because they are very squishy, so you are constantly abusing units with super high view range in combination with units with super high gun range. Sounds like Blitzkrieg? Well you can also just zergrush your enemy to death after you've won the points superiority. KK gud game!"
,Not Recommended,235380,25715258,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Warboss,"Blitzkrieg feels like it is now a franchise which has lost its soul, the essence of what made it fun and unique. The first Blitzkrieg was and still is unique in how it handles strategy, it gave you huge amounts of detail and background information to every unit and plenty of information prior to each battle so that players could make informed and calculated choices when executing their strategies. the gameplay itself was almost Total War-esque in its execution, you start each real time battle with a limited pool of units and make use of their individual talents to overcome the enemy to secure victory, Infantry for Urban battles, neutralizing garrisons, scouting, and cannon fodder. Tanks were used to overwhelm infantry in open spaces, combat enemy armor, and execute rapid, aggressive advances. Artillery was the hard counter to everything in the game (except air units) but is practically useless without effective positioning, thorough recon, and a little luck and patience. Tanks and artillery both carried veterancy through missions so if you could keep your units alive for long enough you would start the game with a sizable advantage over your enemies units but if they died you had to start from scratch with a new unit. Air units were often the deciding factor in each battle but were almost useless if you hadn't neutralized the enemies anti-air and air force prior to their deployment.As you have read, each unit felt like it had a purpose and had to be used intelligently to attain the most beneficial outcome and make progress. Blitzkrieg 3 feels like it is trying to be something it is not, and by doing that is losing what made it so special in the first place. Blitzkrieg 3's revolves around the same stale selection of maps, a hard counter combat triangle making it so units lose their versatility, practicality, and individuality and also game mechanics and campaign missions that fall flat due to their shallowness, lack of meaningful engagement, and cookie-cutter nature, you feel more like you are grinding through a chore than actively participating in grand strategy.How would I improve Blitzkrieg 3? I would advise Nivals games designers to go back and play the original game so they can recapture it's essence and improve on its mechanics with more modern game design ideas, then play the mods for the game such as Achtung Panzer! so they could see how to improve mission structure and presentation to the player, then finally openly and actively engage their community since in this new games development environment having closed communication channels for your audience to engage you will only prevent you from seeing how passionate fans want to help make this game great and live up to the legacy of the existing franchise.I cannot recommend the game in its current state as it is not a Blitzkrieg game, it is currently a bland, generic, cookie cutter, attack / defence style strategy game which genuinely feels like it was built for a microtransaction style economy and still feels and plays that way.TL;DR This game mechanically needs to be Blitzkrieg 3 and not Clash of Clans. I love you Blitzkrieg but you need to go home, you are drunk."
76561198020249764,Not Recommended,235380,29347761,Posted: 18 January,all,JuggerNerd,"You can't play while offline.Control is clunky and sluggish, like a 2002 game.Core combat offers NOTHING new compare to 2002, and they removed towable guns.Huge bunch of mobile game (COC) concepts that should never be in a WWII game.I'll just go back to company of heroes."
76561198118706929,Recommended,235380,17337991,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sclthebrutal,"Blitzkrieg I was one of my favourite games ever, and this one is a well done heir. Far better that Blitzkrieg II.I'm not much into online multiplayer, so I would really appreciate an in-depth single player campaigns.Also, the battle editor availabe in BK I would be great. That would allow modders to create wonderful scenarios (I remember some amazing Spanish Civil War and Heimatfront mods)."
76561197994542694,Not Recommended,235380,15729306,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ejderhare,"So Blitzkrieg 3 is in my opinion a WW2 light RTS game. The multiplayer is a carbon copy of Quest for epic loot with a WW2 theme. You dont actually fight online opponents. You build upp a base with defences and raid other players bases to get more resources and upgrade your base.During these raids the opponents base is controlled by an AI same goes for your base when invaded. If you are into that its ok. But dont expect VS multiplayer couse there is none yet.My biggest gripe at the moment is lack off control of your units, by that i mean you cant tell your tanks which way to face and you cant give your infantry units orders like throw granades, run, or take cover.. Your units do this bythemselves hence why i call it a light RTS game.The graphics are Ok. The sound's are mediocer at best, machine guns sound more like pee shooters instead of machineguns. It has destructible environments but nothing compared to CoH2. Unit movement and behaviour is not very realistic. Tanks move and turn way to quick instead of feeling like lumbering metal beasts.If you want a more standard WW"" RTS i would reccomend CoH2 instead. Better audio, visual, and better control of youre units as well as a better singelplayer.If you are more intrested in deep historic WW2 RTS game with maximum realism i would instead reccommend the Men of War series.They have time to improve it since its early access but for now its a shallow RTS light game and i would pass.."
76561197966629019,Recommended,235380,16850163,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Utriel,"Fun stuff, interesting take to mix multiplayer RTS with a social strategy game."
,Recommended,235380,17582593,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hinterhofer Rudi,Like it so far! But it looks like there is still tons of work to do until the release. Would love to see more tactil depth like the possibility of gettin in cover with infantery etc.
,Recommended,235380,23302271,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[RPPK] Jimmychanga,"The devs are nice people, but they do try their best to solve problems. The thing with this game is it is still work-in-progress, so there are many issues. The devs have been trying really hard to help players. When you think they've given up on you, they think of another way to help fix the problem.GREAT JOB DEVS!!!! :D"
,Recommended,235380,16604846,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Detrimus,"As an early access game, Blitzkrieg 3 has a lot going for it.  However, early access also implies that you'll be receiving an incomplete or flawed experience from that of a retail (launch) game.  All of that said, I will try my best to provide an unbiased and objective review, detailing the qualities and deficits that Blitzkrieg 3 currently has.Pros:[+] Excellent graphics.  Beautiful, highly detailed maps--there are animals, roaming vehicles (trains, cars, etc.), and people who are doing daily tasks.  Trees fall down as tanks run into them, fortifications explode and crumble, and shots richochet off of vehicles creating an impressive realism.[+] Base building.  Organizing your upgrades is always fun.  There are tradeoffs to consider as you are leveling up, because you can't possibly level everything up at once.  Do you want improved infantry?  How so?  Do you work on individual upgrades to existing units, do you upgrade research options or upgrade the barracks itself?   The tradeoffs aslo exist in how you upgrade your defenses.  Do you want a widespread defensive network, or do you want a few key structures that are hihgly upgraded?  The options are impressive.[+] Strategy.  Despite what others are saying, there are lots of strategic options that open up conisderably the more you unlock and play.-Command points can be spent on a variety of support options.-Artillery to weaken defenses-Smoke screen to hide advances-Spies to scout the bases-Reinforcements[+] Army composition.  The options are pretty limitless here.  There are four classifications of vehicles and five classifications of infantry, and determining how many of each can be a very important decision going into battle.Cons:[!] Pathfinding.  This is something that will presumably get better over time, but right now tank pathfinding is horrendous, at times.  This becomes even more apparent the larger the vehicle is.  And taking into account that as you upgrade your vehicles, you replace them with a larger chasis (stug to jadgpanther for instance), this makes it even more problematic.[!] No expanded multiplayer options.  Currently, there's only 1 v 1 asychronous battles.  I love the asynchronous battles, by the way, but I'd love to see 2 v 2 and greater options implemented.[!] Building off the above, there are no integrated community options.  No friends list, no chat system, no way to invite others to look at your base and basically zero player-to-player communication.  [This is a huge negative][!] A lack of unit explanations.  I would love to see a detailed tactical tutorial or in-game guide.  Right now I have no idea how to use an MG squad versus an assault squad versus a normal rifleman squad.  All three seem relatively ""samey,"" and I don't have a clue what their operational differences are (if any) besides different stat adjustments."
76561198049993470,Recommended,235380,17952223,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ounkhamph,another problem  when i hide my infantry squad in the forest later i can not find them if the infantry squad had some mark on above that would convenient for me to find them in the hidding place
,Not Recommended,235380,22852435,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Strait Raider,"I heartily recommend holding off on this purchase at the time of writing.I see potential in this game. While the people comparing this to offline defence mobile games are not wrong, I believe this kind of gameplay can be an engaging experience. Others will talk about high-level balance, but I have only been able to sink a short time into this game due to the following concerns:1) Unclear instruction. The tutorial currently gives brief highlights of where the first couple of buttons to press are, but after that, nothing. It is a trial-and-error system to figure out what you must do. I was confused. Still am, although after two hours I think I have most of the interface figured out.2) Bugs. Yes, the game is early access. But you knew that, it's an early access review. Regardless of the release state of the game, I am here to say that the current state of bugginess impacts the playabilty of the game. Objectives dissapear from your screen and there appears to be no way to get them back. Unit pathfinding struggles immensely. You cannot target units behind buildings (you will target the building itself). There appears to be no way to adjust a unit's heading when controlling it in battle, causing micromanagement dances when trying to get a tank to stop reversing into the enemy.3) The game seems to spazz out pretty horribly if you have a less-than-stellar internet connection. I have a less-than-stellar connection, but I am able to play other online games without major issue. This game freezes near-constantly, and for seconds at a time while playing. Worse, it does this WHEN TESTING AGAINST YOUR OWN BASE. Meaning, even what should be a local single-player experience appears to communicate through the game's servers.4) Attack/Defence balance does seem to be massively off, though others with more time in the game will have better opinions on this. Simply put, the defender and attacker appear to get the same number of units. As any RTS player will tell you, this is an automatic win for any semi-competent attacker. Concentrate on one point in the enemy's defences, and it's pretty much right-click to win. The attacker can even continue to call up reinforcements to replace any lost units.Until such time as all of these issues are resolved, I must strongly advise against purchasing this game."
76561198046194398,Not Recommended,235380,24412438,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,OnGeDierte,I decided to buy this game because I liked Blitzkrieg 1&2. I play mostly single player campaigns and custom maps. wasted good moneymoney. Sometimes I cannot start the game because servers are not available or internet lines are down. Th game does not save campaigns regularly enough and I find mysellf endlessly replaying missions because I had to stop the game for important reasons. I do not want to play the game anymore and will not spend a cent ont it any more if it does not improve. I can play other games without a internet connection so why not this one. I also cannot find a game manual.Blitzkrieg 3 is a total waste of money as far as I am concerned.
76561198028875284,Recommended,235380,16412985,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lastcoin,"One of the best rts I have for years.Good:-They manage to rebuild the art style of the first game,visual,sound and atmosphere.In 3d and much more details.-The clash of clan mode is fun and tactical,well balanced.Maps are much bigger and with multi route,it is more of a slow pace strategy game than the castle rush type.(You got 10 to 15 minutes,but you will punish hard if you rush into any defence line.So no rush,take your time.)Make it both fun to attack or defence,and grow your army.-No simple A better than B counting,try rush any of your tanks into enemy's infantry and you will be nail.Bad: -Unit's path finding is a mess.-They are still working on the pvp mode.-No countries advantage(Allies tanks are smaller,I wounder if that count),which is easier to balance,but I wish they could bring up a division system.-This is a DRM game,you may alway be online,but the DRM server wont.The game is still in development,so alot more could improve.But overall this is a fun beta game to play,or you could wait to see if the full game worth the 30 dollars price tag.I personally cant wait."
,Not Recommended,235380,34837737,Posted: 9 September,all,Peter Jennings,50% of the time their server won't authorize you to play.45% of the time matches will stop loading halfway through.5% of the time you get to play.At least the loading screens work.
76561198026225529,Recommended,235380,19407419,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rosak,"I will get the negativity out of the way first.The connection to servers are horrible. I keep on disconnecting when i'm in a match and i lose my attack bonus for the day. It's really annoying.The income rate is horrible, and my resources don't come in when i'm afk which i feel should be changed.More units and better names for them would be nice. I would love to see some SS Stormtroopers in my army.Now the good part.This game shows a lot of promise. The base building concept is very interesting, and i hope to see more from it as the game slowley develops. The combat seems fun and engaging, and there is a great sense of realism to it."
76561198050259563,Not Recommended,235380,22216630,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Frenkert,"Game can be fun when it`s completly ballanced out. I really like the idea behind it. But at the moment it`s still dissapointing.Line of sight is completely ruining the game in my opinion, you can use one infantry unit to scout the enemy positions and then♥♥♥♥♥♥a defence with way too many howitzer barrages. I spend hours on creating a good defence with measuring out killzones and positioning my fortifications only to find out my opponent can take one infantry unit and use it`s line of sight to call in way to many barrages and wipe out all my hard work without being able to counter it with anything at all. After bombing down all your defences they just roll in 8 heavy tanks or tank destroyers and destroy what is left of your fortifications ( with of course using the line of sight from an infantry unit and the massive atack range of the tanks ).Since the opponent bombed out all your units allready you don`t have any line of sight yourself anymore, and your opponent just takes out what`s left of your units using the fog of war. Any tank you roll in to defend gets spotted and destroyed before you can even see your enemy. Exept for spotting infantry is completely useless. If you garrison them in a building they will just get bombed to hell or taken out from a distance by a tank destroyer, if you leave them in the open, well... nvm.Not going to be only negative about the game. I like the idea of building a defence and getting the time to make it as you like it to be. Other than a game like COH where you don`t get any time to organize defences and get overrun before you can even place one building, this game let`s you choose when you are ready to be attacked, so no stress and when you are ready you just accept a battle. At this time i think 30 euros is a bit too much for the game because the part i would spend the 30 euros on ( building and spend time in sorting out a good defence ) is not working for me. As an attacker i`ve won like 40 out of 60 battles in total, defending 3 out of 30 with 60 hours of reviewing and modifying my defences."
,Recommended,235380,17448169,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Anthony James Denton Woz ere 17,"This game is great I love it.. it's evern better and more challenging when you get to attack a live player or a player attacks your base.. aside from the tank destroyers being riddled with bugs the game is very playable and very easy to learn / understand.. the only downside to the game is that once you have chosen a faction from what I can tell you can't change your mind. I picked russia and I fancy a go with germany, I have got to teir 7 now and I would really like to start the experience again but with the knowllege I have now."
76561198190091659,Not Recommended,235380,34309972,Posted: 17 August,all,JPX,"This game had so much potential!  Back when I got it, early early alpha is was an epic game. Now it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ They ruined a great game... Back then you had to build up your base with resources and train/upgrade your troops. Certain troops/vehicles had big advantages over others like better range etc. You could also play in offline mode (unlike now). The online mode was either you attacked other players bases or defended yours and it was a pretty smooth experience especially for an alpha. Now when I play this game, i'm so confused by the ""campain"" map, its super confusing, I don't even know where to click, I cant restart my game either. The way you get new troops makes no sense to me. Its just a big disapointment, I wish I could get back the early early alpha game I had paid for and loved."
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,235380,15745126,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NIN2,"At the moment it's a mess. Bought the game a day ago and suddenly it tells me to buy again! sorry developers this one is getting a big thumbs down from me. At the moment it is not even playable. I had high hopes for it.Okay a few days has past since my previous review.After finally finishing the first historical mission ""connection to server lost"" AAARRGH!!!!!!!!!!!The game is still early access and it is today 6 January 2016. So during the almost year that past the developers patched a lot of stuff. Thanks for that but the lag that plagued the game is still there. And no my PC run Witcher III,BF4 and Just Cause 3 without any problem."
76561198072065680,Recommended,235380,19996286,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Stake_Turtle,"Blitzkrieg games feel empty without a proper single player campaign, but so far so good for an early access game.The only problem I see(aside from a very few content) is the connection issue; even single player campaigns are in risk of connection time-out/cuts (devs, please do fix this).Anyway, if you're new to Blitzkrieg games and should this be your first, I recommend to have a little more patience until this game is fully released before buying this or try the previous games; well, either you're a Blitz veteran or not, BK3 will feel different as it has much more arcady approach. Unless you're interested to WW-2 themed asymmetrical multiplay, then grab the game.Pros:+gameplay is interesting and fast+asymmetrical gameplay is addicting+graphics are aesthetic and looking fresh (the battleground feels quite alive)+it still has the combination of realism and arcade just like BK1 and 2 (realistic vehicle armor value plus HP bars)+each countries are uniqueCons:-connection issues-off map artillery (except rocket arty)tbh, I'm a bit disappointed, but then again it's early access - too early to judge since the game has a lot of potential and the devs are quite approachable (compared to other RTS games *cough* *cough* CoH2)"
76561198075264703,Recommended,235380,15763713,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,=WAR= BatSithCrazy,"Early Access Constructive Criticism :D No Donkey sh1it!1.	To my pleasant surprise, the narrative in the tutorial mission alternated between Russian, German and American forces. I love the way the developers choose to give different perspectives during the same session. It’s an interesting way of displaying what kind of impact, your actions have on your foe, as the perspective changes.As you get the chance to play thru the eyes of your rival, you immediately see the aftereffect of your consequences. It’s a new take on storytelling, it’s very entertaining and refreshing.2.	Cool moments: During a tutorial mission, you are given a few German infantry to clear out a poor Russian village. And here I was, in the middle of nowhere… hoping to spread democracy. Oh, well! We musn't disappoint our fuhrer, maybe we will find some MANA vodka.I split my infantry into two squads. I started off by sending squad one to occupy an empty house on the outskirts of the village. This immediately started a firelight, my first squad was taking incoming fire from a house further up the street.I tactically maneuvered my second squad thru a forest into an assaulting position on the flank. Using the new ability “assault building”, my second squad dashed forward out of the bushes into the house, screaming, pulling ears and vomiting on a chicken, ending up with five Russian KIA inside, oh and we found really fluffy teddy bear in the basement, to celebrate our victory, my heroic soldiers baptized it PUTIN.3.	Sniper Unit - Sounds inaccurate in game. Last time I checked, yelling wasn’t part of the sniper weapons inventory. I swear to God, every time you give the sniper an order the dude goes ape sh1it, and starts screaming patriotic slogans.The entire idea of having a dedicated unit going stealth, is silence. At least put some effort into making him act covert and whisper in response. Small changes to sound, can make a big difference to the atmosphere and characteristics of a unit.4.	There seems to be no function at the moment to see your troops behind objects. And with such a rich and beautifully detailed environment, sometimes it’s hard to pinpoint your units in the field, you constantly need to reselect the units to find them.Sorry, but I don’t want to spend my time searching for my troops on the battlefield. Especially when there is a mission timer involved.  Some sort of highlight is needed to distinguish your troops from the background, Men of war dose this brilliantly. Take note.5.	Ability “About face” - Being a Company of Heroes player for many years. I found myself selecting a vehicle and trying to drag the front armoured part towards the enemy. I’m abruptly, startled and confused when I realise that no such function is available in Blitzkrige 3.It’s 2015, happy new year! Ability’s like “About face” should be at my fingertips, and not hidden away in the far-flung-bottom right hand corner of the UI menu.Yes, yes, I know! There is a Hot Key, you can press “R”. But that’s so… 2005, I’m not stating that simplification is bad. But coming from a CoH frame of mind, my RTS behaviour is tuned to having fast and responsive controls. In the current state, I don’t feel that responsiveness is coming thru in Blitzkrige 3.I know there is a red compass-marker you can utilise to set your vehicles direction, but that option is way too sluggish and clumsy to use. Having an instant clock, with an arch of fire, popup underneath your vehicle is faster and better way to do it.Why not include a more fine-tuned approach of controlling your vehicles for those that want that possibility. Instead of this barebones, point and click. There is definitely room for improvements to be made regarding this issue.6.	At the current state Blitzkrige 3 does not offer any cover system for infantry. This is something that we should expect by today’s standards. There is a missed opportunity here in NOT letting the player use destructive environments as part of cover.A lot of effort has gone into creating a detailed destructive environment for Blitzkrige 3. And the developers have succeeded. I just wish the developers made the collateral damage more than just eye candy.Let me illustrate an example.  - Battle for Monte Casino, On 15 February 1944 the abbey was almost completely destroyed in a series of heavy American-led air raids. The bombing was conducted because many reports from troops on the ground suggested that Germans were occupying the monastery, and it was considered a key observational post by all those who were fighting in the field.Only after the bombing were the ruins of the monastery occupied by German Fallschirmjäger (paratroopers), aiding them in their defence, because the ruins provided excellent defensive cover.The point I’m making, is that the destructive environment in Blitzkrige 3 could have been utilized to benefit both sides. This could have created some unique variation of strategies in battles. What you get instead is repetitive gameplay, with limited paths of approach.7.	Which brings me to my next point, I find it odd that the developers of Blitzkrige 3 strongly incentivise the concept of artificial intelligence for defensive purposes, in base mode. Calling it “core component of the multiplayer experience.”Yet, the game is lacking any meaningful Ai behaviour, the way Ai responds to human players is with basic triggers, which activate on conditions. Example: A is true, there for activate B and repeat, basically.Someone once said, “The best defence is an offense!” So far, I haven’t found any way to change Ai behaviour perimeters when defending your base to aggressive stance or turtle defensive, hit and run or balanced tactics.It’s not fair to say that the Ai is inadequate. It dose its job, but it doesn’t like to deviate from a set path. Doing anything complicated like taking the initiative or making a surprise manoeuvre is out of the question. It’s all scripted and predictable behaviour, don’t expect to encounter General Rommel in the field, anytime soon.8.	One more thing, the tip popup in the tutorial disappears to fast, it’s stressful and should be fix. This problem is especially hard on new players, who are trying to learn the game.  Your popups don’t have “next tip” or a “back to previous tip” buttons. WHY! WWwwwwhhhyy!!! WHHHHHYYY!!!!... . .. .why!9.	OMG! I have no idea what the designers or concept artist were smoking when they created this Modern-bluish-sci-fi-metallic-transformers looking UI menu, I’m pretty sure it wasn’t water vapour. For the LOVE of GOD, the current UI doesn’t fit the WW2 themed framework at all, change it.Other than that, it’s a good early access start.Dont forget to thumbs up if you like my preview and would like to see more. Dont be a stranger leave a comment. Cheers 4 reading.With less love BatSithCrazy!"
76561198010447258,Not Recommended,235380,30413108,Posted: 9 March,all,sjb1001,"Early missions are ok but getting really annoyed at hitting a brick wall with heavy armour getting chewed up by infantry, AT rifles and MG tanks - a char B-1 in the open desert front on to a single infantry squad with no cover should not get obliterated. No repair units means the longer missions are basically impossible without a step by step walkthrough to pick up all the timed cannon fodder reinforcements (e.g. first N Africa one - why can't my assault squads kill off heavy tanks from buildings and their infantry can slay entire divisions with impunity from open ground??).Really cannot be bothered to fight my way through mission on mission where you are always faced with being lower ranged line of sight terms than the defenders so losing units before you can see the attacker, having to do a mission as kamikaze 3 times to figure out where the overpowered defence is sucks - panzer IV-E vs dug in rifle squad is a no brainer but if I get to range they grenade me to death so I can't back off and use the gun.Really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I paid for the deluxe edition as it's going off the drive permanently, load of crap."
76561198058110774,Recommended,235380,18378420,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ArmouredSandbox,"Even though i've only had this game for a short time, i enjoy the hell out of it. One of the main reasons is that its a new concept. It's similer to ( but absolutely nothing) a nation builder were you upgrade your defenses, buildings, troops, etc.The tutorial needs quite a bit of work but is thankfully skippable. Once you're past that, the game is terrific. the RTS aspect with that special twist really makes it unqiue and oddly enjoyable. I myself am horrible at RTS games, but i really do enjoy this game! There is a lot more to this game that makes it such a unique experience, but dont hesitate to buy this game becaused of the mixed review."
,Not Recommended,235380,15721667,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,elfenwolf,"Vorab, es kann sich noch viel ändern den es ist Early Accsess. Wer ein Spiel erwartet a la Blitzkrieg 2 wird möglicherweise enttäuscht sein den so wie es sich jetzt präsentiert liegt der Schwerpunkt eher auf den Multiplayerpart.Das Grundgerüst dazu ist gut aber die Umsetzung gefällt mir nicht. Es geht darum die Basis des Gegners zu erobern und dafür hat man 10 Minuten Zeit was dazu führt das es in hektisches geklicke ausartet.Für ein Spiel auf dem Handy wäre es ok, aber für den PC reicht es einfach nicht.Ehrlich gesagt habe ich mir mehr erwartet."
76561197983373520,Recommended,235380,17553324,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ManRammer,Tank. Infantry. Explosion. Build home. Defend home. Kill someone's home. Pillage. Burn. Rend. Maim. Much stronk. My mind feel like say word again: STRONK!Bugs = StronkPvP = StronkerBase building = StronkestI say buy game. Will stronker itself. Stronkess potential unlimited.
76561198021703387,Recommended,235380,18650153,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tom,dear makers of this game i give it 10 out of 10 this game is amazing keep up the good work
,Not Recommended,235380,34047089,Posted: 5 August,all,ActualBP,"Feels cheap and arcade-like. All clash of clans comments are very accurtate.- Single player is really shallow and lacks any kind of coherent WWII narrative- Really poor voice acting, it's jarring and immersion breaking (i.e. American accent screaming ""Look at all those Krauts!"" during a historically British campaign mission)- Weapons all sound exactly the same (rifle, machine gun, etc.)- ""Borris"" is constantly pushed/referred to within the campaign and feels gimicky- UI takes up about 1/3 of the screen and can't be scaled backThe entire thing just feels really uninspired and lacks any kind depth whatsoever. Spam units, right click, rinse, repeat....At least it has nice graphics"
,Recommended,235380,19064146,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,cameron,A great multiplayer game for any strategists out there!
76561198051932525,Recommended,235380,19969754,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ClockworkDaniel,"I like the game, especially the first mission,  but the only problem i have is the way the units move in place then start skipping, like they were laging. it doesnt affect the game but it gets annoying. please fix, but other than that good game."
76561198263380562,Recommended,235380,32556463,Posted: 18 June,all,Fluffiest Tank,"This game is quite decent for a completely different iteration of the Blitzkrieg franchise. I've played through the first two a while back, and I honestly don't see any problem with this one. In fact, I feel like this game in particular offers more replayability compared to the previous two games because of its sandbox-like elements (There isn't an actual ending). That and the achievement of getting 1,000 units being a thing. Now, it isn't perfect, but it is by no means a bad game. In fact, with some additional fixes and patches implemented, it could be an even more impressive game to play.As for those who have complained about the gameplay, I will have to just say that you just might be doing it wrong. The most common thing I hear is that ""infantry is useless"". I can assure you that you are not using them correctly, because infantry can be quite formidable when used properly. Anti-tank infantry are some of the most vindictive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s I've come across (particularly the Russian ATR teams) that can ruin your tank force if you aren't careful or let them get too close. Assault infantry can soak up a lot of damage and can dish out just as much in return, and MG teams can suppress enemy infantry, which is something very few tanks can do (current exception being the A9 Cruiser Mk.I). Light vehicles have different purposes, be it anti-aircraft duties or reconnaissance, and tanks and tank destroyers are quite usefull for certain situations. Also, a tip for those who are failing to use infantry to their fullest potential would be to use cover such as buildings, trenches, and emplacements to enhance effectiveness and their chances of survival.My only complaint is with the Barbed wire and tank traps. I have over 15 hedgehogs in my inventory and the most you can put down is usually eight altogether. With that said, I'd like to see if the devs would implement a limit on how many mines and obstacles you can have. Otherwise I'll be staring at my screen contemplating why I have over 200 AT mines that I can't even place down. (Exaggeration is fun)Overall, I enjoy this game a lot. It might not be for everyone, but it is still a game that many will enjoy playing if they give it some time. It's not going to be like Men of War or Company of heroes, but in the end the payoff is worth it in my book."
,Recommended,235380,18258000,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mark Cuckerberg,"I really like this game! I vaguely remember playing the original Blitzekrieg on my parents' Compaq, but I was seven at the time and quite frankly don't see why we're talking about that in a reviews for a game made 12 years later. It's kind of like Clash of Clans in that you place and upgrade your base in one portion of the game and do battle in another. Different from Clash of Clans, however, is that you get direct control over your soldiers, the maps are much bigger and defensive placement relies much more on catching actual humans off-guard. I like the feeling of persistent progression and that the grind to the next dope unlock is never too mountainous. It's easy to jump in for five minutes and end up staying for a few hours. Personal preference is important, but I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,235380,32164737,Posted: 3 June,all,Dead meme,"This game has the progression of a FTP game only it costs money up front. this is clash of clans with a different skin and a bit more polish. this game disgusts me that they advertise this as a strategic RTS, thats not what this is. you need to grind and grind to progress but this game doesnt deserve your time. its fun for the first part before you realize the amount of compressed feces in this ""game"". This disgusting scam is unfinished and is content bare. im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that i cant get a refund."
76561198008193333,Recommended,235380,26549185,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Demar71,"This is my favorite type of strategy game, i'm giving it a thumbs up because i had fun playing it even tho it was too difficult in some places. I'm talking about the single player campaign. The average Joe, new to the series, will not be able to play this, especially with out difficulty settings. I was able to play the first few missions, got stopped at the 1st Russian mission, part B. In part A of March on Davgavpils i failed on the 2nd objective (hold the 3 mortars) over and over again due to unlimited Russian reinforcements. I started ignoring the scenario instructions and found it was easy to complete. On part B all my units disappeared and i only had a few light tanks and inf. I gave it my best try, scouted with inf and called in arty but it wasn't enough. After 4 tries with different strategies i gave up.I know it's your game and you can change things to fit your needs but i find it very irritating when things aren't accurate. A few examples: Stug III A is not a tank destroyer. If i'm not mistaken models A-E were labled self-propelled or assualt guns. They had low velocity 7.5cm guns to destroy bunkers and inf. Wasn't till the end of 42' or maybe 43' that some were upgraded to long barreled high velocity guns. Maybe thats why it takes a Stug III A. 11 rounds to kill a mortar, you only gave them armor piercing rounds and no HE. Another example: PTRD-41 Russian anti-tank rifle. Even with the best ammo it could never penetrate the 50mm of front armor on my Stug but it only took 4 shot to kill it. It took my other Stug 8 shots to kill the AT rifle.Other things i didn't like:Sdkfz 222 labeled as a great scout but has the visability of a motorcycle helmet with the visor down.AA guns shoot down aircraft with out being seen even tho aircraft should have the best unit visability in the game.Wish there was supply and repair. Tank crews were trained in basic repair, inf squads had medics. Maybe add those to the game in a difficulty setting.Why can't i capture mortars, anti-tank guns and move them?Would like to see a bigger impact of XP on units.I don't like your hot keys, why can't i rebind them?I didn't get far enough to find out if the supply limit is increased, i would like to play with more units.I didn't get far enough to find out about all the units in the game, do you get your own arty, mortars, anti-tank guns? These seem like basic units why aren't they in the game at the start.Why can't i force fire my units at a location?Can i have a few seconds to look around before the battle starts.I bought this game for the single player campaigns, i hope they are extensive and detailed with lots of choices. Please don't skimp on them in favor of PvP."
,Not Recommended,235380,15781072,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Royal,WHAT THE UNHOLY F**K. I spent 30$ for just a 2 day game!?the launcher and game website have very little ways to contact support of anyway.Steam says i have the game purchased. yet the launcher is forcing me to purchase the game AGAIN before i can launch it.
76561198269269071,Recommended,235380,19846009,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CaptainErcoupe,"Game is very well conceived. Some unique aspects. Still a ways to go but I like what I see so far. Suggestions: Being able to save your bases is a must. Investment in a better server so there are fewer disconnects. Improved stats. Nerf USSR. Count games against friends in chat toward stats...after all they are tougher than playing AI and would increase fun factor and real player games. Map rotation would be great. I find it funny that some players find the game hard. If you're not hitting at least a 40% win rate, you're doing something wrong."
76561197995593700,Recommended,235380,16303875,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,taipan.p,This is my first purchase of an Early Access Game as I don't care for this way of releasing games but my desire to try out the asynchronous multiplayer was to great to resist.After a few days of playing an hour or so day I've gotta say its been alot of fun so far. Asynchronous multiplayer meets my needs for online play and the battles are quick and very enjoyable. I can't wait to see what the game is like when ready for a mainstream release.
,Recommended,235380,17952267,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Dr. Banker,It's great. If you dont know if you want to purchase then do your research watch gameplay without people talking giving their opinion. If you are set on buying the game then just buy it. If you don't want to purchase it then you didn't need to read this. It's great.
76561198007599568,Recommended,235380,15727328,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,[RIP] AEJarl,"A game for gameplay...Build base buildings in your map, buy units, defense and set up your base/map.when players attack/ play a battle, it its vs that map and set up, same goes if you attack.Its rugh but fun and ongoing Build and battle, With more players (2vs2 3vs3 4vs4) and coop teamup it will be good."
,Recommended,235380,20185203,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dr Mad,"I played the original game (B1) for a while , I never actually finished but I remember having fun with it , the game was good , detailed enough (even for 2009 lol) , lots of units , of abilities.I remember having a lot of fun being able to use a lot of units on huge maps , and being able to have endless possibilities.Being able to move PAKs and Artillery gun was also a fun thing I always liked to do for a reason , I always loved AT guns and Artillery guns (Especially the Flak 88).I think was this game lacks is this.I do like the game , and it really has potential in it. Devs often communicate and listen to our requests.Now in it's current state , it shouldn't be considered as a ""Blitzkrieg"" game. I'm not a die-hard fan of the series as many can tell , but I think they need to put aside the name to fully see the game.Though the game does indeed need to be changed , I believe it's better if we waited and gave our opinion on each update and saying specifically what should be tweaked or changed.No need to be mad at the devs , they are already doing a lot of work to create the game to their liking and ours. Which is a really hard work by the way.It's still an alpha and therefor time is needed to fully finish the game. We haven't seen many units , but I do think the devs are working on it.I would say it's better to wait for the updates and help the devs with bug fixing and balance.If we help them , they help us.I still recommend the game as I think we need a big community to help. Maybe grab it on a sale."
76561197995574104,Not Recommended,235380,25232040,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Selis,"Nival has shown a master class on how to completely ruin a legendary game. Take everything you've known about (in-) famous Blitzkrieg series and throw it out the window because this is a completely differen beast.First off the most important part of any BK game - MP - is clash of clans style junk (0.9 release doesn't help it much). It's nothing like it used to be - massive BK battles is a thing of past. Seriously, whoever at Nival came up with this idea of asynchronous multiplayer - go design mobile games, this crap has no place in PC gaming.As for SP, it is featuring poorly deigned missions that lead to difficulty surpasing that of BK:Fall of the reich (I hated it, but in the same time have massive respect as it was designed with hardcore fans in mind and everyone knew that).Only positive things I honestly see are the idea of building up your army with recently introduced reward system and somewhat decent visuals. Core gamelay mechanics (with classic BK in mind) are pretty much broken in every aspect.It really hurts me to press that ""No"" button under ""Do you recommend this game?"" because I really wanted this game to succeed and bring back the series. However a series of poor design decisions on Nival's part are really making me doubt Nival's capability of turning this mess around and making another great BK game.I believe guys at Nival should launch BK 1 and 2 (surely they must have a copy, lol), study on what made those games great and build on top of that, not, completely out of blue introduce some weird mobile game style elements and ruin core gameplay. If weird mobile game style is what You want to do - don't call it Blitzkrieg. Have some respect for a legendary game - even if you own the franchise."
76561198065658262,Recommended,235380,32334821,Posted: 10 June,all,KGB7007,"The most I've enjoyed an RTS game in years, and it's my favorite genre. Leveling up units and unlocking new toys is such a great way to reward players for time invested. Haven't had fun in single player in so long, it's like campaigns are just some side project to funnel you into multiplayer, which apparently devs think everyone just loves, and maybe a majority do, but I sure don't.I wish more RTS games had the loot hunt and persistent character building, gear getting, army acquiring, etc, thatnks devs for making a game outside the cookie-cutter mentality! Love it.The bad reviews are a shame, the biggest threat to RTS games sometimes seems like the fans themselves.If only the front lines in the world map could be moved in a dynamic campaign, this game would be god like! Hope it gets more popular so maybe something like that can happen."
,Not Recommended,235380,24223501,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,soldierman167,Blitzkrieg 3 no Blitzkrieg 2 yes
,Not Recommended,235380,29515352,Posted: 26 January,all,jeffreyeyr,"I bought this game over a year ago and it's worse now than it was when I bought it. Stuttering performance, confusing menu, removal of game modes, it's all gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Do yourself a favor and just wait for Sudden Strike 4 to come out."
,Recommended,235380,17569953,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,VedioGameFreaks,"an RTS mixed with a moble game resorce system, fun but has a few problems"
76561198013222521,Recommended,235380,20026043,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,{Ace} MangoRage,"awsome game, this and company of hereos are great games, lets support the develoment of this great games"
76561197972377824,Not Recommended,235380,25384087,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,lenmo,"If i wanted to play a Facebook game I would play one on Facebook for free not pay money for it, Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game. You got my money now go choke on it."
76561198017537910,Not Recommended,235380,16209140,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,chris105pek,"OMG, don't buy this game! Pure rubbish! Before I bought this game I read all these reviews I was like:""how bad it could be?"" It is that bad! COC like game but super unbalanced! And it's really boring farming for upgrades, only a few maps to play. Pure Rubbish, don't buy! Or you will regret, like I did!"
76561198006756264,Recommended,235380,32179718,Posted: 4 June,all,Edgewalker,Pros:- lots of single player content ( 3 large campaigns )- 3 stages of war concept is very neat- story missions are fun and clearly different from each other- air combat is a real eye candy- ccg elements & unit unlocks- leveling units & commanders- tech trees- art & graphicsCons:- loading times- game can ocassionally start stuttering for no reason- infantry seems really underpowered8+/10
76561197981172118,Recommended,235380,28094999,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,adamlorraine,"Very nice game , more like the original blitzkrieg. Hard but as addictive, great graphics and sound. Give us more missions and scenarios please."
76561198055473724,Recommended,235380,23128578,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tankslayer_TFX,Not the original Blitzkrieg.....but its still fun
76561197971155742,Recommended,235380,20018407,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,moxy,>Starts game as America>Cruises through training missions>hears stories of the feared Russian tanks>meets his first russian on the firing end of his bunker>Russians get slaughtered>Thinks everyone is overreacting>Meets a higher ranked Russian player>I now spend my days shivering in the corner remembering when i was still innocent-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Real review:The game special. Coming back online after a nights sleep is always great to see if your defences had held off the nightmares. Even if you didnt hold them back it lets you prepare better and make the most impenetrable wall of firepower in the history of mankind. Offense is soild i find it more difficult espically if the defender has a well built up defense. I have not tried skirmish/missions so i can not judge those.The downside I see often enough is that the pathfinding leaves room for improvement.Balance issues are present but not huge.Last off machinegunners can wipe out entire infantry blocks if you move them into a bad spot by mistake. they get pinned and will all slowly be masacered so beware your surroundings.
76561198006288663,Not Recommended,235380,15795689,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,aminuseternal,"Many of the reviews I have seen have most of the same complaints that I have for the most part. Yes it is very pretty, everything looks fantastic, especially the buildings with the idle soldiers just about, but that is probably one of its strongest features is how pretty it is.Currently it feels lacking in content, and while it can be said that this is an early access game, so are other titles with more content and that do not feel like a ww2 version of clash of clans.Now I have not tried out the historical battles yet, because the first one is just a wave defense and currently, I have zero desire to play a wave defense. There is no other way to see if there are any other battles because it just takes you straight into it. No single player besides that really. From what I have seen so far it doesnt look like there are any custom commanders to level up either. Nor any interactive campaign map on the multiplay side, just build a base and attack people, which just feels so uninspired that I honenestly thought that I would have to wait hours for my buildings to upgrade unless I bought a premium currency.There really is not much of a cover system, so if you were thinking of company of heroes where you can hide behind a wall and throw grenades over it not really going to happen. While it does feel like it plays like blitzkrieg 2, it plays like blitzkrige 2. The controls are very similar without much improvement, as many other criticized the fact that you cannot face tanks, and you cant. I actually had a panzer one driving backwards until it spotted an enemy then decided to turn around.Blitztkrieg one and two are fantastic games, but just little tweaks here and there to fix old controls and such would be fantastic. The graphics are all nice and good so they got that part down. Another thing is a lack of an ability to actually call in reinforcements which I guess is because of their strange multiplayer not a campagin campaign thing that they have going.  Multiplayer is not an instant make a game better solution, and when done improperly makes things worse.Seeing as I have had many reservations about early access, the reason why I bought this was actually for the blitzkrieg one and two anthologies that I got with it and decided to give this a try anyways.Overal, this game needs a lot more work. It is dreadfully lacking in content and the fact that It is missing so much customization and single player aspects is very worrysome.There is no way I could recommend this game. Even just as a first impression I cannot recommend it, because you could buy far better things worth your time and money.That being said, I really want this game to succeed. I really do, the market is so lacking in rts, that people are recommend turnbased games because there is not anything else out there that is decent beside company of heores, total war, and starcraft. Plus I love blitzkrieg, and the opportunity to see a new one would be amazing. Right now however, this is just a sad shell of something much better."
76561198142099129,Not Recommended,235380,25403491,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,"I blitz to refund button and had no krieg on getting my money back.Not even close to the good old Blitzkrieg series. I may give it another shot after the game is released but unfortunately right now, it is not worth the money at all. Sorry devs! Must try harder!2/10 Just for the adrenaline to click the Refund button and the name Blitzkrieg."
76561198018604383,Not Recommended,235380,22165070,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ady Odds,Bought this for £29.99 and to me it's a waste of money. Defending your base is impossible in MP. You get hit by a hidden Enemy by Artillery Fire before they attack. Also the lack of any in game documentation is frustrating. COH is far better. I would suggest that this is released in a better state then it currently is.
76561198079623191,Not Recommended,235380,25285677,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SCP-049,"I played this game a while back. I played it a little and enjoyed it a little until I finally came to my senses and said to myself... ""You idiot! You spent thirty dollars on a Facebook game!"" This game is literally a facebook game with a price tag and a BIG one at that for an Early Access game. I suggest this to the devs. Make the game like Blitzkrieg 1 and 2. And make the game balanced because I am sure having first tier soldiers fighting machine gun bunkers, mines, IS-2s and T-34s when your heaviest tank is a hetzer isn't exactly fair. AND FOR CHRIST SAKES. LOWER. THE. PRICE. Its early access for Petes sake. This game has NOTHING to offer more then ""Build base, build units, attack."" Rinse and repeat. Make this game free or have us pay five dollars. I think that is fair. But for now, STAY THE HELL AWAY"
76561198014227166,Not Recommended,235380,24179564,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Face of Insanity,"so played like 30 mins of it because thats where i just gave up...(only voting down just for now till later on if it gets some TLC)1st off theres no single player or an option for single play i have found, kinda sux cause its somethign i would like to have like you had in BK12nd the ""historical campaign"" for some reason require other people, not sure if this was  intensional or i missed something, but seems something like this should be single player but its not...3rd, there is literally hardly anyone online for multiplayer games, AND the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥with connection i drop out after 5mins all the time so it makes it difficualt to do anythign hence why im thinking were the hells the single player game?i would refund this but imma hold onto it and come back in a month or so and see how its panning out, hopefully it dosnt turn out to be a sh*t show as players online seem to think it is..."
76561198056991695,Recommended,235380,30441239,Posted: 10 March,all,mita830,"@Alek34 ""Where's my engineering trucks, or mobile Artillery, Or airstrikes that can mult-task(attack diffrent targets like in Blitzkriege 2.) Heck... where is any of the good things from two and one?!?!I agree where is it? It was such an awesome tool.The gameplay needs more zoomout to enjoy the battle action.Love the Unit unlock system...Overall so far, on a good way to be great, great action once you know your short cuts.I would recommend it only if the price will be same or less.."
,Recommended,235380,28071126,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OneNemesis25,the best games world war 2 i'm play. but you need more improvement about this games. so keep it up. i will support this games. but campaign really hard. so hard. this games must need more update ok. the nazis and for the mother russian. hehe
76561197984833243,Not Recommended,235380,35159831,Posted: 23 September,all,taxtro,"Game is buggy, takes a long time to load anything.Also, winning a few battles and not getting a battle report/rewards... which then resets that battle as if I didn't just finish it.infantry is almost useless, they die instantlyCool idea for a game, but seriously needs some work.2/5"
,Not Recommended,235380,16210486,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Koopa Troopa,"This is the worst thought out RTS i have ever come to play.  Asynchronous Multiplayer has removed all of the human interface. Furthermore the units can not dig in, resupply, fix or dig trenches which was the beauty of Blitzkrieg 1.  This has further drawn away from the realistic side to a more easy mass of force and plough through defences.  Little was meant for the inutitive information gathering, use of airpower wisely or having artillery units.  They removed all of this into a lengthy base building project which would be equal to the neverending story.  If anyone is thinking of buying this I would stay away and look at something with more substance like Men of War: Assault Squad 2 or wait for Hearts of Iron 4"
,Not Recommended,235380,29370194,Posted: 19 January,all,Tiz84,"Loved the early blitzkrieg games..Cannot reccomned this game to any single player gamers. Its quite simply put... a grinders game. Having to do levels over and over and over again to have any chance of having unts good enough for the next mission.If youre in it for the MP, im sure you will enjoy it... just wait for a price drop"
76561198009168795,Not Recommended,235380,15737502,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,elmoro666,i was hoping that it would be a kind of sudden strike game.. but better.....it is not...they could have get the best features of sudden strike and close combat and use em for blitzkrieg3....damn!  :[
,Not Recommended,235380,24114454,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Beetlelord,"Avoid this for now. This game is so bad right now after nearly a decade of writing perhaps 1 Steam review, I've found this so bad that it warrants a negative review.Major issues:♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathfindingBattles that take way too long and and are way too short (I will elaborate later)♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficulty curveSo the pathfinding. You have to manually, individually command units. If you do a big move order units get stuck, they get jammed and the best part is, if two units get stuck on each other they do damage! Brilliant game design choice there. It makes the most basic of features tiresome - moving your armies about.Units get vaporised in seconds if you're not careful. The ""artillery"" (Including planes, hence the quotation marks) is incredibly overuses by the AI and will wipe your entire army if you do not react in time. Currently I have no AA vehicles and I have no idea if they are even in the game. You have defensive AA but that's only for base defense. So it's a tiring slog through a basic mission, meaning the whole thing becomes an over-extended bore. You have to carefully, slowly poke forward and with the pathfinding being so bad even that can fail miserably to stop you getting hideously punished.So battles can and do end VERY quickly, often unfairly so.Now why do they take too long? If you manage to somehow best the above, you have to take down the HQ and their radar (it calls for ENDLESS reinforcements from the AI - seemingly) meaning the longer you take the MORE enemy units there are. What a catastrophically♥♥♥♥♥♥design flaw - punish people for moving too fast, punish people for moving too slow. So battles are both too slow and too fast. There's no happy medium and the game becomes a chore.Seriously, you can even check the ingame bars - it shows your unit score in blue. I start with nearly 600. They slowly die off, so does the enemies. Then BAM the enemy counter goes from 60 back to 600. Yet I have nothing now to counter?♥♥♥♥♥♥game design 101.So you think to rush the radar? Bad idea. The enemy reinforcements spawn in the HQ, it's cluttered so bad pathing becomes even more painful and the way LoS works means they will be able to snipe you from the Fog of War with impunity. Another exercise in frustration.So yeah.♥♥♥♥♥♥pathfinding,♥♥♥♥♥♥game design choices and a terribly balanced AI opponent have turned me so off this game it upsets me greatly. Avoid."
,Recommended,235380,15731099,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,☭ Comrade ☭,"I don't understand all negative reviews, because game did not come out yet. This is just an alpha and majority of things are disabled. This release happened now, because commercially it is perfect hit for May 9 - Victory Day against Fascism.Currently, the game is pretty raw and there are not many things, but you can see even now that game has many cool features. I bought it now, because you have  a chance to receive some special things if you buy it before May 12. Game will be in the development at least 4 months more. So, if you want to level up much easier now than it will be later, like me, then buy it now. But there are not many things to do right now except leveling up and see some basic mechanics.Otherwise, you should buy it after official release and don't scream about problems now. It is stupid, because this is ALPHA!!! DayZ sucked at first too, but now it is pretty good. Blitzkrieg 3 is fine even now and will be great after official release."
76561198224609156,Recommended,235380,17417936,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,riddick,make a real time day and night thats nice..the community people are always repeatedly deeds.boring
76561197974628635,Recommended,235380,17460218,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,5★ Hexperience (live),"The first ""RTS"" where iam not under time pressure and can find a relaxed way to wreck the enemys baseno micromanagement skills needed at all!"
76561198033230838,Not Recommended,235380,15804694,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,rolan,"I'm a fan of Blitzkrieg series, вut this game is a full fail!Don't buy it."
76561197980875016,Recommended,235380,31299411,Posted: 22 April,all,Chaz,"Something compelled me to reinstall this title and see what the updates have done. Oh my, the single player campaign is playable and very enjoyable so far. Things seem to make sense and have purpose. I like it! I will continue to play and see what my axis single campaign leads into. I'm currently impressed and will follow up...Keep up the good work developers!Chaz"
,Not Recommended,235380,30207203,Posted: 26 February,all,{HCLIE} Alek34,"Where's my engineering trucks, or mobile Artillery, Or airstrikes that can mult-task(attack diffrent targets like in Blitzkriege 2.) Heck... where is any of the good things from two and one?!?!"
,Not Recommended,235380,23811180,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Paquimex,"Lovely graphics, but honestly, it felt like playing a facebook game, i'll stick to blitkrieg2i hope i can get my refund if the game is still like this once it's completeEDIT: already got my refund, get MoW2 it's way better and not a facebook game with pretty graphics"
76561197974265320,Recommended,235380,17336562,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Monkey Boy,downloaded the DLC steam says it has installed but its not there. Any ideas? whos idea was it to turn B3 into Age of empires?
76561197971015695,Not Recommended,235380,34316849,Posted: 17 August,all,MOBB,"Yes, this game requires constant internet connection to play, even in single player campaign.  This wouldnt be a problem but  the save game files apparently are online and they are quite buggy so you lose all your progress in the current mission frequently.  I have gigabit lan and double check on my end and then checked their forums and other people have the same issue.  to make matters worse they dont respond to trouble tickets in their support area on their website.Edit:  Now my save games are deleting themselves randomly, typical Russian quality, what do you expect?I would not buy this game in its current version."
76561198135557803,Recommended,235380,24534311,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lukar,"First of all - I bought this game on 50pct sale, so i have not spend as much as some of you.But and I must say I disapprove the bad reviews.The MP is fun, the building of your base is interesting =)About the balance - it seems to me that it is very ""tier-dependant"".For example, people below me are complaing about attack aircrafts.  You (and the enemy due to the MM) get the air-support a tier sooner than you get the AA guns on light vehicles, so for a few games before you move to the next tier, the attack airplanes are OP.But the only thing that needs to be done is to push your tanks forwards or pull back out of the target area. Thats it, simple. And just a tier above, you get mobile AA guns.It is the way the game punishes tactics of a one single ""invincible"" blob of heavy tanks slowly pushing forward.I am currently at the level 6 and overall balance seems to be quite good. I find the siege of some AI-controlled bases quite challenging and if there is a person defending, its even better. Skirmises are OK. I havent played SP-campaign yet, but i am going to when i reach the top tier in MP =)I have played B1 and 2 in their days and B3 doesnt seem any worse to me, its just more MP-focused. Yes, I like to win. But if everything is too easy, there is no point in playing. I find current difficulty as something around normal / hard of B1, depending on the MM."
76561198018197011,Recommended,235380,22532299,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,WiCKED,"first i would like to thank the developer for the genere of game which we really miss and hard to find onthose days, coz most of game makers the buuild space or fps game which i like to play too but for a strategy games not much, so what i can sey about my impression of the game is i loved and like spending time to actually squeezing my mind :-) while playing and thinkingjust to my best choice of strategy game is GENERALS & Red Alert (Westwood) and i like playing RUSE and ofcourse (COH + COH2)u know it will be nice to add some character like Romel, Paton...etc with the battle which those great generals or commanders combat in so we and the new generation dont forget about ..."
76561198022722270,Not Recommended,235380,28250561,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Benomacer,"Enemy KI has unlimited units yours are limited. Chaotic missions where you have to be everywhere at the same time on the map. I have the impression the developers didnt play their own missions so they would realize what crap they are building.Units look nice, map detail looks good but playing itself is just stupid and annoying.Im refering to the ""Luftalarm"" (Air Alert or Airstrike?) mission I can Play with the Russians and to the ""Sabotage in Nordafrika"" mission that can be played with the germans.The ""problem"" is the Ammont of troops I have compared to the ammount of troops the enemy has. If the enemy had all his troops together in one spot they would wipe me out in 5-10 seconds.Now fortunately, they are not all in one spot so they can be killed group by group. The Problem again is, that the player cannot replentisch his troops and repair his vechikles after killing an enemy group. In Blitzkrieg 2 there were truks with pioniers who could repair the vechicels. What happened to them? Do you want to tell me that the Tanks where easier to build thaen the trucks??In the first Blitzkrieg 3 Missoin with the Germans they had first aid kits. Now nothing. Every faction WW2 had paramedics and doctors in their armies even the russians. Furthermore there should be certain points at the map where one can replentish the lost soldiers of an infantry unit before going on.Nevertheless most of the missions are still doable step by step,, even they are quite unsatisfying, (because no repair and no replentishment) as long as they are linear. Because the player can focus his fewer units in one spot to wipe out the enemy there before moving on. In this to missions Luftalarm and Sabotage in Nordafrika you get targets all over the map at the same time. That means you have to split your units and then there is no focusing anymore. Its just the 30 enemy units on the map against the 6 units of the player wich are already damaged from the battles they faced before while all enemys are fresh. And then you step into some minefields. Would be no problem if i had the amount of units the enemy has if 2 or 3 step into mines. But if i have only 6 units well 2or 3 is half of my army and if they are already damaged theat mine will blow them to hell. There is no way of winning that by using ones brain. The only way there might be is to save and reload 100 times per mission.But that is not a strategy game for me its an ANNOYING game. And annoying isn't ment only as andjective but also as a new genre. I love playing strategy but i hate playing gmes from the annoying kind.I strongly recommend that developers to play that missions 4-5 times and make it playable before releasing it, else you will face  tonns of negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,235380,32146594,Posted: 3 June,all,Magpie,"Why release now, June 3rd? The game is still unfinished with many problems!""You have a pending refund request for this product."""
76561198011315441,Recommended,235380,32514204,Posted: 17 June,all,Butcher,the game play is great. i just wish the mission map was bigger and the missions lasted longer.
76561198087997655,Recommended,235380,30670290,Posted: 22 March,all,Blaum,"Well, the game almost important mechanism is on the tank and right hitting mechanism. If you like infantry just forget it, it is only used to main some immobile anti tank gun/ AA gun. Otherwise, just see it being wiped by tank. Some maps still bugged and sometimes it's so heavy on my PC but sometimes it's not (the same map, just restarted since it's hang before and it counted as defeat).Since it's an early play. I find it's addicting still."
76561198065695312,Recommended,235380,30611670,Posted: 19 March,all,Trelisar,"I definately like what they have done to this game, in its early stages it was just unplayable because of lags and errors... so keep the good work up :)"
76561198389217173,Not Recommended,235380,34592508,Posted: 29 August,all,smith.jody9898,By far my least favorite Blitzkrieg game ever.  While it still has that Blitzkrieg flavor most of the missions seem a bit difficult with the units provided but maybe that's just me. Whenever I quit the game and don't play for a while my progress goes away like it was never saved. Also while it ran perfectly when I first installed it it's now super glitchy. The unies jump around and sometimes float in mid-air. Hopefully this is something that will be fixed. Overall I found it to be a big disapointment even after hours of play to give it a fair chance.
,Recommended,235380,15734403,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Squarepusher,"So far so fun for a early acces game.It sure is not Blitzkrieg at all anymore but it still makes for a decent and addicting game. Conquering the bases that other players created, each and everyone different from one another proved to be just as exciting as the constantly new possibilities in moba games. Lets see how long this game can hold me. For now, it gets a recommend, the price of 30€ isn't much and the content is there even if unfinished and a tad broken.I hopethe publishers take care of the future development of this game, so I don't have to change my review into a negative one. Therefore for anyone reading this, this review should be taken with the fact in mind that this game is in alpha status and that I, as of writing this, really enjoyed the 8hours I've spent so far with this game but might change my mind in the next few months unless I see progress.My biggest issueswith this game are the lack of actual RTS elements. While range indicators are involved the basic combat system breaks down to rock, paper, siscors. The strategic part of the game lacks depth and needs drastic improvement. The movement too, Infantry should have different movement speeds based on gear and vehicles especially, should be fixed.The motions feel too clunky and units don't behave realistically.I also want more control over my units. I want to tell my Infantry when to charge, get down or use items. The armies aren't that big that a little more mircomanagement would hurt.Further the graphics are 'okay' but the sound needs improvement. Not just the ambience but the weapon and gear sounds as well.For anyone whining about it not Blitzkrieg,youre right, get over it, its still a decent start and the brand 'blitzkrieg' doesn't belong to you. Thats life, thats gaming, accept it - Singleplayer is still similar to the old games so enjoy that. Otherwise I recommend you Men of War or the first CoH, but stay away from CoH2.I'll say it one last time, if you're not okay with playing unfinished games, don't buy this - yet. However if you have no problem with that and you enjoy ARCADE RTS you're good to buy this already."
76561198050118357,Recommended,235380,32963593,Posted: 28 June,all,S-Kill,"A greate game! Friendly to new players and a nice step forward for a franchise upone the whole. Just do not expect it to be Blitzkrieg 1 and 2 clone, it's different in a way, but still a very good fast paced RTS.10 KV-2 reload times/10"
76561198053103487,Not Recommended,235380,31422749,Posted: 28 April,all,SegoTT,"Game always has server lags, it is impossible play even campaign due to required server connection. Very slow loading time again due to bad server connection. At the moment the game is unplayable due to lags.Do not reccomend to buy as it is not finished."
76561198007177852,Not Recommended,235380,34099192,Posted: 8 August,all,SUNNY,"Too many bugs, connection errors, etc.Is this how Russians make a game without Vodka? or with Vodka..."
76561197973685498,Not Recommended,235380,15742835,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Unknown,Do NOT buy this game it crashes windows 7 every game and you won't get a refund.
,Recommended,235380,32658003,Posted: 22 June,all,|51st|.Pte.Rulan,"Nice blend of historical accuracy and fast-paced arcade strategy gaming, with well-researched equipment and excellent detail. Excellent single-player campaigns for Soviets, Americans, and Germans, similar to Dawn of War with partially persistent army and unit cards.Tendency for blobbing, and infantry are largely pointless when tanks are available."
76561198042854721,Recommended,235380,15788378,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DELTAGOD,"(Sigh) What do I say about this game.... well.... its pretty freaking good! That's what.OK so it's like this...You build up your base and then attack other players bases with the army you've built up over the time. Now it isn't a ""Wait 4 days for a t-44 to be built game. You build, its done instantly, go kill some stuff. Its that simple, and its done pretty well.Pros:-Free, its entirely free after the purchase to play... meaning no monthly pay to play♥♥♥♥♥♥..-It rewards scouting and tactical play, send in a light tank to see what the enemy has and then arty the crap out of it-it has an ""In Depth"" leveling system for units where the more they fight the more awesome they get-Great sound design and weapon sounds-Explosions (Check) Vodka (Check) Russian Bears with DSHK's (Maybe ill hold off on that)-A lot moreCons:-Tedious, attacking and then attacking, may get repetitive for some-grinding.... maybe.... sometimes... yeah there's grinding-that's pretty much it alongside a few minor bugsOverall the game is great... is it worth the steep 30$ price tag? Yes, in my opinion yes it is... its worth every penny.Now remember its not every ones cup of tea, no way is it that. I just think it was a great buy for myself personally.Score: 9/10 (Would rofl stomp players base with Assault Squads and rockets again)"
76561198073268469,Recommended,235380,25429063,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,GrandMajora,"While the game looks fun and interesting, it unfortunately does a horrible job of teaching you how to play the game. The game completely lacks a tutorial for major details you need to know to play. Instead expecting you to figure it out on your own. As a result, new players to the game will have no idea what they're doing and end up failing objectives and missions simply because they were uninformed.But aside from having little to no tutorial, it serves as an otherwise entertaining war game."
,Recommended,235380,20124463,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,|USMC| Pvt*U.S. Marine,This game is kick♥♥♥♥♥ If you are in to stragey games then this is a must have. I am looking forward to what will be added in the coming months.
76561198058770970,Recommended,235380,20009598,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[1st Mn] Rommel,If you want blitzkrieg 2 wells its not here but if you like clash of clans at all and ww2 then I say this is a pretty good looking game nad then it also has a historical campaign to play.
,Recommended,235380,32279780,Posted: 8 June,all,bilita88,"Grat game for single player experience. A lot of missions and units to use. Some bugs and slowdowns, perhaps a patch might fix some performancy issues. Glad to have another blitzkrieg game to play. 7/10"
76561198036240269,Not Recommended,235380,34021849,Posted: 4 August,all,arousseau16,fun game but getting network errors every 5 minutes hurts it very badly
76561198036675870,Not Recommended,235380,34090831,Posted: 7 August,all,francisc456,This game would honnetsly be good if the servers wouldn't crash mid mission 50% of the time kicking you out of your mission and wiping any save that you have done. ou then need to restart from scratch and it's really annoying.
,Not Recommended,235380,34559958,Posted: 28 August,all,jhonelver,"worst blitzkrieg ever made, no players online so the game is dead, there is nothing to do. the game ven says co-op but there is no coop in game. you cant go with friends against AI that is not possible and not in the game. dont buy it dont play it it is not worth it.besides that the game suffers from bugs, crashes and freezes. it is almost unplayable."
76561198032973494,Recommended,235380,22886397,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,sail64,"I've only played a few missions thus far but my first impressions are generally positive. I've always enjoyed the Blitzkrieg games and was excited when I saw this one.  Gameplay is generally similar to the previous ones, but it has better graphics. It most assuredly needs a 'save' option, as it's annoying to have to quit mid-mission and then have to start the whole mission over again. I also miss the variable stance option for infantry where they automatically go prone when under fire. I'm not fond of the new system where auxilliaries (air and fire support) are on a separate tab rather than displayed on the same screen as one's troops, but I can learn to live with it if it doesn't change.  So far there's no means of selecting which reinforcements you recieve-don't know if that's because it's no longer there or I just haven't progressed far enough for it to be an option, but if it is gone, I'd like it back.  Overall, I'd say if you liked the previous games you'll probably like this one.Now back to conquering/liberating Europe . . .Okay, so a few more things that need to be added from BK2. Infantry need to be able to entrench as do vehicles, or at least enter pre-prepared trenches. One of the weaknesses of BK1 and BK2 was the vulnerability of infantry which was partially corrected by the ability to dig in when under fire. Right now they're completely exposed and die like flies. Likewise, it looks like the ability to summon reinforcements is not yet present and it needs to be.I have fought the Arras mission six or seven times now and I always end up trying (and failing) to take the bridge with one damaged tank and 3 badly wounded infantry because I lost the others trying to take on five or six Char B1, one of the most heavily armoured tanks at the beginning of the war with a hull mounted 75mm gun.  In its present state, I would consider the Arras mission virtually unwinnable unless you have LOTS of luck on your side.  Also captured weapons-mortars, anti-tank weapons, et hoc genus omne used to be movable either by infantry or by vehicle and they should be again. I would also like to see a separate and distinct German and a distinct Allies campaign."
76561198096383471,Recommended,235380,26125182,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Skryaven,"The good, the bad, and the ugly....Good:Even though its early access (and therefore limited missions), great looking game. I like it, and can see huge potential.  A nice WW2 RTS, that builds on B1 and B2. Will cater to both vets of the original series and new players to the series.  Some innovative ideas, like having a base that can be live 24/7. I like having both single player campaigns and PVP. Very good tech support.Bad:A few  bugs (eg, can't save game), units doing funny things sometimes, server problems, lack of tutorials, initial single missions too hard (so will turn off new players). No encyclopedia or help functions. As B3 is still in development phase, changes to game interphase, AI, etc annoying - but to be expected with early access.Ugly:Too expensive for what you get at the moment (Oct 2016).  USD $15 - $20 would be about the right price for what you get because its sort of a third of what the full game will be, and still buggy.Official website for B3 very poor in terms of game information and details.In summary - the full release should be very good, but the early access version is a bit too expensive for now. A great WW2 RTS strategy game, big potential if Nival get it right.I recommend it (the game) - simply because I can see the potential once its fully functional, and early access (despite the price) gives a great feel for what the full release will be like in 2017."
76561198138451875,Recommended,235380,31849145,Posted: 19 May,all,✠Shepard2501,"OMG I love it so much, if you are a fan of WWII especially for games like COH2 and Men of War, then this one is a must!*This game is like hardcore COH2 and a mix with Men of War, with tons of vehicles and infantries availble to you to control.*You need to choose the best combination to beat the campaign and other players' bases.*A single mistake could obliterate your entire army. (so be extra careful)*Although the game is early access you can already play the whole campaign, which has a timeline system (split WWII into three phases, and you can gather new weapons like Tiger tanks from later era, but not in the early stage)*It is like building up your own troops from scraps, pretty awesome!"
76561197996155982,Recommended,235380,15780996,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Warrior,i cent play this game i pey 54 dolars way i cent play ?
,Not Recommended,235380,25899229,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,M3Tank,"Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs.Don't buy it because this game is full online system.Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs, Lag, Bugs."
76561198007231004,Recommended,235380,22922964,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zupz in da house,"Promising title.For now it is fun enough to keep you from being bored.There are numerous annoying bugs though, so these should be fixed in the near future.It shows potential."
76561198017167139,Recommended,235380,15791475,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Megumeru,"Many simply forgot that this is still a product of 'early access'.Blitzkrieg 1 and 2 are known for its massive battle and campaign with its rather strict unit availability for reinforcement purposes (most of the time forcing you to take hours after hours just to keep that special Tiger I alive). Battles are usually you vs. a hell load of defenses and tanks--often encountering pesky aircrafts.Now, sticking with single player only in this day and age is not possible now, would it?So nival decided to added an asynchronous multiplayer aspect of it. Blitzkrieg 1 and 2 has always been single player--Blitz3 is no different. You, your attack force, vs. loads of defenses and it's all up to you on how you would crack that defenses and stamp your boot-heel on your conquest.Except those defenses are now set by others. What could go wrong?"
76561198007261060,Not Recommended,235380,22426834,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Run away,"So far only played the Multiplayer game. It does not feel like the old Blitzkrieg games. It feels more like a clash of clans ipad game for the PC.Hopefully in the future there will be larger ""Multiplayer"" levels rather than base on base fights(Leave this for mobile devices)There is still something addictive about it but it is very, very repetitive. Same levels, same troops and hardly any strategy. Example. Move infantry forward, come across troops emplacement, artillery/bombers, then move again and again and again. Who know what happens when you max out the base?"
76561198038633666,Recommended,235380,22286350,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,highwaypilot1024,Would be great to be able to save game so if called away you are not forced to restart
76561198109229579,Not Recommended,235380,33804495,Posted: 26 July,all,davidjocelyn,First game that I ever purchased that wont play properly. I crashes all the time even on the lowest graphics settings.  The gameplay looks interesting but if they cant get the basics right what is the point.
76561198346899843,Recommended,235380,32454063,Posted: 15 June,all,FreeMan,"I think its a good game but there is a critical drawback's in it, the first one is you can not move the artillery  and any otherweapon like mortar heavy machine gun and anti-tank gun and rifles, the second one is the range of the artillery and anti-tank rifles are pathetic it's a complete joke, from this point I prefer the Blitzkrieg 2"
76561198045290877,Recommended,235380,32904578,Posted: 27 June,all,psychomike127,"really digging this game. but so far i found playing pve. theres no reasons to use more then 2 inf units.  just use all tanks and the the 2 inf units to capture things, and you will win map."
76561198130028157,Recommended,235380,33407815,Posted: 9 July,all,Berserker,very good game I enjoy it a lot. reminds me of sudden strike.
76561198300888832,Recommended,235380,22915387,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dr.Manhattan,Love this cant wait for more updates.
76561198028390449,Not Recommended,235380,20873725,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,NEETsekatze,wanna win in defense? just put infantry everywhere.wanna win in attacking? just spam tanks like its the cold warwanna loose? just do anything elseEdit: Its June 2017 and it's STILL a disgraceful pile of garbagegreat job you guys completly ruining a loved franchiseYou should be ashamed.
76561198342349277,Not Recommended,235380,32043213,Posted: 29 May,all,tomaplomb007227,"This game contains lots of bugs.  I run a modern gaming pc that should be able to run this game with ease, however, missions freeze up either during loading or playing, which is very frustrating after paying $30 for this game.  The game is pretty much unplayable for me; I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current state.The game itself looks very beautiful, if I could actually play it properly.."
,Not Recommended,235380,15839575,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Vander,"6/10Edited -Not what I expected or wanted looking back at the previous installments. This is basically the best WW2 flash game ever, but not what I want as a strategy game enthusiast.Having loved the previous games - this is just complete arcade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198028296503,Recommended,235380,15720289,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Swade,"an amazing new and improved version of the game but granted that its early access im assuming youd want my feedback for potential improvements, first and foremost id like the ability to zoom in farther and secondly id like them to fix the screen scrolling, its not very smooth and it does get stuck at times when trying to scroll using the mouse. other than that im quite happy with my purchase. game just needs a bit of polishing  in order to be perfect. oh and those of you comparing the game to a classical rts like coh2 this game is a rtt a real time tactics. two different things."
,Not Recommended,235380,32169844,Posted: 4 June,all,{F13}Storm,this game is not like blitzkrieg 1 or 2 at all and is instead basically a fancy clash of clans.
,Not Recommended,235380,15729509,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Benjin,"In its current state, I cannot recommend this game; the server issues currently make it unplayable. However, I will keep my eye on it and, if it improves, I may change my mind and give it a ""Yes"", as the idea of this game seems very intriguing (asynchronous multiplayer campaign) and the previous iterations of the series were good games.If you wish to take a chance and purchase this in its current state, be my guest, but I'd advise you to wait until the full release or for a sale, just incase you find it very disappointing or if you run into any technical problems (seeing how it's an early access game with, currently, an online-only focus, expect lots of them).http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/717540474960011123/5B320FBE08E87C311ED7921BD0D27248BB449B95/"
76561198008183542,Recommended,235380,32995405,Posted: 29 June,all,terkel,"It is still a little rough around the eagde, But fun to play I have played it on and off through the last months, it's fun and learning, When I get a hang of it, I know it will be fun"
76561198010353829,Recommended,235380,32823352,Posted: 26 June,all,w.turton,have seen better graphics but game plays  really well
76561198050158621,Not Recommended,235380,35434454,Posted: 2 October,all,яise,"i really want to like this game but theres just too much stupidity involving how the game works to ever recommend it...elements of the game- RTS-extreme micro managing (like wtf are you dumb, can you breath for yourself levels of micro)-WW2 skin, it is by no means historically accurate in any way shape or form. (45mm gun penetrates a tiger from the front ???)-arcade like mechanics, generous HP for vehicles. leads to the stupidy of larger caliber guns not out right killing small vehicles.so if your just looking for an RTS with a WW2 skin, this might be for you. the difference between this and say company of heroes, is that besides COH being much more accurate (although still arcady) COH doesnt have any carry over. in blitz, you units carry over from one match to the next and gain exp, which is a rather cool mechanic. although im pretty sure its just stolen from panzer general.things that really REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about this game...- comically bad AI spawns, they will literally come in off the map edge. if your pushing past the map edge or trying to sneak up the edge, well thats too bad because you get no warning, just gunshots.- boring tank battles...the accuracy can make these really long and drawn out. or shells will bounce or pen even though they shouldnt under any circumstances such as a tiger bouncing a t26...like are you serious?-horrible unit AI behavior...ive played some RTS games where you had to watch your guys because they do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ but OMFG these people are so dumb im suprise theres no hotkey for them to start breathing. they will stand in the open and get shot at by an unseen enemy, no retalitation, no alert, nothing. which brings me to my next point-poor communication...youre never told when something is happening you have to constantly monitor every unit because theres no notification of an attack. any notifications while playing germany or russia are in the native languages, so unless you speak either, then you have to read little pop ups.-research tree is unpolished and unfinished-cover system is poor, infantry cant actually use a brick wall for cover, makes 0 sense,...-lack of any historical accuracy. its ok to have fantasy elements, i would encourage those, but some of it looks like lazy work. and again back around to some things penetrating armor it wouldnt physically be able to."
76561198085560492,Recommended,235380,32807248,Posted: 26 June,all,CarbonLynx,"So far the game is way better than i expected, going into it with the mix of reviews, id have to say im really enjoying it. And suprisingly and very very welcoming was the fact that despite the new play style, it still feels familiar like im playing Blitzkrieg 2 (one of the greatest RTS games like ever) from my childhood"
76561198012874383,Recommended,235380,32789473,Posted: 25 June,all,mustafasibik,"new graphics, new ai, new imterface. fun to play and more options than before. highly recommend the game to strategy players around the globe..."
76561198007724985,Not Recommended,235380,25157989,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dgaskin154,A definate no for this game so far I feel. Whilst I know its only early release I am so disappointed that I actually paid any money for this junk. Games like Company of Heores run rings around it grahically and gameplay wise. Considering CoH was developed ten years ago this should not be sold anywhere in its present state. Its only saving grace apprears to be the support. I sent an email in with an issue and had a reply back within a few minutes fixing my issue.My advice is to avoid.....
76561198131789081,Recommended,235380,33751701,Posted: 23 July,all,sinavskis,"Very cool game, makes me sick, but crashes and hangs all the time, hope soon they will fix that."
,Recommended,235380,26565784,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jesse Spring,"Hello nostalgia! If you're a fan of Blitzkrieg 2 this is DEFINATELY a game you'll want to pickup! Or if you like WWII. Just as hard, and fun as I remember!"
76561198159234561,Recommended,235380,32475256,Posted: 16 June,all,Teachdrawde,pros:- good story- good graphicscons:- several times game stuck in loading screen- bad optimize
76561197972139794,Not Recommended,235380,25372339,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CUV556,"I don't know what this is anymore. I used to enjoy it before the last update, but anymore its such a cluster**** I literally don't even know how to play anymore. On top of that the last update destroyed performance. My 980 now chugs along around 20 fps.I really did enjoy the new mechanics of base defense, and felt that while it needed alot of work, it ultimately was fairly enjoyable to play, and could easily find players. This has turned into a circus, these constant game changing updates. Its like they don't even know what they want to make anymore.As far as what I can say that hasn't changed? Tank combat is fun, infantry combat absolutely sucks. At least compared to previous BK games. Gone are Binocs and varied squads, now all infantry are identical little minions with no individual will power or armament. Pretty much garrison them or blob the enemy. The base defense concept is sound, at least to me, I liked the defense system, though it was a bit simple. Didn't like the 3 day wait to switch between factions.The new UI is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. Ultimately, I'm giving up on this turd. I had hope, they dashed it, I settled into acceptance with what we had with BK3, now.....They'd be better off remastering an HD version of the original Blitz and calling that BK3. This as it stands now? Just stick to the original. I've been finding more and more mappacks and mod sites. At least until we can see what Sudden Strike 4 looks like. Hopefully they won't **** it up like these guys did."
76561198009795372,Recommended,235380,32273057,Posted: 8 June,all,U-NineForce,"My advice to everyone: buy this game when it has a sale of at least 33%.Why? Because right now there's still a few flaws, it's a game that tries to compete with CoH2, Steel division,... but kinda lacks a few features (decent cover system OUT of buildings and trenches, camouflage or sneaking) and that feels kind of rushed (the vs AI system doesn't have the ability to go with two or three YET (they are working on that)).Third flaw however is that everything is on a server, as it is an ""online RTS"". This means that there will be times you can't play as the server is updating/ under maintenance/...Positive however is the collection, the kind of historical balances, the leveling of units and commanders through missions and skirmishes (and the rewards commanders give) and drop rates for certain units (so if you fear a Sturmtiger/KV2/.... spam, quite a few of those 'derpy', dangerous units are extremely rare so make em even more valuable to whoever commands that unit and thus rare).Hopefully most of the flaws will get crossed out by the time it goes on a decent sale."
76561198052539930,Recommended,235380,32317464,Posted: 10 June,all,m.p.krepa,Good game!
,Not Recommended,235380,34652331,Posted: 31 August,all,JXCross,"Why is the stand-alone game forced into online games?Disconneted,mission failed.  Are you kidding me?My network is 100 MEGA Optical Fiber, So the game's server is trash.I really like Blitzkrieg 3 before. And now,time to say goodbye."
76561198008886460,Recommended,235380,26099181,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,GaulinV,"I have been playing Blitzkrieg since the first installment of the franchise and it is with great enthousiasm that I started playing on this third installment.Keeping in mind that it is stil an early access is the first thing to do. It is still full of bugs. I do not see it as a bad thing since it's part of the early acces principle, it's not the official game yet. If I still see soldier swiming in the sand when it's officially out, well, I'll change my mind.At first, there is the tutorial. I tought It would be all about France or Poland like in the others but it is a full lenght of 4 mission, which total about 3 hours! Although a bit annoying at some point, it allowed me to learn the game, even if I am a veteran of the genre. This game has actually a steep curve of learning. The missions are very hard, the ennemy AI is mostly proactive and efficient, which is great, at least in my opinion. I read so many review about the game being too hard... It's a strategy game! Hard is good! It means you have to think and plan carefully. there is in this game some great elements of the first and second blitzkrieg and many new things. I can't wait for the other campains. For now, Only one is out, the germans and it's far from being a complete one.Beware, it is not a CoH or a MoW.If you take all this in consideration before buying the game, you will, I am sure of it, appreciate the game.(edited for better syntaxe and correction of some grammar faults)"
,Recommended,235380,32167259,Posted: 3 June,all,[OMFL] Z,"It's an okay game, I personally like it for the variety of armor and other infantry units. Though then again I prefer singleplayer and this is based on that. One big problem I am having is that infantry seem useless other than as another pair of eyes for tanks as they themselves feel rather underpowered and pointless. ANother large problem is to the fact that there are typos such as, when saving the partisians ""Their footprints are to the weat"" and another typo during that mission as well. This is pushing to be a 50$ game, a lot of these typo's should have already been Ironed out. The Terrian does not seem to influence much or anything at all unless it is the more traditional cliff CnC style. Otherwise it is just alright, it will be a bit of a grind."
76561197982734933,Not Recommended,235380,29507869,Posted: 26 January,all,TheKillerCobra,"Being a sucker for WW2 strategy games and a old fan of the previous Blitzkrieg games I had to give this a try.I can see potential in this game but they need to do plenty of work in doing it to the Blitzkrieg we fans know and love.It is sad to see resupply removed and static heavy weapons such as artillery, something that was vital for the survivability of your more important assets in the older games was to relocate them.It is early access and I hope they will implement these functions at a later stage.I am also sad to see the reinforcement counter have been removed, instead you get points by taking objectives to call in reinforcements with.I especially liked BK2's as it forced you to go through missions with the minimal ammount of reinforcement called in so you had the most at the end mission, making you plan and strategize even on a front scale.There are a few bugs haunting this game too, the one that affects my gameplay the most is the one where infantry jumps out of trenches (they have been told to hold positon) and get slaughtered immediately.The constant online feature is a worrying addition to this game, and the constant global chat window is a nuisance and pops up as soon you press space (not to mention it is in the way at times even minimized).What I like is that infantry have a bigger role in this game, acting as scouts as your tanks have a very limited view range and add somewhat of a challenge. Sadly once I figured out that making small move orders at a time I can snipe out enemies without them even doing a thing took away that challenge.In all I can't recommend this game as for now, there are sadly better games out there if this is what we will get not to mention the older Blitzkrieg games which thankfully are available on steam too.Any newcomer to this genre, stick to the older series. You won't get disapointed."
76561198008012385,Not Recommended,235380,29383177,Posted: 20 January,all,oldpooper,"Oh how happy I was at the news a part three was in the offing....and how crap the game is now I have it...if it not crashing its hanging..its far to fiddly and please turn off the ""chat ' this game needs finishing first and an off line option added (for us poor guys with crappy internet)"
76561198014592866,Not Recommended,235380,29405930,Posted: 21 January,all,briangroves2554,i purchased this game 20/01/2017 as i like this type of game it starts after 3/4 mins frezzes and stops working very disapointed waste of money
76561198305034434,Recommended,235380,30547395,Posted: 16 March,all,stoqngogov,This game is more good then Company of Heroes 2. Blitzkrieg 3 balance perfectly between single player camping and multplayer. I recommend this game to all people interested in WW2 and to all who love Hardcore RTS
76561198048976141,Recommended,235380,30246909,Posted: 28 February,all,BilboBaggieBalls,"I've played about 10 hours worth of single player and I think, overall it's very good.It certainly brings back memories of 1 an 2.My favorite feature is still the ""Pause"" button which allows you to multi-task... unlike other RTS games.I say ""Nice Job"" Nival !  ... and it's still ""Early Access""..."
,Not Recommended,235380,32505820,Posted: 17 June,all,Case_C,"The game is fun when you get it to run.Which is the problem, the authentication seems to be bugged... so most of the time you won't be able to get past the loading screen.DRM killed this game.[quote}We are willing to help you launch the game and enjoy it.Please tell us more about the authorization problem. What does the error message show?[/quote]The game boots, but the authentication / loginscreenshows at random. The problem has shown less after the latest patch, but is still present. Which I believe is due to the always online nature of the game. Not being able to play when you don't have a connection in a single player match is not great. Even more when you consider longevity, which now depends fully on the servers being live.As soon as the servers go down, it's game over. A offline mode without the online functionality would fix this problem."
,Not Recommended,235380,31909141,Posted: 22 May,all,Lord_Domin8r,"I would not recommend this to any true RTS player, the tanks are way to fast and are very ""arcadie"".Stay away until a major improvement is seen in the core gameplay."
76561197988849453,Recommended,235380,15753272,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Snake ♫™,Everything working.... very good realtime turnbased strategy game!
76561198030870318,Not Recommended,235380,34480080,Posted: 25 August,all,deadtoadsoup,"Unless you want to play a WWII version of ""Red Alert,"" with better graphics, this game is NOT recommended.  ""World in Confilct"" is my litmus test."
76561198048591723,Recommended,235380,15835305,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MDancer,"Унылое ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ище. Они еще зоаут себя-лучшими создателями стратегических игр о Второй Мировой. Небывалый реализм? Да он на уровне ""Ну Погоди"", который ловит яйца. Вы ребят вообще припухли. Это творение ужасно, не говорю даже о предыдущих частях."
,Recommended,235380,15854107,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,I want to die,*starts uptading comes a hour later back and got almost all steam cards of the game*10/10
76561198104035998,Recommended,235380,15876134,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,KK Slider,Give it a try.  Not as near demanding as coh2.
76561198036280853,Not Recommended,235380,22645043,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,l-vanputten87,"Liked the game, graphics dynamyc stuff. Great.But, games becomes impossible to win on a later stage.1 sherman kills 2 tiger tanks? Crap.Hummel cant hit♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198063299570,Recommended,235380,15923739,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Snegurochka_,"This game is CERTAINLY a work in progress, i have never had any previous experience with the Blitzkrieg games, but this game has been a great game as far as i can tell, i like the whole ""clash of clan"" like multiplayer with building your own base and destroying others bases, and the graphics do look quite beautiful... i do have some VERY serious gripes about this game however, one of which being that the armor/penetration mechanics dont seem to have been put in yet considering my Hetzer, which apparently has 284mm of frontal armor and 284 pen on its gun, is killed with relative ease by tanks such as BT-7s and M3 stuarts.... also any damage is taken off the health bar, no matter how miniscule, if a Ba-64 shoots at a Pz2 Luchs, it will cause damage... the tanks anti-infantry capabilities are also very poor for what they are, for example the Pz38t is hardly able to kill a squad of riflemen effectively by themselves. While these things are game breaking and annoying, making tanks almost useless against anything except buildings and buldings with infantry, this games does show immense potential and i feel as if my money was well spent. if this quote that i said during playing this game helps,""this is the first time i have had fun playing a unfinished game i have payed for"" i hope you join in and support this game. Thanks for reading :) hope this helped"
,Not Recommended,235380,15783660,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Top Secret,Is this CoH(Company of Heroes) or Blitzkrieg? get back to real Blitzkrieg !!!
,Recommended,235380,18230476,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,FriedIchy,"Game is very cool, it's fun and i like the way it has progressed, although i liked it more when it began, it has grown up in potential and things to do"
,Recommended,235380,30668962,Posted: 22 March,all,Max,"I'm having a lot of fun. I would like a more challenging AI, but it's in pre-release, so don't give it too much flak."
,Recommended,235380,23819989,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cule,"I bought this game on discount because I spent many many hours on B2 and loved the saga overall. I wanted to try this new version which promissed and delivers great graphicsI cannot really say this is a successor to B2 like B2 was to B1. I miss the amazing music, the unit descriptions showing armour/penetration/damage, the healthbars are OK but it's not my personal taste. B3 is a good game and it is fun, but I wouldn't have bought it without that Blitzkrieg name that conveys experience from the past and it must be understood I am reviewing this both in EA and in a B2 mindset.My focal points for improvement would be to reduce the size of the incredibly obtrusive interface (I don't like when an interface eats 40% of the lower screen) and please allow the camera to rotate like in B2 (or in my short gameplay time I didn't find how to do this). The unit descriptor especially for tanks, with armour thicknesses and gun damage/penetration is also a must for my personal appeal. Finally, offmap support is a little bit accurate for my liking as well.I'm sure the game will improve especially so since I am sure many people, like me, are buying it thinking of the B2 follow-up, and hence there will resources and time during and after EA to do so. I'll be standing by to change this review where appropiate.Edit: June '17Many improvements have tilted my thoughts about the game in the possitive direction. It can be clearly seen why Devs like to use EA and I think there has been very good developments in the right direction. And Thx for the dev response to the review. This is what customers like.I have not played this game too much due to my very busy schedule, so if you are one of those customers that are looking into the review section of the game to decide to buy it or not, my review is not going to be very helpful due to the little time invested (for now) and the fact that like I mentioned earlier it goes down to feelings of old Blitzkrieg games rather than anything else too objective."
76561198273411081,Not Recommended,235380,32274456,Posted: 8 June,all,Copycat80,"1st of allThe game devs have been very nice-and the game has been somewhat fun;BUT I cannot recomend this game at the priceDevelopment has proceded on some aspects of the game and halted on others- it almost seem as if the developmet team got a ""not one MORE PENNY' letter from the game's financial deptthe game plays like an Ealy access game, not a full release. Placeholders are everywhere and the historical accuracy is somewhat questionable.Internet connection is required (a real pain for an rts) and the community is dying. The developers put too much emphasis on multiplayer in the beginning and now that they realise that their playerbase is mostly singleplayer they are panicking for players (hence the demo).If the developers are willing to take a few months and acutally finish the game, I may change my review .But for now please avoid as the game cannot live up to the developer's prevoius titles"
76561198239982270,Recommended,235380,33220505,Posted: 4 July,all,Name,"Compare to Blitzkrieg I and Men Of War... the game is less realistic. I think many veteran players of the franchise will feel disappointed. But I think it's fair since the userbase of hard core RTT (Real Time Tactic) is much less than  normal RTS players. So  guys, please don't too harsh with the devs. If you really want  something like the old series; try Syrian warfare.If you liked COH, WiC ;definitely need to try this game. Same manner but (somewhat) better realism: weather (affect visions), tanks side armor for flanking...To the devs: Honestly, as a old Bk I player, I tried the game for an hour and it didn't convince me to buy the game. This should be arcade mode for normal guys and realistic mode for the ""old guys"". I felt bad for the refund , so I purchased some of your old games, hope it can turn into vodka to cheer you up :) Hope Nival will born another great games soon :)"
76561198006626101,Not Recommended,235380,29434632,Posted: 22 January,all,(╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻,"Got it 2 years ago, gave it a bad review bad then, now the game still a mess, infantry still next to useless, they can't beat anything, and die super fast EVEN INSDIE COVER LIKE TRENCHES AND BUILDING tanks are all you need. artillery are op, why even bother make infantry buildable when they are garbage and useless? Mutiliplayer still feature clash of clan mobile game. WHY!??  you might as well make this a mobile game instead. No skirmish vs Bot (YET)....."
76561198027036183,Recommended,235380,32160821,Posted: 3 June,all,neonliberty88,Great game! Really a game for for the tatics mindful.Pros: have to strategy and unit comprehension to win. Have to mind full of the layout of the land to used units and abilities.Cons: if Used to senting all your units hopeing to win you be in for a suprise. something the mission look impossible.
76561198031892871,Recommended,235380,19322234,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Labowski1,"////NEW REVIEW////Went on to Youtube and watched some playthroughs/tutorials on this game.  Initially I was very frustrated (see below), but, after watching the walkthroughs, I have a better understanding/respect as to how this game is played and, indeed, how clever it is.  I've began playing it again and am enjoying it very much.  That said, I would like to see more opportunities/means to acquire resources and incentive for playing rather than waiting.  The current means is by waiting, challenging other players or the AI, or, defending your base.  However the rewards through playing, initially, were around 7K for supplies and gas but, taper off to around 2K.  Overall though, this game is growing on me more and more.////OLD REVIEW////You'll play this game initially and think wow, awesome, and amazing.  However, as you try to build up your base, forces, and get your feet wet, you'll have a higher level player stomp you....  I'm not sure if some of the other players experienced this, but, I found during one base defense mission, that I threw my entire range of forces at one tank and it took little to no damage and all my infantry and tanks died quickly.  The emplacements offered nothing in terms of resistance as well, dying in one to two hits.  Must have been Rambo manning the tank....  Point being, attackers took little to no damage and were at 100% force strength when he took out my base.Good idea/concept.  Once the developers work out the hacks, bugs, and players who cheat, it will be a good game.  For now, though, this game still is a ways off from being anywhere near balanced or playable.  Feel free to hit me up with any questions.  Cheers"
,Recommended,235380,32906874,Posted: 27 June,all,Xeus 2.0,"After wasting 1500 hrs in COH 2 I found something real. This is a genuine RTS. those who want to really command unique units and feel like powers in the battlefield should try this game atleast. It is a blend of Field of Thunder and MOW,"
76561197988611716,Not Recommended,235380,33699155,Posted: 21 July,all,Sporaticus,"Will not authenticate on line after repeated attempts, so cant play it all, essentially robbed I didn't think steam would sell a game like that but I stand corrected"
76561197992355242,Recommended,235380,33663036,Posted: 19 July,all,Diddy3,"Great game, I havent encountered any problems myself. I just dont like the maintenance"
02020202020202333,Not Recommended,235380,33202166,Posted: 3 July,all,Stokkelol,"look at the game in alpha.looks nice, you build a base, attack and have skirmish.buy the game and realise they removed features.why can't i attack friends bases?why did they remove bases?instead of removing features, it would be nice if they added features."
76561198180188471,Recommended,235380,31031513,Posted: 8 April,all,SSCmanhunter,"This is a amazing game but here are a few bugs and my game as crashed a few times. Work on save and loads because, sometimes the game freezes. Once again 10/10."
76561198059685428,Recommended,235380,31289381,Posted: 21 April,all,screamingeagle101,"I have played Blitzkrieg when it was just a PC game, and would like to still see it as that, as well as this.  But, this is really good.  I like the strategy of Blitzkrieg, so this really fills that spot that I had been missing for a while now.  It is enjoyable, and will get better as they keep working on it."
76561197998675837,Recommended,235380,32279986,Posted: 8 June,all,Noname,good stuff
76561198003996728,Not Recommended,235380,31545625,Posted: 4 May,all,wanted31,campaign due to required server connection.    disconnect disconnect disconnect ...  please make it off the line ...
,Recommended,235380,33789642,Posted: 25 July,all,Trigger,"I really enjoy the game.There are a few gamebreaking issues though that immediately need fixing.IMMEDIATE FIXES REQUIRED:1.Aunthentication to server bug.Keeps you on the loading screen forever.I haven't seen this bug since the free weekend though. Could already be fixed.2.The Not Authorized bug (reconnect or exit game). You're at the end of a mission and your game freezes for a moment and this pops up and you have to do the mission all over again unless you were smart enough to save in the middle.3.The game freeze/crash bug. You're in the middle of a mission and your game suddenly freezes. You can't do anything. 5 minutes later a window comes up with: B3.exe is not responding: Wait to respond or exit game. You choose exit game because the game never responds again, then same as #2.THINGS THAT SHOULD BE LOOKED AT AFTER THE TOP ONES:1. Always online. Having to always be online for singleplayer really is a let-down. Multiplayer and achievements should be the only things that requires being online. So people should still be able to play singleplayer during maintenance for example or if they haven't payed their internet bill. Game load should also be shorter then because you're not going online.2. A single save file. Another let-down. If you do one mission halfway, save and then start another mission and try to save again you're screwed on the first mission. It's not critical just not awesome either.3. Upgrades start repeating themselves after a certain point. At least change the names to something more interesting.Getting the same upgrade over and over again even when they stack really isn't interesting at all.Once all of this is fixed the game will start selling a lot more (without people refunding). I bought the game because I expect these changes to be made within a reasonable amount of time. Then finally You guys should focus on the camera angles, map details, more exciting and interesting missions and other small improvements that can be made which are mentioned in other reviews. You know, polish things up. Balance units out more."
76561197967758340,Recommended,235380,35252389,Posted: 27 September,all,blaisewarp,"Buggy. Game crashes every hour or so. Software engineering has gone far beyond such poor development practices, i.e., the PAYING customer is in fact NOT the beta tester. For instance, when the game crashes, the crash notice politely suggests that we send the crash report to the developer. As a customer, that's not our job. It’s the developer's job to fully crash test the build BEFORE they release. Poor corporate practice driven by a need to generate revenue at the customer's expense?Otherwise, an entertaining game with pretty good graphics.  I recommend this game only with the hope that future products will be more customer-focused.OH, and the tank icons are crap art. Just a collection of a bad jokes of historical accuracy. The game tank sprites are a mixed bag of fairly well-done representations and some epic failures of portraying the actual historic tank.Example: the German PZ VI Tiger I tank, one of the most iconic tanks of all time, which the developers have deemed to sell the game on the BLZKRG 3 cover art itself; and they TOTALLY FAILED to portray this legendary tank realistically in the game itself!?  The Tiger I in the game (and the reinforcement icon) is a funny, crappy, JOKE, of a what a Tiger I should actually look like! WTF?! It’s like they made a few tank models and then just modified those (expeditiously) to fill in as, slightly modified, versions of all the other tanks. I mean, they KNOW what a Tiger I looks like, b/c its on the COVER ART itself, but they didn't have the proper direction in the art department to realize that portraying ACTUAL tanks might be a good thing, instead of just some slap-together-fantasy-low-budget-and-our-low-brow-dumb-bumm-customers-are-too-stupid-to-notice mentality?!Well, guess what? We noticed. In fact, some of us customers are actually interested in history. In fact, some of us have read a book or two on history and that is why WE BOTHERED TO BUY A ""HISTORICAL"" GAME IN THE FIRST PLACE! Cool if you want to make fantasy. Sell fantasy. There is a market.  And…if you want to sell a ""historical"" game, at least, ffs, make the units, at least a tiny bit accurate, and not looking like a version of an AVF that my 6 yr old could do. Show that you care. You care about our money, don't you?"
,Recommended,235380,30396437,Posted: 8 March,all,mycale,"I'm not sure why the reception is so mixed trending towards negative.I for one like the card like unlock system, the leveling system and such, simply because I like unlocking stuff. Trying mission with different unit composition via unlocked units has its allure.I'm not interested in multiplayer, so an offline mode would be welcome.But you can play single player and what I played so far is fun."
76561198027295304,Recommended,235380,33337609,Posted: 7 July,all,rexhsliang,"A very good game for both relaxing and excitment, and gets better every update."
76561198035248147,Recommended,235380,31042528,Posted: 9 April,all,curtyuiop,"Why do I love this game?Great graphics, everything is well detailed, you can zoom in to get close to the action.Now this is just like when you were a kid with your toy soldiers, tanks and jeeps etc., but X100!If you don't take the road when you move your troops to your desired point, they crash through fences, mow down trees, the damage is very detailed!The battlefield's are about 1kmX1km, and you can pan around the landscape to plan your attack, but it will not show you where all the enemies are.In the beginning (where I still am), the first level was fairly challenging, and I battled towards the goal as a crow flies. Yay, I won, but my battle report was poor and lower rewards etc.Try the first round again to kill ALL enemies was a completely different story,  It just gets harder and harder the more you try to fully complete a round.There are several seperate battles on the map.  Inbetween some of these battles, you receive exp. points that you can spend immediately on reserve troops and tanks etc. and bring them into the battle. How cool is that?There is a 'watch replay' button, but I haven't used it yet. Sweet!Very intricate, detailed, in-depth, the sound is great, damage is great and stays that way.Would you like to hunker in a bunker? Your soldiers can build a trench anywhere you like, and you can also build up defences around tanks in areas you want to defend.Game is FUN to play!Update after 50 hrs: Before going into battle, there is so much military to choose from.In battle you use your selected units for certain situations, don't send your machine gunners to a gun turret!From the detailed characteristics of soldiers, to the dust on the road...Incredible game, just incredible.Super replayable, even if I'm victorious I may replay the same battle and try it completely different.I hate to cut this so short, but I would like to play this game now. Cheers!"
76561198320397347,Not Recommended,235380,25111899,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,bvandop,Not impressed
,Not Recommended,235380,25160255,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,KrushKillNDestroy,"The latest update messed up the game.All my upgraded units, buildings, commanders they are all gone now.1/10."
76561197970997549,Recommended,235380,30064830,Posted: 20 February,all,=DegC=^PANZER^7RAVEN[NL],"I had such a blast in this ww2 game, rivaling to the fun i had playing Sudden strike 2 and company of heroes. And the game is not even finished yet! Cant wait for the rest, money well spent for anyone that enjoys ww2 strategy games !"
76561198002796138,Not Recommended,235380,24725476,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Paul-Kate-Smith89,"Play it and you will understand how bad this piece of crap is.Oh yea,this is below Alpha!"
76561197962074003,Recommended,235380,32166417,Posted: 3 June,all,Fadden,"I played during the early access period as I was an early adopter and it was rocky at times, the PvP wasn't the best and the single player missions were a bit lacking in imagination ( been there done that feeling ) but since they went full release I decided to re-install and I'm pleasantly surprised, everything seems to have been turned on it's head and they did a really nice job! I'm having fun, the variety of units is fun, the fact that units are like loot drops actually makes me want to replay missions. Good job devs!"
76561198259788324,Recommended,235380,28363055,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LoLiCOn,"very addictive ,great graphics,but little bit glitchyGREAT GAME"
76561198007312425,Not Recommended,235380,24391904,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,athornton78,"What an absolute pile of garbage, I've seen smart phone app's that are FAR better than this"
76561198107377893,Not Recommended,235380,24731388,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mark_The_Wise,Complete let down from the originals.
76561198046190215,Not Recommended,235380,29066672,Posted: 6 January,all,Ashmole,"Needs more work.I was a big fan of Blitzkrieg 2 when it came out in the mid 2000's. So far, this game was a bit of a dissapointment for me.Issues- Not enough people playing online. I waited a very long time during multiple timeslots throughout the day adn wasn't able to get a match. I think the matchmaking system is based on your single player progress since I wasn't able to access the ""tier 3"" technology and wasn't able to match with people who had that tier unlocked.- Singleplayer is incredibly difficult. The singleplayer relies on you using your own units. This is problematic since you don't start out with many types of units and there is a cap on what you can use. There's no chance for reinforcements unless you have additional units in your queue. This made the first levels very difficult to play.- The interface needs some work. I discovered the multiplayer button (titled ""Frontline"") on the main map by accident. It didn't give any indication of what this button did until I clicked on it. The units in the game pop up icons when something happens to them but there is no way to decipher these icons.- Blitzkrieg 2 had a nice unit stats window that would appear on the main UI when you clicked the unit. This showed the gun's penetration capabilities, the armor, the HP, and how much damage the gun can do. This one just tells you the armor on the vehicle: it's less intuitive than B2's.- Performance is subpar considering the graphics quality and the fact that this is a RTS. I encountered lag quite frequently during the singleplayer despite having a GTX 970 and an I5.I think the ""clash of clans"" style base assault multiplayer has potential. I will be checking this game out in a future release, but right now I'm not ready for it."
76561197992725806,Not Recommended,235380,33366761,Posted: 8 July,all,Joruto,"Mediocre game, vehicles can't be repaired, infantry dies absurdly fast, viewrange is joke. Graphics are pretty weak and with a 6gb gtx 1060 I had huge framerate drops. You can't choose difficulty and either you're figthing an overwhelming force or you're part of a huge force and even if you don't do much you win. Can't recommend it.Update: The russian campaign is much easier than the German one, infantry is much stronger I got to control a KV2 in the early war stage. For the germans I had panzer 2-s.After 2 updates and two days not being able to play the campaign!, because server updates I'm can't launch the game because there is a free weekend and authentication doesn't work."
76561198028392027,Not Recommended,235380,29706746,Posted: 4 February,all,Robzilla,"Not a great game. Combat feels unrealistic. Soldiers that can kill tanks in seconds with grenades ectYou need to ern the units you use in game (even in multiplayer). When playing the game your units are just as powerfull as the enemys (which i like), but it you get about 1/6 the enemy force to defeat them with. It feels silly/unrealistic.Many of the great features of past games have been removed. Engineers, towable artillery, resupply trucks.It doesnt play like a blitzkreig game. it feels like they tried to be more like company of heroes and a moblie game mixed together. its really BIZZARE. At this point in development i don't see the game making a comeback, and from what i've seen the devs have no intention of making drastic changes (which are needed)."
76561198130945059,Recommended,235380,32132676,Posted: 2 June,all,Bibit Tampan,"Good game, nice graphics, great gameplay.But the internet requirement is sucks."
76561198007292828,Recommended,235380,15813002,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Blue Dragon,"Wow the next Blitzkrieg!!!! I just got the game click play game crashes reload loads fine. Click battle game crashes reload get to play a battle looks super sweet. Click online battle game crashes reload loads fine first online battle game crashes. click crash click crash click crash is about all I am getting right now , BUT when they get this game fix I see myself spending hours and hours on it. They give you your on base to upgrade and fight online vs other people and to attack other people bases. I just cant wait until its ready. It was worth the $30 but I do hate waiting. Remember this is an early access so not a done game"
76561198136580704,Not Recommended,235380,29515881,Posted: 26 January,all,Absolutely_NotASpy,"The game is awful, first german mission the ui crashed multiple times, my units wouldnt move, or there was a delay. all the while the game runs poorly. i dont care if its in early access. its been long enough. DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,235380,23897327,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Thjan,Sadly this game isn't close to the feel of the old entries in the Sudden Strike or Blitzkrieg series. It's way more arcadey and learning that heavy tanks and assault infantry do less damage than normal tanks or normal infantry because they have a bigger health pool killed it for me.
,Recommended,235380,17468554,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Marumaru,i like it
76561198047312805,Recommended,235380,22736777,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,STH  sniper,"First of all, i really like this game. It's different from any other major RTS game on the market.(less E-Sports type competition I guess)It makes me want to keep playing.You don't have to worry about those annoying building order. you just have to think about you combination of force.Just get the unit you want and get out there and smash your foe haha.But still, a little bit of micro management is required.Graphics are not bad but the unit object in game are TOO SMALL that they make my eyes pain A LOT!!!!I can only play this game for at most 30 minutes and have to rest my eyes.Zoom-in is not working too much. You need to fix it Nival.I don't want to be blind for playing too much of this game.Above all, I will still recommend this game for all RTS lover.P.S I am not a native speaker so excuse my poor english.PP.S The german voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hire smoeone else."
76561197981716582,Recommended,235380,22684910,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,LavaJava,Get your General Patton on here.  What everyone is looking for is a hybrid of the new combat mission series (force(ww2 version)) and company of heros.
,Recommended,235380,30392094,Posted: 8 March,all,castlejeta,I  have had this game for a good bit now and I enjoy playing it very much. They have added so many things over the last year that has enhanced the game play. If you are looking for a game that will surprise you than this is it. Keep in mind its early access so it can only get better asthey go.
76561198068244672,Recommended,235380,30322989,Posted: 4 March,all,AtomicEcho,"The game has great graphics, runs smoothly, has very well put together missions, and a really nice unit unlock system. However a few features can probably still use some work... can't wait to see the final version of the game!"
76561198026756024,Recommended,235380,29449701,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr Kimber,"I have really enjoyed this game thus far, yes there has been a few bugs but its EARLY ACCESS guys! People moaning and the full game has not even launched?I am new to the series so cannot comment on BK 1 & 2, i think it looks great, and have found the missions so far quite fun but pretty hard till i got to grips with it.Looking forward to the full launch."
76561198148158303,Recommended,235380,30365159,Posted: 6 March,all,militaryluver,Enjoy playing it its a blast! The game is a little choppy and buggy at the moment.
76561198030461971,Not Recommended,235380,33270010,Posted: 5 July,all,RedKing,"It is a quite weak game with unclear co-op menu interface. We spent few hours with my friend and did not get how to play together versus AI. The ""squad"" feature always is glitching and seems to be completly useless. If combined with ""weak"" graphics and optimsation issues (fps glitches) the game looks and feels disappointing."
76561198007902778,Recommended,235380,33246611,Posted: 4 July,all,Ari56,Very good game. Little glitchy but good. Impressed with the work they did with this series.
76561198009988712,Not Recommended,235380,25339537,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SildSnake R18,after 5 games i got 2 disconnection at the end of long game..... i can deal with the bad path finding i can deal with hard missions to the point where you feel like running head first into a wall. wait till it fix then maybe..
76561198017603054,Recommended,235380,32419924,Posted: 14 June,all,don.see,love it
76561198072030526,Recommended,235380,33002128,Posted: 29 June,all,Shaker Baker,8/10 best bits of Bk1+2 merged. Some bugs but pretty dece
76561198148296869,Recommended,235380,33649309,Posted: 19 July,all,HandOnTheGat,"Really good game. Hard, But very rewarding. If your not into RTS games then this is not for you. But for anyone with even the slightest bit of interest in WWII or strategy games, this is your bread and butter. I love bread and butter!"
,Recommended,235380,33608002,Posted: 17 July,all,rkrachen,Good game overall.  Similar enough to the original that I get nostalgic playing it and the upgrades are just that: upgrades.  They enhance the game without getting in the way.  I don't like that you can't see or name your saves.  I also don't understand the base yet.
76561198251502336,Recommended,235380,32547274,Posted: 18 June,all,jaythong28,still is a good game
76561198006615479,Recommended,235380,32279126,Posted: 8 June,all,spaynter,"I like it,wasn't sure when I first started playing the 3 missions that was available  before the game was finished.Graphics are good and it's not just a matter of churning out unit after unit like the overated war game series."
76561198059200362,Recommended,235380,33748790,Posted: 23 July,all,evan.smith89,"Fantastic game, Realistic WWII strategy game that will not leave you disapointed. It can be very challenging, but do not let that discourage you."
76561198298419305,Recommended,235380,32272241,Posted: 8 June,all,feuer,cool game my favorite
76561198000501127,Not Recommended,235380,33773354,Posted: 24 July,all,mwolvo,"Waited a long time to play this game as im such a massive geek for this genre, brought it in a sale as its on my wish list......... Wish to god id not bothered as its awful.Bad camera angles and not enough controll with camera, simple un-strategic missions with dreadfull maps, just not enough detail to the game to make it even mildly interesting, doesnt even look that good in fact looks datedIn my honest opinion save your money and buy "" men of war "" instead  which is a far superior game in every way, looks better, plays better, more depth and detail . Its a no brainer really"
76561198287604323,Not Recommended,235380,32960246,Posted: 28 June,all,bluesgueser,"well as you can see i have 30 hrs in this game,seems very promissing till the point were you have to take control of a airfield.i doesnt look so bad, till i realized i have to take out 5 watch towers to take control of this airfield once i gained control i had to repel a counter atack.once the ai took control of 1 of this 5 watch towers i lost the match.not saying took almost 1 and 1,2 hours to arrived the point i was.i feel very sorrry but the ai doesnt seem very balaved and  the game crashed a couple of crucial times"
76561198191377801,Not Recommended,235380,25849108,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ash,did you see the game sudden strike 4 ? thats the kind of RTS game we remember childhood.so if you want to change this game back to the COC much better i think
76561198107663420,Not Recommended,235380,24922982,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,coreygillard20,Paid for it and it doesn't even want to work. Waste of 30 bucks
76561198059111714,Not Recommended,235380,22903159,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Foreignsoul,"I loved Blitzkrieg 2, however this one is terrible. I wasted $60 on a promised-to-be-good game that turned out to be a nightmare.  The combat is pitiful, the ""base"" management is even worse. Every battle is the same no matter what you do.  There is no strategy involved either, if you bring a full set of tanks you will win even if the enemy has alot of AT guns, they wont stop armor, however if you bring infantry you will lose no matter what you do, they are so useless its pitiful.  Do not buy this game unless you can overlook a 95% fail"
76561197984408936,Not Recommended,235380,22979622,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Aborted Hero,The misson objectives are vague and slow to update and the unit control is extremely sluggish. There needs to be some squad control implemented for cover as well as formation options.
76561198007871342,Not Recommended,235380,32619985,Posted: 21 June,all,Jack,"If you are a fan of the original, this one isn't for you. The game moved away from realism, large maps and the supply and repair trucks, and is aimed at shorter online tactical games, instead of the long strategic games the original offered. As old as Company of Heroes is, even it does a better job what Blitzkrieg 3 tried to go for. The game seems rushed to finish as there are still some bugs. I played the singleplayer campaign while doing a download, and found it difficult to play due to lag. I can understand that lag could be an issue during online multiplayer games, but single player campaign? I'm looking forward to Sudden Strike 4. Hopefully it will offer a more realistic WWII strategy experience like the orginal Blitkrieg delivered."
76561198093909893,Recommended,235380,26422298,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A Wild Mononoke,"Very good game, i have tons of fun playing it."
,Recommended,235380,30829847,Posted: 30 March,all,MiYU MaYU,"it was good game i like itpositive+ more unit and more hidden unit to collect like acade game+ a lot of camping mission+ authentic unit form WWII+ main mission very challange and feel like real battlefilednagative- inf in bulding very very deadly dangerous for out door inf- heavy tanks really useless for inf feel like heavy fear inf- still have a lot of bugs ex game cash , hp bar when inf in bulding- AI very stupid when in camping stack unit waiting for air stike or bombard- lack of player"
76561198014614629,Recommended,235380,34640745,Posted: 31 August,all,Monties_war,"first off I was extremely impressed that there was a demo of this to start with... then to find out it was a HUGE demo...having played through the demo and really enjoyed the game, I thought i had to jump in with the full game and I'm loving it so far.Obviously this is a game for the strategy gamers amongst us, if you played (and enjoyed) any of the sudden strike games you'll probably love this."
,Recommended,235380,34414582,Posted: 22 August,all,Blue Lizard,"I find this a ton of fun. There is absolutely strategy involved, it's just abstract if all you know is CoH. Apparently the game requires online connection all the time, which I can't confirm, but I read that is the case.Caveat= This game may make you break something. There are crashes every once in awhile, but when you've been clearing a city for 3 hours on a big mission and the game crashes, it's exceptionally infuriating! I think a mission I completed got it's progress rolled back also, and other people talk about similar problems.I recommend the game, particularly on sale, because if/when it is working, it's really satisfying. The devs appear to be trying to patch the game up in earnest.It's a risky purchase currently, August 2017."
76561197983437015,Recommended,235380,34700177,Posted: 2 September,all,Vonboo,so far i really like the game ... I would like for units to achieve veterancy points for their kills ... nothing like a Ace tanker ..I am a very big fan of Men of War series ..one more thing ... i enjoy long campaigns .. thanks great job ... keep up the good work
76561198207840483,Recommended,235380,34868780,Posted: 10 September,all,Black_Assassin,"I really enjoy this game and, as a non stratergy player, I think it is a good way to get into RTS games"
76561198041272739,Not Recommended,235380,35096726,Posted: 20 September,all,cptchaosII,Love B1 and B2 but B3 game is very glitchie
,Recommended,235380,35107499,Posted: 21 September,all,Werewolf,"This game is great!!In fact this is the best RTS ww2 game since Company of heroes 1(nr 2 sucked and had no soul)The graphics is ok, but the feeling of all units and the gameplay is excellent.There are primary objectives on all missions, some have also 1-4 secondary objectives with different difficulties.Completing an hard secondary objective, gives you rewards as ""hero units"" or rare units.Completing missions also gives research points, with them you buy upgrades for all units (faster reload on Tiger, more health for sniper etc).All missions can be played again, for maybe trying to complete some extra mission or simply farm RP.In all a great game, and unlocking the entire tech tree, will take a long time. :-)"
76561198034372759,Recommended,235380,35185738,Posted: 24 September,all,atamanas2003,very good game ! had it for a while now.
76561198075410766,Recommended,235380,35168937,Posted: 23 September,all,Torgrimmer,"This game is a blast. Not as good as Blitzkrieg 2, but the intro of the Pvp into the game and the new AI system for the skrims   has made this game one of the best WW2 games this yr. If your unsure of the game, i would suggest doing the Demo, with the Demo, you get the first 30 missions in the PVE and access to the skrims. You can play either the US, Nazis, or Russians. Hope this helps"
76561198064167259,Not Recommended,235380,35317966,Posted: 29 September,all,ducatinat,Wait...... why are there no British Forces? Did us Yanks win WW2 on our own? The Brits gallantly held the Nazis off for 3 years before we joined! The Brits had some awesome armour and troops and the knobs who brought us Blitzkrieg 3 have failed. Again! The game writers have messed up this version. I will not play it anymore.
76561198123291546,Recommended,235380,28159713,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bob vader,I m gonna have to wait for blitzkrieg 4 because blitzkrieg 3 dosent work on my pc i dont now why because i doesnt go to the  main menu and instead is just a never ending bit of watching troops go by and not being able to do anything.
76561198047855745,Recommended,235380,28358918,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BritishSaber,worth it
,Recommended,235380,32166830,Posted: 3 June,all,Ominous Cricket,"I have found Blitzkrieg III to be very enjoyable. The way they implement Line of Sight in this game, where every unit has a different view range instead of a universal range, is very fun to play with. Whether you use snipers to creep up on an enemy bunker for artillery to hammer, or scout cars to reveal an armor column on the road ahead, you will find it to be a satisfying mechanic to use once you understand it. Infantry in the first era seem weak, however this is because their weakest point is in the beginning of the game. Once you get a few upgrades, and learn how to make them hit the dirt and use cover, they start to last much longer and become valuable assets. This is a difficult game to understand and become good at. This is a game that rewards the player who uses ALL of their resources, and instills a feeling of accomplishment to those who plan and think through their strategies.I have never felt more accomplished when Ive beaten a mission or other player in any other game. Because, this game rewards the player who takes care of their forces, and utillizes everything handed to them.Anyways sorry for the wall of text, I really enjoy playing this game and I look forward to what the devs have planned for its bright future. Dont let those angry reviews deter you, try it out yourself. Play every nation, experience their playstyles and histories. Get lost in a very good simulation of World War II, from the first conflict, to the last."
76561198008233990,Not Recommended,235380,21865907,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ocnuybear,Pros:Good potentialGood graphicsCons:Need good quality consistent internet connectionLots of bugs
,Not Recommended,235380,22860099,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Megumi,"I purchased this game and it is bad!-The campaign makes no sense at all-Although Singleplayer, you still experience lagging in the game like units sit there walking in frame.BAD GAME OVERALL"
,Not Recommended,235380,24078744,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Weldericious,3rd parts of most games OFTEN ruin the whole franchise. This applies to Blitzkrieg aswell. Valve is smart for not making a 3rd part for any of their games.
,Recommended,235380,30162381,Posted: 25 February,all,matt.kirk,the game has improved lots since it first came out and has managed to take all my attention form all my other games
76561198197996430,Recommended,235380,30249460,Posted: 28 February,all,lonewolf19,I really like the way you people did to the game it has become more fun to play now with the missons but i wonder can there be more vchicles if so that would be awsome but i still like how you guys did it thank you so much im a big history fan.
76561198031010055,Recommended,235380,30185532,Posted: 25 February,all,jrwebb,Perfect  Balance of fast game play and strategy.
,Not Recommended,235380,34524083,Posted: 27 August,all,aviviljoen,"Error message ""Not authorised"". What a joke."
76561198092179890,Not Recommended,235380,23153722,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,=[ECR]= DesertFox,"This game is rediculus. First time I buy an early access game and totally tricked by those early gamers who gave this game a very high positive review. I play a lot of WW2 games and this is by far the worst gaming experience ever.People who gave this game very positive rating. I hope you don't give the false rating so that more people got trapped here and pay the developers to further develop this crap - so the money you paid won't be devalued.1. Need internet connect to play and very unstable server connection. I never dropped a single game ten years of playing online games and this one, I played the first mission ten times and I could NOT finish even once. Everytime the game either crash itself or it pop out a message ""you lost connection with the server"" and kicked my out (for an supposed offline mission, seriously??). Can you imaging spending 40 minutes or so playing a first mission every time and never being able to finish a single supposed offline mission because of the bad connection to the server???!!!!!2. How is it a realitic engine, everything looks cheap and fake. From movement of infanty to that of tanks. If you've played COH in the past, you will know what I mean3. Don't waste your money here. Until it is fully developed."
,Not Recommended,235380,21659024,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Scumlyz,game has to many bugs
76561198177512489,Recommended,235380,31943824,Posted: 24 May,all,benlavergne6,"DIFFICULTY SETTING WOULD BE NICE. MORE POINTS AVAILABLE TO ALLOW MORE LIFELIKE SCALE BATTLES, MORE TANK OPTIONS AND STONGER UNITS"
,Recommended,235380,29453885,Posted: 23 January,all,jasemedlam,I love this game so much.  great game play. playing against other players is soooo much fun.  I highly recommend this game.  strategy games have always been my favourite and this delivers in so many ways.  with updates and improvements this game goes from strength to strength.
,Not Recommended,235380,24160415,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[~] REDKNIGHT [~],it s bad it dosent have anithying to do]=
,Recommended,235380,33399641,Posted: 9 July,all,dsr,Good Graphics but the campaign missions are so easy
76561198045442150,Not Recommended,235380,22868632,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,patrickkeane823,"single player historic missions lack just about everything that BK 2 and 1 had.      No real control of anything.     Cant skip missions, cant save.   Total waste of money"
,Not Recommended,235380,24606475,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jaws The Dalek,theyve made the self-proclaimed RTS strategy game series i love into a clash of clans type multiplayer while the singleplayer makes me want to kill my self.
76561198004463652,Not Recommended,235380,31216469,Posted: 18 April,all,Reaver,At the moment the game is utterly unplayable due to lag.Only game I own that suffers from this issue.
76561198075987234,Not Recommended,235380,26538298,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,travaler1257,"If it cost 10 bucks it would be worth it but DO NOT wast your money on this game, at least not yet.     It has potential but so far it gets boring fast."
76561198081008847,Recommended,235380,32216632,Posted: 6 June,all,phinal,"A game that has changed A LOT since the early access. It went from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CoC clone to a great strategy game. There's a ton of content and playing as each of the 3 factions is an entirely new playthrough. The game is a bit clunky at times, and the constant internet connection requirement are a bit annoying though.All in all, I definately recommend this game if you're looking for a fun RTS."
76561198007509284,Recommended,235380,32281607,Posted: 8 June,all,milicbojan,good
76561198119072500,Recommended,235380,34688263,Posted: 2 September,all,The Mexican Merchant,its good
76561197965468304,Recommended,235380,34622330,Posted: 30 August,all,TylaBallz,"wow people really give this game a bad look , i mean let me be honest right now , it isnt the best game out by any means but ppl are giving it way to much flack ... i dont understand it .. people can never be satisfied with anything . now the game i was disappointed in was Sudden Strike 4 .... i was looking forward to that game and it let me down hard , but this game i wasnt even expecting to be as decent as it is ... Voices arent that bad in the game i see ppl complaining .. the germans sound like germans  unlike sudden strike 4 where its an american talking in the beginning of a mission . give this game a chance its not to bad"
76561198082143437,Recommended,235380,30831470,Posted: 30 March,all,George Ichimura,"The game is good, fun to play and has a progression sort of thing that makes it awesome"
76561198319120026,Recommended,235380,30337172,Posted: 5 March,all,Shekel master,about 3 months ago when i got it it took a lot of time for it to load it was very hard too...now it looks easyer and takes a lot less time to load.its nice
,Recommended,235380,34731244,Posted: 4 September,all,尋覓交配對象,"Long, Good but buggy and does not always realisticI would say it focus on units differentiation ruins those hurry player's heartTrue long and grind satisfy my heart for collecting units need to play a lot of mission to grind good unitsbut really buggy i have two computer later playing one cannot show the research points and general pagebase have not tried it yet at least the grinding system is good for satisfaction"
76561198342427952,Recommended,235380,34510734,Posted: 26 August,all,ChuckSmoke,If you like WWII its awsome!!!!
76561198005915792,Recommended,235380,35000877,Posted: 16 September,all,justin2510,"pretty sweet, not just a nostalger fest !!"
76561198159648815,Recommended,235380,35048130,Posted: 18 September,all,potatodude,amazing game
,Not Recommended,235380,35035536,Posted: 17 September,all,Shunmasan,It's boring.Even the graphics and animation sucks.Infantry is so weak that its better just spamming tanks and armored cars.
76561198022305672,Recommended,235380,32234829,Posted: 7 June,all,Lucan,"Nicely polished and a fun way to spend my evenings, Great work and congrats."
76561198137582210,Not Recommended,235380,25336881,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Omega,"I played 10 hours of this game getting to the third mission. Once I got to the third mission, the game began to run horribly. It was a complete waste of money, the devs really need to fix it."
76561198262977541,Recommended,235380,33687658,Posted: 20 July,all,fast_greedy,awesome game would like to have plenty of spare time to keep at it
76561197984131292,Recommended,235380,33727966,Posted: 22 July,all,Twist68,i like it
76561198036993828,Recommended,235380,24002367,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,For The Emperor,"I have enjoyed the Blitzkrieg Franchise from the first game through all the expansions till now. i must say this game is different from the other two as far as mp is concered, but sp is the same, it simply lacks the rpg element. but regardless the missions are fun and provide some historical insight into the actual battles of the world war 2. Now my only complain about this game is, and like the other blitzkrieg game is that they lack a multiplayer ai, now they do have practice mode, but i feel it is lacking. i feel like they should a multiplayer ai that allows players to select faction,diffulculty and game mode."
76561198014322184,Recommended,235380,25055640,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Krooked,Great Game has its issue but they are listens and watching and act quick to fix the issues that may arise. Game play is good and seems balanced
,Not Recommended,235380,28242499,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"I gave this game a good 2 months before I said I'd judge it, and here I am. 6 hours EA, and now, 0.2 release.That should be... Self explanatory. In short, UI looks like an Ipad ""space strategy"", graphics aren't bad, but feel like a more graphically enhanced vr game at some points, units will run right by each other without firing a shot until they stop, tank spam is the right spam, and infantry can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.Today was basically:Failed to authorize me once, shame on me.Failed to authorize me twice, shame on you.Failed to authorize me three times?♥♥♥♥ you, Nival."
76561198018348493,Recommended,235380,31197457,Posted: 17 April,all,^9G.o.A-^4Lone Wolf,"very nice graphics and gameplay.The only bad so far is the voice in the game.""Reinforcments have arrived""etc."
76561198054968772,Not Recommended,235380,32246053,Posted: 7 June,all,Vongrapple,"Still needs work. The tech tree is just cut and paste text for each faction. Infantry are worthless. Then again, I suck at these kinds of games, but i like to play the campaigns. Nothing to rave about but still a decent game.... And a surprise ju-52 right at the end of a mission when im out of resources to completely ♥♥♥♥ me over.... Thanks"
76561198123386018,Not Recommended,235380,30021226,Posted: 18 February,all,(G.E.W.P) HarrybullYT,This game was much better in the first versionnow its a catastrophe because theres no real base building like in the good old timesits not even realisticlike theres a MAUS tank?!that was a prototypei cnat belive my self i bought this crap
76561198204798905,Not Recommended,235380,22738185,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,phelpsy85,No campagin mode dont buy waste of money
76561198056889507,Not Recommended,235380,15866886,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,*****face,"Both Steam and Blitzkrieg 3 have no easily accessible support for this badly made game, I have not even been able to get past the loading screen, what a joke, steam is shocking at customer support as it is, coupled with this half baked effort is just stress avoid at all costs, stick with men of war for less stress"
76561198375535364,Not Recommended,235380,31833547,Posted: 18 May,all,KillSwitch,Make loading fasterMake Offline OfflineTHATS IT NOTHING MORE AND ILL GIVE IT YES
76561198010851065,Not Recommended,235380,29005918,Posted: 4 January,all,mennoborsboom,"Loading time sucks bigtime.Worldchat is popping up every time you pauses the game, which is very annoying.Nothing like the original Blitzkrieg."
76561198049519945,Recommended,235380,24411506,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr. GUNGADIN,"First of all to those who haven't played the game, try read what status rhe game has. It's early access and they are working on it. The campaigns for each nation nation in game will come. If you haven't played blitzkrieg 1 and 2 then don't get blitzkrieg 3 before playing those games.The graphics in the game are really good in my opinion and the multiplayer is something I can spend hours on just attacking or defending my base or making my base defense better.Some of the things I don't like are the bugs but I see how their developers are doing everything to fix the bugs and glitches.And then again it's early access, things will be better. Just wait for it to be released"
76561198292019428,Not Recommended,235380,21933131,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,didwelandonthesun,I can't install the game...thanks a lot steam
76561198321743489,Not Recommended,235380,34903542,Posted: 12 September,all,<3tenz woser<3,it says not authorized to play now how can i fix it please help me guys....
,Recommended,235380,32210584,Posted: 5 June,all,Zombiedrd,"Big fan of the older games, jumped into this one.  The gameplay is fun enough, I enjoy the persistant army concept, but I am not a fan of always online. I don't always have that capability, and RTS games are my go to when I am without internet. I play different games when I am online. What this means for me is I won't play the game as much as I'd like. Really wish there was an opt out for multiplayer so I could play offline.Another issue is resolution. The game won't let me change resolutions to a better fit, and this is a common enough problem. Needs more optimization.All and all, and enjoyable game, but it has major issues. 6/10."
,Recommended,235380,32179323,Posted: 4 June,all,Anarhija,more missions !!!
76561198054405151,Not Recommended,235380,32642474,Posted: 22 June,all,speedy6617,Visually this is a nice game.As to the mechanics it is rubbish. I believe they have removed themselvse so far from the original as they were able to.Silas Abhi wrote a very good rewiew of this down here.I bought this a long long time ago in hopes of this beeing good. And i regret it very mutch since i cannot get a refund for this crap any more.If you want something similar to the first Blitzkrieg i suggest you wait for Sudden Strike 4 to finish. So far that looks way better.
76561198383075614,Recommended,235380,31668575,Posted: 10 May,all,khulaten.afg,is this game currently under maintenance?
,Recommended,235380,33889490,Posted: 29 July,all,MikeWe,"Awesome game. But, lots of small bugs. Audio was not working sometimes. I only heard the ambient sounds. Overall I really enjoy this game and will play it alot!"
,Not Recommended,235380,25487799,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,spybaz,"Hate, hate, hate the limited camera movement. Could be a great game otherwise but I ain't playing this anymore unless they give it full camera movemnt."
76561198054085195,Recommended,235380,24016014,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,khroso(´・ω・,there has to a ambush for tank destoryers . for tank destoryers bush should disapperar when the tank destory is hidden . sometimes a group of intantry will 2 -3 men will not assulate with the group
76561197978374479,Recommended,235380,33681248,Posted: 20 July,all,EP_Dexter850,game is good i have just played the first 3 missions and enjoyed it so brought the game :)
76561198074884057,Not Recommended,235380,35348857,Posted: 30 September,all,BOSCO,"Rip Off...too many bugs and crashes for a $50 game! It sould be completely removed from the STEAM store.  I could not get a refund because I played it too long (4 hours) trying to ignore all the problems.  Don""t waste your money like I did."
76561197983634295,Recommended,235380,29490332,Posted: 25 January,all,Exorcist_1986,"EDIT: 09.05.2017Hello! It has been four months. Four months of good progress. Today I tried the game again and I see many updates and even the graphics are polished so the save/load funtion. I´ll give it a thumbs up. Keep up the good work.Review from January:Too many bugs makes it impossible to play it smooth. You cannot even save or load the progress, risking to get a freeze and destroy the whole mission. Cause u have to start it again from the beginning!"
76561198165293405,Not Recommended,235380,33771752,Posted: 24 July,all,Purpking6000,Great Game Love the Idea Behind this game i would recommend this to my friends but its very expensive for what the game is really worth also i dont like the fact that you cannot cheat as i love to make games for the ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. also the graphics are not so good could do with an update but with the cheats i find this game also super hard to beat to a point that i never want to play this game again and get a refund due to how unplayable it is this is why the game needs some type of thing to make this game way easier or somthing but overall i would rate this game 68/100
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,235380,32135495,Posted: 2 June,all,Blitzwing,"The game is really badly done-several times it does crash-the progress system is just bad done, I am stuck already for hours in 1941.-you gain after each mission like 2 units-it just some random missions, nobody online and AI is stupid.-enemy can blind shoot your units, the fog of war does not affect them!-the problem is just how dull the game is , just gain a lot of tanks and spam them, so you win all the time. But it needs time till you have unlocked by this broken system the tanks.--------------------------------------------------------Wasn't it possible to plan and design the gameplay better ?Its clear that games receive in Early Access changes,but the development cycle here just makes no sense.1 The progress wipe is really self own age,because it forces people to play again same missions,just to get stuff they already did have.2 Why was the Base Progress System removed ?With that system you could way faster achieve new tech.3 Several game mods broken.Base attacks and defence makes no sense now,because there are no resources to claim.4 Once you have a huge tank blob in reserve.Game mode is simply push with Tanks.Why were Anti tank units not better implemented ?5 Play vs other people is not really accessible, because they have just access to way better tech, you can only achieve after spending a lot of hours in play.6 The missions are OK if you want to play story,but be forced to play story to gain basic tech ?but be forced to play story again to gain basic tech ?7 Why are this just 2 or 3 units you gain after a mission ?8 Why can't people simply choose after mission what they want to unlock ?9 Why is here pointless research added to increase the time you have to spend ?10 Why people don't get proper rewards after they play vs AI ?11 Why was the progress system so extremely slowed down ?12 Why didn't they simple leave the better concept or fixed the new one ?"
76561197992251532,Not Recommended,235380,15986340,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mactheknife,Game is a absolute shamble it takes ages before you can upgrade anything cos its so slow and Now that i have just got to the support section of the game upgrades it now keeps crashing the blue screen of death PLEASE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
76561198034244584,Not Recommended,235380,25673611,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,tomhardingrn,I want a career through the war - realistic opportunities to work my way up the ranks. Start off as a junior field officer with a small unit and progressivly take on more and lead up to the battles. Also a free mode would be good epic.Too jumpy and not a clear user friendly interface.Currently not enough to addict me to the game - nothing to strive for.
76561198260780633,Not Recommended,235380,20849597,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,jude180587,NOT ABLE TO CHOOSE ANY SIDE IN THE GAME. ITS TOTALLY ONLINE!!!!
76561197961385847,Not Recommended,235380,21905552,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PandaBear,"Do not buy, it is a freaking IOS game...I so hoped that this would be atleast SOMETHING like Blitzkrieg 1, but no."
76561198035678681,Not Recommended,235380,25908039,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Phileas Fogg,This “update” is pure garbage. The game is totally imbalanced and has terrible controls. This is a sad useless copy of a classic game. Don't waste your money. There are dozens of better games in the genre.
76561198281713332,Not Recommended,235380,26574977,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,byzantium0912000,I hope this game is finished sometime this decade. I haven't been able to access it properly for some time now and the developers are content with taking your money while taking their sweet time to finish what should have been finished months ago.
76561198108353506,Not Recommended,235380,33043498,Posted: 30 June,all,SadSadeus,"This game is terra bad.Elaboration:1: Requires an internet connection to play all parts.2: Gameplay is laggy at times because of their servers.3: Single player mode consists of a paltry number of short battles.4: PvP is a joke...someone has played Clash of Clans way to much.5: Very few people playing so it is hard to find a game.6: There is no point to obtaining early era units because they are useless later in the game.7: No manuel or list of units by era.8: To aquire new units, repetive mind numbing battles must be played to have a small chance atgetting a nice unit.9: Boris is the biggest pile of BS....You cannot pause to direct units, Boris just throws troops atyou constantly without any real tactics.  Neural AI is just a marketing ploy.10: Some units are not historically accurate.11: half of the time loading a game does not work.This could have been a great game, but it seems like the developers just wanted to cash in on the Blitzkrieg name with a half-hearted rendition.  The game needs to be playable offline first off and this is Blitzkrieg 3...the 3rd of its kind but it feels like nothing has changed from 1 and 2 other than being shorter but with slightly better graphics."
,Recommended,235380,20758602,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,markmccrystalmd15,"Amazing game ! I love the idea behind it ! Personally, I would prefer not to see my tanks phase through each other, but that really doesn't affect the game. It is an amazing game and I can not wait to see what becomes of it !"
76561198194959078,Not Recommended,235380,21719672,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jsreese,game does not load and kicks you alot
76561198256452418,Recommended,235380,31864667,Posted: 20 May,all,johan.vabou,the relieve of the rebels was not working
,Recommended,235380,21767207,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SADU,Its Amaaazeeening
76561198363632929,Recommended,235380,33901324,Posted: 30 July,all,faulknersheilagary,i is perfect just perfect but add more tanks please
76561198350944802,Recommended,235380,31650636,Posted: 9 May,all,guglomanija,great
,Recommended,235380,31735168,Posted: 13 May,all,Super Trump,"Great time waster, amazing gameplay, just the unit movement seems very fast and lazy. I feel like the units need to walk faster, and fly faster. Just a thought.But great game none the less! Try it out!"
76561197973505770,Not Recommended,235380,16275035,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Justice,"at this time i would not recomand this to any one that has played the other's in the Blitzrieg as its nothing like it, you will not like it.Its more like clash of clanzzz ( had to change the name) with who can set up the best defense? single player mode just simply is so automated, you can not very in what you can do.maybe after some more updates it will improve or maybe not"
,Not Recommended,235380,25487222,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,vinishshetty,unnecessarily complicated game
76561198279675581,Recommended,235380,25020657,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,subie1,the game needs window 10 cause if you have window 10 and play the game its very lagy
76561198045004187,Not Recommended,235380,15729649,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,EternalConflict,this game ... just no words for it compaired to the first blitzkrieg this is noting.i though blitzkrieg 2 was bad but this .... where the hell are the great battles of blitzkrieg 1.i though that this game would finally be a good alternative for the first one but oooh boy was i wrong :/i would not recommend this game to people who are looking for a good altrnative for Blitzkrieg 1
,Not Recommended,235380,15938704,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,JOYCO,"fun at first but then it becomes abit of a drag to play after a while,so it is hard for me to recomend because of this and the price that you pay"
76561198015424083,Not Recommended,235380,16305886,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tim ist ne Nutte,"Well if you search for a ""clash of clans"" like game with the sweet taste of paying for then it this game is the perfect choice for you. If you wish to get yourself a nice WW2 RTS then you should not buy this game. The strategic deepth of the game is nearly non existent since it is based on simple countering (infantry > AT infantry > vehicles > ) witch gives you fun for about 10 mins. The simple counter mechanic does not really benefit from the fact that there are 3 unit types either. The game gives you an actually nice challenge with this system since it is not easy at all yet way too uncomplex to keep the ecitement up for more than a couple of minuits."
76561198103082240,Not Recommended,235380,19897442,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"Rush For Berlin 2.0, the graphics cannot acheive pictures showed on store page. Please make a game like Blitzkrieg 2, be realistic !"
76561197967030475,Not Recommended,235380,15873040,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grunt20mm,"I've had more fun watching grass grow... It reminds me of something i would've played in early 2000. Limited strategies, if you've played 5 battles you've pretty much experienced it all."
,Not Recommended,235380,22467045,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,White Diamond,Clash of Clans: The World War
76561198277969212,Not Recommended,235380,25715197,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,hootie274,"at first it was alright then they just kept messing it up more and more.  not a good game right now. this should play  sort of be likt panzer/allied general but in real time like this game is. mission are scripted boringness. at first PVP (attack or defend base) was fun then some updates came took all our stuff away and made game so boring, graphic are not that great either. niether is the one camera angle. waste of moneyupdate. game still garbage. way to scripted. might as wait on  sudden strike 4"
,Not Recommended,235380,30124082,Posted: 23 February,all,Ungorisz,"I miss first Early Access version which was far better ... pretty solid base attack / building multiplayer and fun (that was nearly 2 years ago) ....... but ppl cried and cried, so they reworked the base attack / defense and added a meh real time multiplayer while saying that there'll be a wpie at release, so most players stopped playing. Now multiplayer is nearly dead or noobstomping if you get matched with any veteran players (and still no confirmed release and wipe date, just 2017 Q1). They added a chat too, but guess what, only russians using it and noone answering any english questions.Maybe after wipe ..."
76561198166048300,Not Recommended,235380,31924627,Posted: 23 May,all,Boomer82,"buy men of war 2 instead this is rts lite trash for peoplewho dont like proper rts games, try harder"
76561197991264999,Not Recommended,235380,31783802,Posted: 16 May,all,Kamakazi,Can't wait for Sudden Strike 4......
76561198191862193,Not Recommended,235380,32162064,Posted: 3 June,all,galuh.pramudipto,"game need to rebalanced, not make sense if infatry to easy destroy tank (light, medium, heavy) with couple of granat, computer infantry too strong and very easy to destroy your unit, AI need to be improvee, even in point blank your tank can't shoot enemy tank,..."
76561198390806414,Recommended,235380,32559267,Posted: 19 June,all,cedricworthingtonbroadaxe,"I write this review with deep regret; because the games themselves (when you can actually play them ! ) are first-class entertainment; really very good indeed. The problem I have is with the 'Steam' system itself, which may be very good at taking money from those who wish to play the games available; but (certainly in my case ! ) is virtually worthless at remembering who's purchased games from them or when. I've spent approaching £100 on three games linked to the Steam system (Civilisation 6 £40, Blitzkrieg 3 £40 and War of the Clans Free ) in the last couple of weeks. The only one amongst them I can still play is Blitzkrieg 3, but for how much longer that will remain possible I really don't know.Repeat.The problem is Steam's 'security' system, which is excellent at shutting the games down, and/or restricting access to them; but pretty worthless at allowing them to be reloaded for continued problem-free play later.With the last three weeks experience of just how unreliable/difficult to access these games really are to base my opinion on; I'd not recommend anyone to send Steam a penny piece; because it doesn't buy the fun that's advertised; just endless stress/frustration and disappointment fighting with a useless 'security' system that insists on shutting down, misloading and/or blocking access too the accounts it's guarding as if they're the miser's hoard.Quality of the games themselves ?100%Quality of the Steam system's customer service ?2%"
76561198167979906,Not Recommended,235380,30123371,Posted: 23 February,all,GordinhoGostoso,"what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, why can't you make a good game? where are those repair trucks? where are those ammo trucks that we all loved in blitzkrieg 1 and 2? im not playing more of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game until you guys can fix all the crap you made and put BETTER units that can support damage and not die with one shot. And the tanks die with MORTARS wtf is this crap? That doesn't make any sense there was never a game that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me of a lot."
76561198020944636,Recommended,235380,33974969,Posted: 2 August,all,Baldpatch33,One word - AWSOME
76561198024274145,Not Recommended,235380,28810868,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Viking171986,"Stay away from this game!!!!!!! This is complete and utter trash. To sum up my experiance with this game lets put it in blunt terms.update-Gave this game another chance, and it still pisses me off.The dev below pretty much confirmed that this is a clash of clans clone. You need I repeat need an internet connection to play this game, there is no plan for adding an offline mode so if you have comcast you can go f**k yourself because you will lag out during single player. this game is a turd with sprinkles and I hope Karma pays these devs back because this game is a scam.1: French have Mortars that fire homing nukes capable of 1 shotting a Stug.2: German Infantry are totally useless and are outgunned by french infantry by a huge margin.3: a french machine gun carrier can go toe to toe with a stug or panzer 3.4: The game requires an internet connection, so if you have a bad provider like I do say hello to lag.5: No base building.6:With how useless your units are in this game it would make sense to either A: have a large army or a steady flow or re-enforcements. Not in this games case. I have no idea what the devs are thinking on this game but they have never played a strategy game before.7: If you think about playing as the germans (The games name is Blitzkrieg no♥♥♥♥♥♥people want to play as the germans) Forget about it because your units will be outclassed and next to useless to the enemy.8: God aweful AI. When giving move orders over any distance sever of my tanks will drive in reverse offering a rear shot to the enemy.Don't buy this game stay clear it will only bring you anger and disappointment. Play Men of War or go outside and play in the snow.1/10 Biggest scam next to Day Z"
76561198332335776,Not Recommended,235380,31706967,Posted: 12 May,all,Baturtaklaci5,waste of money
76561198000918923,Not Recommended,235380,28246997,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BoD| efreitor Sroul`,"OK, people, this game is practically unplayable due to severe bugs. I mean, saving loading doesnt work, or all units just freeze- I mean, I understand its like beta version, but really, I cant finish the first mission.I am a Sudden Strike and Blitzkrieg old time player, thats why I bought this one , and I do have faith that you make it work. I mean, it seems the campaigh would have a kick♥♥♥♥♥story, the first mission is so cynical. I like.But no, I dont recommend the game as it is."
,Not Recommended,235380,27374806,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Medalofdead,"A black sheep of Blitzkrieg franchise.I was expecting Nival to produce a further evolution on the epic Blitzkrieg 2, which shouldn't be too difficult, but now it seems more like a degeneration than an evolution. Many features already present on Blitzkrieg 2 are missing in 3. You cannot rotate camera with your mouse, you cannot control midair aircrafts, you cannot replenish ammo and HP, and more intolerably, YOU CANNOT SAVE OR LOAD YOUR GAME, one wrong move and you have to start over from the very beginning, yes. Instead they added some useless features, such as ""capture the house"" key for the infantry, which I have absolutely no idea what meaning it has.Speaking of campaign, it is UTTERLY USER UNFRIENDLY, partly due to the game mechanics. The walkthrough of a single mission is very long. It is especially frustrating when you cannot save your progress (imagine you just lost your only tank and you can not load game). Also, the campaign is unbelievably DIFFICULT, DULL and severly RUSSIAN BIASED. Russian infantry can wipe out German counterparts for breakfast without a scratch (in 1941!). BT-5 can one shot a B1 frontally whereas latter takes more than 3 minutes to do so. And you have no reserves while AIs do. I highly suspect whether gamemakers themselves can clear the campaign or not.The multiplayer is dull as well. The player matching is long and not based on any parameter like skill, the map is way too small and predictable, the game mode is lacking (only defensive and offensive). I don't want to continue, you name it.Overall, it's a very disappointing experience and I can tell the devs are not enthusiastic about this game for a single moment. Maybe they shouldn't make a sequel of Blitzkrieg 2 at all. A legend is better kept than ruined."
76561198158015344,Not Recommended,235380,31425760,Posted: 28 April,all,taurus432001,"This game blows its soo not even , the troops take out a thousands of gernaides out of there bag and one shot the tanks"
76561198064569598,Recommended,235380,23912958,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tstuart1996,It's a good game with a good campain and a better mutiplayer fertuer you have 3 bases in all that you can swich to every 48 hours 1 from each of the 3 fractions.
76561197970695465,Not Recommended,235380,28359069,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Saxon,What a bugged horrible mess. How they get away with charging money for this amazes me.
76561198007048732,Not Recommended,235380,25632262,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Nargisoa,What a stupid game thanks for ruining a fantastic game enemy units are 3 times more powerfull than yours they can see you  long before u can see them the game is really unballanced
76561198122755907,Not Recommended,235380,20507073,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jordandean99,it stopped working playing for 1 hour. i did everything to fix but it wont work.
76561198073742386,Not Recommended,235380,20337484,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Orlando gold,i have had this game since chrismas and it wont  even start i cant even get past the launch screen because it says that it is  applying 0/2 updates and i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it just wont work :(
76561198012112488,Not Recommended,235380,30999995,Posted: 7 April,all,Boagass,Simply wont reload saved games- complete disaster
76561198025530491,Not Recommended,235380,19894845,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Maschinengewehr42,"Im a big fun of Blitzkrieg and played many years in Blitzkrieg and Blitzkrieg 2. However gamers buy this game for amazing campains in a single player mod.i think Blitazkrieg 3 still very dry and need a lot to fix in a game process. You cant save game in single company, you cant change lvl (on easy, medium or hard). i think game have to much realism than previous parts and this make masturbation in a game process. All russian RTS strategies have same problem, to much realism and difficult gameplay process. I hope it will be fix in nearest updates.P.S. main picture of this game sucks fat german solders in glasses. Nival you should change this."
,Recommended,235380,29887183,Posted: 12 February,all,evgenromin,"Blitzkrieg has a good mix of historical detail and light gameplay to appeal to a wide range of strategy fans. You can always turn up the difficulty level to up the challenge, or you can enjoy the game for what it is at the default levels."
76561198047610030,Not Recommended,235380,17387076,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,belore_brighthaxe,"AS much as I would like to reconmend this game to players of the series of which I was a huge fan of until this game. I cannot in good conience do so. This game was the biggest let down I have ever had the misfortune of paying for, A $60.00 price tag is not excatly cheap , but I feel ripped off, there is no single player campaign that does not inculde PvPing for upgrades or better units, and there is no balance when you get into a battle, the A.I. you face has better everything, firing rate , accuracy, and upgrades, so it takes forever to get anywhere in campaign mode. I hate being forced into PvP to just to get anything done in game., as matter of fact ,I hate PvP period. This game is more like a facebook app then an actual PC, strategy game, there is no skrimmish mode to square off against an A.I., and the Historical battles seem less then impressive to Me. I have played alot of World War 2 strategy games, but this one was such a let down. Im disappointed in Nival for ruining one of the best ww2 strategy games there was.If i had one reconmendation for Nival Scrap this game and build better versions of the frist two games in the series using those game formats will in my opion insure success."
76561198264553348,Not Recommended,235380,23631271,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,omargermania,its ww2 version of clash of clan if you love clash of clan buy it this game suck so much no planning nedded the single player sucks not like the first blitzkreg ive just been riped of i really not recommend this game for players who like planning dont buy this game
76561198137695333,Not Recommended,235380,26097678,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,biobio655,"Very very boring i didn,t like it"
76561198018235751,Not Recommended,235380,23697882,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,chadisaade,lousy gamecrashes all the time and takes forever to load
76561198134216697,Recommended,235380,23487730,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DZNation,my game says acces code violation anyone know what to do about it?
76561198030078081,Not Recommended,235380,17419393,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,CheekyDennis,"Dont buy this game. Truely feels, looks, and plays like a frickin' app game. For 30 dollars? Definetly not worth it. I refunded(THANK GABEN FOR THAT NEW FUNTION) this game after 20 minutes of play. I dont see anything new or inevative at all. Had no fun. The tutorial pushes you through what seemed like the majority of the games upgrades and progession. Stay away and ignore those ""helpfull"" positive reviews, I feel like I was completely coaxed. If the devs maybe added some kind of depth into the game like acutall strategy then maybe i would consider buying it, or maybe , made it look like a game from 2015 or at least some thing worth 30 god damn dollars.If  you want to know what this game is like without wasting 30 bucks, just go on your phone and download Clash of Clans or any of its clones. What a waste of time! DONT BUY!"
76561197971506372,Not Recommended,235380,25604844,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Gob,Just buy Men of War:XXX or one of the old Blitzkrieg games.This is not a patch on the old Blitzkrieg games. I'm not sure what it is or what it is supposed to be when it is finished but it is a very poor RTS.  I doubt it will even be finished because I see little market for it.They need to remove it from sale and start again almost from scratch.
,Not Recommended,235380,28517662,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BrosandKros｢JillStingray｣,-No medkits-No Reinforcement system for inf-No Repair For Any Vehicles-No Medics-Tanks have paper armor-should Balance difficulty of the missions-Your troops are dying in 2 sec(i played blitzkrieg 2 so i know about the ♥♥♥♥ing game)
76561198127647399,Recommended,235380,22852170,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mtc_PzKfwgn,"Before the game was released, there were a lot of bugs and things to change. I can see that game changed a lot from early access.Graphics:Graphic technologies have changed since       Blitzkrieg I, Blitzkrieg 3 has very nice graphics and animation effects so it requires a good gpu, cpu and ram too.Gameplay:Gameplay is same with old Blitzkrieg games but this one based on Multiplayer gaming. Game gives us Multiplayer experience in someway but i think people wouldn't want somekind of multiplayer.Audio:It is good to see that units have their old audio in Blitzkrieg I. Other musics and themes also good.If game was not based on Multiplayer and if it didn't require a well pc to play, I would give absolutely 10/10.8/10"
76561197975817124,Not Recommended,235380,18348132,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Marvelous Ducky Turret,"A game that could have been so much better :(I look at the screenshot, look at the description and bam. I am on board to the history train! I remember those hours spent playing Blitzkrieg 1 and 2! Such great times spent in my childhood, discovering great strategy games (alongside with Cossacks back in those days).People... The solo is not the greatest, the game is unbalance and it's remind me more of a ""Clash of Clans"" rather than a real strategy game.It reminds me more of a freemium / pay to win, but there is no options to pay (thank god I already paid 35 euros for that). In the screenshot I see planes, epic battles, BADASSERY! GREATNESS! I was like WO WO WO!I launched the game, crashed a few times, had to redo the tutorials. (tutorials take long). Go online, I take a commander by mistake, I can't choose another one... Well... OK? Thank god it was the tank commander! Why? Because here is the ULTIMATE STRATEGY GUIDE FOR SKILLZ MLG PRO! You are ready?Have a lot of tanks.... Basically, you want scouts to see far away, you want medium tanks to be able to kill any poor AI enemy coming towards you or to handle an ambush from a player. Then you want a tank destroyer... which will be used as a giant sniper to ... destroy everything that is in sight of the scout! AND VOILA!Oh... I didn't say the best! You make your own base (seems fun uh? A permanent base! :D but no... here's why) but this is like a base you can't customize, you need to have your building in a big square, you can still put defenses (mines, stuff to make people not to cross a road or anti tank guns and pillbox) and you can put some of your units here and there.Problem? Everything cost ressource points (logic) but the only ways to get them is by : Attacking an enemy and not loosing OR wait and hope nobody attacked you when you were away from your computer!Let me explain, you attack and steal the ressources of people (they created a beautiful base but my team of ""tank snipers"" wipped out everything), GREAT! Now you are back at your base but someone attacked you, YOU LOOSE WHAT YOU JUST WON! I mean, it happened to me too many times, especially when I was about to click on something and I couldn't after because someone decided to attack me when I was attacking someone else and the AI taking care of my defense was dumb (it's an AI).You level up your base with the few ressources you can get, developing paranoia, you level up your troops and defenses, IT TAKES TIME! GRINDING, PARANOIA AND TIME! It remind me of an old game which was based on the same policy and if I knew, I WOULD HAVE NEVER BOUGHT IT!Nevertheless, I tried to love and cuddle that game, I really tried. It's blitzkrieg! But no... It's Casualkrieg, it's paranoia, waste of time, I find the animation of the units / modelization not so great (except... the tanks?).Worst... 35 euros... spent... on a game :( AND THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO SAY! (The commanders abilities, Unit restriction, the OP army with way more levels than you who attack your base while you're away and... 10 other dude who attacks you after him and because of the AI you loose.)So much more to say.... I tried steam refund but for some reason, they are still thinking you need less than 2 hours to discover a game and decide if you really want to separate from it. I wish there was a demo. I wish I knew :(If I didn't have the game and if someone gave me back my 35 euros, I would buy Men of War or EVEN COH 2 which is with LOTS OF DLCs! (DLCs... the new plague)"
,Not Recommended,235380,22891494,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jeb Bush,DO NOT BUY THIS AWFUL GAMEIT REMINDS ME OF CANDY CRUSH.....MUST I SAY MORE?
76561198262973893,Not Recommended,235380,23357436,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mihudeyu,"Game screen is very good, on-line has been dropping, game style or the existence of 2D feeling, like Red Alert game, there is no Assault Squad series of fun so give bad review游戏画面非常的不好，联机总是掉线，游戏风格还是存在2d的感觉，有点像红色警戒游戏，没有突击小队系列的好玩所以给差评"
76561198110582310,Not Recommended,235380,32895336,Posted: 27 June,all,Ms. D3v1l,"Lack of mission, some artillary vehicles are tank destoryers and one American general when playing the Americans the rest are British and French, best way to earn units is to fight Boris a AI or fight other players , not a much fun as blitzkrieg 2 was.  Where is Patton at if this game is going to have Britishes units and generals for this game then add the british in and the historical role of some of the units is incorrect, example the M7 Priest was a SPG not a tank destoryer. Dont buy the game its a waste of money. The only good thing is you can pick your units you want to use for the mission."
76561198095637011,Not Recommended,235380,19516217,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dragonforcelover45,"as of right now this game is way and i mean WAY too difficult im on the very first mission and its ridiculously hard. and you know what i could deal with that if this game gave you the ability to save your progress but for some reason it does not have the most basic and obvious feature an rts game needs. No saving, no way to adjust the difficulty and not enough units to complete the mission with inadequate reinforcements that you cant choose or call in when you want to make this game just frustrating. I understand a game has to be challenging but this is just downright brutal its not even fun."
76561198164824664,Recommended,235380,24752245,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Firebird,great
76561198007059330,Not Recommended,235380,26152370,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bc007,this game is still broken
76561198319680528,Recommended,235380,29068629,Posted: 6 January,all,yousefali507,Good game
76561198031323282,Not Recommended,235380,17075853,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Mrrshal,"Being fan of first ´´Blitzkrieg´´ I say: It is worse than Farmville! It has almost nothing in common with previous successful titles. People are being banned forever on Nival official forums for any little critic. It costs around 35E, because if it was f2p, no one would pay a cent for it. Will try to get refund."
,Not Recommended,235380,17420226,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sythalron,"Very dated gameplay, very unrealistic damage modeling and unit scaling.I know it is early access but that can only be used as an excuse for so much, the fundamental designs of the game, finished or no are still the same and they are flawed. The clash of clans style multiplayer is ok but the lack of customization on building your own base leaves alot to be desired in 2015.Also the units and damage modelling are completely outdated from RTS of a decade+ ago.The graphics are very pretty though."
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,235380,18206414,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Attila[DK],"A such  wonderful concept, such a horrible implementation. This has NOTHING to do with RTS - AT ALL. Its simply a hoax. You get a lame base, fiddle around with 1936 tanks and try to build up your base. Hence you get the base into battle - not a new base, the same base.. yeah... noooot. such a dissapointment. who wants to drive machinegun tanks from 1936???"
76561197976070076,Not Recommended,235380,19178506,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,CoLOrWolF,"This game is disapointing.  I did spent quite some time playing this game hoping it will get better as I progress. I finally gave up after spending over 30 hours on it.  First of all, all three factrions have the same unit types.  Tanks and infantry units do look different among US, Russia and Germany, but those units are the same type of heavy tank, tank destroyer, assault infantry and regullar infantry, etc.  They just look different but are with the same functions.  The buildings, defense units and structures look the same among all three factions.Multiplayer is a waste of time.  The upgrading system and game progress take forever.  It takes around 600k - 800k supply to progress from a level 5 headquarter to a level 6 headquarter, and each battle won will give you only about 7k of supply.  You fight in the maps with defenses created by other players.  However, there are only a few player created defense maps (around 4-5 per level).  So you fight the same battle over and over.  Imagine fighting the exact same battle 20 times hoping to get enough supply to upgrade to the next level.Another disappointment is that you will lose your supply to other player when your defense (controlled by AI) is breached while you are offline.   Lastly, this game is buggy.  For example, units don't respond to command, infantry won't be able to destroy road blocks as that's suppose to be one of their skill.  So it ended up my whole army got stucked and I won't be able to finish the battle.However, I must say the graphics are nice and the sound effects are good.  But unfortunatly, the gameplay is boring with repeatable maps and opponents.  I would not recommend this game to anyone at this stage of the game development.  Save your money for something else."
,Recommended,235380,26121430,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mike Baker (Spyrter),"HelloI recommend this game for the people who whant to crontrubute in games develeppment. It clearly says early acces soo dont flip out if you bugth the game and see alot of bugs, I dont think it deserves this much Hatred.If the game dint say early acces I woudnt recommend, but this is not the case.-Spyrter"
,Not Recommended,235380,32827947,Posted: 26 June,all,[DEFN] Ultimatium,"This Game is Very Well made. but don't let that fool you it's not fun. till you can play all the late war equipment  in multiplayer you have to complain hours worth of repetitive and boring campaign. also playing multiplayer almost gives you nothing. this game has terrible campaign/multiplayer integration. and if you want some authentic WWII fun AVOID THIS GAME. when you start the american campaign you start in africa instead of normandy or the pacific. and if it's ALLIED campaign and not american than why make the USSR a seperate campaign and not the british. it's just lazy boring and repetitive. if you don't have hours and hours of free time you should stay away from this game. when pictures show all the normandy pic with tigers shermans late war equipment, that is misleading. to unlock all that you have to start with some sham-laam-doobly tanks in africa and advance through the years. and the beggining is so hard that i have played for an hour and completed only 3 missions. again the game is very well made and battles with bots or other people are fun but good f*cking luck getting to it. you will be smashing your keyboard before you even reach El Alamein. so conclusion is that if you want to buy this game because it's WWII than i will suggest avoiding this game. there are a lot of good WWII strategy games like Company of Heroes or Men Of War, just stay away from this one. and if you are looking for good strategy gameplay that is challenging than this game does that perfectly"
76561198031654724,Not Recommended,235380,18369199,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,orcisaac,I am very sad they ruined an original title such as Blitzkrieg. I had a lot of fun playing the earlier titles and all I can say is this one did not live up to their legacy.
76561198007285584,Not Recommended,235380,17493182,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sgt-blue (UK),"Straight in at the deep end very llittle in way of instruction. Then when finally get past first objective, game crashes.... start again same.  bloody frustrating"
76561198015208918,Not Recommended,235380,19006311,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Luckylegs,"I wouldn't buy the game in its current state.   List of problems that I have found with it:1. The game lacks multiplayer matches, because more people choose to play the AI instead of you. No multiplayer games is a game killer if you ask me. I can't sit there for hours waiting for 1 match.  Sure its fun setting up a defense, but if you have to beg people to attack you forget about it.2. The game progresses to a level 7 where you get to unlock all the different units, but you can never go back to a lower tier which are quite fun, and compete for that level ranking. They need to add in a change to any tier level ranking game.3.  The game needs an option to play any map of your choosing.   This right here is probably the most desired want.4. No way to save your maps once you have spent hours setting up your defense, because they make you upgrade to a higher level. And all that work is gone forever.5. No team games yet.  That is unlike the Blitzkrieg people to not have this option.There are many other problems with this game like game balancing issues but they are minor compared to the problem of finding people to play matches with you. There is no 'set up a match' thing button that you see in most games.  All you do is set up your defenses on a map and wait for people to attack you,.. that can be 5 minutes waiting or 24 hours to 1 week.There are some very good positives also, one being there is no base buiding like in COH where you can keep bringing up reinfocements.  I don't really likes neverending games.Most of my buddies left this game out of frustration. and I think its happening to me too."
76561197999850159,Not Recommended,235380,21187797,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Khan84,Do NOT buy this game - Unbalanced and bugged. More frustrating than an ounce of enjoyment.
76561198067293225,Not Recommended,235380,18131254,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,joey.dobbs,"Keep in mind anything I have to say about this game is subjective, But to be short if you are a fan of castle crashing/base defense style games than this game is absolutely for you . but if your a fan of the original Blitzkrieg than you may be disappointed as Blitzkrieg 3 forgoes much of the long drawn out tactical gameplay that I personally very much loved about the original , in favor of quick skirmishes , and base attack and defend (not to say there isn't any tactics involved just not quite to the same extent). however the graphics are very nice and it is still being worked on . so I can only hope they add a ""classic mode"" or something to sate my appetite for the original."
76561198096008176,Not Recommended,235380,32050258,Posted: 29 May,all,[MIG] FTL-1 Capptin,crashes every other game... its anoying af
76561197960803164,Not Recommended,235380,31158424,Posted: 15 April,all,MaddogMatty,didnt enjoy this game
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,235380,20976950,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Moforkus,"bought this game on sale...tried to play the tutorial. Terrible experience. Units do whatever they want, tutorial doesn't actually tell you what buttons to press (u get to figure that out by yourself) but units don't do what they are supposed to anyways. Graphics are weird, with lots of screen tearing, and when I looked on the forums, the Dev's basically are non committal about anything that people bring up about the game.Bottom line..even on sale this was a waste of money. Its not fun, its sloppy and it looks like crap."
76561198189407115,Not Recommended,235380,19362113,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Repo,"Not as i thourt it would be :( I played this for about 20 mins and the outlook is way diffrent then 1 and 2. the close up and long veiw of your troops is stupped and the format sucks.. I dont mean to disrepect this game but ""Regretfull buy"" and if i wanted a lay out like war comander i would play it on facebook, (I HATE WAR COMANDER)Pros: It is wat it is i gueseCons: The format is completey diffrent then 1 an 2Looks like a game you get on facebookLooks like a copy from war comander"
76561198039707133,Not Recommended,235380,30098102,Posted: 22 February,all,[SAS] Azzar,"BLOODY CANT ROTATE THIS CRAP, WHO MAKES A GAME YOU CANT ROTATE 360"
76561198005864671,Not Recommended,235380,17149380,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,^9[JTG]^3FastKill,"Full of Bug Cant Play , Unit AI Move like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Cant play at all . until  fix it  !!!!not recommend."
,Not Recommended,235380,29334151,Posted: 18 January,all,Mr.,"so bin dann auch mal weg.....weiteren Kommentar erübrigt sich..................................""Feedback"" for Blitzkrieg 3 Official  [Entwickler]Sry for, non specifications comment. i know, didnt help you!1 	look 2. ;P2 	gameplay:2.1 	map rotation no 360 degree2.2	need deeper zoom-in (im.a.detail.♥♥♥♥♥) :)2.3	balancing soldiers: move speed to fast opposite Vehicles2.4	balancing soldiers: few health opposite enemy soldier (or every shot a hit?)sniper is high-powered in short attack range2.4.1	balancing soldiers: to much health opposite Vehicles2.5	no repair troops2.6	no supplies2.7	unlimited ammo (dont like this)2.8	no fuel consumptionthats my impression for 90 min playtime, i hope did help youi wait few month... testing again ...maybe"
76561198212063196,Not Recommended,235380,17501568,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Wombat,"Star force driver will not run, unable to get into single player or multiplayer, why will you not send a patch out to fix this, why do we have to troll the web for the answer when you should fix it, I see from all blogs that many user`s are having same problem , many say on line that you are not interested once game purchased,you need to improve your after sales service."
76561198008984783,Not Recommended,235380,17390226,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,-{PsO}- LacraU,not that game.
76561198259918640,Not Recommended,235380,19211680,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,paul.tovey,How do you save gameplay I lost connection to the server and had to start over ?
76561198069812118,Not Recommended,235380,19277527,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,rp.anzob,Return my money...all your updates against the playersthe last updates stupidYour game is a continuous bug
76561198102333078,Not Recommended,235380,19194283,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,euroimportenthusiast,"All I can say is I was rather dissapointed.  I felt very restricted in the user interface.  The load times were painfully long for me, to the point I would crack a smile and think to myself... ""REALLY??"".   I don't like to be told what to do in a game as my only option. Just give a decent sized army and let me start kicking butt.  If there are elements in the game that players really like when taking the time to know this game, they were lost before I could even bear to load the game a second time.I was looking for a game like Suddenstrike.Just not my cup of tea I suppose."
76561197981764687,Not Recommended,235380,15790428,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Buckaroo Bonzai,Well graphics are awsome. but thats it. It has blitzkrieg finger print all over it. Not my type rts. I know why buy it well i was hopeing they kinda moved away from there ideas but nope just a better looking blitkrieg with its early accsess glitches.  NOW there are STRATEGY games i would like to see a little bit taken from 1. Aggression over europe the detail on units and destruction.  2. civilization 5 strategy map and turnbase functions and resourses.  When you attack enemy territory you start an rts battle for that hex. 3. Every thing sudden strike with better graphics that snow drop engine looks good. 4. Command and conquer base building 5. R.U.S.E pull there map view of the battle that view would look awsome when yourr battling in the rts fights. All these parts of theses games would be nice to enhance sudden strike. So sad this will never happen. oh well .
76561198115015887,Not Recommended,235380,18234313,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,66.llnn,all the unit way too small and very incovenience to control them.hard to find my unit etc...
76561198010394793,Not Recommended,235380,29223490,Posted: 13 January,all,Tottom,"Not  easy to keep units safe, the first 2 where we could collect all the items and tanks were awesome... This one is not..."
,Not Recommended,235380,17670634,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,The Knight Who Says Ni,"I have played and loved Blitzkrieg 1 and 2 ever since they came out, and i have to report with a heavy heart that this is the worst RTS game i have ever played. Fans who loved the detail of the 1st and 2nd game will immediately understand how far backward this version has gone. For example, aheavy machine gun can easily destroy a panzer IV in the game. I will grant to Blizkrieg 3's credit that it is still in the early access stage, but i can already tell this game has nothing in common with the ones we have cherished over the years."
76561198155712798,Not Recommended,235380,23264400,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KebabRemoval92,Played 7 mins of it just looked like a chep copy of Company Of HeroesSave Your money
76561198086228915,Not Recommended,235380,21328442,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dreadnought_Nick,"if you have enough patience for frequent crashes and bugs, then this game might be ok."
76561198216101461,Not Recommended,235380,18433443,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,jeffhaddock1,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198079468469,Not Recommended,235380,21336805,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dancingrex,"LOVE RTS GAMES?LOVE BLITZKRIG 1 & 2?LOVE MEN OF WAR?LOVE COMPANY OF HEROS?To bad because instead you get a $30 base building game with no co-op or 1v1 battles.3/10 I thought he campain was fun. i spent over an hour trying to get past the first mission, but beyond that its trash."
76561198124481971,Not Recommended,235380,18536836,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SwingTheDing,30 Euros wasted. Boring and repetitive game. This is NOT BK.
76561198124754750,Not Recommended,235380,18524105,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,wibi100401,Why? this games so many bug
76561198008891017,Not Recommended,235380,18965635,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Spens,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,235380,18859739,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,kdragoon,"Real bad game, much worse than Blizkrieg1 and 2. They changed the way to play Blitzkrieg! This is a big COC! Not even a little WWII"
76561198063012923,Not Recommended,235380,17677341,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,gili29389,"too much bugs , stupid game."
76561198050421640,Not Recommended,235380,18844772,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,johnbendiks,"I loved Blitzkrieg 1 & 2. Best games ever for me. I waited a long time for B3. What a disppointment. Can't play on or offline. Fails to launch and tels me constantly that game already playing (News to me). Tried to return without success. Steam fail to respond when I contact them. I just want to go back to the old days when I load a game and play it without having to put up with all this nonsense. Complete waste of time and money,"
76561198071394069,Not Recommended,235380,31190105,Posted: 16 April,all,eric.torkel,"Wow, this game is  thebiggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever played, i totally kicked this one guys♥♥♥♥♥and it said i was defeated, like, what the ♥♥♥♥?This is an insult to everyone that served in WW2."
76561197981145097,Not Recommended,235380,18772418,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Joergensen,"God dam it,,,they managed to make the game look 15 years old...ok some serious drawbacks listed :1)game speed is to fast: this mean you have no chance using all spesial abilitys with the units and think tacticalThe tanks drives like god dam speed bikes and the soldiers run 100 meter in olympic speed2) grapichs sucks,,,it really sucks it was better with the blitzkrieg 1 series...3) UI looks like something from mid 90s, also ugly graphics4) did i say that the game goes really really fast....."
76561198018618301,Not Recommended,235380,21397054,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,silvercharm10,"Game needs alot of work, why am i fighting Poland as the Germans and the Polish army has more tanks?? More fire power..nothning like attacking Poland with 3 whole tanks...cant wait to fight Russia maybe it will be better ? On to Moscow with 4 tanks...??Wait before buying...then in time it may get better..."
76561197970421645,Not Recommended,235380,21388343,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tim.ocallaghan,Another not very good game..
,Not Recommended,235380,29327554,Posted: 17 January,all,Wuterich,Accidentaly sitting on a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is STILL more satisfying then this game.♥♥♥♥ing clash of clans look a like piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it has as much to do with Blitzkrieg as Islam has to do with peace.
76561198015279772,Recommended,235380,25309053,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,..,"Hey Guys,I want to say that this is my first review I write for a game, I decided to do so because I really like the game and I hate that it gets so many bad reviews. Please note that english is not my native tongueGraphics and A-lifeWhat brought me to buy this games was the wonderful graphics, some people complain that the graphics are outdated or ugly, but I think they are timeless. The world looks just beautiful and there are so many details, there are markings on the tanks, AT Guns, Planes, AA guns lots of beautiful buildings and there are many different buildings. You can find destroyed tanks on the maps showing that there was a fight before you arrived. The buildings are damaged and many vehicles stand around or in barns. In peace time, for example in one of your many bases which can be attacked too, there is alot of scripted things happening, like people repairing Trucks, generators or simply chilling. The Ai is okay, the campaign is very challenging it takes me hours to complete one mission with all 3 Stars.GameplayThe gameplay makes fun but could be improved, some units for example mortars and infatry seem to strong and as this game is early access many things are changing many times. (Frequent Updates!!!) There are alot of different vehicles, at the moment we have the sowjet union, USA and Germany but there are also many tanks from other nations (France, Italy for example.Crashes are rare and happen most of the time when starting the game. I did not have crashes during campaign or Multiplayer which is important because we can't save during campaign at the moment (02.09.2016)User InterfaceI am playing computer games for 12 years now and I have to say that I just love the interface, it's like in the old rts games. Many people complain it's difficult but you just have to try some things out and you will see it's really easy. Micromanagement for units works well but when grouped they tend to act a little dumb.Price30€ is a little bit much I bought my copy in summer sale for 15€ and I would buy it againFunWatch a Stug headshotting a russian soldier, it's priceless xD"
,Recommended,235380,20861997,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Jumpyfish,good for mac. works well. not a lot to do. repetivtive. not a lot of people. friendly people if you see some. can be really fun.
76561198203156652,Recommended,235380,30439000,Posted: 10 March,all,Planty the potted plant,"I've played it for a little while and this is what I can say.The devs listen and it's still getting updated with lovely new content.I'm almost sure the lag issue for me is just because i'm in Texas.Although i'm begging for an offline mode, this is a great game and well worth your money if you're looking for a nice RTS WW2 game that you can go off and on with."
76561198064254143,Recommended,235380,24254002,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Revan,"I'd never played the Blitzkrieg series, though I had heard and seen a lot about it, and upon seeing this I thought now was the time to jump on the bandwagon. First impressions were positive; a decent UI, easy controls and gorgeous graphics (for what it is anyway), after the 1st mission and the invasion of Poland began I barely advanced into the town and units started getting stuck on pieces of rubble, refusing to attack and generally poor performance.I just assumed this was single player bug and decided to jump onto the MP. This was where my opinion of the game plummeted like an asteroid dropping through the atmosphere. WHERE THE HELL WAS THE BRITISH ARMY?!?! Anyway, after going to get a drink and having calmed down a little I, somewhat begrudgingly, selected ""the Allies"" (Nival, hear me out for a moment; IT'S NOT THE ALLIES IF IT'S ONLY THE AMERICANS!!!) First look and clash of clans deja vu started flooding back and whereupon I read through the chat box, others were complaning about this that and the other. I went to have shufti and see what units there were, and lo and behold! ONE BRITISH UNIT! The Churchill. With a dirty great big star on it (Yes I know that's the sign of the Allied exp. force) I couldn't even be arsed to play a battle by this point. The negative waves were too much. So I've gone and applied for a refund. Needless to say, I think I'll leave this alone for a good long time.Update: Now ""SLIGHTLY"" RecommendedSo, I wrote that *cough* review, a fair old while ago now, and given the discount which has fluttered along, I thought that, because I'm naive, that'd give Blitzkrieg another bash. And my oh my how it has come along over the past 9 months. For starters, the gameplay has been smoothed out substantially. It's not perfect, by any means, but units no longer get stuck, campaigns have been added and tweaked and such until they're now in reasonably enjoyable state and just general adjustments here and there to make it playable.Now you might think I'm being a bit harsh, well to tell you the truth, I've been waiting for a WWII RTS game which has enough elements of realism (Tell me on what earth a 37mm can pen a Valentine from the front. I'd REALLY like to know), but retains a good arcade style to it that it can appeal to the mass audience, for YEARS. No don't say Company of Heroes 2, that game is all about humping the fuel point long enough and hard enough until you win through sheer numbers and unbalanced units. Sudden Strike 4 looks decent enough, but the lack of technical gameplay doesnt avail enough for me.Anyway, back to Blitzkrieg 3; The game STILL retains some rather intolerable, if your reasonably learned on WWII, aspects. Such as nations only being the US of A, The USSR and Germany (Tell me what is wrong with that list, I'll wait) and what appears to be the bread and butter of this game; Clash of Clans, Blitzkrieg edition. Ok, perhaps I'm reading this entire game wrong from the start, but it's just my view. And the ATROCIOUS voice ""acting"". But other than that, this game has done ok to pull itself out from the rubble of a Lancaster bombing I gave it last year, but as a nice little distraction until that perfect WWII RTS arrives *cough* Steel Division *cough*, this will tide you over nicely until then.(I cannot speak for the MP as my limited time of repurchasing it hasnt allowed me to play it yet)I would recommend getting it when on sale. Even for 22.99, it's still marginally unpolished state really marks it off for more of a 15 quid game."
76561198056385437,Recommended,235380,29997304,Posted: 17 February,all,Pickin_Chicken(Duck),"Ok this game has its issues but what do you want its ""Early access"" so far with what ive seen the game is really fun with a unique spin on WW2 statagy mixed with a aoe online like macanics, and for the most part the devs do listen to the community on new opions and ideas for future patches and such. over all i give it a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,235380,17462711,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Monten,I changed my review since the update. Game is biased for Soviet Faction (Russian developers). Campaign is screwed forcing people to do singleplayer to collect units.Not recommended!
76561198163777274,Recommended,235380,26414806,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Snevriden117,I really like the game although it's pretty hard. Overall its good
76561198157086298,Not Recommended,235380,25132490,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,frantzeskakhs.xrhstos,"ΔΕΝ ΜΠΟΡΩ ΤΩΡΑ 2 ΗΜΕΡΕΣ ΝΑ ΠΕΞΩ ΑΥΤΟ ΠΟΥ ΘΕΛΩ , ΔΙΟΤΙ ΜΟΛΙΣ ΑΡΧΙΣΕΙ ΤΟ ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ ΚΑΤEΦΘΙΑΝΑΡΧΙΖΕΙ ΜΕ ΤΗΝ HISTORICAL ΕΠΛΟΓΗ !! ΠΑΡΑΚΑΛΩ ΔΟΣΤΕ ΒΟΗΘΕΙΑ ΓΙΑ ΔΙΟΡΘΟΣΗ !ΕΥΧΑΡΙΣΤΩΤΟ ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ ΤΟ ΕΚΡΙΝΑ ΩΣ ΠΟΛΥ ΚΑΛΟ ΕΩΣ ΤΙΣ 20/8/16ΤΟ  ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ  ΕΧΕΙ  ΑΛΑΞΕΙ  ΣΑ ΝΑ ΑΛΑΞΕ  VERSIONΕΩΣ ΤΙΣ 20/8/16 ΗΤΑΝ ΔΙΑΦΟΡΕΤΙΚΟΟΤΙ ΕΠΙΛΟΓΕΣ ΕΙΧΑ ΚΑΝΕΙ ΚΑΙ ΤΟ ΣΗΜΕΙΟ ΠΟΥ ΤΟ ΕΙΧΑ  ΦΤΑΣΕΙ  ΟΛΑΑΥΤΑ ΧΑΘΙΚΑΝ ΜΕΤΑ ΤΙΣ 23/8/16ΤΩΡΑ  = ΔΕΝ  ΕΧΕΙ ΕΝΔΙΑΦΕΡΟΝ = ΜΕ ΤΟ ΝΑ ΜΗ ΜΠΟΡΕΙΣ ΝΑ  ΔΙΑΜΟΡΦΟΣΕΙΣΤΗΝ ΕΞΕΛΙΞΗ ΤΟΥ  ΟΠΩΣ ΤΗΝ ΘΕΛΕΙΣ !!   ΚΑΙ ΟΤΙ ΑΠΟΦΑΣΙΖΑ ΕΓΩ ΤΟ ΠΩΣΘΑ ΕΞΕΛΙΧΘΕΙ Η ΡΟΗ ΤΟΥΤΩΡΑ ΕΤΣΙ ΠΟΥ ΑΛΑΞΕ   ΕΓΩ ΣΧΕΔΩΝ ΔΕΝ ΜΠΟΡΩ ΝΑ ΑΠΟΦΑΣΙΣΩ ΤΙΠΟΤΑΓΙΑΤΙ ΕΙΝΑΙ ΟΛΑ  ΣΧΕΔΟΝ ΠΡΟΑΠΟΦΑΣΙΣΜΕΝΑΔΕΝ ΜΠΟΡΩ ΝΑ ΚΑΤΑΛΑΒΩ ΠΩΣ ΣΥΝΕΒΙΚΕ ΑΥΤΟ !ΔΕΝ ΒΛΕΠΩ ΤΙΣ ΕΠΙΛΟΓΕΣ ΤΩΝ ΣΤΑΤΗΓΩΝ (Χαθικαν) ΠΟΥ ΕΙΧΑ ΔΙΑΛΕΞΕΙ ΣΤΟ ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ   ΤΑ  LEVES  ΠΟΥ ΕΙΧΑ ΦΤΑΣΕΙ ΤΗΝ ΒΑΣΗ  ΚΑΙ ΤΟ ΣΤΡΑΤΟ ΥΠΗΡΧΑΝΕΩΣ ΤΙΣ 20/8/16    ΤΩΡΑ ΤΟ ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ ΕΙΝΑΙ ΑΣΧΕΤΟ ΜΕ ΑΥΤΟ ΠΟΥ ΗΤΑΝ ΠΡΙΝ!!ΕΑΝ ΔΕΝ ΞΑΝΑ ΕΛΘΕΙ ΣΤΗΝ ΑΡΧΙΚΗ ΤΟΥ ΕΚΔΟΣΗ ΟΠΩΣ ΤΟ ΑΓΟΡΑΣΑ ΑΡΧΙΚΑ !!!ΔΕΝ ΑΞΙΖΕΙ ΝΑ ΑΣΧΟΛΙΤΕ Ο ΚΑΘΕ ΕΝΑΣ ΜΕ ΑΥΤΟ !!ΓΙΑ ΕΜΕΝΑ Η ΤΡΕΧΟΥΣΑ ΕΚΔΟΣΗ (ΑΠΟ ΤΙΣ  20/8/16) ΔΕΝ ΑΞΙΖΕΙ ΤΑ ΧΡΗΜΑΤΑ ΠΟΥΠΛΗΡΟΣΑ ΓΙΑΥΤΟ ΤΟ ΛΟΓΟ Η ΚΡΙΤΙΚΗ ΜΟΥ ΤΩΡΑ ΘΑ ΑΛΑΞΕΙ ΣΕ ΠΟΛΥ ΑΡΝΙΤΙΚΗ  ΜΕΧΡΙ ΝΑ ΑΛΑΞΕΙ ΤΟ ΠΑΙΧΝΙΔΙ ΣΤΗΝ ΑΡΧΙΚΗ ΤΟΥ ΚΑΤΑΣΤΑΣΗ ΟΠΩΣ ΤΟ ΗΧΑ ΦΤΑΣΕΙ ΠΡΙΝ ΤΙΣ 20/8/16 !!!ΕΥΧΑΡΙΣΤΩ"
76561198133257200,Recommended,235380,15734718,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Orion Nebula,"RTS for grown-ups is how I would summarize it.I bought this game when it came out, a few years ago, and it was interesting as an asymmetric multiplayer base attack and defense game.Still has that, but wow they added quite a lot of other stuff.Campaign for each of 3 factions, through early, mid, and late war. You build your army by collecting units after winning battles, and they keep their experience and level up over time, getting a little bit better.A skirmish mode against AI that is fairly challenging, but only a capture the flag control point type setup currently - no to the last man kind of battles, but it works well and keeps the games from getting too long and drawn out in this style. Boris is pretty good, can pop up with some surprises and a bear on harder difficulty.Multiplayer custom games, which I don't play, so don't have anything to say about the experience.So much to do in this, you can get lost with which to work on. Setting up base defenses, each unique for the 3 war periods, so 9 total if you hit tier 3 for each faction. Replaying the campaign missions to hit all the accomplishments, or just grinding for better war gear and legendary units you are missing.Etc...This game could easily keep you entertained for 500+ hours, assuming you are looking  for this kind of rts. Hopefully more people are and will wander in here and find this gem of a game, and play it long enough to see what it has to offer.Great job devs, I'd love to see some  modding support to add custom missions and stuff like that, but man I'm already over 100 hours and still messing with things that I haven't touched yet. RTS done well, they took many creative design ideas and stuck 'em out there. I for one appreciate that alone and am really enjoying the game!bye!"
,Recommended,235380,28631661,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ecks Dee,"I know it's very early to review this game, but since I bought it again, I noticed a lot of fixes, optimisation issues and graphical fixes, as well as new units and a higher emphasis on listening to the community. My last review was negative, but I took courtesy and removed the review as it is irrelevant now.Nival, this game is truly a great experience now, but I have one last recommendation, please introduce a steam workshop where people can make new skins for units, change values and revamp the game. I know it's a worry due to the new multiplayer system, but it would make a great game a perfect game.Thanks,Kane"
,Recommended,235380,32259578,Posted: 7 June,all,Dene,"Awsome game,a little more fairness on human side would be good,but a really good game tho."
76561198098085808,Not Recommended,235380,33246108,Posted: 4 July,all,garyvigorito,"Finally after all the years of waiting ! But the wait was worth it for a Blitzkrieg addict or was it? After My initial joy and playing the game for 50 hrs the reality has set in and the flaws are obvious. Two major problems have come up. 1 are the glitches,game freeze and slowdowns. These are technical and should be easy for the company to fix. 2. The game is unrealistically difficult starting at level II. There should be different levels of difficulty and the game should not be on a server."
76561198034211490,Recommended,235380,33735726,Posted: 22 July,all,Mandalore IV,"Overall i give it a 8/10.There is no base building really, however i enjoy the army progression mechanics they have. As you complete missions you recieve new units to use for battle that can be brought from reserves. each unit has a cost and you get more reserve points for completing objectives. Also doing repeatable side missions give you random units of different rarities. Your units will also recieve experience in combat that make them more effective the more you use them."
76561197963816668,Not Recommended,235380,33725553,Posted: 22 July,all,Sergenten,They broke it
76561198105187989,Not Recommended,235380,17745251,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,GERxHood,"Updated 02.07.17Gameplay around 7/10 makes fun but still plays a bit roughGrafic 7/ 10 doesnt look great but dont look cheap as wellStory 5/10 .... i really like the mission and everything but honestly ... US didnt enter war till 1942 but still you have US carrier, planes, flags in all missions from 1940-1942 ..... atleast make it the Allied or something .... giving the us so much credits is wrong in my opinion since they did♥♥♥♥♥♥in the early war !other stuff like connection, lagg, crashing 1/10 .... mostly each 2-3. round it crashes ..... honestly that is pretty poor"
76561198107831836,Recommended,235380,33783586,Posted: 25 July,all,FilthyPeasant,"I haven't played any of the other Blitzkriegs and therefore can not moan and complain about it being different - or worse for most people as it seems. However, that gives me the opportunity to look at the game itself and not at its predecessors.Whoever is looking for a hardcore, to the death RTS, this is not the game for you and I think thats why so many Blitzkrieg Fans are upset about B3. It is a bit arcady, but that makes it a good game to start with RTS.The Error Code many people comlpain about was due to their main server kicking the bucket because so many people tried to login on the free weekend. Kinda embarassing and all, but that problem got fixed and the game is working fine now.But if you are not sure this game is for you, wait until it is on sale and then buy it. The full price is a bit eh."
76561198007208815,Recommended,235380,33799205,Posted: 25 July,all,ogkush1944,Wish you could build bases and earn medal in a career.   Other than that it is pretty good!
76561198007258358,Recommended,235380,33798321,Posted: 25 July,all,Honza85,SAD: Fight with Boris is too short :(
76561198008980274,Recommended,235380,33798437,Posted: 25 July,all,ChatsGames,"Great visuals and a fun game, infantry need a buff though."
,Recommended,235380,32947054,Posted: 28 June,all,Knight Maheruf,"I love this game but only cons are lack of Workshop support and it loves to be online even if it's just a singleplayer .Anyway thats ok about being online but i hope Dev's will add support for workshop so that we can make base builing mod ,custom maps and make it like other RTS"
76561198297489541,Not Recommended,235380,30855907,Posted: 31 March,all,bekecna,advertised free demo where in hell do find it to play and install it
76561198209472935,Not Recommended,235380,24920847,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jenkiwt1,"This will be my second review ever (have owned 150+ games). My first review was on how crappy the early access was for this game.I am making an execption to write b/c dear lord is this a pos. The game itself is fine but it is unplayable and has been so for 2 years. I have excellent pc and internet yet the game is laggy as hell in single player and definitely laggy in multiplayer. The irony is how stupid they were to ruin a possibly good game by getting cute and requiring internet link at all times, really whats the point to make the game ♥♥♥♥♥ier? b/c the constant internet connection in no way improves the game. why not just keep internet connection for multiplayer.... duh!!!! I hope they lose their♥♥♥♥♥on this game which is garbage, also good luck even making it to the main menu b/c guess what you will be in a queue similar to the requests for food during the siege of lennigard to even login to the main menu.I have never been so frustrated by a game in my life and i have played many, its like anti relaxation."
,Recommended,235380,30024876,Posted: 18 February,all,Hrothgan,"Its a solid game.  I like what they did.  It still sort of has the old Blitzkrieg feel.  Infantry are still pretty vulnerable in structures and trenches but far better than in beta.VERY STEEP learning curve.  If you don't know what you are doing at first it is very easy to just give up and quit.  Tough when you change to the new era too because you go up against everything that is better than you.  Personally, I am stuck so I rarely play this game and when I do I just usually quit in frustration.All and all I would recommend it."
76561198034737124,Not Recommended,235380,25332875,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Outlaw (In Poland),"Ridiculous AI, OP enemy units, lack of units at start or as re-inforcements, poor voice acting and objects.This is starting to get very repetetive and can see why they are letting people play for free now, shame this has spanned away from the older games which were brilliant. This is very linear and predictable and if you try to counter that you get a ton of OP enemy tanks as a punishment.Rushed and pushed to release after so long as a early access,Shame really..."
76561198331981010,Not Recommended,235380,35314125,Posted: 29 September,all,jmgaming91,"warning do not buy. game does not work! very dissapointed! started the US campaign, got to the second mission then suddenly a message appears saying lost connection. I click reconnect only for the game to freeze and crash, then i must start from scratch as it wouldnt save. i also believe that was just the introduction tutorial missions! tried again with the German faction, again i had the same issue! anyone else having this issue? really was looking forward to this game!"
76561198012878391,Recommended,235380,35432021,Posted: 2 October,all,bob,awesome
,Recommended,235380,35431669,Posted: 2 October,all,Wet Stapler,"If you like tanks, you'll like this game quite a lot."
76561198115577671,Recommended,235380,35514039,Posted: 6 October,all,Z@ombie69,"I can say that this game if not very well experienced at RTS you will struggle with.I can also  say with even more confidence that you will also die very easily and quickly if you are not experienced when you play on the multiplayer.  I think the campaign is a very good way to get you prepared for Multiplayer to a certain extent as you will have to adjust much like i do to not being able to pause and asess the situation.  While this game is not perfect and is quite a leap from Blitzkrieg 2 (mostly in a good way) i do believe there is much work to be done to further polish and make this game even better.(PERSONAL SUGGESTIONS TO THE GAME FROM NOW ON!!)1.)I would like to see the T28/T95 to have a durability buff seeing as it has only a measly 3000 Durability and i see that it is somehow penetrated rather easily and can get 1 shot by a Maus (if including the 75mm secondary weapon) and if the T28/T95 could also get a better gun than the M6 has (love the M6 btw) because a 76.2mm gun has the same Penetration and same damage as a 105mm gun on a Superheavy Tank Destroyer a whole era above it!! (penetration can stay the same just the damage needs a buff)2.) The T28/T95 is not the only tank that i believe needs a buff but also the T/34-76 ""Heavy Armored Tank"" yet the T34 76 has no more armor than a normal T 34 76 or T34 85 and seeing as it is screened and it's literally in it s name ""Heavy Armored Tank"" i believe that this tank should get a armor buff say ""45mm to 65mm for the front and 55mm for the side and 45mm for the rear but the turret gets 60mm all round"" because right now i have absolutly no reason to use this tank apart from the fact that it looks cooler than the others and has the same durability as a T34 85 but keep in mind that that is barely more than what the 76 has. I would say that in it's current state it is not worth capturing a secret V2 for it :).3.)I would also like to see a menu where you can see the description and statistics of every unit in the game much like the one on Blitzkrieg 1 where even from the start you could see the description and armor profile of the Maus! I always wanted to see what units there are in the game and how many Legendary units there are, it would also help me with knowing how many units i am off of from getting the ""enthusiust"" achievments.4.)I would like for there to be a changed main mission reward checklist (stay with me here) i mean as in i think it is not fair if you finish the mission doing all main objectives and achievments BUT you were not able to get all of the Secondary Objectives SO you can now no longer get the Achievment units even though (theoretically) they are the harder objectives which means its more of a kick in the nuts when you miss than one damn Secondary objective so now you can no longer get the BEAUTIFUL ACHIEVMENT UNITS.(Last One)5.)I would also like to see an update with new units and additional ""deluxe"" missions for each nation rather than just one for each like say 2 or 3 ( dosn't have to be 2 or 3 for each nation can be 2 for one and 3 for another) as i think not only new units would add more replayability to the game for those who have already grinded through most of the units. Adding additional deluxe missions would also add the change to not only get these new units to use but to add more playable content for example a mission where you can use the Karl Gerat and i mean actually use yourself as an actual unit or (this may be met with some salt) where you get to play as the russian side in the capture of ""Dora"" thus missions like these would make getting the deluxe edition of the game more ""worth it"" and ""valuable""Thanks to all the developers who answered my questions and from this will answer or confirm some of the things i have just said and not only that but for making such a great game for the world to enjoy including me. :)"
