user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,235540,32172674,Posted: 4 June,all,A very hot piece of Kek™,"Have you ever sat down and thought to yourself:""Boy, wouldn't it be great if there was something like Left 4 Dead only about x10 as difficult and set in the Warhammer universe""?Because that's basically what this is."
,Recommended,235540,32278429,Posted: 8 June,all,ThunderDuck,"Criminally underrated game.Skill-based, tactical multiplayer rat slaying. What more could you possibly ask for? Extremely satisfying and rewarding when you complete a difficult mission.I give it a strong 9/10Game desperately needs more players ;("
,Not Recommended,235540,26212166,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Cthulhu,"This is going to be both a professional and personal review. However, I do expect elitist fanboys, whom unfortunately plague this community to troll me to no end in here, which I'll gladly ignore.Starting with the game itself, like War of the Roses, was very promising at release. I made sure to support them and bought the Collector's Edition.By the first two months I actually played the game a lot, as you can see from the unlock date of my achievements. Then, like most of its release community I got bored and moved to other games.You can take a look in here for their player activity:http://steamcharts.com/app/235540As you can see, they lost 10 times their player base over a period of a year. And there is a reason for that.Recently, they released an update that was supposed to be a big deal for the game, that is, after 6 months of no development for the PC platform which turned out it was caused by Fatshark focusing on a console release for the game, a game that is plagued by lack of content and tons of bugs that are still present since release.But ok, I did give it another shot and started playing again, and guess what, Quest & Contracts didn't bring anything new to the table, it was just more of the same, grinding in an Action Co-Op game.And not only that, it was a system that any coder could've placed together in one day's work.Meanwhile, as with Fatshark, they broke a bunch of stuff with that update aswell, some of which I'm not even sure if they were already broken before (as I hadn't played the game for a year). Such bugs include Skaven not getting staggered by your attacks and therefore causing you to take damage when attacking, getting stuck while climbing stairs (this is really painful when trying to get back to your group in a horde), Skaven spawning pretty much inside you in ambushes, Hit collisions not properly working (you can miss with the handgun at point blank range for instance), Skaven teleporting when jumping gaps, etc. There is a huge bug list on Reddit if you wanna take a look yourself.Said list can be found here:https://www.reddit.com/r/Vermintide/comments/4scxwb/the_grand_list_of_many_bugs_updatedMind you, it doesn't include all the bugs, but it's a good list nevertheless.As for balance, the game remains the same broken mess that it was back at release. Some weapons are too effective while others are pretty much useless (you could play with them, but you would be so much less effective).Since I was pretty much done waiting for Fatshark to solve those issues and balance problems, I decided to take the matter into my own hands.Got my hands into the dumped and decompiled Lua Scripts that the game uses and started rebalacing some of the more weak weapons and trinkets, small changes as to prevent me from changing the game too much.I also started fixing things that Fatshark didn't care to fix, like the Town Meeting Bronze achievement, a pretty much one line fix that was taking more than 2 months for Fatshark to fix and is still not fixed by the date of this review.But here is where I was a fool, when I tried to share my progress with the community as to allow them to give the game another try with some of the rebalances and fixes. Hell, I was even listening to their feedback and considering some of the ideas.Got trolled, name called and worse of all, my thread got deleted by Fatshark. Apparently they don't support modding even if you are the one doing all the work and using third-party tools to do it.You can take a look here and see for yourself:http://steamcommunity.com/app/235540/discussions/1/333656722984457742/Unfortunately, you will find a lot of those while playing the game and you can do a search on 'toxic community' with results dating back to the game's release.They also tend to ragequit when things don't go their away, forcing the game to restart the map when the host leaves (something Fatshark never cared to solve).The game also lacks server support, you either try your luck and join someone's else lobby, or you try hosting it yourself.Overall, only buy this game IF you are really into its concept (although it's pretty much a ripped off Left 4 Dead with a higher focus on melee combat, even the specials are pretty much the same), you've friends to play it with and it's on a pretty good sale.Don't expect custom community content, ever. You are at the mercy of Fatshark for fixes and content, where they fail in both departments.Also, expect heavy RNG grinding to get what you want, and even then it's more likely that you will quit the game before ever attaining it. This game isn't an RPG, it isn't a MMO, and yet have one of the most abysmal grinding systems I've ever seen.PS: I've been programming for over a decade and modding games for almost as much. If there is one thing that I truly despise are developers lacking vision and not only not supporting modding officially, but also killing any unofficial modding attempts. This game doesn't have PvP, it isn't an e-sports game and would greatly benefit from modding.If you can't take my word for it, you can take a look at Left 4 Dead 2's population, a game 6 years older than Vermintide, but a game where modding is not only supported but encouraged:http://steamcharts.com/app/550"
,Recommended,235540,19109381,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Flamov,"One of my personal 'sleeper hits' of this year. Basically Left 4 Dead with classes, a loot system and fantastic melee combat. Very satisfying as I have been yearning for something to fill the void that Left 4 Dead left many years ago. It's a little rough around the edges at times (bugs, questionable design choices, glitches etc.) but for the majority of the time it's very good fun. Even more so on higher difficulties – Left 4 Dead became a cakewalk after several months even on 'Expert'/'Hardcore', while the highest difficulty ('Cataclysm') in Vermintide is seemingly impossible (which is a good thing)!I really, really,reallyhope they keep working on the game, because it's so much fun when it works! There's a lot of things to fix that are shying regular and new players away, but I believe if those things are fixed this game could very well be one of the most enjoyable co-op survival games in recent memory. Looking forward to seeing what happens in terms of new content too!"
,Recommended,235540,18689044,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Fartjoke,"""It's not about killing rats, it's about protecting three idiots that do everything in their power to die.""Jokes aside, Vermintide is a great L4D clone that focuses on melee combat and has some pretty neat RPG elements in the game. Different characters with specific weapon classes, loot, and an interesting mechanic you gotta utilize if you want better loot. Game is gorgeous, fun, and a blast totally worth the price tag."
,Recommended,235540,34630805,Posted: 31 August,all,Balaam's ass,"At 525 hours, I finally feel competent to give a decent review of this game.First of all, you don't spend 525 hours playing something that sucks, so this is a thumbs UP review right off the bat.ParticularsSOLO PLAYYes, it's good as a solo game - but while you can have a lot of fun with it, you're seriously missing out on the core of the game's teamwork regarding the utility of other players and things that can be learned by sharing knowledge of gear, maps, tactics, playstyles, trinket combinations, buff uses, terrain quirks, and every other aspect of a game whose play area covers the equivalent of several square miles in several scenarios.  It's also fairly impossible to know how good (or bad) you really are until you have seen people better than you are carry a whole event by themselves, then rescue the rest of the party, then carry the scenario finale solo again, then politely tell you ""gg""... or ruthlessly tear you up and down for your many, many deficiencies.Regarding Steam achievements, while youcancomplete every scenario in solo play (except finding the Trials of the Foolhardy; that simply requires four players to unlock), there's no such thing as getting even close to all of the achievements because several of them require events in different areas of the map to happen at the same time.MULTIPLAY COOPFirst of all, YES there is friendly fire - and it's not very friendly!  That said, it's not usually very bad, either.  New players will be infuriated by being hit in the back and spinning around to see what's behind them, only to be hit from the opposite direction by the rat your ally was aiming for.  Learning with friends and as a team will minimize this aspect of frustration, and is much better than PUG groups as a rule, but you can always meet some amazing players if you're willing to go out there and play in the open.  Privacy settings allow any player to do either, and open lobbies (for those who choose that setting) allow players to choose groups in the scenarios they desire to play.I've run the gamut of encounters with the community, from juvenile delinquents essentially performing a hit-and-run leet no-scope flameout because they are in it for the lulz (rare, in my encounters), to the adult, mature gamer who is willing to stick with you and take a couple of beatings just to carry the team through for new cata players.  It's a mixed bag, but usually it seems people just want to have fun.  Since there's no versus mode (other than getting drunk in the inn, and fistfighting for bruises - which is hilarious, since the characters curse at each other while doing it) there's very little rq or angst, other than someone abandoning a group.Coordinating a group to use various abilities and buffs is a big part of the game, since a healing focus character with appropriate trinkets (gear) can keep a whole party healed IF the rest of the party allows them to pick up healing packs and draughts - and a potion sharing character with a chance to not consume the potion can share it again (and again, and again...) if they have access.  Same with bombs.RANDOM/OTHERAs compared to L4D2 I find VT to have far superior melee options, which for me is the deciding factor in what makes the game better.  In many other regards, the specials, hordes, and Rat Ogre are all analogous to their counterparts and provide challenge based on their number, spawn and direction of approach, and of course, difficulty setting.Each character has a selection of weapons that are effective at range and up close, and each gear has between 0 (basic gear) and 3 (elite gear) traits that can be unlocked.  These include things like push without using stamina, projectiles split into two shots, and does more damage from behind, and there are a lot of good guides explaining the strengths and uses of good combinations.The only outstanding point regarding characters is that many noob players like the elf because she's basically artillery.  Word to the wise: learn a different starting character; you'll find more groups.  Anyone can learn the elf later because... well, she's basically artillery.Great job on this game, Fatshark - and I look forward to VT2 in the future."
,Recommended,235540,22820713,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kaptin Blackheart,"Yes it's Left 4 Dead with Skaven instead of zombies. (and loot)Doesn't stop it from being one of the most fun co-ops I've played.The mechanics of the different classses demand a little more teamwork than L4D, and allow for a good bit of creativity in playstyles."
,Recommended,235540,19486340,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ǺƦƦǾ₩,"""I'm a big fan of ""Left 4 Dead"" and spent lots of time playing this awesome game with my friends! I began my review exactly from saying few words about l4d,because ""Vermintide"" is somehow alike in co-operative mode. But it still differs from l4d. The point is the same, you are 4 brave warriors in game and no one but you can stop flooding monsters(different kinds) from the dark places.   You have to stop'em,complete various missions,save the world and obviously survive. There are more than 25 gaming locations. They're big and look really nice ,no doubts. The game's graphics are awesome. More over there are 5 vivid characters which have got unique abilities and you can choose one of them. The game is based on melee combat, so if you're keen on swords,daggers,axes etc. you will definitely like it. Btw,there's a pleasant thing-crafting...and some other cool stuff! In conclusion I wanna emphasise this is not a clone of ""Left 4 Dead"". Though you can see some close similar features,this game is different and interesting in its own way. After all,you like co-op games?So go for it,it's worth to play..."""
76561197993416984,Recommended,235540,31366742,Posted: 25 April,all,Twinkles the Chinchilla,"It's been said before, (by Arch Warhammer, I believe), that Vermintide is the only good thing to come out of the Warhammer Fantasy Battles ""End Times"" lore. I can agree with that.I went in to Vermintide as something of a doubter, thinking, ""How much fun could killing rats be?"". As it happens, the Skaven are fantastic foes and Vermintide, while fairly straight forward, is a very good game.The Pros:-Combat is Meaty and Intense.-The Dialogue, both from the Skaven and Heros, is masterful: both in writing and delivery.-Learning how to play is nuanced and based in rhythm and skill, as well as map familiarity.-The Skaven are both comical and monsterous, with a sort of Lovecraftian overtone, providing satisfaction in their destruction.-The Hero Characters have distinct personalities and secrets, with many of those stories being suggested instead of explained plainly. Their interplay and banter is superb, delivering both lore and hinting at unusual personality traits. Furthmore, they're believable, with temperment changes based on circumstances- the normally boastful elf can be forced to plead for aid if downed, the normally polite Sergeant can become short-tempered if injured, etc. For a horde game, the characters are nuanced in a fashion that Bioware struggles for these days.-The visuals are excellent in a sort of Gothic Horror-Gone-Renaissance fashion. While not the most high resolution in texture, you won't likely have time to notice and performance is relatively clean and fluid.-The audio is good with solid musical scores and sound effects: you really feel that shield smacking skaven skull.-As of this date, (4/25/17), the game is largely bug free. There are some, still, however.-New In-Game Lore Book is a handy way to learn Warhammer Fantasy Lore and gives additional incentive to play.-DLC is either free or allows non-owner players to join DLC owners, which doesn't lead to a map bottleneck. DLC owners will still exclusively have access to DLC Bounties, weapons, and starting DLC map games.-Special Vermin force the players to mix up tactics.Cons:-Certain map features can hinder player movement, like cobblestones and debris sticking up. At best, this is an irritation; at worst, it can get you killed.-Occasional crashes, (fairly rare)-Skaven transitioning terrain, (climbing up over ledges, and such), do not react to croud control which can royally screw your team over, should said rats attack immediately upon standing up-Weapon stats are far more complicated that shown in-game, forcing the player to either find other sources of information, (i.e., YouTube), or discover by trial-and-error-Gameplay is heavily team oriented and there are a remarkable amount of garbage players. I guess you can't blame the game for this, but it is still a reality of Vermintide.-Player numbers are not amazingly high, so some hours will have player shortages, (like Weekday early mornings), while other times will have high numbers, (Weekends).-Only 2 gameplay modes and new weapons are the only real incentive for playing, limiting gameplay longevity.-No real class systems to enrich the game; just weapon types.-Skaven physics can glitch out.-Not worth the full price IMHO.-In-game voice-over-IP could use additional options.Note, while I have a large list of Cons, they are large in quantity, not quality. Would I recommend Vermintide? Yes, but primarily when on sale. With only two game modes and loot being the primary incentive to keep playing, the game can grow stale faster than most. Still, it's a unique experience and what is there is extremely well crafted."
76561198135144548,Recommended,235540,18508031,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MolonLabe0928,"Left 4 Dead meets Warhammer: Online meets a quick start RPG.PROS-good set of loot drops for each class (rolls based on performance in each mission)-each class has at least 2-3 different style of play to them with both close quarters to ranged.-Skaven AI is very, very good. Even on easy.-Visceral, first person combat.-Amazingly fun.-difficulty curve is just right.-light crafting mechanicCONS-hitboxes can feel a bit weird at times, meaning you sometimes miss shots you expect to hit and vice versa.-small bugs exist but are rapidly addressed by the developers (so this is more of a neutral item)-Only 5 classes at launch (although see above about differing playstyles for each class).Do I recommend this game? Yes. If you love Warhammer and you liked/enjoyed games like L4D, pick this title up. Even if you don't know a thing about Warhammer, it's still a fun title."
,Recommended,235540,23271249,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dog,"Really sick of stupid people with under 1 hour of gameplay saying 'it's a dumb game, what a rip off, same as Left4Dead.""This game is an absolute blast, two things that make this a lot more fun and ramp up the replayabiliy:A level up systemA loot systemThe loot system consists of 5 different rarities:White - Nothing specialGreen - One special 'trait'Blue - Two special 'traits'Orange - Three special trats.  These are known as 'exotics'.  Most people will have this as their best gear.Red - Very, Very rare.How do you get items?There are 2 types of basic levels, not sure if they have any 'official' names but for simplicity sake I'll just call them small and normal maps.Small maps are maps with short objectives and are relatively easy to play.Normal maps usually have 3 tomes and 2 'grimores'- Tomes:  They take up your third slot which is used for health potions/med kits (and if you press and hold right click you can endlessly annoy your friends and constantly ask them if they have time for the lord jesus christ.- Grimores: This is where it gets good.  A grimore takes up the potion slot - but here's the catch.  If you have one grimore, everybody's health bars are cut a 4th.  And if you have 2, it'll 4th it again.  Ultimate risk vs reward.At the end of the round you get dice to roll and based on how many tomes/grimores/loot die (random drop from lucky sack rat).  You get better dice with a higher % to roll a loot icon when you roll.  Normal Dice give a 33% chance at a loot icon, I believe the Loot dice give 50% chance, tomes give 66% to show a loot icon and the grimore has 100% chance to show a loot icon.  When you get your first great roll it becomes addicting and it's quite a rush.So, please tell me, to the ♥♥♥♥heads that discounted this game so quickly.  Most of you only have not even one hour, can you really, REALLY experience the above, which really sets this game far apart from left 4 dead in so many good ways, in not even an hour?  Here's the answer: Hell no.  You'll spend a lot of time looking for the tome and grim locations and even if you googled it you might have completed one, but you are probably part of the generation that doesnt give a game a fair shot and discount it quickly (probably the same people that will downvote a game because they can't run it because they didn't check their system requirements).  The point of a review is to be helpful, not to look at the face of a game play it for a couple of hours and call it a rip off.I can think of a few reasons why people would disount this so quickly:-This game can be challenging-It requires teamwork (GUARANTEE you at least half of the negative nancies ran off alone)-There are several other systems in crafting they didn't want to learn/didn't even know they were there (re-rolling traits entirely, re-rolling %'s on them, 'praying' for new exotics with the right currency, ec)-They have no friends to play this with - and this is a fun game.I hope you took the time to read this, because if you did then you are sitting here looking at these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ negative reviews about 'direct ripoff' and going ""I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ you are talking about"" like me just because a few of the same type of characters are the same.The devs are good people, they are hard working and the content they create is BEAUTIFUL. Don't let a few children skew your thoughts when they've only played 1-2 hours."
,Recommended,235540,34269499,Posted: 15 August,all,Biribiri,"you play as 5 unique cosplayers on their way to the new york city comic-con BUT, the only form of transportation is the MTA subway. now you must fight your way to the ends of the tunnels against new yorks insanely huge rats and hope that you'll make it in time for the convention before your costume gets dirty"
76561198048974498,Recommended,235540,28255918,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,rjmacready,"Finally...someone has made a horde-rushing co-op and/or single-player game vaguely comparable in quality to Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2. And all it took was the momentous decision to NOT set it in a zombie apocalypse!Admittedly, that's just about the only ""innovation"" this game displays. It even has a stand-and-survive-then-get-in-a-rescue-vehicle scenario at the end of each mission, and Rat Ogres posing as slightly-less-deadly ""tanks"". But this really is all the innovation that it needs. Good, gory fun, with oodles of character and humour, and simple maps and objectives which even a cretinous rat-man could get his head around.If you've been looking for the next Left 4 Dead, and have pretty much given up on waiting for Left 4 Dead 3 like everyone else, it really couldn't hurt to give this one a go (unless you particularly hate the emphasis being on melee weapons rather than ranged; in which case, you may still want to wait another decade or three 'til Valve gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together).Easily the best multiplayer game I've played in a loooong time (since Payday, easy). And I don't even LIKE ♥♥♥♥ing multiplayer games that much.Verdict: 9/10."
76561198029736632,Recommended,235540,18514014,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,§Teras§,"Do you like Left 4 Dead?Do you like games which embrace action with RPG?Do you like crafting and upgrading your weapons?Do you like killing endless waves of enemies which react responsively to each hit?Do you like random events which makes every match unique?Do you like playing with dumb teammates that often get you killed and then tell you to go f*ck yourself?Do you like Victorian architecture, which seems very similar to Bloodborne?Do you like a game that doesn't hold your hand?Do you like dice?Do you like getting rewards at the end of each round?If you answered the first question as a ''yes'', don't worry about the others. Just get your wallet and buy the damn game!9/10"
,Recommended,235540,20263301,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,StrikeR,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a co-operative first person action game developed and published by Fatshark studio. The game is best described as Left 4 Dead set in the Warhammer fantasy universe with a much heavier emphasis on melee combat, with a few extra bells whistles added to the mix.The core mechanics are solid and robust, and the weapons feel enjoyable and satisfying. You can really feel the weight of the two handed hammer and the damage it causes when you pulverize a Stormvermin with a charged attack. Do not worry if you’re not a fan of bulky, blunt weapons however, as the game features five heroes on launch, each with unique playstyles and specialized equipment to aid them in combat. For example, the Waywatcher, Kerillian, uses her bow to pick off unaware targets from afar but can also get up close and overwhelm her enemies with her signature twin Elven daggers. On the other hand, Sienna Fuegonasus, the Bright Wizard, would rather use her staff to rain fiery death upon her foes, decimating the Skaven rank one fireball at a time, so no matter what your combat style is, there is a hero build for everyone.The loot system for many players would be the primary motivation to keep on playing the game. Every time you emerge victories, you’re given a chance to roll for a new piece of equipment, completing side objectives such as securing tombs, the infamous grimoires as well as winning on higher difficulties will give you a better chance at securing a rarer loot. Rarer equipment comes with better stats as well as additional passive traits which in turn will give you the much needed edge on the blood soaked battlefield.With a diverse hero selections also comes a good selection of enemy types, Stormvermins acts as the shock troops of the Skaven army, soaking up damage with their heavy armour and dishing out punishment with their long reaching halberds, while the Poison Wind Globadiers lobs poisonous globes to deny key chock-points and areas. At the while Gutter Runners and Packmasters tries to pick off vulnerable party members under the cover of Ratling Gunner’s unrelenting gunfire, and if all else fails, the Rat Ogre will be called upon the battlefield, a formidable enemy that can devastate all but the most organized teams. When it all comes together, the combat is hectic, bloody and extremely rewarding.Having said that, Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide in and of itself is quite a repetitive game, you can finish all the thirteen missions that were offered on launch within eight hours or so, and thus relies on players to replay missions to acquire better loots in order to tackle the same missions on higher difficulties. Some would find this tedious and uninteresting, which is perfectly understandable, but for the others, this can be compelling and satisfying, you’ll have to ask yourself if you enjoy this type of gameplay.To conclude, Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide is a mechanically sound game with excellent combat and challenging game-play, and best played with a group of friends as teamwork is the key to success. The random loot drop system will keep players entertained should they don’t mind replaying the same missions over and over again for progression. That, and the competitive launch price of $29.99 USD or your regional equivalent, makes this title worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,235540,23487854,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"I have enjoyed playing this game.  However, I can't recommend it.  It does deserve more than a joke review, so I'll give it that.The good stuff:- The graphics are nice, the character designs are good, the gore is phenomenal.  A lot of love and attention went into this stuff, and it's appreciated.  I especially like that instead of being idealized fantasy heroes, the characters are all a bunch of beat up, dirty, insane murderers.  It's a nice change of pace from your typical fantasy game.- Nice weapon variety and the push mechanic is great.  Overall, the combat mechanics actually work pretty well.- Some of the levels are quite good.- You can pick up a sack of grain and score touchdowns while stiff-arming kids like Bo Jackson.- The game is challenging, and the grimoire pickups serve as risk/reward enhancers, once you've learned where they are on each level.- 4 player cooperative games of this sort are just plain fun.  It's a strong genre.The bad stuff:- The loot system is terrible.  Terrible.  Terrible.  I don't have words for how terrible it is, because it's so terrible.  At the end of each level, you roll for completely random items, with bonuses to your rolls based on whether or not you picked up tomes (which take up your health item slot) and grimoires (take up your boost potion slot and lower the party's health).   You then roll dice to see what kind of item you get, with better rolls giving you higher quality items.Then you have to unlock item attributes by dismantling other items and using the shards to unlock the abilities.  Then you can reroll the item attributes by spending more shards.  Then you can try to improve the attribute % chance to activate by spending more shards.  All of this is totally random.  It's all dice, for everything.So if you want to get a specific type of weapon with specific attributes, you have to keep grinding it out until you get the specific type of weapon you wanted, and then you're at the mercy of the RNG to keep grinding and dismantling until you can get the attributes you want, and then boost their percentages.  It's awful.  It's awful.  It's awful.It's frustrating, and it gates difficulties off from individual players, which is the worst thing you can ever do in a 4 player cooperative game that people are playing with their friends.  The massive difference in efficiency between a character who has Bloodlust and Berserking/SwiftSlaying/Devastating Blow and one who doesn't isn't a matter of skill, it's a matter of grinding through the stupid loot system.Oh, and there's not even an option to take something 'worse' than what you got.  You literally can't even choose to take the consolation prize when it turns out to be better than the grand prize.   How did anyone think this was a good system?- The weapon balance and movesets are often curiously bad.  For instance, why did they even bother giving the soldier the single cudgel weapon?  Why would you ever bother with the Waywatcher's Shortbow?  I never see experienced players using these weapons, because they just plain stink.  Yet they're there in the loot table, and you can wind up getting them on a 'good' roll.Oh, and why the heck do the shield combo weapons use a shield bash as the power attack?  What is the point?  The shield bash moves are terrible, and everyone hates them, and they don't make any sense in the first place.- Enemy design is very hit and miss.  Rat Ogres spawn randomly in each level, and one of the first things you learn on Nightmare (where there is friendlyfire) is that if you run into a Rat Ogre in certain confined spaces, you just got plum screwed and you'd better hope for a lucky instakill proc (if you have that trait on your weapon!).    It's nonsensical.- Some of the levels are just frustrating to play, and not fun.  For instance, in the White Rat mission you have to run barrels through these tiny, narrow chokepoint corridors where rats never, ever, ever stop spawning.  And if you take even one hit from a rat, the barrel catches fire.  I've beaten the mission, but there's a reason nobody ever wants to play it: because it sucks.As a last point, the current pricing of this game is ridiculous.  $30.00 for a multiplayer coop game that only has a handful of missions and what is essentially a terrible F2P progression system, and they want $10.00 for a DLC that adds a couple more missions?  Nope."
,Recommended,235540,19407138,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,凤凰,"A very co-op intensive game that never lets up in terms of action and combat. It is most enjoyable when played with friends while communicating on voice chat.Vermintide has a heavy emphasis on melee combat with ranged weapons being more reserved for sniping and situational combat scenarios. So be prepared to hack and slash your way through hordes of rat monsters most of the time.The gameplay mechanics are very well-balanced and have been refined to play smoothly. There are a number of quirks regarding the range of the special rats, notably the Packmaster, but I suspect these issues will be fixed over time by the game developers.Overall, difficulty-wise, when I first started Vermintide, I thought that the hardest difficulty level: Cataclysm was undoable. However, once I fully understood the game's combat mechanics, rhythm and tactics & strategies, I realised that this game simply requires combat skill, timing, positional awareness and a good communicative team to complete it on any given map and difficulty setting.Now, having completed the game and cleared everything, I await to see what new content Vermintide will receive with its upcoming patches and DLCs."
76561198006109090,Recommended,235540,18582763,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Teddy Spaghetti,"In a word where people complain when games have the slightest thing in common, one company has the courage to say ""Hey, Left 4 Dead and Chivalry were both really good. Let's combine them both and put them in a Warhammer universe! What? Deny that we're taking inspiration from them? Why would we do that? Wear it on our sleeves! It's not shameful to take inspriation from the leaders of two genres. Hell, L4D2 came out six years ago. A decent Horde mode game hasn't been made in ages!""And turn out to be one of the best damn games I've played in a very long time.This Winter, coming to a computer near you: ""Isn't Warhammer that universe you're always talking about? Why are people playing this so much? I've never heard of it."""
,Recommended,235540,18948187,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zuikaku,"In Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide, you play as one of the five unique heroes and work together with up to three other players in a fictional town named Ubersreik to save the town by doing various missions while killing every Skaven (rat-men) that gets in the way.While showing many similarities to Left 4 Dead series, Vermintide differs in the sense that it puts a lot of emphasis on melee combat, kind of like Chivalry. Ranged combat is possible but there are a lot of restrictions, mainly the limited amount of ammunition you get.Pros* Character interactions with each other showcases their unique personalities nicely, rather than just five generic characters that looks different* Having many ways (decapitation, caving heads, explosives, etc) to kill rats is satisfying* Collecting books and grimoires adds challenge regardless of difficulty, and can improve loot quality* Levelling also rewards you with loot, so your progression isn't halted should you find yourself not winning often.* Different characters having different playstyles adds variety and replayability* Rat Ogres make L4D Tanks look like babiesCons* Cannot sprint - You will have to rely on your own dodging and parrying skills if there are no one to cover you* Optimisations need improvement - CPU/graphic card usage remains high even for high-spec computers* Matchmaking is 'First come, first serve' rather than lobby browsing (You deal with the same people for a particular map until slot is filled, forcing you to play different map or host your own lobby).* Weapon balancing needs work, some weapons are underpowered making them undesirable* No shared equipment besides trinkets (already somewhat rare itself depending on luck)* Rewards don't fully justify difficulty - Common weapon is possible reward for nightmare/cataclysm difficulty* Unpredictable spawns can feel rather punishing at times even on easier difficulties* Bot intelligence makes solo play rather unfun* Curse those near unstoppable, physics defying Zeratul rats- Oh sorry wrong game, I meant Gutter RunnersDespite these flaws, Vermintide is still very promising as the development is very active, and you can expect a lot of these issues to be resolved in the upcoming updates."
76561198020895205,Recommended,235540,18701113,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,♘Stryder♘,I feel the game overtaking me...it is a good pain!
,Recommended,235540,23258076,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Rats Chats,"Vermintide has, in my opinion, the best first person melee combat in gaming. There is a depth to the mechanics of attacking, dodging, blocking, and pushing that makes mastering the combat a very enjoyable and rewarding experience. Couple this with the varied ""pacing engine"" which makes every run different, and smashing rats just never gets boring.There are some intense difficulties available, if you have friends who love a challenge, and are brave enough to try beating the game on it's hardest settings, you're going to have some great team experiences and very memorable moments.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,235540,18570315,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Chocolate Kex,"In short: Wait and see how it is after release unless you're willing to endure crashes, bugs and poor performance.The game is actually great, not very innovative, but what it does it does very well.Did you like Left4dead2? Then you'll most likely like this game. This game borrows a lot from L4D2, so i will be comparing the two. It's the same basic formula, 4 people cooperatively advance through a semi-open map trying to achieve an objective, encountering enemies along the way. Some enemies appear randomly at random times, so you don't always know what to expect. There are several different enemy types to spice things up.What is does different from L4D2 is classes and melee, melee is the focus of the game. All classes have ranged and melee attacks, although your ranged attacks are limited by ammo or energy, which you can resupply by exploring the enviroment to find supplies. The melee feels heavy and responsive, it's also diversive and most importantly, fun.Classes could be more specialized and diverse in my opinion, but they still all offer enough to make them unique. They are customizable as well, so you can actually attempt to specialize them to your liking.The loot system is a hit and miss, depending on who you ask. It's random, and the only thing you can semi-control is how good your odds are. I'm not the biggest fan of that, but i can't argue with the gambling feeling of rolling the dice. You also get no loot if you fail the level, so you can spend 20-30 minutes only to loose in the final fight and get nothing but XP, or as in my case, the game crashing or losing connections, or the host leaving, which is a poor design, let someone else take over the host. So, it's subjective, i guess, you be the judge.However, it's buggy, very buggy. I have a 50/50 chance of the game crashing when i play. I seem to encounter the same bug over and over, that is the game crashing when i fire a weapon. There are also other less severe yet still annoying bugs. The game runs decent, but not nearly good enough to be acceptable.Mind you, the game is to release in 4 days, and i honestly don't see how they can fix all the issues before that. So i'd advice you to wait and see after release.All in all, huge potential, great core features, fun gameplay and well crafted from the ground up. But yet again, unstable at the moment.I give it a thumbs up despite the problems solely because it's still in Beta, problems like this at launch (or soon after) are unacceptable and i will change the review to a thumbs down if they're not properly handled.Edit: Since this is getting some views which didn't expect, i cleaned up the grammar a bit and clarified a few points for easier reading. I did not change anything significant that could affect the conclusion of the review."
,Recommended,235540,28837452,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,croutons5,"This ""review"" serves more as a comparison guide for those who have played the Left 4 Dead series in deciding whether they might like Vermintide or not, rather than an actual review.Similarities-Amount of players:Much like the Left 4 Dead series, the maximum amount of players allowed in one game session is four players.-Special enemies:The special enemies in Vermintide are very similar to those in the Left 4 Dead series, with minor differences. The Globadier, comparable to Spitter. The Runner, to Hunter. The Packmaster, to Smoker. The Rat Ogre, to Tank.-Characters:Similarly, the characters in Vermintide are all unique from each other, have amusing voice lines and have interactions with each other time to time. Though in Vermintide, there are five playable characters instead of four.Differences-Levelling and progression systemVermintide has unique equippable weapons and trinkets, offering different combat styles, that you unlock through levelling or completing a mission.-Melee-focused combatWhile the Left 4 Dead series offered melee weapons for the players to use, Vermintide emphasises the use of melee weapons by having limited ammo and a wide variety of weaponry especially for melee. Vermintide also has blocking, shoving, dodging, normal attacks and charged attacks within their melee system as opposed to Left 4 Dead's normal attack and shoving only.-Purchasable DLCVermintide offers purchasable downloadable content as opposed to how every official content was free in the Left 4 Dead series. However, looking through the downloadable content for Vermintide, there doesn't seem to be any must-have DLC packs as they mostly add more maps and some weapons. For me, this is a good thing as those who look to buy the DLC packs are often people who want more gameplay time or support the developers, unlike in games like Payday 2 where some DLC packs are an absolute must-have in order to play on the higher difficulties or have an easier experience.-Replay valueIn the Left 4 Dead, the replay value lies within its simple and basic gameplay where anyone can pick it up and play with their friends without having to worry about the trending strategies or 'meta' or having a big difference in level or weapon arsenal. Another thing that makes people play more and more of Left 4 Dead 2 is the Steam Workshop support the game has, with the community creating their own content for the game, most notably the custom maps and campaigns. While in Vermintide, there is no Steam Workshop support or community mods, the replay value lies within the difficulty, loot and collectables of the game. For the difficulty factor, it's more towards those who seek more challenge on the maps they have already played, better loot and experience or both. In order to play on a higher difficulty, you'd need to complete the map on the previous difficulty to unlock that difficulty for that map (Hard in order to unlock Nightmare). As for loot and collectables, you get more loot as you complete more maps and you can increase the loot quality by collecting 'Tomes' and 'Grimoires' in which you'd need to hold onto them until the end of the level.-System requirementsOf course, one thing to note is that the Left 4 Dead is well optimised and can even run on most, if not any low-end hardware. While in Vermintide, the game is more demanding of hardware.Is it a sequel to Left 4 Dead 2? No.Is it a Left 4 Dead clone with modern video game elements and a more in-depth melee combat? Yes."
76561198023067330,Recommended,235540,18672580,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,✘Strychnine✘,"Vermintide:Mom and dad, what's my story?Left 4 Dead:Well son, me and your mother, we met at this place called ""Ubersreik"", it is a nice place.Payday 2:Oh yes, that place is beautiful, and the architecture, oh my god! Your father was such a charming guy!Left 4 Dead:In fact, your uncle Diablo introduced me to your mother.Payday 2:Of course he did! You were too shy!Left 4 Dead:And then, one thing led to another at this hotel called ""Warhammer"" and you were born!Vermintide:Such a sweet story! And you two are so beautiful, but which one of you do I resemble the most?!Left 4 Dead:Well son, you are really lucky. You are like a mixture of best things that we, me and your mother, that is, have. You are humble, that means you are giving alot of stuff to everyone. Loot, that is. You are cooperative with others. You are smooth, beautiful and your mind is like one big open area. However, you are very brutal. Your love for blood and gore is scaring us. However, the way you are crafty, that means that you can craft and upgrade your toys is just beautiful. Just like your mother and uncle.By now, you know what the deal is. This is probably the best game that came out this year. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,235540,33536221,Posted: 14 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Horde-modes over the years have been described as throw-away asset-reused content as well as being dominated by two of its biggest successes, Killing Floor and Left 4 Dead. Even when these games innovate, people will often categorize every game into a KF clone or a L4D clone despite creating unique experiences like the appeal of heists in PayDay 2. The biggest deciding factor of what makes a quality horde-mode game is not their reliance on friends to make these games compelling but how the gameplay enforces cooperation with moments of hard-won victories and utter disasters that make even the saltiest of defeats entertaining.While Warhammer: End Times does enough to separate its identity as a L4D-clone, its greatest appeal is how it incorporates a dungeon-crawler experience because of its emphasis on melee-combat and level-design. To an extent, each mission feels part of a greatest hits album of traditional tabletop adventures from plundering into the foulest of dungeons to the grandeur of siege-battles and to the scavenging retreats from another close-call. Even when limited by the base game’s thirteen missions, no two missions feel exactly alike in structure or visuals, and the DLCs continue to broaden the variety that sets WET into a league of its own.No, There Are No Safes & DrillsAs perhaps most people are concerned with the DLC practices, it’s important to highlight them to allay fears of WET becoming another Pay Day 2. Most for sale are level-packs, of which I own all but Stormdorf, offering between two to three levels in new regions which may utilize new challenges/gimmicks to continue the variety along with a few new weapon drops. (There is also an additional survival mode.) These DLCS require one player to own the content, so if you are playing with friends these can bought among them. Including these DLCs, there are free updates such as a lore book, a bounty system, a transmutation system, etc. These serve to rebalance the loot and add more content in small, though appreciated, ways. The rest are cosmetic skins that really have no value.Of my purchases, I have never been dissatisfied at deep discounts amongst my friends to make WET’s continued support profitable. The only concern I have is if you intend to play WET entirely alone with bots as some levels like the labyrinth-like Drachenfels it can be painful for the AI, even on Easy, which can also be said about the base-game as levels can be lengthy adventures that may end from their pathing issues. Even with one or two human players, this becomes less of a concern as team-coordination is WET’s greatest strength.You Don’t Swing a Crowbar Like a FireaxePerhaps the greatest difference between WET and L4D is how mechanically distinct these experiences are as WET creates a more class-based, though not entirely restrictive, first-person melee game. This is perhaps where WET feels more like Killing Floor with various specialties and drawbacks; however, progression is universal, not separated.Each character, of which there are five heroes, offers a different selection of weaponry with value to the team composition. The Witch Hunter is given weapons like the quick-drawing flintlocks with one-handed swords whereas the Dwarf and Soldier are given heavier two-handed melee and range weapons from blunderbusses to war hammers, the Mage can use staffs with unlimited ammo but risk overheating the user, and the Elf is given daggers and bows. This is not the full extent of their arsenals as characters can share similar weapons, which prevents players having to rely on one class unless you want to be the mage, which is a more advanced class.Even within these broad categories, it’s the weapons themselves that truly shine for replayability as every weapon have different animations, attack speeds, block-ratings, ranges and recovery periods between swings/shots. Playstyles require as much familiarity with their limitations and strengths to use their full potential, though I found that Easy/Normal has the best “gunplay” feel whereas harder difficulties make your weapons feel weaker. It’s within this loot system that the game never feels stale as you can exchange a Zweihander for a Shield and Hammer combo or a rifle for a repeating pistol per level, or you can change to a different character entirely with their own arsenal.The loot system is a divisive topic because of how much RNG is involved for rewards. At the end of every level, based on your difficulty and how many hidden dice you find, you roll the chance to unlock a weapon of different quality the higher your raise the difficulty. These weapons, might I add, are not weaker; they have additional stats to make them more valuable like additional defense ratings, attack speed, etc., but not the amount of damage they deal. If you don’t like your reward, you can refund the junk for a random, though guaranteed, item of higher quality. This system prevents players at low levels from not being able to play with their friends while still giving long-term value, though the loadouts for higher ranks unlocks arguably more benefits with the trinkets. It’s a system with more balance than I expected and I really don’t understand the hate behind it other than RNG.If You’re Going to Copy Something, Copy Something that WorksAs I mentioned beforehand, this game shamelessly imitates L4D, and it’s quite clear as soon as you enter the gameplay. Replace zombies with Skaven, rat-like beings with a more intelligence behind using its masses of fodder as well as the more mini-boss variants that mimics the Boomer, the Smoker, the Hunter and the Tank. There are also Elite Guard rats that offer something between the two. These are all governed by an A.I. Director to set a comfortable challenge in each mission based on how you perform. Including these similarities, there are various health, bomb and temporary buff items to each player’s arsenal as well as the same health mechanic from L4D; two times you can be knocked down before the screen becomes red and you die on the third K.O.It cannot be stressed enough how much is added to a familiar experience based on the change of emphasis to your weaponry and classes to choose from. Instead of someone ending up being Rochelle or Zoey (who I love to play), every player feels important to the survival of the team by not forcing the Mage on to everyone and offering two tank-characters. Objectives range in every mission in reaching the carriage at the end to exploring a dungeon to find some sort of treasure to sneaking into a Skaven stronghold to destroy their defenses and weaponry. In reality, the game sticks between getting from point A to B missions, supply-raiding missions and destroy the objective missions. It’s both the presentation and level-design that keeps the sameness from creeping into the game.When it comes to mission types, the bots are mostly able to handle the first and last type of missions whereas supply-raids require the player to do the most work in carrying the supplies to the drop-off points. As someone who enjoys both the SP and MP of WET, I never found the AI detracting my enjoyment of the game as I prefer to stay within the lower difficulties to make all weapons keep their usefulness. Anything beyond those two difficulties are beyond the AI’s pathfinding without causing major problems by failing to respond to a situation or falling off short ledges.The World is Ending… So Bring Your FriendsWhile WET is not revolutionary, it has revitalized my infatuation for cooperative games with as much skill as entertainment value with my friends. Ignoring the value of its theme, it would be disingenuous to state the gameplay improvements and the changes in player-roles and replayability have nothing unique to offer. Now whether that is enough to warrant playing something different and derivative, yet also refined, is up to you to decide."
,Recommended,235540,18546920,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mighty Poo,"Warhammer themed co-op game with many similarities to Left 4 Dead (which I never really could get into).I don't know if it's the more interesting theme, the more detailed evironments, ai oppoinents that seem to have a bit of a personality, the loot system, character progression or the focus on melee combat... but i'm really enjoying this 25 hours in and expect to play a lot more of it.It has a few rough edges, but nothing to stop me from recommending this if you have the inclination and the $$$"
76561198097792288,Recommended,235540,32741819,Posted: 24 June,all,Son of a loving mother,"People sometimes say that games are great because they allow you to fulfill your greatest fantasies. I can safely ssay that this is not always true. Getting gangbanged by a hundred rat-men coming from every direction has never been something I fancied, but Vermintide is an awesome game nonetheless.In this game (which is very similar to left 4 dead) you'll be teaming up with three other players to complete levels with various abjectives, such as gathering sacks of food, destroying dangerous devices and other such things to protect the city of Übersreik from a surprise invasion of the enemies you'll be facing in-game, the fearsome rat-men known as the skaven. This game, as you might've noticed, takes place in the incredibly detailed, lore-rich, grim, brutal and dark world of Warhammer Fantasy, which is a big plus.The focus is not so much on the story as it is on the gameplay though. The gameplay is fun, challening and absolutely exhiliterating. Because of the fantasy setting, there is a big focus on melee. Luckily, all of the five characters you can play as have access to a very wide range of weapons, going from massive and powerful greatswords to fast and nimble daggers. Melee systems can be difficult to get to work properly and feel realistic. This game, however does an amazing job at it. , for example, the feedback and sound effects of smashing a rat-man's skull in with an overgrown hammer is incredibly satisfying.Alongside of the melee weapon you'll be using most of the time, you also have to choose from a wide range of ranged weaponry, from magic staves to early rifles and auto-aiming longbows.The weapons you choose make a big impact on your playstyle and our role in the team. Some weapons for example, are better against hordes, while others focus on singling out the special enemies that would otherwise make your life hell.Good weapon choices and teamwork are definitely important in this game, since the diffculty can get absolutely insane. There are five difficulty levels you can choose from, going from easy to 'cataclysm', which is complete and utter insanity. If the game isn't diffcult enough for you already, there are also special items you can pick up that will make things significantly harder but also improve your loot at the end of a run.The loot system is one of my major problems with the game. At the end of a run, you are shown a list of the weapons you can get. A diceroll will then decide which weapon you get. This is very random and as such it can take a ridiculous amout of time to get a weapon you actually want.Overall, this game is still great fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,235540,18667972,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,hodie,"Gore drenched, chaotic co-op jaunt through the unfortunate town of Ubersreik. To live is to stick together- seriously, even on 'easy' stick together even Sigmar needed an army- survive and try your luck at Randald's Bones, a dice baced loot reward system. Its then on to the comforts of your very own Inn where you plot your next move and equip and change heroes of which there are currently five. It is here you also get to try your luck at forging new weapons from those you've collected and upgrading the higher tier weapons that have traits by using resources from salvaged weapons.The rinse and repeat gameplay is still highly addicting and the random events make for periods of quiet anxiety followed by intense frenzied battles, particularly at the higher difficulties. It is here you'll benefit from a strong party so playing with friends is recommended; and it is with friends that you'll have the most fun.If you're a Warhammer fan you'll want this."
,Recommended,235540,24700643,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Commissar Buggo,"Let's be frank here.This is Left 4 Dead.An incredibly pretty Left 4 Dead with a stronger focus on melee combat, set in the Warhammer universe.This has its ups and downs.You kill rats. You kill rats across a bunch of stages, with a  cadre of I-hesitate-to-say 'stereotypes?' including an alcoholic soldier, a woman with an unhealthy appreciation for fire, a height-disadvantaged marksman, a sour well-dressed man, and 'an elf.'These five-minus-one bop around (It's left 4 dead, remember?), killing rats with a menagerie of weapons ranging from eight kinds of bows, things that stab rats, things that cut rats, things that shoot rats, and things that burn them.These are organized under a familiar tier system and, with the inclusion of a free DLC (Grab those, you really want those.), are recyclable and functional enough.The good stuff :- It's reaaally pretty. I like Skaven, I play them all the time in the tabletop, and you really have to admire just how 'good' they look, in that wonderfullyew-blech-grosssort of way. You'll admire it when you're spinning around, decapitating and disemboweling too-friendly ratfolk by the dozen. Blood sprays and splatters, heads come off, and they have a wide variety of responses to their slaughter -- it really is like a sociopathic carnival ride.- The combat works. It's fairly simple, but there's some nuance to it. Big frack-huge hammers and swords work on crowds if you do charging attacks, knives and rapiers turn slaverat 'ambushes' into something akin to dropping a handful of rodents in a large, angry blender. Certain weapons can off rougher targets quickly by nicking the head, some weapons couldn't care less. Bonus tip, for play as the Witch Hunter - go into the options, and check the controls for 'weapon special.' It'll be relevant.- It's fun. Get four folks together, roll to which schmuck does what job, learn how to do said jobs. Forget how to do said jobs immediately, and wade chest-deep into the Vermintide shouting like mad-folk. Go on, get some blood on you, champ. You'll like it.The less-good stuff :- The loot system. It's janky. The free DLC attempts to aid this a bit, and it does. But it's still...janky.Finish a mission, and you're rewarded with a chance to...play a dice game. You roll dice, you get a thing.More accurately, you'll roll the dice, and get a thing for a class you aren't even playing.  Now you can turn this into 'other stuff,' but the recycling mechanic can also give you a thing for a class you're not even playing...that's pretty good.You could argue it's to ease you into all the classes and keep you from dedicating yourself to just one like a spoilsport. You can also argue it's stupid and dumb, and you wouldn't be wrong. It's really up to you, you just have to ready to say ""Oh, thanks for that white Dwarven hammer, game, especially as a reward for my hard-mode bot-only double-grimoire run.""- The physics, sometimes. They're janky. Sometimes. They're either a bug or a feature, depending on how hard they make you laugh, or if you ever see them at all (you'll probably see them.) I've see them a few times.- The levels. From what I've played so far, the quality of stages can range from ""Alright"" and ""Bretty gud"" to ""backwater fairground corn maze from Hell."" You're going to memorize them or you're going to play them once, per difficulty, and never touch them again. Also, the Point-of-No-Return™ is sort of dumb; slightly-tall wall, broken stairs, inconvenient rock? Can't go back. Sorry, too bad. Usually it's no problem -- until the game decides to drop a Packmaster behind you and grab the last person over the ledge.This will happen.Trust me.The really bad stuff.- Bot AI.Wohohohoo boy.Grab your friends, or make new ones, because the AI for private matches doesn't wanna be your friend. It doesn't wanna do anything, for that matter.I'd compare it to Payday 2 Bots, but that wouldn't be fair to this game - they're almost as stupid, but they CAN get things done; in combat, you'll be fascinated by their incredibly sporadic competence. One moment, they're unable to deal with three basic rodents shivving their ankles. Next, they're triple-headshotting Special vermin before they can even engage your group. And then they stare at a wall, blankly, as you desperately try to get them to pick up a collectable, or getting caught by 'disabling' enemies after you've passed a Point-of-No-Return™ with frightening regularity.TL;DRIt's pretty good, if it goes on sale be sure to grab it. Bring friends, you need those. Grab the free DLC, you need that.Kill things, collect stuff, kill more things, have a ball. Oh and uh, kill-kill skavenblight, manthings."
,Recommended,235540,20130109,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Leviathan,"Hmm... What to say about this game...Like Warhammer?Like Left 4 Dead?Like 4 player co-op?Have friends to play with?Like PvE?Hate rats?If you answered yes to any pair of these, you'll probably enjoy this.These pairings pretty much sum the game and gameplay experience up.1. Vermintide is pretty much Games Workshop's Warhammer spin on Left 4 Dead.Everything from the hordes, through to the Specials. With an End Times twist.The only real difference being a Class base to your heroes. Each with a specified weapon set (no weapon swaps/pick ups), which you can edit at the beginning of each map, if you don't do so at the Tavern (lobby) between missions.Also, ammo is somewhat scarce, so the combat is predominantly melee based.2. The game is a 4 player co-op, with 5 playable characters.Each has his own pros and cons, gameplay-wise.When playing with less than 4 players (full lobby), AI bots will fill the role of your teammate(s).Unlike other 4 player co-ops, teamwork is a lot more vital to mission success. Not only when dealing with the Skaven in numbers, but also completing objectives.You can play solo (with AI ""assist"" - I used that term loosely), but it is not recommended above Normal difficulty, and once you get downed, it's very likely to be a mission failure.3. As stated, like L4D, this game is PvE.Your adversaries being Skaven, the Ratmen.Seeing as Fatshark are such big (self-admitted) L4D fans, and took A LOT of influence from the franchise - can you call it a franchise, if there's only two of them? It's not even really a series. Might just go with a ""duology""... Anyhoo... - I wouldn't be surprised if one day they decided to turn the tables, and let players assume control of the Skaven Specials, a la L4D.The devs did a great job on this game.The maps are large, the load times are fast, and there is no latency between transitions to new area.*Note: once you progress to the next area, you can not return to the former, so it'd play to utilise any pick ups found, etc. before moving on.There are hidden areas on the maps, so it pays to explore, if you have the time to spare. Also, through experience, you risk the chance of triggering a horde if you hang around too long, so be warned.Weapons and customisation is a bit of a touchy subject with this game... I'll just say that it leaves something to be desired.I understand the justification for the system, believe me, but when trying to create replayability factors for a game, let it be based on the gameplay experience itself (which this game definitely has), not and RNG reward system.In my opinion, this is the only point this game falls short on.That said, nobody's perfect.I would definitely recommend this game, and see myself continuing to play it regularly in the foreseeable future."
,Recommended,235540,18620960,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Choke King,"Amazing game, does everything L4D did right, but better. Focus is on team play so highly recommend you have some good trustworthy mates!"
,Recommended,235540,29991106,Posted: 17 February,all,Leffles the Magnificent,"""Left 4 Dead with swords and magic""If you asked what this game is, a lot of people would give you this answer, and at first glance, a 4-player co-operative game with a bunch of similarities to the ever-so-popular zombie franchise, it's hard to NOT make such a comparison. However, after putting in some time, it's clear that this game does so much more to distinguish itself, not only as a Left 4 Dead-esque game, but as a Warhammer game as well.Before getting into the goods and bads about this game, allow me to explain a little bit as to what this game is and what it does. Vermintide takes place in the End Times portion of the Warhammer lore, as one may be able to tell from the title. You can choose from 5 heroes, each with their own unique weapon sets, and take part in several missions to fend off and repel the Skaven forces, which are stemming from underground, from the Under Empire. The gameplay is relatively similar to Left 4 dead, in that the item acquisition is similar, the item types are similar, and there's special rats that can mess your run up if you don't co-operate.Of course, this game does have plenty to keep it fresh, though. From a full-blown loot system to tomes and grimoires to help get better loot, as well as an upcoming lorebook that you have to collect the pages for. The loot system is probably a better one that you'd see, whereas in some, if not most games, you'd only have a chance for a loot drop, whereas in Vermintide, every mission provides a piece of loot, and the higher the difficulty, the better the higher tier the loot drop. On top of all that, there are 2 utilities in the inn (the hub for your party) that allow you to upgrade your weapons, reroll the traits, or even salvage them for the basic resources.Now it's time to explain the good, the bad, and the meh of this game. Granted, this is more or less a portion where opinion comes into play for the most part, so bear with me here.The Good:Fast paced, fun gameplay: With something similar to Left 4 Dead, it's hard to not enjoy it. A frantic, 4-player co-op that has you kill hordes among hordes of enemies? There's just something special about seeing all the carnage that this game has to offer. Being able to see a whole group of rats get blown away by a bomb really does sit well with me.Different weapon sets and classes to suit different gameplay styles: This game boasts a large number of playstyles with the large amounts of weapons for each class. The bright wizard is capable of lighting large groups of enemies on fire, while the elf is more specialized in picking off single targets in rapid succession. If you want the elf to take on a larger group at once, there's weapons to help her do just that. If you want the wizard to focus on killing specials, there's weapons better suited for that. Each character has different weapons that allow for fluidity between every single one of them.The Characters themselves: Honestly, after playing for over 100 hours, and still hearing more and more voice lines that I have yet to hear, I've fallen in love with each and every one of these characters. The banter between them can be harsh, but still fun to follow along with, and the discussions they have between breathers, especially onces that involve the lore or backstory, are always so interesting, and worth listening to.The game follows the lore well: While I'm still learning more and more about the Warhammer universe (which is no easy task, mind you), I've come to respect how closely they follow the Warhammer lore.The DLCs: When a DLC is done right, it should get the praise it deserves, and Fatshark has shown us that they're capable of making fantastic DLCs. From Castle Drachenfels to Karak Azgaraz, both DLCs are incredibly unique, and even provide players with new weapons for specific classes. Both DLCs are absolutely beautiful, introduce new challenges, in amazing new (or technically old) locations, and they provide more windows into the amazing Warhammer loreThe Bad:The Community: Don't get me wrong, THERE ARE PLENTY OF GREAT PEOPLE PLAYING THIS GAME. Unfortunately for every nice/decent player, there's a dozen annoying ones. It can get to a point where some new players, still wanting to learn how the game works, are more inclined to stop playing because of how bad these kinds of people can get.Cataclysmic: Cataclysmic difficulty is the absolute hardest and most challenging gamemode. Higher health pools, higher damage, and even friendly ranged fire is enabled. Surely, there's something good if you play through on cataclysmic, right? There's gotta be some sort of incentive to play, right? Well outside of a pretty banner in your inn for completing every single mission on cataclysmic, there isn't any reason to play this difficulty. There's nothing special outside of that, even the reward pool mirrors that of Nightmare. It's not worth playing, and most people are just playing nightmare, outside of the occasional crazy that plays cataclysmic solo..The matchmaking/lobby system: For several reasons. The biggest issue is the lack of information. If you join a game either via the lobby or the matchmaking system, you're going in (almost) completely blind. The only thing you'd know is how many people are playing what particular map you're looking for. In a game like Left 4 dead, it's fine to just know this information and join in whenever, but in a game where each character is unique, with a lot of people going one specific class or another, you need to know who is playing what before you join. It's not fair to the host or people in the game to see someone joining and immediately leave because there's someone playing the class they wanted. Another issue is that the matchmaking is always open so long as there's a slot in the game. Which means that anyone can join at any point, even if that means you are practically at the exit (I've even had people join on the end result screen). There should be a cap as to when people can join, it's not fair to the people that actually played through the mission if someone joins in immediately as they get to the escape, giving the credit/victory to the guy that literally did nothing but exist at the right moment.The Meh:Certain weapons: As I said before, there's a bunch of weapons for each playable character, and each has their own type of attack, their own stats, etc. Unfortunately, there's some weapons that ARE better than others, which means that there's a decent amount of weapons in the game being left out of the action because there's better stats on another. While not too much of a big deal, it'd be nice seeing these weapons that are barely used get a buff in one way or the other.Grimoires: Grimoires aren't an issue, at least, not innately. They're a great way to get people hunting for something that prove to be a guaranteed benefit at the end of a mission, but the whole endeavour can be a major pain. It reduces your health, if you die, you lose it for good. This isn't too big of a deal, as it takes a skilled and communicating team to actually successfully pull off a 2-grimoire mission (ESPECIALLY on higher difficulties), but the one gripe I have with it is that you can also toss it away manually, when you do you can't get it back. This is a double-sided blade, that being people CAN grab the grimoire and troll people by getting rid of it one way or the other (which falls back on how poor the community can be). This can also work out to a degree, either by punishing people for using exploits or punishing rude people/hosts without harming the run too greatly or throwing the game. The option to throw away the grimoire can also greatly help in a pinch, when you need the extra health to fight on.Conclusion:Despite the community, if you find a good group, you are in for a fantastic time. This is one of the better games to have come out in recent times, and it truly deserves more players."
,Recommended,235540,19843377,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fremen,"The 1st game is WH: Vermintide.Hack'n'SlashBomb 'em from orbitVermin exterminatusThis is simple & relaxing game. You can catch up with random people on the internet & go for a kill or two or actualy for a hundreds of kills.Some challenges avaible, but nothing unbeatable.Damn, you can play it drunk!So this game is below ""Nightmare"" difficulty.The 2nd game is End Times - Vermintide.Welcome to Dark Messiah of M&M hardest difficulty coop extended edition (hardcore action-RPG). It's on at nightmare & cataclysm difficulties.Be cooperative, be swift, be deadly.Every enemy become leathal from this point.Must know mechanics of dodge & parry. Weapon type & grade more vital on this one.it's not harder, it's different game completely!Here are some pros'n'cons:Mixed 'cos nothing is black or white:2 different games in one.Part of the great Warhammer fantasy battles.Graphics.The Emperor!5 playable characters, but 4-players coop. All chars are different.Dodge/Parry/Block system included.Achievments.Some bugs & errors, all random.No dedicated servers.Constant steam/internet connection required.13 Marvelous missions, but only half of 'em story driven.Grind.Adjustible difficulty. You can pick ""grimoures"" to lover your health by 30~35% per grim and improve your reward.Hats.Various ratz to kill.Some tails & paws to cut.Lots of weapz. 5 grades or quality. So multiply it.Lots of traits for weapz, all random, different grades.Forge & altar to improve your weapz. Or craft better grades. And you can craft some weapon types with last update.Great music & sound.Annoying elf comments. Ignore her.Funny dwarf.Stupid, useless AI to help you die horrible death.In-short: Sale + holidays = go get it!"
76561197999622861,Recommended,235540,25836754,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Doc,"Bottom line up front:  One of the best co-op games I've ever played, Vermintide takes the Left 4 Dead formula and improves it in every way.  Buy this one!Obviously, I've played a LOT of Vermintide.  I've played extensively on solo, with on-line pickup groups, with family, and with friends across the country.  I've played all the maps with all the characters, and beaten all the maps on the hardest settings, but still have no problem going back through for a lark on easier difficulties.Essentially, this is an episodic game set in the Warhammer universe, which is a high fantasy setting with steampunk elements and includes familiar fare such as woodland elves, gold-loving dwarves, magic users, and monsters.The overall plot involves a band of four adventurers travelling through various locations in a city overrun by Skaven (Ratmen). It plays from first person, and emphasizes close combat for most of the characters. As you beat maps, you unlock more of them, and eventually you reach a conclusion and a victory (of sorts).  The ""last stand"" mode lets you just fight rats eternally with no plot elements to get in the way.For those familiar, the game takes tremendous inspiration from Left 4 Dead.  Some elements are nearly identical:  The opening camera swoop on every level, the character banter on elevators, the need to stick together, the various ""specials"" among the enemy (to include a leaping assassin and a tank), the periodic hordes if you wait too long, the limited weapon switches, the two types of health recharge, the ""fight off the horde while something happens"" set pieces, and the overall post-apocalyptic ""empty city"" feel to the levels.Key differences make this game great (and better than the L4D series):1)The item reward system.Items show up as rewards for completing a level, with a dice roll determining the final reward.  These dice can be ""weighted"" by player choices during the level:  If you pick up a ""grimoire,"" then for that level, you have substantially less health AND lose an inventory slot, but a much better chance at the best items.  Essentially, you're choosing to make the game more difficult so that you can benefit at the end...IF you are able to win with the self-imposed restrictions.  The items can be cosmetic, but the vast majority are weapons and trinkets.2)The metagame.The aforementioned items are how you improve your character, and they persist between games.  Like with most of these sorts of games, you'll end up with a lot of items you don't need, but in the ""hub"" area you can use the shrine and forge to improve or combine your weapons to make them better, or to reroll their bonus traits.3)The character classes.There are five characters:  wizard, elf, soldier, dwarf, and witch hunter.  Each has distinctly different playstyles, but the true innovation is in the wizard class.  She is finicky to play at first, as her spells (essentially ranged attacks) are unlimited except by ""overheating,"" which means that you can sacrifice health in order to cast more fireballs in the thick of battle.  The elf switches readily between ranged and melee, the dwarf and soldier excel going toe to toe (either with big heavy hitting weapons or with defensive shields), and the witch hunter is something of a mix.  They are well balanced, as evidenced by the fact that player preferences don't lean particularly heavily toward one class.4)The teamwork.The beauty of a well-coordinated team is better shown in Vermintide than in almost any other game I've played.  The hardest difficulty, Cataclysm, is essentially impossible solo or with an uncoordinated group, but with a tight group, you will cover for each other, help each other, and constantly encourage each other.  Although there is friendly fire on the hardest settings, the damage is meager and doesn't incite the same rage/revenge that I saw in other games like this.  The best trinkets give permanent passive boosts which help the entire party (item duplication, heal sharing, etc.) further encouraging group dynamics.Other things you'll like about the game:  the graphics are very immersive, and feature occasional sweeping views, well-detailed models and rooms, and a variety of locations and challenge types.  The plot pushes you forward enough to give a steady sense of purpose; the voice acting is excellent with so many spoken lines that I'm still hearing new ones even hundreds of hours into the game; you can pick the gear for your bots (you always have a party of four no matter how many humans are playing); the bot AI is strong enough that they can effectively support you on all but Cataclysm difficulties; the enemy rats are nasty, primitive enemies with just enough tactics to keep you agile.There are a few negatives:  The best (red) items are so hard to get that despite playing as much as I have I only have one, and it isn't that great :)  Gear is mostly random, so you can easily play through an hour-long nailbiter session on Cataclysm difficulty and end up with a junk item.  Your characters level with experience, but the rewards are essentially nil...level seems mostly to serve as an indicator of player time investment.  You can't direct bots at all, which can be frustrating at times, and there are some occasional disconnect bugs I've encountered, particularly when playing with folks from other countries.But these are the quibbles of someone who has played for so many hours that I can see the seams in the game a little more easily than someone trying it out for the first time.Overall, this is a great buy, and one of my all-time favorites.  Go for it!"
76561198036564640,Recommended,235540,23284702,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DarchZero,"If you enjoy Left4Dead, then this is very much Left4Dead in the Warhammer universe.No, not the SPESS MEHREEN universe, this is 40K years before, so you will be fighting in swords  and flintlocks instead of powerswords and powerflintlocks.Like Left4Dead,- You get to kill a lot of targets that scramble to claw your face off.- You will play with a multicultural cast of characters.- You can get strangled to death- You will often be covered in green, disgusting ooze- You will be pounced at and pinned to the ground- You will be whooped, walloped and flung around like a ragdoll when a giant monster with anger issues shows up- You can administer first aid to yourself or your allies which takes a while to channel- You can be revived for a few times until you're taken down for goodHowever, unlike Left4Dead- You get to use 5 distinctly different characters, almost like a class based shooter.- You receive loot at every end of the mission, which can be scrapped and rerolled into possibly better loot.- You don't need to pick up weapons.- Running out of ammo isn't too troubling, but ammunition boxes are sight for sore eyes. Especially if you're a witch hunter.- You aren't playing as survivors. More like pest control.- You will actually get shot at. By a rodent. With a gatling gun. Firing magical bullets.- Your team will get wiped quite often against a marching band of rats with metal armours.- You get to learn how to speak Dwarvish.- You also get to learn A LOT about Cousin Okri.- You get to BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY.Would highly recommend this game for:- A band of friends trying to find a game to play- People enjoying a rich co-op experience with high replayability- Fans of the Warhammer universe- Fans of L4D"
76561197975464456,Recommended,235540,18541351,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Decoy,"Left 4 Dead with Warhammer paint. And that's not a bad thing.Melee combat is snappy and impactful. Characters are balanced, varied and fun to play. The art and sound are well-done and appropriate for the setting.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,235540,18648149,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Timbrewolf,The next best fantasy hack and slash game since Dark Messiah of Might and Magic.
,Not Recommended,235540,26029850,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Voyager,"A great game that's hampered by a unbelievably awful loot system. Play all the missions once and be done with the game. Otherwise you'll get stuck doing the same Black Powder mission over and over again hoping that the RNG gods bless you with something you MIGHT want.So the game has maybe 12 hours of fun gameplay. After that, it's just boring RNG repetitiveness.Oh yeah: because the developers have completely ignored the community, the player base has all but dried up. There might be a few hundred people on, so finding a game with a good ping can be almost impossible."
76561198007503248,Recommended,235540,18569494,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Darcy,"A solid game, based on the Left4Dead formula of team-based online co-op.Value wise I think its spot on... 1/3rd the price of a AAA title!+ 13 levels promised on release+ secrets in each level+ collectibles to find which alter your chances of loot quality+ carrying collectibles impacts gameplay (e.g. decreases health)I hope there's going to be DLC for this, because I would be willing to pay for it :)"
76561198051384176,Recommended,235540,18538024,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Closed/Open Beta ReviewSet in the Warhammer Fantasy Lore/Universe, you get to play 5 difference Class.The Witch Hunter named Victor Saltzpyre that specialize pistols, rapiers crossbow and 2Handed Sword.The Waywatcher named Kerillian that specialize bows and twin blade/daggers.The Dwarf Ranger named Bardin Goreksson that specialize on crossbow, axe, hammer and shield.The Bright Wizard named Sienna Fuegonasus that specialize on single sword, a baton mace and wands with different magic.The Empire Soldier named Markus Kruber that specialize on Sword and shield, 2Handed Hammer and a Blunderbuss Gun.The game is simple like L4D but with a catch. The Skav Rats are more smarter, deals a LOT of damage that you never expected and more responsive to you actions so ""Teamwork"" is ""Far More Important"". If you do not cooperate with your team you will die and lose horribly. Its no joke because the Skav will horde you down in many ways. Regular Rats which are very simple to kill and have funny reactions but are smart. The Armored Rats which either comes alone, in 2 or a Patrol which YOU MUST AVOID AT ALL COST. You have the Gas Rat that can make you lose your standing defensive ground and will mess you up. You have the Gunner rat which will target one of your team and will deal massive damage. The Taskmaster Rat which will drag you away then hang you. Finally the Rat Ogre which will literally pin you down.Easy mode is like playing normal mode. Quite easy.Normal mode is hard mode. Because you can actually lose on the Prologue.Hard mode is challenging because you will not have any healing potions equip at the beginning.Nightmare is where Friendly fire is activated and the enemies seems to be more smarter. Also you can practically die instantly without going down for revive so be warn about your health and medkits.Cataclysm....May the Gods be with you.Now some mission maps has these Tomes and Grimoire that can be collected to boost your experience and reward but be warn about the risk. Either your health will be reduced to a mere 25% from 100%, you will take more damage or when picking up a tome/Grimoire you will instantly get down. Now if you successfully completed a mission, you will roll dies to gain random weapons so its pretty much RNG. Each weapons give different stats that will help you on your gameplay so they really make a difference on how you want to proceed.Atm there are some minor bug issues but the Developers has been fixing and working on the issues since Closed Beta so its nice to see they are doing something and making improvement of optimization to the game.Also, this game is not recommended for any easy going gameplay. This was intentional to be hard because you are playing a Warhammer Game. You have been warned."
,Recommended,235540,31506927,Posted: 2 May,all,The Pyro Squirrel,"Do you like murdering lots of things? Do you like beautiful dark fantasy settings? Are you a fan of simple yet skillful melee combat with a variety of weapons with some guns/bows/magic thrown in to top it all off? Need a 4 player co-op game to play with your mates? Then this game may well be for you.ProsVisceral melee and ranged combat, every hit feels satisfying.A wide variety of weapons, melee and ranged, that keeps slaughtering ratmen fresh.I'll be honest, before this game I'd never even heard of Warhammer Fantasy, but this game is a gorgeous realization of it. The art style and levels are a delight to behold and there's a good amount of variety between levels.There's a respectable amount of levels in the base game and the DLC maps keep things fresh if you are craving more.On the subject of DLC, the game has received a number of significant free updates as well as paid map packs that are well worth the value in my opinion. You can't queue for the DLC maps if you don't own them, but if you have a friend that has them you can play on them and receive the map-specific weapon drops for free.The combat is skillful and has a good range of difficulties to challenge experienced players.A robust crafting system to help you improve your arsenal and a set of special hats/weapons for experienced players to show off with.Knowledge of a level pays off with items that can improve your loot and or even increase the difficulty of the map if you want a proper challenge.Charming characters and amusing party banter. Miss a bomb throw? Your companions aren't likely to let you live it down.ConsWith the game being melee-focused, a bad internet connection can lead to a bad experience, i.e. rats hitting you from far away, blocks not registering etc.Item drops at the end of missions are semi-random, so it's possible to go on dry streaks of the stuff you want. This is mitigated with the crafting system, however.The game has a somewhat small player base, so doing specific non-contract missions if you don't have a 3 or 4 man group can occasionally be difficult. This is more true on the highest difficulties. Overall though the playerbase is more than large enough to enjoy the whole game solo.The game is a very fun and satisfying experience and I highly recommend it."
76561198062819134,Recommended,235540,31873669,Posted: 20 May,all,Llapgochmaster,"SummaryThis game is agem. The core gameplay is deep and beautifully tuned, the co-op elements truly reward cooperation and build team spirit, the community of players is good-natured and still going strong 1.5 years after release, and the meta-game of decking out your heroes with better gear and upgrading your home base (the Red Moon Inn) is icing on the cake. If fighting alongside three of your friends while you work your way up from complete scrubs to Skaven-killing machines sounds like a good time to you, then this game is a must buy.Resist the RatsIf you've played Left 4 Dead, you'll recognize the basic gameplay immediately. You and your teammates (or fairly competent bots, if you can't find anyone to play with) make your way across a sprawling game level, fending off waves of RNG and scripted enemies while rescuing each other from imminent death. Compared to Left 4 Dead, though, the combat feels much more visceral and weighty, with a much larger emphasis on melee combat and a wider ranger of viable strategies. You'll be timing your dodges to avoid the monstrous rat ogre while slicing & dicing his slave rat escorts, looking for a break in the action so that you can whip out your crossbow and snipe a gasbomb-lobbing rat that's threatening to wipe out your team from across the map.I haven't played the Dark Souls franchise but several people have compared the skill ceiling of this game to that one, which is a heck of a recommendation. Put in some time with the controls, learn the game mechanics, and pretty soon you'll be the last-person-standing for your team, taking on all comers, and earning the awed gratitude of your teammates. Feelsgoodman.It's Dangerous to Go AloneWorried about finding people to play with? It'll almost certainly work out. Even just by adding random people that were fun to play with in public lobbies you'll quickly have an extensive friend list, and there are also busy communities on Reddit and Discord where you can ask about players that are looking to team up in your time zone and area. Griefing & outright cheating are pretty rare experiences online. In about 600 hours of playing I think I've only used the ""votekick a player"" function once or twice. In general people are cool, and plenty use their mics for smooth cooperation.But what about the loot?Several reviews here (and elsewhere) point to the frustration of collecting gear via RNG loot drops. The devs have taken multiple steps to smooth this out and getting particular items is far easier now than it used to be -- but if you're focusing on collecting stuff I'd say you're missing the point. How many games are basically funonlywhen you're getting loot? Right? By contrast, good Vermintide players can literally beat any level in this game on the hardest difficulty setting using only the items that you start with. You can google ""White weapons Vermintide"" on YouTube for the proof! If you focus on working your way up the difficulty ladder and let the loot come in its own sweet time, you'll have a blast.Exceptional Writing and ActingThis game's production values are fantastic. The music is atmospheric, the game audio is richly assembled and packed with tactical information (""Yo! Assassin inbound, sounds like it's behind us""), but the real standout is the incredible voice acting that brings the five available player heroes to life. They bicker, they cheer each other on, and they swap memories of their lives before the Skaven invasion. There are so many voicelines that it's not rare to still be hearing new ones several hundred hours into your play time. I didn't have any special affection for the Warhammer Fantasy universe before playing this game but these characters won me over pretty much immediately.The Bottom LineSome games draw you in and keep you playing by providing a constant drip of upgrades and loot and levels. Other games keep you playing because they're just plainfun. This game is one of the fun ones. Saddle up, grab some friends, and make your mark as a Hero of the End Times."
76561197994674609,Recommended,235540,26666991,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Herald_UK,"So if you haven't played this wonderful title yet, why not ? It's fantastic. Really, It is. And it is certainly not getting the credit that it deserves. When I see those older games of a similar ilk, grabbing the limelight and attention; Games like Left 4 Dead and Killing floor and all that. It can be quite safe to assume that there is really no justice in the world. Anyone who's into these types of co-op wave / level survival games, who hasn't snapped this up yet. Be aware... You are seriously missing out !No, there are no zombies to brutally blow to pieces, just rats. Legions upon legions of giant, man-sized rats. Which you will mostly have to hack your way through with an assortment of melee weapons. I could imagine that the thought of mainly hand weapon combat could be a turn off. Especially if you weren't over enamoured with this sort of feature in the likes of L4D or in other FPS fantasy titles, such as the terrible combat mechanics in your average Elder Scrolls game. Must admit, the thought did put myself off for a good long while. But having taken the chance to try the game out, I found that the combat in Vermintide, although still sort of basic, was incredibly fluid and an awful lot of fun. The action is tense and the gameplay itself is very solid. More so than I would have given credit for just by watching a few vids on Youtube ! Every slice of weapon, or bash with a hammer or shield, lands with a satisfying squelch or crunch. The physics of your blows are a wonder to see, as you carve your way through the hordes of enemies that will throw themselves at you and your fellow players.The animations are great, the levels are beautifully designed and the overall graphics are wonderful. The environments of each level are great to wander through and explore. And explore them you must if you want to get the secret special items that are hidden away on most of the levels. Although not really essential to collect. They do help with the bonus game ""Ranalds Bones"", which is played at the end of every round. This is a basic RNG game played with a number of dice that determines your reward after getting through a level. The more secret items that you collect the more dice you have to play with, thus giving you a higher chance of a better reward. These rewards usually come in the form of a weapon, either melee or ballistic. Or you can get a trinket, which can be equipped to give your character a certain skill or bonus. Or you could just simply walk away with a hat. That is purely cosmetic and does not provide any bonuses at all.This randomised loot system has been accused of providing quite a crippling grind to the whole game (depending upon how you look at it). In some ways this could be Vermintides greatest failing. But in other ways it is also the games greatest success in providing longevity. Giving life where the likes of L4D and KF have gone well past their welcome. Though it doesn't help matters when the die rolls in Ranalds Bones tend to be excrutiatingly poor. It can be assumed that the RNG system has deliberately been set to have the lowest possible results. Which can be more than a little frustrating and is definitely somewhat unfair. Making it feel like the dice are weighted. However the game does provide you with more than a few ways to gain higher graded gear. With more options that have been added over time. So it's not all bad.All extra equipment that you win will help immensly when you want to access higher difficulties. The higher the difficulty you play also increases your chance of a better reward. And that seems to be how the games progression (and that of your character), is measured.There is a levelling up system for you as the player. But so far I haven't been able to determine whether this has any direct affect on your game, or whether it is just pointless meaningless numbers. So far I have found no evidence that higher levelled players would fair any better than lower levelled ones. If they were given the same gear. It all seems to be down to the quality of your loadout and of course, your skill.Although sort of basic and arcadey even. There is a certain depth in Vermintide that I can't quite put my finger on. But whatever it is, it keeps bringing me back for more. It is a really fun and fluid experience, The plot is pretty basic but it does provide a bit of story with each level, with some sort of objective to achieve. And the interactions between the characters as they go through these levels are wonderful. With some real snappy one liners uttered to each other throughout. And although this game is touted as a Co-Op experience. It is more than possible to play through most levels solo, though don't be expecting an Offline mode as such. As it does not exist. You will always be online whether you choose to play with others or not. And some of the levels on certain difficulties are just downright impossble to get through alone, due to the inept abilities of your teammates AI. Unlike L4D, AI controlled characters have deliberately been made to be completely incapable of handling certain situations. But as long as you are prepared for these events and have equipped you and your team with the right gear. You can get through most situations and most of the levels. However, all that could more than likely change with future updates. As Bot behaviour has been tweaked and improved more than a few times since the game exited Early Access.That said, I wouldn't want to have you thinking that solo is a necessary, essential option or anything. As Vermintide does happen to have one of the most friendliest communities around. Of course you'll still find the occasional obnoxious imbecile. That is unrealistic to not be expected. But on the whole, it is a rare gem of a collective, where the veterans and the new comers can get along and enjoy the game together.However there are certain advantages to running solo. Like you can always play your preferred character ( A minimal concern, seeing as you can just be the Host to do this). And you can take your time with the levels, as typically in Co-Op it can all seem like a chaotic mad dash to be the first to get to the good stuff (A typical curse of Co-Op based games. A trait that I have never truely got along with, finding it more than a little annoying). A solo run gives you plenty of room to explore the levels properly and learn where it's secrets are hidden. Which isn't a difficult task, just in a Co-Op match when you've got the more experienced players running all over the place, grabbing stuff willy-nilly. I feel that I didn't really start to experience the levels properly until I had the gear to be able to run solo and actually root around in them. And despite the faults of your AI buddies, you can always rely on them to watch your back (Something which personally drives me up the wall in all Co-Op situations, when your fellow team mates, brainlessly rush past you to get to the bad guys first leaving your rear flank totally exposed). Your AI buiddies won't shoot you in the back either. Which can be a proper pain as higher difficulties (Nightmare and Cataclysm mode), come with friendly fire damage. Unlike L4D, crouching isn't really that much of a help, as the Skaven are usually only about as tall as you when you duck down. So you will find that you are always shooting downward, when they get within a certain distance.So that's Vermintide. A game that has borrowed it's assets from a few past classics and in some ways has surpassed those that it has moulded itself from. A wonderful hack n slash that hasn't exactly garnered the attention from gamers that it so rightly deserves. But if I was having to choose a personal GOTY for 2016. Then this would certainly be it, without a doubt.10 / 10"
,Recommended,235540,22928651,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Chaplain Lithius,"One of the most fun game I've played so far.Gameplay is smooth, graphics are fine (I can't run it on Ultra just lowest but yeah.) learning curve is really easy and game pushes you to act as a team which what I've been searching for so long.There are little problems when it comes to connection. When lagging enemies tend to hit after you defence and some little annoying places enemies hit you through walls and stuff similiar to that. ALSO I forgot something really needs to be changed and it's called Player Hosting. Why it's bad you might ask (as a customer who thinks to buy this game.) answer is simple. When the host player leaves or crashes match/map you are on restarts, this thing really annoys me with a lot of others. Only thing we can do is hoping at this point but I doubt they will change it near future.Aside from game, lore is awesome in general. I mean come on IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING WARHAMMER.About the new DLC maps. (Castle Drachenfels)Development team really worked on this one. Map's atmosphere is great, you really feel like you are in a vampire castle. A LOT of new things been added such as a torch to aid you in darkness. New little stuff has been added to with the DLC like pull the lever and boom secret doors open and one of the most fun which is added to the game is traps, there aren't many but pressure plates are really fun to annoy your friends also I think it's possible to push enemies to wall spikes and iron maidens which scattered around the first map. Well when it comes to dark envoirments nothing says we've done it as Warhammer fantasy, vampire lords. Castle Drachenfels is really accurately made in game. My only complain would probably not getting any new enemies aside from that new update added new weapons to the mix such as axe for Waywatcher (Best 1 hit killer) and a volley crossbow (Best ogre killer) for Witch Hunter. Overall the new DLC is fun, grab an friend who has the DLC and roll with it!Let's go back to the point. Game is really nice, loot grinding is important for difficulty levels. Teamplay is important. Worths every cent you've spent.UPDATE 12/05/16:Game's current state is still stable to an extend, I still have high hopes yet lack of content makes it boring after long time. Most of the small player base asks for updates like 7 months straight but nothing big has been added since Drachenfels update. Devs lately published Quests that gives loot but I doubt that will make any player longer than they used to.UPDATE 26/12/16:Dwarven map update has been released with 2 new weapons still no new enemies. Game has been updated to an extent now most of the weapons don't suck compared to old build. Nightmare/Cataclsym runs become extremely tough so good luck on those for example maps are filled with Stormvermin now, patrol is 14 Stormvermin.Karak Azgaraz was a good touch to the Vermintide since we've visited an non ""dark"" place for once. Newly added corpses made the maps look pretty epic. Falchion is quite good in good hands because you sure to get some many kills, it's fun to use. Not much of a dwarf player so can't talk about the Pickaxe that much.UPDATE 14/05/2017New Stormdorf maps mix a lot of unique mechanics from old DLCs such Castle Drachenfels' darkness mechanic. While first mission being quite decent by length, it sure does not feel like it with all the barrell dragging and fighting inside darkness with bunch of hordes spawned on your way. Reaching Out... now, we are talking about some real stuff. Okay, so it starts in a shack where there's a storm going on. Good luck fighting against Rat Ogres in the tight streets of Stormdorf, it's quite challenging when hordes start filling the streets but while it's a long map with bunch of streets not going anywhere there is a boss you have to fight to finish mission and have no doubts. This guy is the most challenging enemy you'll face so far with his resistant armor and spawn of Stormvermin. While they made a new boss, I do have some problems on design. He is basically a stormvermin with bigger spear and some backpack ornament added but nothing more. There are some exploits on the Reaching Out map as well but they'll get fixed soon anyway. About the new weapon, after a LOOOOONNGGG time Krueber got his first DLC weapon on Stormdorf. It's a x5 headshot multiplier Executioners sword and it's quite strong a bit with fast swings but am I annoyed by this? Of course not! I enjoy every minute of it. Overall DLC is quite decent."
76561198203396404,Recommended,235540,31516914,Posted: 2 May,all,Robalo,"After 810 hours... I have all my reds (farmed a lot). Have all achievments. Can pretty much do all lines of banter by heart. So is pretty obvious what my opinion is...The beggining is hard. You don't know how to block effectivily or which weapon you may be good with. Until you get your game going you might grow frustated and rage quit. I plead to you, with tears on my eys to still try it.After the early game hell fun really begins. The combat is beatiful on its own way. Some people don't like the ragdools effect on the carnage, while I love it (on lore skaven are pretty much always starving so it makes sense to me to see them flying to kingdom come with a 2h hammer hitting them square at the chest).There is a simple story: a ragtag group of 3 humanthings + dwarf things + elf thing get together and to objectives. There is a framing device. There are colored weapons that let you kill stronger rats and get darker colored weapons. There are daily quests that are a great improvement since when i first started playing and mitigate the early game hell.Bots aren't the shapest knife of the lot... sometimes passable another brain dead. So if you and some m8s coul play together is perfect, playing solo will only make it harder to leanr the ropes and delay your enjoyment, but is pretty feasible if hard."
,Recommended,235540,29242711,Posted: 14 January,all,insanityv2 or something,"""this game is just an l4d clone, i cant think of anything that separates it"" - person who has never played above normal"
,Recommended,235540,29327882,Posted: 17 January,all,Jiggy,"This game is wonderful, you should for SURE buy it if you have friends to play with.That said, please make sure you all have good computers as this is a graphically demanding game but if you can run it well, oh my god the game is beautiful, I'd consider this a better L4D, because I just love the fantasy atmosphere. It's a very dark game but the characters are all excellent, their dialogue between each other whilst you play feels genuine and as if they're all friends who have been doing this for a while rather than strangers and they feel like very genuine characters.The controls are excellent, the gameplay is crisp.The farming elements and customization give the game a lot of replayability and there is no set ""best weapon"" for any character as all of the rarer items have special effects on them that might make some better than others. The enemies are pretty simple, but very well implemented, all missions are fun and playing on harder difficulties really does make it feel overwhelming, like it should.The game's still being worked on and with the new release of Karak Azgaraz, the future seems to promise a lot more content, not that the game needed it.Playing on harder difficulties is excellent because its very rare you get new players in harder missions with you as you have to beat the mission on the hardest difficulty available to you to unlock the next highest.Overall - 87/100, Best rat game on steam, easily."
,Recommended,235540,28009822,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stasis,"Vermintide is a beautiful blend of Warhammer Fantasy, co-op first-person hack and slash with a very similar structure to the Left 4 Dead series. The immaculate art, level design, voice acting and character interactions really captures the essence of the Warhammer Fantasy universe. While it seems Fatshark have been quite inspired by Valve's Left 4 Dead formula they've given Vermintide much more depth and replayability, primarily from the clever yet frustrating character progression.The character progression through obtaining new weapons, head gear, trinkets and even re-rolling traits/improving them on your weapons all revolves around RNG. While it can cause frustration it also gives more of a drive, sense of purpose to continue playing. There’s always something to work towards whether it be gaining levels, obtaining rare head gear, earning banners and much more all contributes to keeping the player invested and is a unique attribute I really appreciate about this game.The base game offers 13 enriching and unique levels all with various environments, objectives and aspects of lore, 5 different difficulties to climb and corresponding loot for your efforts. Additionally there is an endgame Last Stand mode where players fight endless hordes of Skaven to see how long they can last with all the flash gear they’ve obtained through the Adventure mode.Fatshark took two great things and fused them together, making it very much their own and did an incredible job. I’m very impressed that an Independent developer made such a polished, refined and beautiful game in 2 – 3 years. I highly recommend this game, for the amount of hours you will end up investing into this it’s worth every cent. My only warning would be that this game being solely co-op based requires friends to really get the most out of it. If you don’t have 3 other friends who will play make sure to make friends through the lobbies you join."
76561198036308889,Not Recommended,235540,18714065,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Harctor,"I don't mind this game and I love Warhammer, but it falls short in it's core gameplay mechanics and setting.People and review websites are giving this game way too much credit and praising the things that it actually get's wrong. I have seen many people praise it for it's good RPG elements, fun and exciting loot, as well as saying there is good class design, saying that they each have their own unique playstyle. No, it BARELY scrapes the surface of being an RPG and each class does not have their own unique playstyle, that is an absolute joke.1. It's a Warhammer game, but it doesn't matter. Warhammer is a deep universe, I expect to be immersed in the world, I expect depth. There's no reason this should be a Warhammer game. It's got no story, no narrative, no lore, no interesting characters. It's got no skills, it's got no classes and the different races of the 'classes' are completely meaningless, and on top of that there is no atmosphere, nothing close to a Warhammer feeling. They copied Left4Dead (to it's detriment) a bit too much, they made all the five playable characters practically identical. The only thing that separates them, is what weapons they use, and many of the classes have very similar weapons. Every playable character has the same HP, same defense, same movement, same dodge, same bashes, etc, the only thing different is what weapon they use. Their race means nothing, their profession means nothing. I expect the Witch Hunter to be unique, I expect the Waywatcher to be unique, because she is an elf and an archer AND this is Warhammer.People say that this game feels like a Warhammer game and captures it's essence in spades. If this blows you away like that, then when Total War Warhammer is released you will have a heart attack.2. The combat is simple but has a bit of depth. The use of bashing to knock down enemies and dodging backwards and to the sides helps the combat feel more involved, but for the most part you are spamming left click with the occasional right click and dodging/bashes. You repeat the same maps over and over. This is to be expected, but it would help if the combat was more interesting. All the good loot based games have skills. Diablo, Torchlight, Path of Exile, Grim Dawn, Borderlands, etc. On top of the skills in these games, they have equips with abilities that have skill changing effects. In Diablo, there are legendaries that extend the use of skills by providing a certain buff to them as well as possibly adding an extra mechanic(s) to that skill, while sets change skills drastically by adding extra mechanics and buffs to even multiple skills. Sets in conjunction with certain legendaries as well as certain skills make for many unique playstyles with many mechanics. All of these games have skills, all of them have unique weapons and armor. Warhammer Vermintide ONLY has weapons and they are boring. Nothing unique about them. There is a bow called a true flight bow. It aimbots the enemies head for you. That's as far as it goes.Traits are pretty much the closest thing that can make your weapons unique. They are abilities on your weapon, but they don't change much, they are boring. ""Heal some hp on hit, 3%-10% chance."", ""3% chance to instantly slay any sized enemy on charged attack hit."", ""% chance on kill to recover 20% ammunition for your ranged weapon.""Pyromancer is the only 'class' with anything unique about them. They have a heat meter, and you use your staff to do devastating AOE fire blasts. The more you do and the longer your charge these attacks, the quicker you charge up your heat meter, and when it's full you gotta cooldown. This is better than nothing. It just sucks because it is pretty much a disadvantage to have.You don't want to add skills? That is fine, but add something. Make weapons have abilities, make races have special traits, release some passives into the game so there is SOME diversity. COME ON, anything. Passives would be fine, along with weapon abilities. When I get an orange item, I want it to be epic. All it is, is a slightly better blue, but much harder to get. I want it to be special.Some of the trinkets have decent effects. ""60% less damage taken from gas clouds"", ""15% chance to not use a consumable on use"", ""When reviving, you cannot be interrupted"". These are the most radical effects in the game. This is Warhammer, the universe where moons are brought down from orbit with magic, but this is the best they can do. Weapons with effects like an AOE blast after you have done enough damage with the weapon or something is lore fitting and completely balanced.3. Progression. There is like none. The only thing to do in the game is to get loot, very lackluster loot. There are three equipment slots, technically. Melee weapon, ranged weapon and three trinket slots. WHY NO ARMOUR? Because they want every character to have the exact same HP and defense. There are cosmetic helmets. Regardless, you will spend a ton of time trying to get the perfect loot for one 'class', let alone all five, but that's not the point. It's a lot of effort to get the good loot from missions. Doing long missions on hard-nightmare with two grimoires and three tomes is no joke, it is hard, especially in public games. It's a big commitment and failing it, which will happen, is very demoralizing and time consuming, and you get nothing for your time spent if you do fail, even at the end. When you do succeed, you will most likely get a blue. If you do get an orange, most likely it's not for a 'class' you play, or you already have it. If you do get the one you want, it doesn't really mean much, and actually, if you do get the one you want, great, that's all the content for you, end game has been reached. What now? No skills, no cool effects, very lackluster and boring stats in game being extremely black and white with absolutely no diversity or depth. I have 6 oranges, so that's three of my classes geared to the teeth. I have no reason to play the game now really. I have nice weapons and getting an upgrade would require a massive amount of luck and time spent, time which I have absolutely no desire in committing in the hopes of getting a very minimal upgrade, while I actually just end up getting all blue items and a few orange items which are completely useless because I've already reached the dam end game. What's the point? There is no progression.I guarantee you, that this game is in it's honeymoon phase. I doubt many people will get over 100 hours of this game before they quit. Unless the devs drastically add end game content and more progression systems and maybe enhance the combat, I do not see this game having a significant player base in the near future. I thought I was going to play this game for a while, all of my friends thought so too, but that is not the case. DLC's with extra maps and more weapons won't cut it, not unless they are unique and different.4. Buggy as hell. From the Devs who brought you War of the Roses and War of the Vikings. It seems they are taking this seriously. They did however abandon War of the Vikings.ConclusionI don't think this genre, first person survival where every character is forced to be equal is good for a loot based game because since every character is completely equal, the combat has to be simple and the same for every 'class', making grinding very repetitive and boring. This game also does not feel like a Warhammer game. If they add some way to diversify yourself more in the game, be it skills, passives or weapon effects, it would help greatly. I think all of the five 'classes' should have something unique about them other than the weapons they can equip."
,Recommended,235540,31069149,Posted: 10 April,all,Licorice Nobake,"Considered among Warhammer fans to be the best thing to come out of the End Times plot, this 4-player cooperative game plays mostly like a melee-oriented Left 4 Dead -- in fact, it's been jokingly called Left 4 Rats. With an active forum and modding community, engaged developers, regular content releases, and an average of about 1000 players online at any given time, it's no Call Of Duty, but it's still a fun game with solid mechanics and a high skill cap. An engaging loot system ensures you always have a goal to work towards, and the game has something to offer for casual and hardcore players alike."
76561198006400472,Recommended,235540,34735740,Posted: 4 September,all,reincarN8ed,"On the surface, this game looks like a L4D2 mod. Fat Shark is not shy about the mechanics they borrowed from Valve's popular zombie shooter. You and 3 other players (survivors) fight off hordes of Skaven (zombies) while trying to make your way to a caravan (safe house) at the end of the level. There are even special Skaven who will pounce you, drag you away, carpet an area with poison, or throw you clear across the map.However...Vermtide is not just a re-skin of L4D2. The mechanics may be similar, but the atmosphere is completely different. The devs did a fantastic job capturing the feel of the Warhammer universe. Where melee weapons were just a feature in L4D2, here they take center stage. The 5 playable characters are not just skins; they each play completely differently and have access to different weapons. The dawrf has a shield that can block even the Rat Ogre and axes and hammers that pierce armor, the elf uses bows and daggers, the witch hunter can fire off a hail of bullets from flintlock pistols and then toss them aside like Neo in the Matrix finale, and my personal favorite the bright wizard can cast a number of fire-based spells to burn entire groups of Skaven.I think L4D2 fans will enjoy this fresh take on the classic co-op survival formula, and Warhammer fans will love the attention to detail in the atmosphere and characters.7/10**Note, this is not and IGN score where anything below a 7 is trash. 7/10 means this game is better than 70% of ALL games I've EVER played, in my opinion."
,Recommended,235540,30208056,Posted: 26 February,all,Bazan,"In short, do you like Left 4 Dead? Do you enjoy medieval warfare with magic? then this is a game for you!If you want a bit more detail then here ya go.Pros:- Literally is Left 4 Dead but with rats, swords and magic! Like seriously, every special zombie from L4D is in the game but in a rat skin :p it's kinda great. It's super refreshing to play L4D again but with a medieval setting.- There's 5 different heroes with different weapons. They all have a ''different'' playstyle, some are more range focused, some a more close range, some are crowd control etc. Which brings a fun sense of variety to the game that is very needed. Also the heroes has jokes they sometime says which makes for a good giggle.- Different weapons and rarity! Upgradable stuff!Cons:-The only real problem I have with this game is that it is not very populated. Usually I'm already 30% through the map before anyone joins, and most of the time they leave when that map is over. So it's kinda difficult to have a consistant team for several maps. Luckily good people are more plentiful than toxic people so there's that. If you have friend(s) to play with, then that solves the problem somewhat.- Can become repetitive for some. Luckily there are different objectives on some maps which helps a little bit, though they all have the same goal, slice through the hoard of rats and get out safely.- Is heavy on the computer if you wanna run high settings. Probably due to all the rat hair :IPro and con, depending on personal opinion:Obtaining loot can be a chore for some. For me, it's mixed. It's 100% rng what weapon you get and a bit less rng on what rarity it is. You can highten the chance of getting a rare item with ''colletibles'' you find in the form of tomes, loot dye and grimore in each campaign map, which also are cleverly hidden around the map, easy to find when you know where but if not, good luck finding them. They also give an extra sense of challenge for the reward you get from them. Tome replaces health item and grimore replaces potions (Either strength or speed)."
,Recommended,235540,25056427,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bear,"I wont beat around the bush: Vermintide is a rough diamond.The game itself is solid, the mechanics all fit in together to create a fun, exciting game that I constantly find hard to stop playing. It isn't without bugs however, which are at times slow to be patched due to the small dev team working on this game, coupled with lingering performance issues, especially for those with weaker processors.Many people will be turned off by looking at Fatsharks past with dropping development on games early. Looking deeper you'll find Fatshark had no say with them; it was due to their publisher at the time. Vermintide is fully published and developed by Fatshark, and many of the people on the team are hardcore Warhammer fans. It really does show when you play the game. The characters are incredibly indepth, lore friendly, and full of fun banter and history. The world is beautifully designed, with the art and sound coming together to really make you immersed while you hang on for dear life.The community is small due to a mixture of issues on and post release, but is dedicated and very friendly. Most of the hateful players seemed to have dissapeared, and the good ones who remain definitely make the game worth playing. I play in Australia however, so I can't speak for any other region. YMMV.The best thing however is the development team isverycommunicative. I haven't seen a dev team so invested in their community in a long while, and it's incredibly refreshing coming from TF2 where Valve is very tight-lipped on anything that they do. Fatshark are constantly reading feedback and working on balancing issues, and take the time to do giveaway and streams for their playerbase whilst also giving us sneak peaks into their development process.All in all, despite all the hardships, issues and delays, I highly recommend giving Vermintide a try. With the console release around the corner, which should also be bundled with the new Quests and Contracts DLC for free to flesh out the loot system, now is the perfect time to delve into the game and battle it out in Ubersreik and beyond. You might just get addicted. But hopefully nottooaddicted."
76561198105802549,Recommended,235540,23247403,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TwoPump,"Fun game to play with mates online. There are a few bugs, but they do not limit the enjoyment of rat killing too much"
76561198022022948,Recommended,235540,33570099,Posted: 15 July,all,Jeeve79,"Vermintide is a hidden jewel of a game. Underrated and just not popular due to minimal marketing and some annoying bugs when it released. But all that is patched now. Great to play coop with 3 other friends, 4 players max.The map design, sound fx and music, the dark warhammer atmosphere ...  its all there and looks amazing.The hit detection that makes u chop off skaven limbs and heads is a lot of fun and the loot system has undergone an overhaul to deliver to the needs of the players. U can take a risk by dropping health potion and carry a relic to the end wich will give u extra dice to roll when u finish the mission. It has different interesting classes and u can play it like a shooter a little bit, but the melee combat is very satisfying as well. If u like warhammer or just looking for a good coop 1st person hack and slasher to play with your mates, set in an amazingly dark gloomy world, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,235540,21826107,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,oddbasket,"An Asian PerspectiveFirst of all, it's hard to justify recommending this game despite how much I've enjoyed it because this game is very exclusive to the US region.If you live in Asia/SEA region, it's best to give it a pass unless you already have reliable friends who's going to play with you.Statistically, the game lobby lists ~70% as US games, the rest mostly EU. Asian players make up <5% of the 300-500 active players during peak hours.I have seen too many players buy the game and give up quickly because they have no one to play with, which was one of the reason I created a steam group for our region and remained active for quite a while.The game itself is extremely fun and challenging. The survival of the players depend heavily on team cohesiveness and communication which adds another layer of enjoyment. It can get overwhelming and frustrating in pick up groups without this layer for the loner player.Due to the reserved culture/nature of Asian players, initiatively opening up to players through VOIP is not common, hence the game doesn't thrive in our region.TL:DRThe game failed to establish a foothold outside of US and EU. No point wasting money to buy since the game is dead in Asia/SEA region."
76561198043454585,Not Recommended,235540,21528663,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Grinn,"Terrible loot system that breeds toxicity. one can play a 1k hours and still not get 2 or 3 trinket esential for high difficulty level, never mind the fact one need to play those levels for such loot.So far after 200+ hours, only 3 headgear, 2 for a character i played 3 times and 1 for my main.  Amongst the plethora of customization the devs made, they block it all with RNG like some cheap F2P devils.Dying population not addresed with maps or mods.New dlc lackluster and wrecks balance for some items.Here's hoping the devs have some sense to see this situation. Here's a thumbs down for the point."
,Recommended,235540,18633791,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Shuck,If you liked L4D and you enjoy Warhammer Fantasy then you will most like enjoy this game.  They took many of the elements that made L4D great and improved upon them.
76561198003139823,Recommended,235540,33675903,Posted: 20 July,all,Napalm Bonerfart,"First and foremost, if you think this game is simply a melee-centric rip-off of Left 4 Dead (2), then you're either sadly mistaken, misinformed, or have only a highly shallow perception of the combat in this game. L4D(2) is PvPvE, because players can play the special zombies. In Vermintide there is NO PvP and there's no Friendly Fire until you player on the two hardest difficulties of the game. Combat is vastly different. With the obvious difference of Vermintide being melee-centric, L4D(2) primarily rewards twitch shooting in its primary form of combat: ranged. While there are subtle nuances to this, again it's all based around the ranged twitch shooting of the player. In Vermintide this is hardly the case. With melee being the primary focus, it's less about twitch shooting and more about managing your actual attacks and crwod-control abilities, as well as defenses, as best you can. With the ability to block, dodge, parry, and other such things Vermintide's combat tends to be far more involved, forcing players to take heavy considerations on when attacking is even the best option. This truly becomes apparent in the two hardest difficulties, where you might spend far more time dodging, blocking, and parrying than you actually spend attacking your enemy. The more your play, the more you'll come to understand all of this, which segues into the next issue.Second, if you hear that there's an RPG element to this game and feel that new players likely get mistreated, you're only half right. The levels you gain in this game are indicative of your overall experience in the game. Thusly, your level gives you no inherent advantages except for how others see/treat you. Lower level players are generally seen as junior, with most under the level 40 being seen as ""noobs"". Higher level players are seen as senior, with some people ridiculously high level to the point of being looked upon as being elite. Yes, this DOES harbor some elitism in the player base, but in general much of this can be circumvented by new players IF the new players either listen to the advice of the senior players OR show a decent understanding of the deeper nuances of the game. If you're a new player that's dropping fast and swinging wildly, don't expect veteran players to respect you or even give you the time of day. One easy way to know if you're worth your weight in salt: Are you performing better than the veteran's bots? If so, you're generally fine. If not, then you might want to start learning the game more. Also, remember that not all enemies should be confronted. Rushing into a fight can spell disaster, even more so when the veteran players know not to prompt an attack but a newer player forces it anyways, forcing the veteran players to waste time and resources having to clean up the mistakes of newer players.In L4D(2) each mission your go into has you starting off with more-or-less a clean slate, with pick-up items at various checkpoints and at the start. In Vermintide there's an RPG element where you equip weapons and special equipment beforehand in a system much like an RPG. At the end of each level there's a loot roll system that includes such things as rare and legendary gear as well as trinkets that can have somewhat large effects on gameplay (also of various rarities). Only healing items, special potions, and bombs get picked up throughout the level, as well as special items intended on imrpoving your loot rolls at the end of each level. Also, there is a contract system in place in Vermintide that asks you to fulfill special conditions in specific missions in order to unlock various items of your choosing. There is a weapon crafting system in Vermintide as well. L4D(2) does not contain much of this, going more for fast-and-casual drops into a game with no long-term investment required (unlike in Vermintide, which rewards long-term investment).Level designs in Vermintide (IMO) are simply better than in L4D(2). Part of this stems from the no-PvP nature of the game. It does not have to concern itself with finding paths to create for player-controled enemies to quickly and/or quietly enter the fight. Vermintide also gets teh full advantage of being based on the fantasy setting of Warhammer Fantasy, which allows for such things as maps with strange magical occurances and other other-worldly happenings. A quick example, there is a level that takes place in a Mage's Tower. This level sees you running across an open grassy field set ablaze and later on some kind of large mountain... all WITHIN the tower that's hardly bigger (on the outisde) than most clock towers. In general you'll see a large variety of maps and missions to choose from, moreso than in L4D(2).Finally, but not least, the developers of Vermintide are still actively involved with the game, continuing to add DLCs and Free-LCs to the game, as well as constantly patching out bugs, generating special events based on holidays, seasons, etc, and continuing to (in general) improve the quality of the game as much as possible, based on community feedback. Not many developers cling to a project this long after the initial launch, even less so with this amount of passion and transparency.If you came to read this review or look at Vermintide hoping to find a Left 4 Dead (2) clone, then you came to the wrong place. If you're hopping into Vermintide expecting your Left 4 Dead (2) experience to be of any help, you'll be sadly mistaken. If you think Vermintide is completely dead, you're dead wrong. It's still alive, the developers are still adding more to it, and it's still a blast to play."
,Recommended,235540,18508710,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Feri,"Like L4D2, but with an inventory, potions and classes.I really recommend this game to everyone, who like co-op first person hack'n'slash. And if you dont like rats: KILL THEM ALL!"
,Recommended,235540,29098430,Posted: 7 January,all,Azari,"What at the begining felt like mindless-rat-slaughther-boring-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t turned out to be greatly polished, insanely fun game with rewarding skill dependent combat, gloomy atmosphere and brilliant voiceacting. I'm amazed!"
76561198025863502,Recommended,235540,23245040,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Samissle,"A 4-player melee-based squad campaign similar in structure to L4D.Positives:1. Very satisfying melee and combat in general2. Very good atmosphere and some Warhammer lore (but don't worry about it if you don't know anything about warhammer)3. Endlessly re-playable though some spawns and events are predictable4. If one person owns DLC everyone else plays for freeNegatives:1. Incredibly grindy loot system2. Very small player base3. Some maps seem uninspired compared to othersShould I get this game:If you're just playing solo, probably not.  This is a fun game to hop on with at least one friend, preferably four.  Go in with a group"
,Recommended,235540,18655042,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[Gwyn]Grin Reaper,"This game...this game really filled out that hole that was left in me after L4D more or less died...never really got into the sequel so i was waiting for something like this. And now its here and i think this game can be something even better than L4D if it will actually expand and maybe just maybe will ad community maps and mods. But even now without those things this game is really fun, the combat is responsive and once you stop just mashing buttons you can pull out some cool things, Characters got cool chemistry between them and the design is jsut awesome...only thing that brings the game down is the frikkin optimalization. I have pretty good computer and i am playing on medium settings and sometimes even that is problem...but i hope for some patches and also Nvidia should do something about it."
76561198018641588,Not Recommended,235540,21646033,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RocketMan,"TL;DR. One of the best games i've ever played, until recently suffering updates that focused massively on removing mechanics that helped the players instead of also focusing in fixing the glitches that ruin the game. This company has also failed to meet it's deadlines, it seems like that they spent too much time something that was broken, but fun in it's own unique way, instead of actually adding promissed content.Please be aware that this is a review from somebody who solely plays on cataclysm, if you play on another difficulty please don't bother.Now let's talk about the balancing and debugging.-They have now removed block revive, which was a strong and vital part of the game, if you go down on cataclysm during a horde, you are bound to die, unless all of your teammates have distraction on their weapons, this did not use to be the case, the block revive used to be a counter part glitch that helped the players to the overwhelming ammount of glitches that sought out to punish the players (i.e. rats hitting through walls, under the floor, or through the ceiling).So if you decide to remove a glitch that actually was a good mechanic in the game, why not also remove one of the most hated and frustrating bugs in your game? It does not add up.Weapon variety is a joke, specially on the wizard, who only used the beam staff which now got ridiculously nerfed, making her virtually useless, i won't even mention the other staffs, even after the buffs, they are still a punch in the gut to the players.Did you know crossbows existed?Did you know the Witch hunter had an axe?Did you know the Captain can use a 1 handed sword and prettend to be the wizard?Did you know Kerillian has a shortbow?Kerillian can use a single sword, why?This.Is.A.JokeNow, on to the specialsGlobadiers - Globe rat resistance has been nerfed shortly (90%-60%) after massively buffing the globadiers. This has resulted in situations where if you have a horde and a globadier that you cannot spot, you are already wiped, and even if you do spot him, goodluck using your handgun to headshot a small, glitchy head in the middle of the horde, because they are just that tanky.Previous to the nerf, globe rats still spammed enough globes and poison to the point of seriously injuring the players, but giving them a chance to survive a situation you are cornered in.Continuing on this trinket, it seems fatshark forgot the purpose of these trinkets, you have a maximum of 3, and on cataclysm, you do need the grimoire resistance, or you get 1 shot by a rat that will hit you through shove, or through the wall. You also need poison resistance, or once you have both grims, the sheer impact of the globe would kill you instantly. And then you have the choice of another trinket. So all this ""great variation of gameplay"" brought by trinkets are a massive joke, even more so now, where you waste a trinket slot to deal with a specific kind of special rat, and it won't even do that anymore.Packmasters - Ah yes, the ghosts of vermintide, ethereal beings that are imune to unit collision, marching towards you during a horde, ignoring every rat possible, grabing you through all the rats or a wall and draging you to a death that is certain, even if your team is around, best case scenarion would be to go down, and helped by your team during the horde by block reviv... oh wait..After 300 hours playing this game, i have defended it constantly and passionately from its critics, but update after update i have become more and more tired and disapointed in the direction this game is taking."
,Recommended,235540,32287825,Posted: 9 June,all,Cpl Brown [1RRF],"Can't really say much about this one. One of the absolute best games that you can leave for MONTHS, come back to and know exactly where you were with little to no reintroduction needed. The game is very, very simple; the community is helpful and by and large really friendly; the interface is out of your way and easy to read; the combat is fantastic (and makes some really messy sounds) and there are an absolute metric crap ton of things to do.It also needs saying that in no game has firing an arquebus/black powder firearm been so SATISFYING."
76561198248100016,Recommended,235540,34334735,Posted: 18 August,all,myaah!,"It's so sad that even without trying I see tens and tens of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AAA title trailers and teasers but I have NOT heard about this game for 2 years. This is what gaming has come to. AAA titles rule the market with their complete utter unoriginality and graphics/story oriented ""gameplay"" while gems like this game fall into the background.This is one of those games that lasts, for me, because as you play, you become better and it rewards a good player, meanwhile story is left on the side so you can deal with it whenever you want to, whether you want to.Everything is as immersive as it comes, you know the voice acting is 10/10 when you never ever in just one line question ""why would someone say that"". Same can be said for the aesthetics, and mostly the combat which is really satisfying. They took what's good in L4D2 and basically improved it and molded it into something similar yet different but in a good way.Hands down best fps melee-oriented (sorta) game I've ever played in my 17 years of gaming career."
,Recommended,235540,18628382,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,labtob,I'm really enjoying this so far (still in beta).  Go Live is tomorrow and I'm hyped!Get it if you love Warhammer and Left 4 Dead style gameplay.
,Recommended,235540,18541699,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Smug Wendy,"Warhammer: End Times  - Vermintide, while having quite the long winded name is no game to scoff at. Its replay value lies in the left 4 dead team play nature and a variable selection of weapons aquired through mission success. The combat feels good and the story telling for what there is of it is strong aswell, predominantly through during combat dialogue. The characters all fill their lore specific roles and their voice actors hit the nail on the head with how they should act and treat eachother. The game can be quite challenging with a group of randoms even on normal, certain enemy types are especially dangerous, but that makes communication and effective action feel even more gratifying. Once you start playing with a group of friends is when it gets truely interesting mixing the strengths and weaknesses of each hero along with the even greater difficulty of hard and on the feeling of victory can truely be amazing although the defeats can get quite frustrating."
76561198045860673,Recommended,235540,24162963,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beercules,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a four player cooperative action game that takes the player to the fantasy realm of Warhammer during their version of the apocalypse, and the first stage, the Skaven rat hordes.Pros-Beautiful graphics-Rich story-True to source material-Very fun cooperative play-Variety of game play, offers challenging levels-Grimoire collectable system adds difficulty and reward-Character play/ build options-Balanced, varied characters-Great developer support, helpful-DLC handled very wellCons-Loot system (better but still eh)-Player forced to farm few same levels to progress their equipment (Fatshark has addressed this)-Declining player baseGraphics = 10/10The graphics are great and current with generation. The visuals and imagery are absolutely amazing, the developers really treat it as a passion and add vast amounts of detail into the level designs.Music = 7/10The music is done well and appropriate to the setting, however the tavern music can get old fast while waiting for a lobby. During suspenseful moments in a level the music really adds to the atmosphere.Cinematics = 7/10There are not a whole lot of cinematics found in the game, the few that are present are gorgeous graphics and add to the overall experience of the game.Story 10/10The story of Vermintide is really where it flourishes. While progressing through the levels as they are made available, you follow the story of your band of rag-tag heroes fighting off the Skaven hordes in the town of Ubersreik during the early days of the End Times. What really makes the story so amazing in this game is the lore from the Warhammer franchise and how well developers, Fatshark, has done in utilising the source material.Content 8/10There is tons of content to keep you replaying, a good variety of levels and level types, as well as loot/ equipment progression (however frustrating the loot system can be). Fatshark has also struck gold in how to handle DLC, there have been a share of free updates and content, and a couple paid DLC. The paid DLC offers a good amount of content for the price, but what really makes it unique is the fact that if you own the DLC, anyone who joins your game can benefit and play the content and vice versa.Controls 9/10The controls are easily learned, and complicated to master, in a good way. The controls are fluent and easy to jump into the game with, as well as the further you progress in game difficulty the more you are required to use advanced controls and tactics.Gameplay 8/10Character selection offers plenty of variety from character to character, as well as weapon selection offers varied play styles within each character. Each level has its own goals to meet to progress and finish, with some repeated mechanics, but enough uniqueness to set each level apart. Added in an update was the Last Stand mode which offered a round based survival game mode which brought its own large amount of gameplay.Overall 8.5/10Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide can be paralleled in playstyle to Left 4 Dead with its four player coop mission based survival gameplay. However Vermintide goes the distance in setting itself away from Left 4 Dead and other games in the genre with its excellent story, content, character options, and fluent melee combat. I couldn't recommend this game more to fans of either the coop action/ survival genre, fans of the Warhammer universe, or even fans of lore rich dark fantasy."
76561197999003511,Recommended,235540,28491964,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cheshire Vash,"If you loved Left 4 Dead but have grown bored with it over the years and have been wondering why no one else has attempted thes same type of game then this is the perfect game for you. it is essentilly l4d with ratmen instead of zombies and a much greater focus on melee combat. The melee combat feels so much better and more satisfying then what you would find in skyrim. loot based system makes one feel like they are rewarded for continuing to play but unfortunately it can feel very frustrating at times, even more so being able to see what loot you ""missed"" on the random rolling chart."
,Recommended,235540,22384915,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,III,"Oh my God I just found a rat's nest. Slaughtered about... 200 of 'em. It's like whole generations of those things have died at my hands. Mothers, fathers, grandfathers... little baby rats. Yeah... sometimes I wonder ya know? ...If our lives are really more valuable than theirs, you know what I mean?Alright, suppose I better get back to it. These rats aren't going to bash themselves."
76561198005446306,Recommended,235540,32231764,Posted: 6 June,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"I'm more into WH40k than Warhammer Fantasy and this game has introduced me to the latter. I realized it's just as grimdark as 40k with rich lore and characters. This is a fun coop game following the Left 4 Dead formula with good results, creating an overall tense, dark atmosphere of being constantly assailed by the unpredictable Skaven Ratmen. The implementation of a loot system has made the game more fulfilling after each run. My only gripe is the lack of maps. More would be nice.The devs should release an expansion campaign featuring several new maps or something (just my 2 cents)."
,Recommended,235540,19808823,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,|Sa|-Skoaliosis-[PRiSoN],"INCREDIBLY addicting.Extremely well designed mapsVoice acting and banter between characters is well done and humorous at times.Very authentic Warhammer details in the world (♥♥♥♥ing skulls everywhere)Melee combat is responsive and seeing a rat go flying from my 2H hammer NEVER gets oldSTRONG emphasis on team based play. on the higher difficulties you will not survive alone long.Decent variety of weapons for each characterYou can outfit your character of choice to fulfill multiple rolesDevs regularly ask for feedback on Twitter and Reddit.Cant recommend it enough, buy it now."
,Recommended,235540,23088970,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SociableStream,"Its an interesting spin on the left for dead formula. Fans of the LFD series will enjoy the level designs and new mechanics. As advertised in the trailers, the combat system really does satisfy, every swing connects in very different ways. Different weapons behave in completely different ways. The ranged combat feels rewarding and serves as your primary defence againstSpecial InfectedSpecial Skaven. Overall this is a very action oriented game that looks and feels nice to play.5/5 Would Recommend.[Addendum 9/4] How about that seeking ranger bow? Just aimbot my♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
76561198008258575,Recommended,235540,28451524,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Gen Shishio,"Summary: This game is fantastic. Well worth full price, a steal when on sale; if you like first-person action co-op games you can't go wrong with this title. It's also playable by yourself with bots.+Awesome melee combat with great ragdoll physics. Hacking and smashing vermin never gets old.+Huge, beautiful, dark fantasy maps: rain slicked cobblestone streets of the city of Ubersreik, dark shadowy forests, creepy gothic cemetaries, a sprawling dwarven fortress atop ice-swept mountains... Every map looks hand-crafted and enhances the dark atmosphere of the game. Aspiring game designers should study these levels. They are near perfect.+Easy to fine-tune the difficulty through the map settings as well as with Grimoires (tomes that limit your max health but offer a greater chance for better loot.+Excellent voice-acting, every character feels unique and is brimming with personality.+Each weapon has a very different feel. Two-handers swing slow but hit hard, some weapons are better at killing groups of lesser enemies, etc. The balance isn't 100% perfect, but it's solid and the developer is still tweaking them in patches which is always nice to see.+Bots will use the weapons the host equips them with. If you get a new weapon for a character you're not playing; you can still use it for a bot when you host.-Only 5 characters to choose from. They're all different, but it would be fun to have a few more to choose from. I'd love to see an orc added to the mix.-Bot AI can be quirky, although the recent patch has improved this a bit.-Failing long missions can be frustrating. You get virtually nothing for failing, even if you made it through most of the map.-No witchhunter bot. It would be nice if the game randomized (or let you choose) which bots accompany you on a map."
,Recommended,235540,18580837,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dotoo,"In case you are checking this title as replacement of PAYDAY 2 because the devs ♥♥♥♥ed against community, I have almost 4000 hour played on PAYDAY 2 and I am NOT mad about the famous community rage against the microtransactions. I just wanted to try a new game other than PAYDAY 2 without too much expectation on this title.I was wrong. This game is amazing. It is much better when played than watching gameplay vid on youtube or trailers. Just buy it."
76561198134912396,Recommended,235540,24989158,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Goryrory,"One of my favourite games of all timeIf youve got friends to play with its very fun and has lasted me so much longer than left 4 dead.It's melee based and will test how quick you are to dodge hit and block.It does have some problems with glitching out sometimes but all of the unplayable glitches have been taken out, therefore if your finding the game quite hard you should probably lower the difficulty, get better loot or just get better in the game as it is mostley skill based.Overall I think in comparison it masters the 4 player coop and slappes left 4 dead round the face.The only problems that realy annoy me are the bugs and glitches that have mostley been fixed and the elitists on the game of which otherwise the community is a very friendly bunch.That is all I have to say and hope you find this usefull :) ."
76561197971795602,Recommended,235540,25121906,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CrazyGoblin,"Yes, it's Left 4 Skaven. I see a lot of reviewers on here complaining about how it's basically a L4D clone, but let's face it... L4D is fun.Now, what exactly does this game do /differently/ from the original?First off, the individual characters each have their own specific weapons available to them, so your character choice actually plays a part in determining your role in the group. The empire soldier and the dwarf ranger are rather similar in their potential loadouts, but even they have their particular specialties and uses. Also the dwarf is indeed a shorter model, so you can just shoot over his head when he's running around. Also he can squeeze into map locations he probably should've be able to get into, which is always good fun.Team cohesion is as important as always, the melee combat system feels really good and weighty, ammo management gains an added level of complexity as there are now single-use ammo drops, as well as a few weapons that do not consume a finite ammo source in exchange for an overheating mechanism that, if managed poorly, can cause you to explode violently.The loot system is as frustrating as it is rewarding. Maps can have special items that you can pick up and take with you in order to improve your odds of getting high-level gear when the level is completed, but these items tend to impede you in some way; either by taking up the medical item slot or by outright reducing the max health of everyone in the party. It's a tradeoff between greed and survivability that I personally find quite interesting.A couple of the more disruptive/damaging enemy specials actually have friendly fire as well, which can result in some rather interesting situations where you can get them to clear out most of the enemy horde on their own or even help bring down a tank if you don't just immediately shoot them and manage their aggro properly.I personally feel the game does indeed offer a lot of depth and fun on top of the established gameplay, and the fact that it's Warhammer Fantasy just makes it all the better for my part. However, that said, the game DOES have some rather glaring issues...The friendly bot AI is COMPLETELY useless. If someone drops out of the game thanks to one of the many crashes or instability issues, the rest of the team has to make the decision to either babysit the little idiot until someone reconnects, or just ignore and sacrifice it because the bot will actually make the game /harder/ than just having a dead player. You need to be a hardened veteran of the game and know exactly what you're doing in order to lead a bot team through a level on even the easiest difficulty setting. They're really that bad.The crashes... As mentioned, this game crashes. A lot. You might CTD while joining a game, or you might crash at the very end of a very difficult and lengthy run through a level, and thus lose out on any XP or items gained from completing that run. Rage will be had.The DLC loot. This is something of a minor gripe, but the Drachenfels DLC introduced a couple new weapons that can be looted. Now, these weapons are seriously good, easily on par with the other preferred weapon types for those classes. The good thing is that players without the DLC can play with a host who does have it, and will get the same chance of having those items drop from the loot table.The bad thing is, they will ONLY drop from the three DLC missions, even for players who own the DLC. And it's very rare that they'll even show up in the loot table at all, which will then get rolled on to see if that's the one item out of the table you get. The DLC missions are also by no means designed for easy farming, and all three levels are quite lengthy, even the ""short"" one that doesn't include the loot improvement items. Just getting some variation of one of these weapons is a rare achievement in and of itself, but getting one of the right rarity with actually helpful traits? Hah.Thankfully, the game does have upgrade/trait reroll stations available for items, but these require quite a lot of farming as well as their services are rather pricey.Probably my one biggest gripe with the gameplay is a rather core issue... The item stats.Each item has a stats screen displaying its damage, rate of fire/attack, AoE, special abilities like an extra headshot multiplier or armor-piercing abilities or whatever, displayed as a series of bars that are filled to varying degrees.First problem: Bars are not necessarily the most accurate method of determining how well one thing measures against another.Second problem: They LIE. Do NOT trust the stats screen! It is, in almost all cases, COMPLETELY IRRELEVANT TO THE ACTUAL WEAPON. The community has spent a long time digging through the code and testing weapons, and have found so many inconsistencies that the whole ingame representation should effectively be ignored.A crossbow may show the same level on the damage bar as a musket, but in actuality the crossbow deals only somewhere around HALF the damage of the musket, EXCEPT against enemies with a particular kind of armor type that is not mentioned in the ingame hints. Melee weapons will have limits on how many rats they can hit in each swing, something that becomes very important on higher difficulty levels but is never accurately mentioned in the stats screen. One weapon that lacks the ""armor piercing"" designation is in fact just as effective against heavily armored units as any weapon that DOES have the tag mentioned ingame. All this and more awaits the unwitting player who looks around for a little extra info concerning the game.Furthermore, the future of this game is a bit hazy... Much as we'd all like a new expansion or a sequel of some sort, it's rather uncertain how much more work Fatshark are planning on putting into this, particularly with how the game is getting reviewed (""It's like L4D, therefore boo"").To finish this up, I would like to reiterate that this game 1) DOES have more than its fair share of issues. It is by no means perfect. 2) DOES build upon the L4D standard, and adds a lot more depth and complexity with team composition and what weapons/trinkets to take into which situations. 3) IS more than capable of providing you with your money's worth in time spent cursing the incessant hordes and laughing exhaustedly at how you miraculously managed to survive a particularly tense run.For all its flaws, I do recommend it. Oh, yeah, and remember to look up the wonderful community guides and online pages to find out what your weapons are ACTUALLY doing."
,Recommended,235540,35194600,Posted: 24 September,all,RAWCATS,"What a heck of a game!While it is an obvious Left 4 Dead clone, I would say Vermintide is better. It builds on the solid core mechanics of l4d and adds in a whole lot more content. Amazing and balanced player classes and a huge loot / gear system!Another nice bonus is the ""contracts"" system - daily missions with extra rewards."
76561198037405428,Recommended,235540,23519145,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Authentic Mikutard,"This is based on playing it during free weekend:The recent reviews leave me a bit confused. Maybe it's personal taste because I think overall it's a pretty decent game and I recomend it with this minor catch: ->GET IT WITH A BIG DISCOUNT. <- It's a fun, tight, arcady, gritty looking, co-op slaughter fest. Since you are playing with people, it can get very tactical when you meet more experience players, not much unlike it's ""spiritual mentor"" left 4 dead.I have to agree that it's ->SHORT ON CONTENT<- this is all the more apparent when you take into account the game this was heavily inspired in: Left 4 dead, coupled with the fact that Vermintide does not have workshop or a robust addon system/developer tools for a thriving modding community to form.It's hours of gameplay will only extend with the increase in dificulty and/or desire for better weapons. Both of wich are optional and the latter frustrating for some players since you can get weapons for a class you aren't fond of playing.Don't forget to put it in windowless fullscreen if it resets the resolution for you at game startup. And since this is a very action paced game: setting your vertical FoV to larger value and turning blurrs and bobbing settings to OFF if you feel tired or dizzy after playing for a while. The ->OPTIONS ARE THERE<- as they should be on a pc game, we play in front of the monitor on most cases, not 3 meters from the screen.I had alot of fun even with the ocasional hilarious bugs, like rat yo-yoing corpse with it's head stuck on wall and neck streching as you hit it xD (I guess this physics type of incedent only isn't more frequent because of the nice ->HEAVY GORE<- the game has).You also have the chance to play the dlc missions pack without owning when joining a random mission."
76561198083332440,Recommended,235540,23886835,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Malakai,"Bought it in the summer sale.Was able to join a game on the drachenfels map which i did not buy.Played for 1 hr with completely random people and they were really nice, healing me an explaining stuff since i was totally new to it.Was told that you need not have the dlc maps to play in them, can join with other people who have it.Went and bought the 2 DLCs right after that since any game dev who does this deserves support.Had fun the whole morning joining games with random people and killling skaven. I mean they were really nice and explained basic things to me and waited for me when i could not keep up. It was awesome. My only gripe is that i could not find those players on the steam ""People you've recently played with"" option to add to my friends list.BTW, i am a big fan of the warhammer fantasy lore and the devs have really got the whole setting spot on. Right from the start at the inn i was awed. When i read the 'Gotrek & Felix' and 'Mathias Thulmann' series this is how i pictured Altdorf and Marienburg in my mind, dirty & grimy yet full of mystery & possibilities. The look of the characters to the rain filled puddles and the misty forest level are exactly how Felix described the old world. Sigh! if only they could make this into an open world game like the Witcher series with orcs & undead & druchii and the liitle villages dotted on the empire map, it would be an instant GOTY.PS: Sorry for the long rant but this game is a real GEM!!!"
76561198007165721,Recommended,235540,18705432,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bourlingueur,"It's L4D with swords, maces, hammers, bows, crossbows, muskets and magic. The loot system makes it more interesting, but there are only 12-13 locations, so it's a bit short. However, there is plenty of replayabilty, as you'll try to find all the tomes, grimoires and whatnots that give you xp boosts and a better chance at better loot. The game is also harder than L4D, even on the easiest mode, in part because your computer allies are complete idiots that will continuously charge hordes to their death or freeze for no good reason. Play it with friends and stay close to each other, or you'll never make it."
76561198084747778,Recommended,235540,28907700,Posted: 1 January,all,Thunderhawk270,"Basically Left 4 Dead 2 with Swords, Bows, Crossbows, Axes, Hammers hacking and slashing countless and by countless I mean ""OMG THERE IS TOO MANY THINGS ON MY SCREEN!!!"" Or 'HELP IM BEING CHOKED BY A RAT WITH A LONG STICK"".This is by far an insanely amazing game to play alone, with random people or with friends.The community is very nice and there are alot of Missions to do and VERY VERY HARD difficulties.There are hidden features you can figure out for yourself.Also it has a loot system so you can improve your prefered Hero.If you want a game to keep youself busy for a long time.BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,235540,35032486,Posted: 17 September,all,AV Archivist,"This game is awesome. It was a little slow/awkward to get into at first as there's not a lot of direction and the story is told sorta through ""immersion osmosis"" but once you -do- get immersed in the game it's just fantastic.The atmoshphere is perfect. The battles are always fun and fresh. The difficulty settings are extremely well polished. Level design, characters, enemies, music, gameplay is all great. My only beef is that the vanilla friendly bots are hecka herpderps... do yourself a favour and use the bot improvement mod. It makes the game sooooo much more enjoyable, often even when compared to playing with other humans who can really torpedo a run in a skill-based team-oriented game like this."
,Recommended,235540,22579229,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Defiant Heretic,"Left4Dead in Warhammer universe. Every mechanic from it is here, actually EVERYTHING including special enemies (with very similar reaction to them) and horde mechanic - so if you are looking for fresh coop-experience with friends or alone - this is a good chance to continue where you left your l4d addiction :) Only big diference is focus on melle fighting and that require a bit of learning curve; items and weapons for your heroes chosen before the mision starts; obtaing them from dice rolls after every successful misions :) WARHAMMER UNIVERSE - thats the big time plus for me. Sadly, other than that exact copy of old and great concept ...++ Coop experience+ Nice graphic and combat animations+ Depiction of Warhammer universe+ Leveling+ Dificulty tiers feels right+ Melle fighting mechanics+ Crafting and collecting weapons and items-- L4D copy- AI of bots and enemies makes solo play rather awful- Overall glitches and bugs (oh yeah, to be grapped by hook through a wall is some hard bulls**t)- Grind for weapons, items and resources can be tidious- Weapon balancing (- Only 13 misions available to play at the time of review + DLC Last stand mode - limited longetivity- Story plays secondary role to whole game6,5/10""A very decent game and worth of a try despite all imperfections. Add one point up if you have a friend to play with"""
,Recommended,235540,25540021,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Frostilyte,"Vermintide is a game that I adore. Its fast paced combat and challenging difficulty have made it a favourite game of mine to play. It's a 4 player co-op PVE game where you and 3 other players take on an army of Warhammer rat-men as you traverse various levels and challenges. Your reward for success is loot, which you can upgrade over time, or use to get alternative loot. While I've quite enjoyed the game it has always had a number of bugs, performance problems and stabilitiy issues, none of which have affected me greatly enough to have soured my experience with the game. It is not for everyone due largely to the repetitiveness of the loot grind and lack of variety in the stages and game modes, but if you enjoy fast paced action, challenge and loot acquisition this might be one worth checking out.As an additional piece of information you will want a fairly beefy PC (on the CPU & GPU side) to run this game as it tends to perform worse with lower settings (or at least that's been my observation). Also, I played through the majority of the game with at least one friend. Given the co-op nature of the game I would highly recommend bringing at least one friend along if this is a game you are interested in playing."
,Recommended,235540,18642719,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fail Tank,"Do you wish Left 4 Dead had loot to grind for, or a fantasy theme? Do you wish Payday 2 didn't have microtransactions? Do you wish Killing Floor didn't look like a 1992 Amiga game? You'd probably like Vermintide then.Play it if:-You love Warhammer (first GW game in years that hasn't sucked)-You love 4 person co-op for the gameplay, not the story.-You really hate rats.Wait if:-You want a polished game. There are a lot of small issues that add up to a decent amount of frustration.-You have no patience for day 1 scrubs ruining your run. They'll learn or quit, but not this week.Avoid if:-You want really deep mechanical systems.-You won't play with randoms and you don't have 3 friends.-You hate randomized loot with a fiery passion.-You hate typos."
,Recommended,235540,23228035,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Smoking Man,"There are some critisms about this game that are unfortunatly true, but that shouldn't shy you away from a good time / experience. Note this review was made right after playing the new DLC (Drachenfels), I play the game once in a while, and that I'm around level 40 in-game.ProsSmooth Combat system. It almost feels natural when you hit something.Design and Graphics of the game.Higher Difficulties are a challenge.Great characters and dialouge.Cheap Game. Even at full price with DLC.Last Stand (more specifically a different mode to play)Easy controls and menus (and the ability to change upload speed when playing multiplayer)Drachenfels DLC adding new mechanics to the game play and making it more difficult.Variety of weapons and the ability to change their traits / upgrading weapons.Super fun with 3-4 friendsEnemy specials give a challenge in any wave.ConsSmall fanbase, with an even smaller online community. (most lobbies are at higher levels, making it less accessible for new players)High System Resources needed.Bots can be finicky to work with.Lacking of mission variety / number of missionsOddly the story/motive of the missions are very bland or foolish in nature.Dice rolling seems to never be rewarding enoughNo new characters / enemies to add variety to gameplaySome bugs still exists (granted the worst ones are mostly gone)I would say that this game, despite it's flaws is stillpainfulFUN. However I do seriously recommend having friends play / own this game too since finding randoms online can be hit-or-miss. Some might say that it's a L4D clone, but this game is definently not one to take lightly for it's difficulty. I hope this studio makes more games, but will take their time in developing a bigger on initial release (hopefully more End Times based games instead of just vermintide).[EDIT: I wasn't really proof reading this review when I made it, so I made some grammatical changes]"
,Recommended,235540,18568837,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mario McRlwain,Its literally a HIGH FANTASY Left 4 Dead with loot. GOTY foreverIf you find that sentence appealing then you will like this game
,Recommended,235540,18735071,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Marked One,"Imagine Left 4 Dead with anthromorphic rats. That's what this is here, just with more updates graphics, a better melee system, a class system that with characters that support different playstyles and an interesting loot system that will keep even move excited to finish a level. A very solid Co-op Experience, on Hard +, losing track for even a few seconds can cost you the entire game if you don't know how to recover. The games design has a director similiar to L4D2, except way more brutal and responsive. If it sees you by yourself, you'll likely get ganked. Would strongly recommend for those needing a new L4D2/Coop fix.Developers have also promised to continue developing this game in their recent Reddit AMA, which answered a lot of questions about the future of the game. Only downside is that the developers like to do maintainance at the worst times, but I expect that to go away once they develop as a team. It is also worth noting that you do NOT need to be a fan or up to date with lore for the Warhammer series to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,235540,28012319,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hyvear,Had a lot of fun with this game. Its even better now since the consol version released and the v1.5 pc version is on its way. Making it possible to crank up the gfx and get better fps.
,Recommended,235540,20288827,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jimbobslimbob,"The comparisons with Left 4 Dead are obvious and stated in pretty much anything you will read regarding this game.So, what does that mean? It means more of the same... or does it? The strong focus on melee is what sets this game apart from its cousin. The combat is fast, frantic and great fun. It also features a basic level up and loot system to keep you playing and unlock better gear. It's a welcome addition - and is not overdone like so many other co-op focussed games, meaning a level 1 can quite happily play with a level 20 with no issues in over/underlevelling. It's great that it is done this way, since you don't require all your friends to be at the same level as you (a common problem with games such as PayDay and Borderlands).Team-play is essential, just like L4D where wondering alone is a sure-fire way of getting yourself killed quickly. It also looks gorgeous and some of the level design is superb. The missions are a welcome addition to the standard ""run to the exit"" formula and make the game even more enjoyable.Character classes are also extremely well done, with a nice variety of play-styles and even the option to further customise the classes to suit the way you like to play.Al-round, it's a great co-op game that I would recommend to anyone interested in games like L4D.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
76561198024776597,Recommended,235540,30236586,Posted: 28 February,all,Albemarle,"I freaking love this game, apart from having a really bad optimization and lag spikes (yes, still, after all these patches, blame on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ phys engine) from time to time (using GTX 970 jetstream and i5-6600k w/o OC) this game hungers for your CPU badly. Yet if you are not having any troubles running this game, you'll have a good time playing it again and again, just don't give up too soon, since it's not an easy one. I'd suggest to go a lil deeper in game's mechanic. Also this is a game where if you're skilled enough, you'll shine amongst the others, since there is a potential for a solo carry-type players as well as team based ones, 2nd variation is really your goal if you wish to beat last difficulty."
76561198020616562,Recommended,235540,35066718,Posted: 19 September,all,Aqua,"Clearly not a game for everyone, it's actually pretty demanding gameplay-wise. I found my interest in the game was reinforced when I started playing cataclysm mode (highest level of difficulty). You will severely pay each mistake you make, but completing a mission is one of the most rewarding experience I've had in recent years. I'm still far from getting even close to some players I've met, who are able to finish a cataclysm mission single-handedly, which proves it all relies on skill.Make no mistake, the game is never unfair and teamwork is at the core of the gameplay.I read players ranting about the loot system (that's fair), but after a while you won't even pay attention anymore as you'll probably already own orange/red (best gear for each character.Missions are varied, it is visually appealing and you really feel like you're part of the Warhammer universe, kuddos to the developpers who have done a wonderful job with this game."
,Recommended,235540,19407061,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AutismoMaximo,"If you're interested in buying the game but want to know more about the game before you Phillip J. Fry the screen with your money, I'm here to help.Pros:Multiplayer Co-Op(4 players/AI/or both) coming soon Solo Survival mode)Multiple game modes(coming soon survival/hardcore no hud)5 classes with unique play stylesRanged/Melee weapons come with up to 3 traits that alter weapon effectsTrinkets to add passives to charactersGreat dialogue, character interactions(if you hit eachother or jump around)Stunning graphics even on low settings, high settings may cause euphoric sensations ;PTight combat mechanics:dodge,block,push block, primary/alt fire functionalityIn game Skins(TF2 hats haha :D)Forge for salvaging,upgrading,fusing weapons(soon to be updated to re-roll traits)Weapons are given for leveling upDifficulties from normal to cataclysm which affect rates of friendly fire from 0-100Every game feels different depending on who you are playing with and how the rats spawnIngame VOIPCons:No dedicated server, press L ingame to search for games instead of queuing upHost migration can end matchesNo way to add teammates ingame as friends, must use steamidlinkCurrently only 8 unique enemies: ratlinggun,packmaster,sackrat,globadier,gutter runner,stormvermin,slaverats,rat ogre (More to come in the future,may include other races ie lizardmen, chaos, brettonians,grey seers, high elves, etc)AI can be terrible allies at times and tend to focus on kiling special rats tha may be out of the wayBad RNG can leave you grinding for gearBad RNG can end runsBad players can ruin your experience if they are toxic in the way they play/talk(VOIP)Currently packmaster has an incredible neck grabbing range that is hard to dodge(might be biased after 150+hrs of play hehe)Class/Weapons Overview(keep in mind each weapon can have up to 3 traits for added effects)Waywatcher:She's not little red riding hood that's for sure.-Range(bows)Hagbane- poison arrows on left click. poison cloud arrows on right clickSwift- fast with modest dmg and high ammo capLongbow- high dmg, medium ammo cap, free aiming, target penetration x2Trueflight(aimbot)- high dmg, low ammo cap, can highlight an enemy to shoot homing arrows. arrows that are charge shot by this bow will seek targets, specifically their head.-MeleeDual daggers-very fast with low dmg, alt fire is a single target stab that 1 shots can headshot.Dual swords-fast and easy to headshot with. alt fire is an aoe cleave that can headshotAsrai Sword-its just like having one half of a dual sword so its half as goodDagger & Sword- best of both worlds. fast like daggers, headshots like swords, alt fire alternates between overhead stab and aoe cleave.(my favorite)Witch Hunter:He's only got one eye but he can still kick your ♥♥♥.-RangeRepeater Pistol-8 clip pistol, semi auto fire, alt fire shoots entire clip at once, med dmgCrossbow-single shot,target pen x2, very high dmgBrace of Pistols- dual pistols, high ammo cap, high dmg, alt fire lets you rapid fire both pistols and throw them on the floor like used napkins. (my favorite. The ogre killer)-MeleeHatchet-single target primary/alt fire, high dmg, fast2Handed Sword-high dmg primary/alt fire, aoe cleave, slowRapier & Pistol- fast aoe primary fire, fast single target alt fire stab, secondary fire uses pistol in offhand, headshot on primary and alt fire makes this a killer for swarms.(my favorite)Bright Wizard:Listen to her mixtape. Straight fire.-RangeFireball staff-high dmg, single target primary fire, aoe firebomb alt fireBeam-fireball primary fire,lazor beam alt fire to burn swathes of skaven filthConflagration-fireshotgun primary fire,alt fire is a magic fire circle you aim then let go to summon a flame pillar to burn enemiesBolt-primary fire burst fires 3 mini fireballs rapidly, alt fire summons a flame spear you throw-MeleeMace-bonk enemies on the head, starts off single target then hits aoeSword- aoe cleaveFlame Sword-burns enemies on 3rd hit of primary fire. alt fire is an aoe cleave that burns all enemies.(my favorite)Empire Soldier:Don't make fun of him. He's a vet.-RangeHandgun-single target sniper, long reload,very high dmgRepeater handgun-same as Witch Hunter except handgun alt fire shoots single shots rapidlyBlunderbuss-aoe shotgun,long reload, short range, high dmg-MeleeSword-see waywatcherMace-see wizardShield&Sword- very fast aoe primary fire, very fast aoe shieldbash/knockback alt fire, high block capShield&Mace-fast aoe knockback primary and alt shieldbash, high knockback,high block capZweihander-aoe cleave,headhost potential,slowWarhammer-aoe knockback,armor pen, let the bodies hit the floorDwarf:""It's small, loud, and filthy, just like a dwarf""-Kerillian, waywatcher talking bout bombs-RangeHandgun-see soldierCrossbow-see Witch HunterGrudge-Raker-2 clip double barrel shotgun?, like the blunderbuss cept you shoot twice before reloadingDrakefire Cannons-uses heatsystem to vent overcharge, infinite ammo, alt fire is a flame shotgun that burns enemies, innacurate at range(my favorite)-MeleeHammer-fast aoe knockbackAxe-fast with armorpenShield&Hammer-see soldier S&MShield&Axe-fast armorpen primary fire, very fast alt fire shield bash2HandedHammer-see soldier warhammer2HandedAxe-see soldier zweihanderTrinkets:Up to 3 per character and unlock every 10 levels until 30Unique effects such as reduced dmg from specific vermin(poison clouds, ratling gun bullets, gutter runner blades, etc)Potion effect spreadHealing spreadFaster ReviveLots more(and even MORE with free DLC in a few days)Maps:Currently 13 maps with unique objectivesHidden Tomes and grimiores that replace healing supplies and potions in exchange for more loot die on map completion for better chance of good loot.Each map is visually unique and offers a different experience to gameplay.(Watch a wizards tower gameplay video and get your M.C. Escher mind blown)Difficulty Modes:5 difficulties-easy,normal,hard,nightmare,cataclysmfriendly fire starts on nightmare at a small percentagefriendly fire on cataclysm is 100% so watch the ranged weapons otherwise 1 shots will occurGrimiores add difficulty by reducing hp of the party by 33%each up to 66% adding difficultyConclusion:Spent 150+hrs on this wonderful gem of a game and would have spent more had there not been finals and classes to worry about. Will definitely spend another 150+ with how fun the game is. Whether you like it or not depends on you. Buy it now for cheap and play it when the DLC drops. Don't like it? Return it. But do the game the one justice of trying it. Hope my overview of the game helped! :D To those who are prepared to buy, I salute you."
,Recommended,235540,23285734,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Frosty,"Like L4D as many people say, except with a more interesting story, more interesting characters. Melee system that is detailed and gorey. Variety of weapon stats to loot, craft, or reroll. DLC maps let you invite friends to play with you if you own it. Atmosphere and music that really set the grim fantasy world that is Warhammer. Rats that taunt you, curse at you, cower from you, swarm you, bludgeon you, shoot at you. Really get that team work feeling of accomplishment when you beat a Rat Ogre or manage to survive the big finale areas. Look forward to more maps and content, hoping for new enemies and character classes."
,Recommended,235540,29606876,Posted: 31 January,all,BlackXIV,"I am mixing my personal review with a brief introduction to aspects of the game that are often misjudged or poorly explained in most reviews:1 - Personal review2 - Loot/crafting system3 - The playerbase paradigm--------------------------------------------------------------------1. I kept this game on my wishlist for months before I went and bought it on sale. I must say, after playing for a few weeks, all my hopes and fears for this game were confirmed. The game is an absolute blast, one of th best co-op experiences ever concieved. The core mechanics are exectuted perfectly, the melee combat is straightforward but very refined with its nuances and overall really satisfying.There is a tactical and a stratecic depth behind the surface as well, with characters and weapons setups better at single target or trash clearing, better at burst or dps, better at staggering groups or eliminating elites in a crowd etc...Not only the depth to the combat system is much richer than you could think on a first run but it allows for several different playstyles based on your class and weapons combinations.The progression via the loot system is what keeps you motivated BUT gear really has a somewhat minor impact on difficulty, the progress trought the difficulty levels of the various missions it's all made by improving at the game and learning all the details of a particular level, it's defendable spots, its fixed ammonition cashes, its most common random encounters etc...Succeeding at this game is all ACTUAL skills and actual experience.The control you have over the difficulty also enriches the feeling of progression and the sense of reward you get. Maybe you beat The Horn of Magnuss on Nightmare before, but the first time you do it with also 3 tomes and 2 grimoires it's a fresh feeling of a victory drenched in ratblood. Also every run is unique, I've had lucky runs on nightmare with but a few special encounters and normal runs that went for the worse when the Rat Ogre decided to emerge in the middle of an horde while we were clamped up defending in a corner.2. Lots of people describe the RNG loot system as the flaw in the game but I do not agree. First of all, the system is not purely based on RNG, at least not anymore. Sure, you cannot decide what rewards to get after each mission, but you have a dedicated crafting system that allows you to salvage or merge what you don't need, roll weapons of a particular kind you need, reroll its talents and then reroll its talents' number rolls. You will never be suffering for that yellow musket for your imperial soldier for too long because you know you will get your hands on it eventually, luck only dictates how quickly and what other stuff you might get in the meantime. If you like to play different characters (wich will be very helpfull if you don't have a dedicated team) you will probably get something somewhat usefull most of the times.3. The only real flaw I can find to this game is its reliance on a healty playerbase both in terms of quality and quantity.Quality is mostly an issue at lower difficulty levels so not too tragic for the overall game experience but can dissuade some new players before they get to experience the best the game has to offer. You will happen to run into players that don't know a level well enough to play it on hard and screw your entire team while at times you will get totally carried thought it by someone more experienced.The quantity will affect your solo player ability to find lobbies and teamates for any mission on any difficulty level. Maybe you want to finish the Wizard's tower on Nightmare but everyone else is just farming Smuggler's run and all you can do is start by yourself and hope someone will fill in for the bots. The fact that there are daily contracts will facilitate you in finding groups since most people will be playing the missions with the contracts on that day.Now, please take my wards with a grain of salt, I am a solo player and I am still having massive ammounts of fun, I did hit a bit of a wall when transitioning from normal to hard but after a while I became the one carrying noobs trought it no problems. I believe this issues would only affect you if your friends are as bad as mine for not buying this game with me, if they are somewhat decent go buy all together and enjoy the bloodshed like a family.If you remember this review when you beat your first level on nightmare feel free to add me, I need better friends."
76561198263350557,Recommended,235540,31187869,Posted: 16 April,all,Bobba_fat_(SWE),"And after Left 4 Dead 2 there was Warhammer Vermintide on the Monday. [^___^]Warhammer is the spiritual successor of L4D2 but set in the Warhammer universe. I had previously never been exposed to the warhammer universe before and after playing this game I still do not feel the urge or the need to delve any deeper, and luckily for you and me, the game itself does not require you too either, to be able to enjoy it.The game is simply put, a team oriented 4 player coop where you have to hack, slash and shoot your way vs hordes of enemies in the form of ugly rats.Simple enough, ey? Try to do that on the hardest level and get back to me... ^^So basically, you can choose different characters with their own abilities and strengths, some are better at melee and swinging away with their axes and swords in close range combats against the hellish rats, and some of them are better at positioning themselves in a distance, firing away chickenly with their bows and arrows, flameballs and whatnot's. However all combatants are equipped with close and far range weapons.This would make you say: Ah.. There is room for diversity in the game, and sure, there is, but again this a formula that has been done over and over and over and over and.... Yeah.... But still, it is so much fun to go at it again and again and again and again and... Yeah you get the picture.The game will have such powers over you, once you pop, you just simply... Can't stop, I mean the acquaintances I have made in this game are now like my fellow brothers and sisters in arms in gaming. I absolutely love playing this to death with them.The problem with these type of games are, when you have played up to a certain point, you really feel like the game would need to add some more depth, and some different challenges and various levels. One good thing though is that you can level up and get a variety of weapons from the random loot at the end of each gameplay.One of the good things about Warhammer Vermintide compared to Left 4 Dead 2 is the variety in the (new) daily challenges that lies is ahead of you, where you can get your mission in the tavern (starting point), sort of. The challenges consists of finishing an area/map at a certain difficulty and within certain parameters.Story: As you should be aware, in games like these, there is NONE and it really doesn't matter. It's like playing chess, you don't need one, the game does all the talking (and the cursing from your fellow travelers when you F***K up), and it's a different game everytime you play, which is why I am drawn to this game again and again and again and... yeah :)So don't hesitate to buy this game at any price point, I think I bought it at 20-30€ and for the amount of time I put into it, it was worth absolutley every penny ;)Final Verdict:You will have a blast everytime playing it and hopefully make great new friends along the way."
76561197962074003,Recommended,235540,33067705,Posted: 30 June,all,Fadden,Like left for dead with giant rats and in the warhammer world! 10/10
,Recommended,235540,28527142,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GloriousChicken,"Plain and simple review.1000x better Left 4 Dead 2.Minus, the Workshop.Recommended? To infinity and beyond.Oh and grab a friend too."
,Recommended,235540,19740065,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Izlain,"I missed the Left 4 Dead train as it left the station.L4D2 was my first experience with the series. I played through it once and didn't ever go back. This game has a similar concept in that you'll run through a mission with 4 players (bots will fill in for missing people but they suck) who each have their own strengths and weaknesses. Many comparisons have been made between the two games, but I thought I'd specify that I have little experience with the L4D series, while still acknowledging the similarities.Gameplay is tight. Overall the game runs smoothly; things work as you would expect, and there aren't any drops in framerate even while streaming. The melee combat is visceral. Swinging an axe feels as it should. Blocking with a shield and then swinging it at your attackers to knock them down is very satisfying. Rapiers are quick and nimble. 2-handed weapons are slow yet powerful. This isn't rocket science, but it feels right. Ranged combat is equally tight control-wise, but seems less effective in most cases. Crossbows are slow to reload, but pistols/shotguns and long bows feel much better. The ranged abilities coming from staves are very effective at range.The variety of Skaven is nice. Not only are there differing skins for the regular grunts, there are various types that are bigger and badder than their normal counterparts. Fighting a Rat Ogre for the first time was a magical experience. The armored Stormvermin come in packs and are tough to take down. The gunners, hook rats and assassins are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as are the poison cloud creating globe-throwers. There's no lack of challenge either. Normal difficulty still takes its toll, and the hard difficulty is almost too hard, at least at the lower levels with crappy gear. But there's a couple of extra difficulty levels that I haven't even seen yet, so there's going to be plenty of replay value in this game.As is common with most first person shooters of this era, you have a global experience level. The interesting bit here is that it's not tied directly to any of the game's five classes, so you don't have to level each individually. Each level you're rewarded with some gear, but each time it's for a different class, so none are completely left out. Also, when completing a level, there is a dice game where you get the chance to earn better gear. The devs chose to keep with the traditional Diablo/MMO formula of color coding rarity, and so far the best I've come up with is a some blues. Each time you level or dice roll, the gear can end up being for any of the classes, so that's a nice way of avoiding an annoying individual grind. Gear is primarily weapons, though there are slots for trinkets, and you can change out your helmet, though I haven't seen any of these drop just yet. You can also find extra loot dies and collect tomes for extra dice that will help with your end-of-level rolls. At the very least, this system gives quite a bit of replay value if you're the sort that wants to completely kit out your characters (I am).After each level and dice game, you'll have the option to vote for what comes next. You can replay the same level, move onto the next or go back to the Red Hook Inn, where you start your journey in the first place. Here you can access your inventory (swap out weapons and gear) the mission map (where you can choose which level to play next) and access the forge - a powerful tool. The forge allows you to fuse, upgrade and disassemble items. Fusing requires five items of the same quality, and combines them into one item of the next quality up (5 whites = 1 green and so on). Weapons earned from the dice game often have locked traits that you can unlock in the forge, upgrading the weapon with passives. These upgrades require essences earned by disassembling items. It's a basic system but it works well and I have seen some decent stuff come out of it.The recent free DLC ""Sigmar's Blessing"" has also added a shrine and new trinkets so that you can ""pray"" for new items using the colored tokens you get from breaking down unused gear. You can be specific and choose melee or ranged weapons, and the particular character you want the gear for. This helps cut down on the grind a bit, and is particularly nice if you only play one or a couple of the characters with any regularity.Overall, I love the game. It's been compared to Left 4 Dead, and I can say that it has a similar feel, though these small systematic upgrades give it a better replay value than L4D did, and the devs have already stated that more levels and classes are yet to come. I'll be playing and talking about this game for a while to come."
,Recommended,235540,26613391,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tzaeru,"Proclaimer: This game is designed foremost for a co-op experience. I would not recommend it to be bought if you do not have a gaming group to go with it. But I highly recommend it if you can amass 3-4 friends together, and this is why..So, ever wondered how Left 4 Dead would work if it was more melee based? Welcome to Vermintide, more or less. Off the bat, you will notice that it is a shameless copy of L4D, but that is not a bad thing in the slightest. Set in the dark fantasy of Warhammer's End Times, you and up to three friends are pitted together against an unending horde of Skaven, the rat-like humanoid beasts of the Warhammer world. The special enemy rats are mostly copied from L4D as well; You have the Packmaster (Copied from L4D's The Smoker) which will grab a player; You have the Gutter Runner (Hunter) which will jump on a player and claw at them; and so on.The combat itself is simply satisfying. Rats will be flung to the walls when struck by that two-handed hammer and skip around burning after being blazed up by the mage's fireballs. The sounds, visual and general feel are top-notch. The classes play well together and there are plenty of co-op tactics to discover. Try sticking the dwarf with their shield first to a doorway while an imperial swings their two-handed great sword from behind the cover! Difficulty also scales well; there are a total of 5 different difficulty levels and Hard - the third difficulty level - does mean hard.Light ARPG elements are mixed in; you can grind for some new gear and unlock features of your weapons. But they are not the focus of the gameplay, though I would not mind more gear and character customization options.Pros:Extremely satisfying combatImmersive aural and visual experienceWell balanced player classesGood tactical cooperationA proper challenge!Cons:Requires a friendCould have more RPG elements"
,Recommended,235540,23528822,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kung Fu Hung-Su,"I adore this game :)ProsSettings - Adjustable FOV slider and lots of other goodiesGraphical Fidelity - Super high fi!Gameplay - Nice rhythm of quiet then franticConsLoot drops and forging seems slow. If you play for the sake of killing and not for the sake of drops, you'll have fun. Otherwise you'll hate yourselfVariety seems limited - Coming from MMOs or Overwatch or other games where your character may have many powers, at times it feels like I should be able to do more than block and attack and shoot.Overall, you'll be finding me playing this quite a lot :D"
,Recommended,235540,30352746,Posted: 6 March,all,killershrike,"When played with some friends, this is maybe the best coop I've ever played. Captures the old world feel of WH pretty well, and the inter-character dialogue is amusing. A lot of genuinely pulse pounding action to be had. However, the solo play experience is lacking, and it gets grindy after awhile as you try to get better gear by re-playing the same missions over and over again.All in all, I recommend the game, but it is best to have friends who will play it with you rather than hoping that random adds wont pop in and wreck your mission."
,Recommended,235540,20030650,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Andrige,"I saw this game a while ago before release, becoming mildly enthused by the idea of a 4-player co-op game that looked this good. But I wasn't sold on it, wasn't sure the gameplay was actually good as Skyrim really put a damper on my enthusaism for a first-person hack and slash game.Now over a hundred hours later, with many laughs with three groups of friends who I regularly play with at work lunches, weekends and during evenings, it's clearly taking the cake as my favorite co-op game.The voice acting and characters are interesting and have a story to them that makes me curious about the Warhammer setting I had not cared for at all before. The combat mechanics are easy to understand but hard to master, and you'll notice yourself improve as you play, blocking blows and looking out for your teammates becoming easier over time. The theme of the world is wonderfully coherent in its design and gritty, a perfect counterbalance to the often cheerful banter between the player characters.I hope Fatshark can keep this game profitable for a long time, so we can enjoy more of this in the future.Now, to mention a few negatives I'd have to say they've made a poor system for newcomers as of this moment (dec 2015). The community travels upward to higher difficulty settings as they continue to play, so unless there's an influx of new players like during a sale, they will most likely find themselves struggling to find a group that can tolerate them on a difficulty they are comfortable with.It's something Fatshark should be wary of and something a new player should expect to some degree. It's fixable by simply shifting reward incentives somewhat, so hopefully they'll address it in a patch in the near future.In addition, if you are playing the game solely for the gear, get ready to feel underwhelmed at the end of games. The game rewards you fairly well and there are fallback systems that lets you redeem a bad reward (especially after the Blessings of Sigmar DLC), but its by no means overly generous or controllable. It's a game of dice (literally), and if you are the kind who want nothing more than to perfect your gear then it will take time. However, for me personally I'm glad that there are goals around 130 hours in, and although I don't have the optimal setup just yet I know I can at least play for my own amusement and maybe get the fated Veteran tier handgun.So, all in all, this game has really been worth my money. See you in Übersreik."
76561198008865827,Recommended,235540,29512854,Posted: 26 January,all,Grail,"An entertaining co-op game, much in the style of the Left 4 Dead series, with common enemies, hordes, and specials that do much the same kind of thing.  But this game is so much more than a L4D clone.  It shifts the emphasis more to melee (for most characters - though all characters can still utilize quite decent ranged attacks), and it delves at least partially into the lore of the Olde Worlde of Warhammer, before whatever they've done to it these days.The players get a choice of 5 characters, with 4 distinct flavours, (unfortunately the Dwarf and the Soldier play rather similar and have very similar equipment options with nothing being truly unique among them).  And what is great other than the unique style and feel of the characters and the various equipment options you can equip them with - each charcter gets 3+ melee and 3+ ranged options, is the banter and repartee between them.  This dialogue gives genuine touches of humour and characterisation to what otherwise would just be the toon that you play, and it helps to really craft their personalities - yes, again like L4D.The magic of the Bright Wizard is nice, and whilst powerful, the inbuilt kryptonite of her power is her power itself, and a careless player might soon find that they are taking more damage from their own spells than that of the ratmen.Friendly fire exists in this game, but only on higher difficulties and only with ranged and AoE attacks.  And whilst you feel it, it is nothing compared to the battering the enemy can deliver to you, allowing for you to sometimes be indiscriminate in the pursuit of achieving victory.  So players that dislike FF shouldn't feel turned off by the fact that it exists, as it is rarely the reason for failure.There is a loose campaign that ties each of the missions together,  and 2 lots of DLC opening up 3 new maps each.  And kudos to the developers for the way that they've handled the DLC.  If you don't have it, all that stops you doing is hosting a game on one of those maps, and from accepting Contracts from the Bounty Board for those maps.  Indeed, a player without the DLC can still play on those maps if someone who has purchased it, hosts the game and they join.  Each DLC pack also has 2 new weapons.  The Witch Hunter gets 2 and the Elf and Dwarf both get 1.  It would have been nice had the Dwarf's gone to the Wizard as a melee option - but perhaps in the future.As to the faults of the game, yes it's not perfect.  The Bots are a new kind of stupid.  They make the L4D bots look like intellectuals.  There is no collision detection, so enemies can move through you, attacking as they do, and you have little recourse when you can't see them.  It is easy to get caught up on the smallest obstacle at times also and the game does crash probably more than i'd like - though this has been greatly improved in the last update.  The randomness of the Loot allocation can be frustrating at times, especially early on, though nowadays it's far easier to get good loot and lots of gems to improve them with a very basic ""crafting"" system, though it still takes some getting used too, and a lot of luck to get the exact item - especially trinkets, that you want.Overall, it's a very fun game to play - especially with friends, and all the more challenging when you try to carry bots through the missions.4/5"
,Recommended,235540,18575726,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,peremptor,"These bad rats ain't so bad... once they've been tenderized with a big hammer that is. We won't go hungry this apocalypse!On a more serious note though, just get the game. The melee combat varies from weapon to weapon but at its best it feels rather sublime and hopefully I can attest to that across the board once the game becomes further polished.The skaven need culling... heed the call."
76561198040532580,Recommended,235540,25154090,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fuse,"Vermintide has some of the best melee combat in gaming. This is an incredibly fun romp that replicates the L4D formula brilliantly. If you love fighting with friends, sword, hammer, bow, mace, rapier and staff in hand then this is for you."
,Not Recommended,235540,19662789,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"A really gorgeous-looking game that sadly has little replay value. As much as I wanted to like this game, I just can't; every match turns into a long, drawn-out slog for almost no gain whatsoever. Item drops are little more than a chance at getting a few (read: one) trivial item for a class you don't use. There is virtually nothing that will propel you to do this more than a few times. A friend explained that ""the better stuff appears at Nightmare difficulty"". And what exactly is the motivation to waste that much time and effort when even normal difficulty is a massive pain in the proverbial derriere?None whatsoever.Instead of wasting my time futilely trying to wrench more satisfaction out of this game, I'll take the developer's electrodes off my nutsack and play something else. This could have been a really fun game; as it is, it's Left 4 Dead: Warhammer Edition with sub-par loot mechanics, less guns, weaker weapons, and more infuriating enemies. You can jump about as high as a dachshund wearing lead booties. You can't evensprint,which more often than not results in your death or the deaths of your teammates (or vice versa) as you are dragged off by yet another Taskmaster, because your character putters along as fast as a geriatric in rush hour traffic. The AI is a joke, as enemies often stand around idly and do nothing, even when they do notice you. They then proceed to fly into action and run around aimlessly before mobbing you. The levels are horribly repetitive; even L4D2 moved the items and objectives around a little more.I had hoped the last update would improve the game, and while it does fix some of the previous problems, and at least *attempts* to make drops and gaining gear better, it just doesn't fix the one glaring issue: it just isn't fun. And that's to say nothing of the incredible resource draw on your machine due to a distinct lack of optimization; I can play games like Battlefield 4 on maximum settings with no lag, and this runs like my processor is a Pentium 386. I might change my opinion later on, if they update it some more and polish it further, but as is, I can't recommend this game. It's incredibly boring.5/10EDIT: I've had to update this review again to mention the slew of incredibly rude comments (now deleted for obvious reasons) I've gotten on said review. One person even decided to post ""your a ♥♥♥♥♥"" (sic). Wow...really? Is that the sort of people this game attracts? I should also mention that the game has a very toxic and unhelpful commmunity as well."
76561197990818429,Not Recommended,235540,26138436,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mouton,"I am sorry. I really wanted to love this game. But after I played it some hours it just got waaay to repetitive for my taste. In my opinion for a game that is 41 € at the time I bought it, it lacks content. I do not think the various difficulties in a sufficient manner makes up for the in my opinion lack of content."
,Recommended,235540,18569285,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Don Karnage,"Having played roughly 50 hours in the beta and a few in the ""Exclusive Beta"", I can hereby declare that this is a rather entertaining game :)It looks quite a lot like L4D, which is by no means a bad thing, though Vermintide have several improvements over L4D.- It got a loot system.- The Skaven are more entertaining to fight, since they possess a level of intelligence and the can be rather cunning.- There is a solid melee system ingame, a vast improvement over the ""melee"" we had in L4D.- There is a Bright Wizard, witch equals a damn lot of fire.- It got a far better atmosphere.- Etc.The only minus is that the game still got a few optimization issues and bugs to work out, but it is still in beta after all.Proof that I have played in the ""Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide | Public Test"":http://i1203.photobucket.com/albums/bb388/mkampp/Warhammer%20-%20End%20Times%20-%20Vermintide%20Public%20Test.jpgNote: You will probably have to copy the url, since Steam won't always open them :)"
76561198165120299,Recommended,235540,19496509,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sanitize,"If you high Lv. DO NOT PLAY WITH U.S & AUSTRALIA.They just envy Lv. you will embroiled in hack issue.And you hear this DogBark. ""If you Give me hack I'll not report you""Just play with your Firend. or your country.친구랑 하세요."
76561198016414093,Recommended,235540,19757694,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Yakra,"My main problems with the game right now are the small playerbase, the loot system, and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ host migration.If you're 90% of the way through a level and the host disconnects, you're restarting, and that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.There aren't enough people playing the game, and that already small number seems to be shrinking by the day.The randomized loot system penalizes the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of terminally unlucky schlubs like me.  The new Shrine they put in alleviates this somewhat, but the number of times my group has gotten all the tomes/grimoires/bonus die on a level, and I end up rolling only the 2 guaranteed comets is really starting to get to me, especially when the top 4-5 rewards are red/orange tier.Game needs some work and a bunch of patches, but when it's working right, it's a lot of fun."
76561198045620310,Recommended,235540,29365253,Posted: 19 January,all,Huz,"After having played throug this game fully on each leve of the base game, i got to say that while my free weekend was a dissapointment, the time since then has been a good improvement.The world has good atmosphere and the fight against ratmen is a nice change of pace from the normal zombies one always endures (even though i do enjoy a good zombie game).I do have a few nitpicks but they are minor so it's overall a fun game. if you have already played Left 4 Dead 2 then this will feel similar, for better or worse.It's a alright buy, a good one on sale so take that for what you will."
,Recommended,235540,18607411,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Freariose,"I can fully recommend this game.Pros:- Character system where each character uses a veriety of different weapons, both ranged and melee.- Amazing and visceral first person combat, where the weight of each blow is felt.- Great setting, being in the Warhammer universe during the beginning of the end times.- A great addition to the horde genre, taking the great ideas from others and enhancing them in a fun setting.Cons:- (Possibly) Characters don't seem to have any othe differing stats. I may be wrong on that, and that may not even really be a con.- There might be some optimization issues. I have had very little frame loss, but others I have played with report differently.All in all this game is certainly worth the buy. I have absolutely loved it so far."
,Recommended,235540,20033157,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,A Bad Feeling,Best co-op game of 2015.
76561198010127431,Recommended,235540,19973105,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Oshkell,"Having never been a Left 4 Dead enthusiast, it didn't mean too much to me when I was told this game played like Left 4 Dead. I am, however, a Warhammer enthusiast, and I am pleased to tell you that this game stays fairly true to the brutal, unforgiving nature of the franchise.You play one of five heroic figures, each just different enough from the next to provide a noticeably different experience.  The controls are pretty intuitive, combat is quick and fluid, and the weapons are beautiful.  They even have a specific keybinding to ""View Weapon,"" at which point the character will take the weapon and hold it up, as though inspecting it.  Done in first person, this provides a pretty good view of the weapon itself.  As far as I know, there isn't really a point to doing this other than to admire the detail the developers put into the weapon, but I love that they made this an action in the game.  You can also view weapons in your character's inventory screen, in a more nearly traditional way.The game rewards you for completing the mission, and basically only for completing the mission.  There are tomes and grimoires you can pick up, which are essentially treasure items, but you only get credit for carrying them with you if you successfully complete the mission.  It doesn't matter if you kill one hundred thousand vermin, or not a single one - you get the same reward for completing the mission either way.  I like this aspect of the game, because it drives home the fact that you aren't really here to soldier it out against the Skaven - you're part of a strike team, an elite infiltration squad, and if you can't complete the objective, nothing else really matters.  It also helps less competitive players feel like they did something other than just hold the door open for the guy with the blunderbuss and the two handed hammer.  For those more competitive players, you still get the glory of seeing your name at the top of the stat list at the end of the mission.As far as how the game actually plays... if the trailers don't paint a pretty enough picture for you with the entrails of your enemies, I'm not sure I'm a better artist.  The combat does remind me, in a number of ways, of how Skyrim plays.  It's first person, you have a melee weapon and a ranged weapon, and ammunition is pretty important.  Timing is important.  Blocking is important.  Aiming is less important, because as the name implies, there is a veritable tide of vermin surging forward more often than not, and there are times that it takes significant talent to miss a shot.  Inventory-wise, you have a health item slot, a buff potion slot, and a grenade slot - that's it.  While to me it at first seemed a little too spartan, it turns out that this setup is generally sufficient for what you need to accomplish.While there is no skill-point system, you do get bonus loot for leveling up.  You also get loot for completing missions, and sometimes a consolation prize even if you fail.  If you looted chests and/or found tomes or grimoires, you also get a better chance to receive better loot at the end of the mission.  They harken back to Warhammer's d6 origins when you literally roll on a loot table for your reward, and it is very nostalgic.  I wish I had a little dice-rolling tin like they do....It also cannot be stressed enough the importance of at least pairing up, if not traveling as a group of four.  Sometimes special Skaven units will tackle you and render your hero helpless, and one of your friends has to pull them off of you.  This is probably my least favorite part of the game, as it seems a just a little ridiculous that your hero cannot extricate himself from some of these circumstances, and it sometimes seems to artificially bolster the need for teamwork.  That said, it's also just as well if someone wants to be a jerk and run ahead/lag behind/yolo solo.The characters are also very chatty.  It adds a great deal of personality to each of them, and some of the lines are just great.  The voice acting is very good, and the litany available to the characters is impressive.  Never a dull moment with arguing elves and dwarves about!I don't really have a lot of negative to say about this game.  I practically had to max out the mouse sensitivity to give it the handling I was looking for, but that was easily resolved in the in-game options menu.  The lack of a ""sprint"" button is a little disappointing, but generally you don't have to worry about it very much.  The level design can also be very confusing for me sometimes, and once I was stuck in a single zone of the map for maybe 5-10 minutes, looking for the way out after having run past it a dozen times - but that could be just me.  On the other side of that argument, it seems even more like an actual part of a city, which may or may not have been exceptionally well planned out.  The level of realism in the game is pretty good.I would certainly recommend this game to probably anyone who likes FPS-type games, or the Warhammer universe."
,Recommended,235540,20739606,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Murtle,"Ok so it's like LFD but it's not, let me explain......Unlike a lot of people for whom the LFD and LFD2 novelty has worn off and are depressed that it is now occupied by armies of angry 15 year olds , I can not bash that game because it is still quite simply one of the best co-op games ever made. Yes Vermintide is the same in that the basic mechanics for surviving (and reviving) and working as a group are there, how to take down different types of enemies that may even be similar to enemies in LFD as well.  Both have tanks, spitting, leaping , tackling and dragging enemies and tons of plain cannon fodder types. Both have an overall atmosphere that they have nailed perfectly , but that is where the differences start to shine.First off in LFD you are generally crapping your pants through most of it and the feeling of being hopelessly screwed but maybe possibly making it if you tread lightly and carefully and play from a survivalist aspect, which of course is perfect for its horror setting. Never in LFD though have I watched other players in battle and been in awe of what I saw.I don't know how many times in Vermintide I have been in situations when I kind of paused to soak in the fight going on around me and stood in wonder at the sheer level of bad-assery I was priviledged to. Part of that comes down to the fact that while LFD was primarily shooting and melee was only secondary, in Vermintide just the opposite is true and the combat mechanics are designed to reflect it. It definitely adds  to the feeling of being super powerful that the game theme wants you to have.  The first day I played and got a real feel for the combat mechanics and who my favorite characters and weapons were, I must have repeated five times in every match ""This is so F#%ing cool!""Where Vermintide differs completely is that it uses a loot system that utilizes forging, enchanting and upgrading for your drops.(Which has been greatly overhauled since launch for the better apparently)Bought this at the winter sale but unlike me I would actually recommend paying full price for this game, it's worth every damn penny and the devs seem to be pretty keen on continued support.If you're a LFD fan, get it!If you're a Warhammer fan, get it!If you like Warhammer and are into LFD games, you don't even have a choice."
,Recommended,235540,34521580,Posted: 26 August,all,Kuroko,"I've heard Vermintide described as 'a game that is bad in every way that doesn't make a bad game'. I found this description extremely accurate. Its presentation fails to hide its low budget. There's some nice design but graphically it's wildly inconsistent with many blurry textures to be found. It's very glitchy; expect Oblivion-style body distension as a constant feature in your play. Maps and set pieces are lacking in variety. The AI while passable leaves a lot to be desired. The gameplay concepts rip off Left 4 Dead almost beat for beat to the point that it looks like a total conversion mod at times.But why not copy Left 4 Dead? Vermintide keeps everything Left 4 Dead has because that game is fun, and if you like that game and want another of its ilk to enjoy with some trusted buddies, this should tide you over. The mix of characters and in particular the weapons that can be found and crafted offer variety and replayability, as does the difficulty level that can escalate to drastic levels. The game has an irreverent sense of fun that never lets the setting get in the way of doing something like giving the medieval soldier a handheld chain gun. With friends there's plenty of cheap thrills to be had from slaughtering the hordes of rats and improving your ability with the equipment on hand.Unfortunately there are negatives that do mean a lot. For me the main mitigating factor is the rate at which you acquire new loot. You get, outside of quests or level ups, one piece of equipment for each battle, and it might not be something you can use. This is compounded by the fact that the game is only challenging enough to be fun on Hard and above. You can rush missions for equipment but then you're not having fun, you don't have to take care and be organised which is what L4D is all about. You can start play on Hard, but you'll probably be under-equipped and you don't know when you're getting better stuff. It's frustrating especially since the equipment can be so fun. Missions and quests open up that broaden the gameplay, but their rewards tend to come slowly too.The base game has, if I remember right, about 13 missions? But it won't seem like that many since the mission design is so repetitive. Go somewhere, horde, go somewhere, horde, move barrels, tank- if you've played L4D you know the routine, and it's not pulled off with the same cinematic finesse or interesting settings. Once my friend and I were done with them we didn't often come back because most missions were samey.In conclusion, Vermintide is a fun if limited game. It gets the L4D essentials down and does more right than it does wrong, but only just."
,Recommended,235540,18521392,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sten,"This is the first time I have ever written a review after 7 years of steam games.  This is a good game with challenging gameplay and a cool feel to it. It really is left for dead with a cool factor added.  Skaven are so much better than zombies. Only down side is appears relatively easy, although I havent played nightmare or above.  The grouping system works quickly and load time are fast with levels taking between 10 and 15 minutes to complete.  For its price very good game.  9/10"
,Recommended,235540,23232550,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Jim_Partridge,"I love the setting for this game. The environment design is so fantastic, the enemies and hero's look great and the gameplay is fun and fast paced... but there's a problem..It doesn't feel right.Left 4 Dead 2 works, partially because the sound design and animations combine to give the game real crunch.When i take the head off a zombie with a fire axe in L4D2 I really feel it.Not so with Vermintide. The controls feel floaty and my weapons just don't feel like they connect. Arrows dissapear into the forms of bad guys but there's no decent visual or audio feedback to say that my hit has done damage.As a result the whole experience feels rather disconnected which is a shame.This is one of those times when i wish the rating system was differeent.Should you play this game?YesCould it be much better?Yes"
,Recommended,235540,26452929,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Parker,"Awesome game! If you want a fantasy game like Killing Floor, this a good one! Plus Warhammer is dope."
76561197995911949,Recommended,235540,20211108,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Git Gudenberg,LEFT 4 DEADmeetsCHIVALRYmeetsPAYDAYI'm hooked.
76561198036607335,Recommended,235540,25612908,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Priest of the Holy Oddball,"Great, game. Really brings to life warhammer in a first person horde mode game with obvious inspiration from Left 4 Dead. The melee combat is tight and satisfying and objectives plus some unique mobb characters break up the hacking and slashing of basic mobs which doesn't get boring anyways. I give fatshark props for very much making this a warhammer game and not just blatantly ripping off left for dead. Skaven act like Scaven not just mindless hordes. For instance if you encounter a Skaven alone, chances are he'll run from you untill his buddys show up, plus they love to flank and tear at your backside. Another thing i have to give them props for is patrolls. Throughout several levels there are patrols of heavily armored rat men who can really mess up your day if you alert them, but can be avoided if you notice and stay out of sight untill they pass. Thus rewarding more carefull play and not just mindlessly ramming through enemies. I do wish that there was more official bosses or something to look forward to at the end of special levels like the Wizards tower. There are some good objectives like holding your position against waves of rat men untill evac arrives and things like that but a more official boss is missed here. All in all a great game even if your not a warhammer fan boy. Plus with the 30 dollar price tag its a must buy."
,Recommended,235540,20565749,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Los Angeles,Pros:-Fun game-Singleplayer and multiplayer-Good time wasting gameCons:-You will get kicked from the game if you lose internet connection even though you are playing singleplayer
,Recommended,235540,20807106,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Cedup,"Some thoughts after a session of Warhammer: End Times - VermintideThe Bad:(---) Paperthin story. Why are the hereos there? At least a short introduction movie to each of them would've done the job.(---) No changeable armor (except hats)(-)   Few consumables(-)   Few enemy types(--)  No sprint(--)  No kick(--)  No finisher(---) You can't see your own legs(---) No controlable directional attack(---) Items not dropable (health potion)(-)   Skaven seem to be somewhat blind. (dumb AI)(-)   Launcher looks very dowdy(-)   German translation rather bad(-)   No German audio(-)   Even if you activate subtitles, they are not very consistent. Sometimes you got them, sometimes not.(-)   Visible enemy spawnBUGS:(-)  Giant Rats spinning around and♥♥♥♥♥♥     (--) Grabbers pull you out of the level sometimes(-)  Sometimes physics (ragdoll) glitches out.(--) Every 2nd. start of the game: Backend-Error -> restart the gameNeutral:No single player, it’s meant to be played Coop (although you can play alone with bots)Would love to see a ""4 pack"" on steam5 unique heroesThe Good:(+++) 4 player coop(+++) Them graphics(+++) Borderless window mode(++)  There are roles, but every hero can do meele and ranged attack(++)  Price(+)    Good physics(++)  It's hard!(++)  Satisfying melee(+)    Big levels(+)    Nice level design(++)  Good performance(+)    Tons of enemies(+)    Voice acting/ good Voice interaction (like: dwarf heals the mage and says something specific to that mage character, not only “here is your health portion” but more like “hey wizard woman, there you go, your bandage”)(+)    Tavern instead of boring matchmaking menus(++)  Authentic Warhammer Scenario(++)  GoryFinal ThoughtsAlthough the devs promised next level melee gameplay, I feel like there are some things missing older games did better. Like the opportunity to kick enemies or change attack direction (Dark Messiah/Dying Light), and sprinting for a short time. You can't even see your own legs if you look down, I thought this flying weapon style is a thing of the past...Nevertheless, it’s one of the best implementations of Melee in a first person game to date. This is supplemented by the fact that the game is not a full price AAA title, but comes for half the price and still delivers some unique features.If you like Warhammer/ Left4Dead go and get it, no-brainer!"
76561198005603347,Recommended,235540,20011619,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dusk,"This game is basically a warhammer version of L4d series. Pro's are that the game is fun to play and that team cooperation makes a HUGE difference whether you will succeed in completing the mission or not which is a big plus in my book (selfishness is not rewarded here). Con's are that since the last update enemys can litteraly materialize out of thin air around you or worse, behind you, which kinda feels unfair to me (it was the main reason why I stoped playing L4d2 back in the day) since there is nothing in the world you can do in order to prevent the following damage you take by these spawning foes. Another major issue is the reward system which to put plainly - SUCKS BALLS. If this is the developers attempt to cause through intermittent conditioning an addiction to the game amongst the game's players than it might not be working as planned. This is the main issue for the increasing lack of motivation that I feel to continue playing this game. There is ZERO correlation between how good you played through the round you just finished or the amount of dice, tomes and grimoires you collected during that round to the quality of the loot you will receive. You can have the most amazing round and still recieve crap items. In fact, it seems that that is the default mode. After finishing more than 100 different rounds of the game I can testify to only about 3 good drops. Thats it. And my main character still doesn't have anything close to the weapons it should have at this point. Last point, the game crashes. Not as bad as a few weeks ago but it still happens about every tenth game. Also, if the games host leaves the game the game will restart which is just lame and frustrating. I hope the developers fix these issues in the near future. The bottom line is that the game is a lot of fun to play but still has several major issues that should be addressed."
76561198061947863,Recommended,235540,18623437,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ryanus,"Oh Warhammer... Finally getting some serious love and attention.If you were/are a tabletop player like myself you can really appreciate the hard work and detail gone into this, everything from the setting to the characters themselves is a perfect send off to the Warhammer game.It just doesn't feel like a quick cash grab before the release of total war, which lets be honest has lots of us wetting ourselves over, its a superb 4 player co-op hack and slash with RPG progression elements.For all of those that are crying over the loot being difficult to get... it's in beta, why should you have everything handed over to you a week after the games release?For £20 this is an absolute steal and could easily have gone for double the price.Thanks fatshark."
76561198009580054,Not Recommended,235540,19223417,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Wolfe,"The Good:- Combat is simple yet satisfying- Graphics are excellent, immersive, and smooth- Sound is equally excellent and immesive.The Bad:- Loot system is high risk, low reward- Replaying the same dungeons can become dull- Voiceover / character comments can become repetativeAdding a loot system to a game like this (Left for Dead sytle) is a brillant idea, poorly executed.  So poor in fact, that I don't even want to play anymore.Imagine playing a carnival game over and over, hours upon hours, until you get it perfect.  Success!  And what is your reward for all your hard work?  Instead of the carnival attendant reaching up and grabbing the oversized teddybear, he grabs some dice and says ""If I roll a 6, you win the teddybear"". But he rolls a 1.  Too bad... and hands you a sticker with a rainbow on it.I suppose if i won enough rainbow stickers that I could fasion it into an oversized.. something.. but again, I wanted the bear.  Nope, Too bad. Play again.  And again, and again. Maybe next time. Still no teddybear?  Or next time.  Or next.  Or never.It actually IS too bad, because a loot system is supposed to reward players, not punish them, which is exactly how it feels. ""Congratulations on beating the game on hard (or nightmare): here's the same reward you would have gotten if you had failed on easy.""Long term, I would not recommend this game until the loot system is changed to allow players to choose their own reward, or be given a reward more appropiate for their class and/or difficulty level, or done in such a way that doesn't randomly punish you for your success."
76561197979755420,Recommended,235540,33698629,Posted: 21 July,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"-Not exactly L4D. Prettier, melee oriented. This is a HUGE difference.-Bots are pretty good, sometimes preferred, so this can easily be played single player.-Has an RPG element in collecting weapons & trinkets-Leveling/Weapons don't make you a better player. A good player in whites can run circles around you.-The community is FRIENDLY- people help you.-Some levels are BEAUTIFUL and you can explore.-The attention to detail in Warhammer Fantasy lore is amazing.-The banter between the characters is great.-Hats!To me, this is Warhammer Quest (the board game) in PC form. The only thing that keeps it from being a full WHQ is the fact that you only fight rats.I think what makes me come back to Vermintide is the fact that I can boot up a game, and for 20 minutes just destroy rats. The crunch of every destruction is so satisfying. Dodging a special and 1v1ing it. Seeing the perfect storm of rats + specials coming at you and coming out alive. I could never play the simplistic melee combat of Skyrim again."
76561198134550184,Not Recommended,235540,23278185,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Googlagofolis,"I have two VERY big problems with this game. The loot system is a complete waste of time, you get a weapon only after completing a level which is then made worse by the rarity being judged by RNG (or RANDOM Number Generation).The loot system is actually the reason I stopped playing the game. The second problem i have is that you are not allowed to play offline with bots. They have bots in the game and you can actually play only with bots and yourself but they cant just include offline? I know for a lot of people this wouldn't matter but with a crap ISP and having to move my tower a lot, it would have been nice for something that could be implemented so easily to be added. (also remember that 3GB patch for a couple bug fixes?)"
76561198193883809,Recommended,235540,19125384,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bobsss,"If you are in urgent need of an overdose of rat killing, then this is the game for you.Very similar to left for dead, but fantasy with mutant rats, the game provides a dynamic and engaging, if somewhat limited, series of missions with unlimited replay ability.New content is coming out all the time, with the developers actively listening to the community feedback.Still prone to having some bugs, espiecialy with some of a the animations, but still satisfying.With a new and vibrant community, I would give this game a solid 9/10Feel free to add me if you can not find lobbies"
,Recommended,235540,33909429,Posted: 30 July,all,Drop Bear,"This game sounded a bit repetitive and boring to me, at first. Shooting and slashing away at rats in the same maps again and again... but it is anything but boring. This game is so replayable!Each map is unique and gorgeous, with incredible atmosphere.The combat is well-designed and satisfying.Each character is a joy to play as, and can be extremely customized as far as playstyle goes - there are many weapons to choose from, and for each one, a plethora of trait combinations. Every character can be played in so many different ways, so it feels like there are perhaps more than just five characters!I will say, this game is heavily teamwork-based, particularly in the higher difficulty settings. Definitely more of a game for a team player.The banter between the characters is enjoyable and natural. Voice acting is wonderful for all characters. Combat is so smooth and responsive. The maps are very replayable and there are several difficulties to challenge you. Difficult achievements are very fun to aim for. There are also daily missions with valuable rewards to work towards, and two different game modes!Countless small (and big!) details come together to form a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,235540,31330259,Posted: 23 April,all,Canoness Avlaen,This game is what left 4 dead wishes to be.
76561198149188009,Recommended,235540,18808592,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BIG BOSS,"A big budget title made by the creators of Left4Dead by the name of Evolve launched earlier this year to much negativity due to it's sickening lack of content, lackluster multiplayer modes, disappointing business practices, manipulative marketing campaign, and several hundred dollars worth of DLC skin and character packs. Now the game is all but abandoned and it was pimped out to be the next best thing since sliced bread.Now, here comes a long another Left4Dead style, horde based, class based, multiplayer coop heavy title by an indie dev known mostly for RPG's, and by god does it put Evolve to shame. On top of not only looking better visually, having a good amount of content, better gameplay with more satisfying classes, more weapon variety, more enemy variety, better pacing, and even better written dialog between characters, it is all being sold for $30. In an age when a title like this could be sold for twice that with about $50 worth in season pass garbage and skins if sold by a big budget publisher, one has to wonder what world these developers over at FatShark even came from.The answer? The world of Warhammer son! The attention to detail is bar none to only the Relic Dawn of War and Space Marine titles. The setting is great, with highly detailed locales filled with secret passageways, chests, alternate routes, houses, rooftops, sewers, forests, harbors, magic lairs, YOU NAME IT! The controls are fluid and extremely satisfying. The combat is visceral and diverse while not feeling too complex or overly simplified. It looks great, and it sounds great with excellent voice acting from the entire cast with lines of dialog making this old (Mid 20's) Warhammer fanboy wheep with joyful tears of manliness.Sadly the game is not perfect (Knew this was coming) as it suffers from numerous bugs and performance issues, but nothing game breaking. While the loot in the game is interesting and extremely satisfying to get, it is sadly hampered by RNG dice rolls that will happily screw you over as much as reward you. The grind is real, my commrads, and the community is sadly as RNG as the loot drops since you have a high chance of running into A-HOLES that kick you randomly, curse you through the chat (Mute your damn mics, I mean it), or never stop boasting about how they played the game in beta and/or how high their level is. Play with friends ladies and gentlemen, the game is cheap enough to afford at least two people. The bots are horrible to deal with, never leaving your side, and never picking up Tomes (Essential to have better luck with RNG) nor healing themselves or even YOU appropriatly.Despite all that the game is a freaking blast to play through. Grab some friends, grab some mead and have a bloody good time for hours and hours of grind, fun, and rat murdering. Think the Orchid man if he was written by Tolkien.8/10. Can easily be higher once the devs churn out those free content updates and DLC (which I will happily support)!"
76561197964054285,Not Recommended,235540,18800873,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Xarnax,"I want to love this game! I really do, which is why I spend 60 hours hoping it was good. There are just so many small things that add up to a collected experience of ""Man this game needed 1 more month in the oven"". Now, some fanatic warhammer fans will downvote all these negative reviews, but believe me when I say that there is no bigger fanboy than I. This is also the reason why I'm am (and should be) the most critical reviewer I can be with games in this franchise.I'll cut it ""short"" by writing the classic pros and consPros-+Melee combat is great. Weapons feel different from each other and you need to learn how to use your particular choice of weapon if you want to do well on the harder difficulties. Besides that the block and push functions work well, and you get rewarded for learning how to do this effectively. You will likewise get punished if you think that hitting is the only thing needed for success.+Maps and graphics are amazing. I put these under the same category because I'm mostly talking about texture and feel,  and not about map-layout which is fine but negligable. The game oozes of warhammer and a dark setting where you really feel like moving through a medieval-esque city. I love it and the immersion is super strong.+Left for dead with loot! This is a great way to add longevity to a game, and I like getting that shiny new item to try out on the next run. This has its drawbacks too which I'm going to talk about in the cons.Cons--Let's start with the loot. Loot is great and all, but why do so many people have hundreds and hundreds of hours played in L4D if there is none. It simply comes down to a question of wether the game is fun or not. And boy is L4D fun. Same could be said for counter-strike. These games get played because they are fun and no other reason. So why does vermintide have loot and what does it contribute? As I said it feels great to earn a new piece of loot.The problem with this is that loot has become the central point of the game to a point where exploit after exploit is being found and used to get that slight edge over the game. Alot of people would much rather play the same map over and over again rather than do a slightly harder map with a chance to fail and not get those shinies! This tells us a few things about the game. 1. alot of people play to get loot instead of getting loot for playing. And 2. the games maps are badly balanced loot-wise. The harder maps won't give you better loot, they just cost you more time with a higher chance to fail (and get zero loot). You are basicly not awarded proportionally with your effort. I could write page after page on how this could be fixed, and alot of people on the official forums are already doing just that.I will however add another little note to the loot system -  The better the loot is, the more stats it has. Most stats are percentagebased (like 3-10% chance of healing you on a hit) and undetermined until you spend resouces to upgrade them at which point the stat percentage is determined. So sometimes you get a great item and roll the worst possible stats. I have a sword with 1% chance to heal you on a hit which is just the worst possible thing in the univers to see on an exotic item. What I'm trying to say with this rant is that in order to get the items you really want, you need to play several hundred hours. I have about 60 hours played right now, and I have only rolled terrible stats on my 25+ exotic items (exotic is the highest tier of non-cosmetic item in the game). That is an incredible amount of sub-par weapons.The loot system needs to be reworked if the game wants to survive a few months into the future.-Optimization is just god aweful. Seriously, this game is terribly optimized to a point where some newer computers need to run it on lowest settings to get 40+ FPS. The developers are constantly telling us that the sheer amount of skaven is taking alot of CPU power, which is why we are experiencing lag. Problem is that L4D has the same if not more enemies with similar if not better AI, and everyone and their dog can run L4D. Besides that the graphics are much better than L4D, but not on potato settings and resolution, where you can still experience terrible frame-drops. This might actually be my main complaint. It feels like a beautiful painting with stickfigures instead of people. Sad but true.- So many bugs. Seriously, this game has not been tested enough. The developers are working hard and somewhat responsive on the forums, but damn did they do a bad job of playtesting this before release. It is a mess sometimes with skave clipping through the floor and specials teleporting or shooting through the roof and whatnot. Just plain bad.-No dedicated servers (Yet). It is peer to peer which means that the whole game comes down to the connection to the host pc. And even worse, there are no save points in the game, so if the host has a DC of any kind, you will have to start ALL OVER. This is just plain bad design. When testing the game, the developers were all planted in the same building and probably playing over LAN at which point they thought - ""Well this is a perfectly good way to handle multiplayer"". Problem is.... It isn't. I haven't met a single person ingame who hasn't experience at least a couple of these, and most of us has had it happen in the last minutes of a map. You just want to punch something when a 30-40 minute playsession gets terminated.+-There are alot more to say about this game, but I won't do it. I have said what is most crucial to know for whoever wants to buy this game. I have played 60 hours and will likely play 60 more. But I won't do it because I think the game deserves it. I do it because I'm a loot-♥♥♥♥♥, and I am repulsed by the notion that this possibly amazing game has made me one. You can do better, and for that I advice you to not buy this game yet. Buy it when the developers fix these things.I promise to revise this review when/if things get better."
,Recommended,235540,18595556,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Muttalip™,"Have you ever imagined working at pest control as a bright wizard and just burn rats with the power of flames? Well, you don't have to imagine now."
,Recommended,235540,18607811,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hwestar,"Left4Dead with all the right additions to already classic gameplay. Amazing attention to details of the world and characters, awesome feel of melee battles, adequate difficulty. Finally, some quality title in Warhammer Universe and not just some uninspered cashgrab."
,Recommended,235540,18509297,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Leafenstein,"Can't really say anything yet since it's not fully released yet, but all i can say is that compared to L4D Normal in Verm is like expert it feels. your team needs to have fast reactions or everyone will die. dying is very easy in this game. you can not take many hits in this. I cant imagine what nightmare brings compared to what i see in easy mode. the specials have a few similar guys to L4D like tank, jockey, spitter(witch docter) and hunter but w/ a little spin on it and the others make the game difficult to where if combinded right could make the party wipe instantly.Definitely try this game out if you wanted a challenging L4D.-10/16/2015"
,Recommended,235540,32281956,Posted: 8 June,all,Layn,This game is like a fine wine that just keeps getting better with age
,Recommended,235540,18514488,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sunder,"This is a true warhammer game, not just 'a' game with warhammer slapped onto it!Combat feels great, persistent progression has this nice feeling of ownership to it, game setting is very atmospheric which makes you care for the world you are experiencing.Gameplay, well this is a coop horde mode, so ye... if you like L4D you will like this one (especially if you are tired of killing zombies all the time).On the tech side, this title is solid! Netwroking is good, I never experienced any lag or warping or any other latency related artifact. It does not crash and in general runs very smoothly (perhaps there is still stuff to optiize but I am sure this will be done in no time)Overall this game is worth its price!"
,Recommended,235540,20636529,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Master Makarov,"This is by far the best co-op game I've ever played. I do wish there was more, but I am still playing it after 160 levels and over 300 hours. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,235540,26635724,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ChaosWind,"Fantastic cooperative experience, even with strangers!I've heavily played other similar games such as Killing Floor 1 & 2, Left 4 Dead 2, and Payday 2, and this felt like the easiest to pick up and immerse yourself in without getting too bogged down in mathcrafting or being subject to the whims of a cruel, unforgiving RNGesus. Vermintide wraps you right in, letting you make your own blunders without instantly nuking your chances and incurring the wrath of your teammates, and at times left me staring out into the cityscape, drinking in the horrors besieging Ubersreik before getting unceremoniously whapped on the back of the head by some random rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Content seems small at first, but difficulty choices help keep things fresh without resulting to creating ludicrously high HP pools. I would highly recommend this game if you harbor a passion for PvE — or if you just want to hit some giant rats with the pointy end of a heavy stick!"
76561197995235830,Recommended,235540,23264795,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,The_Reaper,"It's mostly Left 4 Dead 2 reskinned in the Warhammer universe. This is not a bad thing. The only real difference is the class and upgrade system which add a suprising amount to the game. Gameplay is tight as a drum, and has excellent visuals."
76561198030496529,Recommended,235540,19888910,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,That one guy092,"Well with 150 hrs of play time ill be honest, There are good and bad things to point out.The game was sold incomplete for sure a lot of things dont add up and its quite obvious it needs some work. In spite of this it is a great game non the less. The item drops take a very long time to get anything decent and it took me about 30 hrs to actually get anything good while playing on nightmare with horn of magnus. Which i recommend as its fast and easy to finish for items. A down side is getting trinkets or even good trinkets is practically impossible. With 150 hrs on record i have no good trinkets to speak of not even a legendary one so that is somthing they need to work on big time, All the while im always playing nightmare so item drops are better but you rarly see trinkets on there.If you dont buy the collectors editions then you cant buy it after the fact since there is no in game store which is a downside but since there isnt a store and the collectors edition doesnt do anything for you (i think it gives you some hats which are just for decoration on your character no perks) its not worth the double price. Save your money.Overall this game is very fun especially with a good team with microphones so i recommend this game but it does need a lot of work and i belive with all the patches they are doing they are working on making it better so give it a try, just dont buy the collectors edition as its not worth the extra cash. Thanks for reading"
76561198087221327,Not Recommended,235540,24354199,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Guerrilla Boi,"I like CO-OP games and this game is kinda nice at first look.This a good game and I've got a lot better since I made this review.*The review will still remain negative until the next patch (If it get's better ofcourse).*-The maps have a really good/high replay value-There is both long and short maps.-The idea of making it harder for better loot (grimoirs).-The weapon enchants(?), which is totally RNG so you have to play to get your perfect weapon of choice.-Many good players-4/5 of the characters is balanced, except for the Elf which has aimbot.-You can still play DLC and get DLC loot if you don't own the DLC.And that's quite the it for the good things.What I dislike.-Loot system. It's unfair and stupid. I get better loot most of the time without tomes and grimoirs, RNG is RNG. You can even join a lobby end game and recieve the excact same loot as the people who spent like 30 minutes to carry all the grims and tomes through the map while you just joined and rolled a sweet 7 and got your red aimbot bow while the rest only get a white sword they don't even need. People don't want to play easy until they get full orange sets for all the characters.-Buggy enemies. Get stuck, hits you through a wall and so on.-You need friends. It's really hard to play with pubs because the game needs you to stick close to each other and that can be really hard when they run around like headless chickens. Playing on Hard and still haven't finished a map in almost 3 days doesn't make me want to continue this game so much. (Turns out NM is easier than Hard).-Crashes or DC's.-Idiotic bots. Do I have to explain why?-The game is designed so you can't return after certain points on the map. It's really stupid design due to the packmasters and gutter runners who will trap the slow teammember. Or that it leaves out supplies which would be useful within 10 seconds after you enter the ""point of no return"".-Friendly Fire. It's a good idea to increase the challenge by adding friendly fire to the game but due to the fact that you have to stay close most of the time, there is a lot of small rooms and the Desync is horrible it can really be annoying to recieve damage so often and maybe even kill one of your teammates even though he was behind you.-Stuck at loading screen.-""The game is bug free, you're just a bad player"" - The CommunityMight add more later.I hope the next big update will hit soon and do something about some of the thing's I've listed."
76561198157733220,Recommended,235540,21396371,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Beggattron,"I kill rats,So I can roll more,So I can loot more,So I can kill more rats.I hate this games loot-system so much! ♥♥♥♥ing dices...But the gameplay is so addictive and fun. It has been a long time since a multiplayer motivated me for 150+ hours.Also Fatshark is frequently rolling out patches and listens to the community. So most bad reviews about performance and crashes do not apply any more.9/10 HOLY SIGMAR!"
,Recommended,235540,18779245,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Barbari,"Refreshing amount of fun, needs optimization"
76561197983469104,Recommended,235540,19123301,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Astrinaar,"I'll recommend this game if you have 1-3 friends to play with, or you're a fan of the L4D type of gameplay. If none of those apply to you, you might want to wait with this until it's on sale.This game is 4 people who work together to get to the end of a map, usually doing small events during the map that involves holding out an attack by a horde of enemies, or transporting sacks of grain/barrels to key locations, all while being attacked by hordes of enemies. On top of the normal enemies who are mostly just fodder, there are special types of enemies, much like in Left 4 Dead, that require teamwork to kill.The maps are very linear, with small areas to explore for various loot that can spawn in set locations. There's a total of 13 maps varying in length and difficulty. The different maps help to keep things fresh, but there's just one problem. You most likely wont be playing most of these maps at all.The progression system is what fights against the different maps, because only some maps are long enough to contain special items that you can pick up during the mission, to improve your loot drops at the end of a mission. This bonus to your loot is so significant, that it feels completely useless to play any other map than one where you can get all the bonus loot items.Additionally, some maps are just easier than others, but they all drop the same loot. You can see this on the matchmaking time, people are mainly just playing the same map over and over, because there's no reason to ever go to another map.If you love getting loot, then you will most likely end up in the same situation as me. Clearing the same map over and over, so that's definitely something to keep in mind. I personally still like doing that one map, because of the special enemies that spawn randomly, every run is never completely the same, and even though there's effectively only a very small number of maps, the different classes add spice to the game.There's 5 classes: A bright wizard, who can shoot fireballs or beams of fire and other fire related destruction, depending on what weapon she uses. Then there's an elven archer with a variety of bows and fast melee weapons. A Witch Hunter, who can dual wield pistols. An Imperial Guardsman, who can choose to be a tank, or use a slow firing but strong gun. Last a dwarf, who can also be a tank, with interesting gun choices too.All the classes have a few different ranged and melee weapons to use, that change up the gameplay. You have limited ammunition, so you will have to use a mix of melee and ranged combat, which is a lot of fun.The loot that drops at the end of a game has 4 different types of quality. White, green, blue and orange. Each step up in quality gives the weapon one extra random trait, that you need to unlock by salvaging other weapons . That ends up being a lot of random. You get a random weapon type, for a somewhat random class (higher chance for current class), with random quality with random traits. The chance of getting that one weapon type with the traits you want, is really low. The randomness and different quality gives you incentive to try out another class after you've found that cool orange weapon for him, but it can also be really frustrating to keep getting items for a class that you do not want to play.It should be mentioned that the AI bots are horrible. If a player disconnects, or you're having problems finding people through the matchmaker, you gotta think twice before going on as only 3 people. Playing solo with 3 bots is basically impossible, so if you're not keen on playing with other people, then this game is not for you.ConclusionThe game has decent map variety, if you're okay with getting severely worse loot drops. If you aren't okay with that, the game makes up for it with great class diversity and randomly spawned special enemies. A fun game to enjoy with a few friends =)"
76561198002073999,Recommended,235540,18575080,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,"Vermintide's gameplay imitates Left 4 Dead competently.  But it lacks the versus mode that made Left 4 Dead great, with playable monsters.That said, it has gameplay mechanics that put an interesting twist on the Left 4 Dead formula, such as charged attacks and dodging.Buy this game if you haven't played Left 4 Dead, but wait for a sale if you have."
,Recommended,235540,33474474,Posted: 12 July,all,Vegetadm,"Very fun game.  If you're a warhammer fantasy fan, this is probably one of the best, if not the best games the franchise has to offer.  If not, it's still a lot of fun and gives plenty of atmosphere and replayability.  Think of it as Left 4 dead meets middle ages europe. Then replace zombies with rat men, much better graphics, and a melee oriented gameplay.   It may not sound like much, but the combination of atmosphere, magic, loot, crafting, and leveling take the concept to a far greater level."
,Recommended,235540,33576376,Posted: 15 July,all,Brave Mechonis,"Great co-op game with a L4D2 model, but heavily expands upon it as if it is was the base and is mostly a more refined gameplay experience. Heavier emphasis on player skill over teamwork, but the game punishes those who work alone. Has a challenging but rewarding learning curve. Plenty of weapon variety that adds to gameplay. Without DLC there is a decent amount of maps. With DLC it has plenty. A little hard to get into to start due to no getting all the tools to work with until you earn them (a good thing imo), but well worth time investment. Devs are usually on point with the game.Community is hit or miss. Most are rather friendly (or forgiving), but you always have that one guy. CPU intensive game so keep it in mind.I absolutely recommend it. The game is rewarding and fun."
,Recommended,235540,23291635,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Manu the Medic,Bought it because the voice-acting is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The gameplay is great but the voice-acting makes it 110% better.:D
76561198044229019,Recommended,235540,30657362,Posted: 21 March,all,Stingray,"Incredibly good...A -in my humble opinion- superior version of the Original it so very obviosly copies.The Gameplay is similar to it´s Inspiration though being a more Melee-Focused Game overall. There are notable Differences though...first and foremost unlike in Left4Dead you start any mission with one of the 5 Heroes that not only differ in animations and overall appearance, but also heavily in Equipment (and Task in a Team based on whatever Weapon Combination you may want to choose).Your Equipment consists of a Weapon for Melee and a Ranged Weapon, three Trinkets and a Slot for Headgear (entirely cosmetic).The Arsenal of Weaponry is incredible and very diverse; though there are some Weapons that multiple characters have access to (one handed Swords, two handed Swords...).What I especially like about the Weapons in general is that whatever Weapon you like it is reasonable to use it; before the Balancing Patch that was introduced with the ""Karak-Azgaraz""-DLC there was very few viable Options for each Character to use (obivously there´s still Weapons that are better than others, but that can be mostly compensated by developing a ""feeling"" for each Weapon...which is very important for every Melee-Weapon the Elf is using, or the two handed weapons...)The Fighting System is one of the Best ever...at least for me...You get the same kind of level of satisfaction butchering throug enemies that L4D provided but a way more realisic ""resonse"" from your weapon...for example hitting enemies with a two handed sword results in shaking the camera a little and only being able to slash throug a certain amount of enemies before the sword gets stuck (and the camera shakes heavily)...theres many small things like this that you don´t really notice while playing, but you start to miss when playing other games.The Loot System has gotten way better than it has been in the past (I play the game since release), but it still feels pretty odd to be honest...i think they tried to implement some of the Vibe the Tabeltop version has by using a Dice based system...it just feels weird that you only get one Item per encounter and you mostly (even when you equiped a trinket that improves the Probability to get Items for one specific Charater) get Weapons for Characters that you are currently not playing. That means getting your Character(s) to a Nightmare/Cataclysm-Ready State is a little too frustrating/time consuming. To be fair the Game got a Quest/Contract-System that you can get Crafting-Materials and there´s daily options of weapons, veteran weapons, trinkets or Headgear that you can specificly work for to get...since there is 3 ""random"" options which Weapon/Trinket/Headgear to get it still is going to cost some patience to wait for the item you want to appear, but it is way less frustrating than it´s been in Vanilla...believe me, way less...This brings me to the most important plus of the game...the developer-player-interaction.They listen to what the community wants them to do...the latest Balancing Patch for example has been based on players  feedback, which is just huge...Many different things were improved in a similar fashion...awesome...a bit like Blizzard doesA very important thing is -as many others have said- that you can play DLC content with your friends or random players as long as one of the team has bought the DLC you want to play...which is awesome and ensures the Community not getting split by a new set of DLC-only Weapons that only players who bought would otherwise have access to.Simply love it..."
76561197989309864,Recommended,235540,25691926,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Evil Squirrel,"This game shares a lot of qualities with left 4 dead. Yes it does have the same gameplay style, however there are some things that make it different.Graphically the game looks much better than left 4 dead. While not crysis level jaw dropping graphics, the game is polished and makes my gtx 970 work hard on extreme settings. Still getting 60-100 fps at 1080p.What is different is really in the extra parts of the gameplay. The levels are just like left 4 dead. You move from cheakpoint to checkpoint or just survive endliess waves of the horde. However as you go through the maps you must pick up dice which give you better odds when rolling at the end of a successful mission for better loot for your character. The more higher qaulity dice you pick up the better chances for rarer loot.After you start collecting loot you can break down the ones you don't like at the forge or fuse a bunch of low level stuff together for better iteams. You can also enchant or pray for better stats. These concepts will give you a reason for replayablity.There are a lot of levels. I have about 10-11 unlocked, not sure how many there are in total but that is what i have so far with just the base game and the survivial add on.So should you buy this?Do you like left 4 dead, then YES! Do you like warhammer? Maybe depends if you like shooters as well. Decent warhammer lore and conversations between characters but not an in depth full warhammer experience.Cost 30$ for the price of the game without add ons or dlc, so it's half the cost of a full title. Well worth the investment in my opinion."
76561198005189755,Not Recommended,235540,18661989,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MEOWSCHWITZ,"Update: 31/10/15- Since the last edit, the developers have released some minor patches to remove some of the exploits. This is a step in the right direction but falls far short of expectations. None of the major problems have been addressed.Should you buy it?- No, not yetWhy?The game is not ready for release.- Terrible netcode, horrible p2p latency issues, numerous drop out, no host migration, unpredicatable AI, unpredicatable hitboxes, unpredicatable and unrewarding loot.Let me first apologise for the long review. i want to give a fair critque of the current state of the game and to explain why i would not recommend this game. This game has great features, but the major problem is not with the feature but the poor way they are implemented. Think of someone having great ideas but says ""Meh, ♥♥♥♥ it, this will i do"" when implementing them. This is the game i am reviewing. This review will warn you about the frustration this game will cause, possibily because of those features but mainly due to the terrible state of the game.Intro:Do you like melee? Do you like ranged combat? how about leveling and getting loot? All these sound like great things in a game right? Well, they are, Vermintide is basically a very good game. The ranged combat is good but not as good as other dedicated ranged combat games. The melee is tactile but not a good as a dedicated melee game. And, the combination of the two mechanics are inferior to games such as Killing Floor 2, but better than other game that are not heavily focused on pure combat mechanics like Skyrim.What about interesting character classes? A teamwork-centric experience? Well the game is also these things. The classes are differentiated but are not as clearly as other co-op roleplaying games like Dungeon Defenders but is more varied than Left4Dead and other horde mode games.So would i recommend this game?- If the game worked properly: Yes. It does most things quite well, like a jack of all trades, but it is a master of none. Fun when it works, a well balanced game with a number of interesting features that have great potential, but mostly it doesnt. Allow me to explain.Poor Net-Code:- Imagine a challenging experience where you have the chance of great reward. You work hard, co-ordinate with friends or strangers to complete very difficult tasks, but near the end of the challenge... BAM!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU, YOU GET NOTHING! Why? Because the host disconnected? Because the host is a troll and disbanded the party on purpose? You Disconnected? You could experience any number of these issues.Poor-Graphics Optimisation:- For anyone without a high-end PC you will be playing on medium at best. Even then, you will experience severe drops in framerate. From 60+ to low 10's during combat. In addition to this, the poo optimisation has lead to GPU's over-heating, and hence, crashing the game.P2P Stability:- Most, if not all players, have experienced disconnections and latency issues. How often do these things happen will vary depending on your connection. If your internet is perfect this will still affect you. If your internet is average, then often. If your internet is very good in almost every circumstance and does no experience any of these issues in any other game, still often.Un-Polished Mechanics:- How about you avoid these issues most of the time? Do you like killing vermin? How about killing a rat but moments later your screen flashes and notifies you that you have taken damage. Why? Because of the horribly unpredictable latency. Swing your Axe/Sword/Mace: every now and again, nothing happens. Shoot your Gun/Bow/Staff: same problem.Poor Game Design:- Challenging games like Dark Souls are challenging but fair. Good mechanics, learning the game,  patience, and practice, will result in the game becoming more enjoyable. But in Vermintide, these things are irrelevant from time to time. If the game decides you take copious amounts of damages you will. Can you block the damage? No, Can you dodge the damage? No. Can the player control any of the variables in the game that will prevent this damage? No. The game has unblockable, undodgeable, randomly generated enemies that can spawn during opening-cut scenes, behind walls, under the map, or any number of unacceptable cricumstance that will wipe your entire party.RNG (random number generation) Hell:- The loot system is far too unpredicatable and unrewarding. When you (If you) complete a map, you have to roll a set of 7 dice; this will determine which of the 7 objects you receive. The 7 possible objects are all randomly generated. Once you receive the item, there is randomly selected trait out of a possible 30 traits, most of which are not that useful, but a select few that are ridciously overpowered and game changing. Then you 'unlock' the traits which randomly determines the % change of it proc'ing. So far, that is 4 RNG hoops to jump through when receiving an item. This is more random and annoying than Diablo 3's loot system at launch which was heavily critised. You cannot control the loot in any meaningful way. The game does not take your preferred or weapon choice into account when determine the 7 possible reward items. Completing objectives only increases the possibility of an increase in of item quality (white, green, blue, orange, red) but you can still end up with trash/white loot in the second hardest difficulty.Conclusion:I want to spend 50, 100, 500, hours on this game. i really do. Can i? yes, of course i can, but it will probably lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game has potential, but it's the same potential as a wild animal. It may be cute and welcoming at first but be prepared as they will likely ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up after a while.This game is no different from the numerous other game that have been released in incomplete states. At launch the game is barely playable. Numerous game breaking problems, balance issues, and a host of other minor bugs makes this game currently a horrible experience.Some have been able to overlook these issues. I applaud them, and it is good that there are people who are enjoying their experience of this game. However, if your time is valuable, and your consumer mindset is to pay for a good product, this game is not what you're currently looking for.P.S. WTF!! this game is designed to be played at an FOV of 65?!?! Is it fair to make a connection between the FOV of this game and DOOM or Quake1 or any other game that was released prior to Windows 2000? Like seriously... WTF! The developers have stated this game is intend and designed to be played at 65FOV. A slider is provided but will affect the game in serious ways. Any increase beyond 65 will result in unpredicatbility of hit detection and crashes. If you dont have an issue with 65FOV, your experience of this game will be much improved compared to mine, but if you wish for anyting above 65, even a slight increase to 70, a nice even number, no. GTFO, not intended.Edit: For those who recommend: Host your own game to avoid drop out and crashes? Yes it is ""a"" solution, but should not be ""the"" solution. Mathematically, a 4 co-op player game with only players hosting and not joining does not a 4 player co-op game make. This is something the developers must address. Hosting a game is a temporaly work-around for an unresolved bug.FYI - I prodminately play with a fixed group over skype. This makes certain aspects of the game far more fun. Naturally we will enjoy things more with people we enjoy, but having a great group of friends to play with does not result in me or my friends overlooking the obvious flaws in this game."
76561198053879770,Recommended,235540,26459322,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,PanzerPastor,"This game maybe repetive, but so was L4D and I loved that game.But in this game there is a reason to do same missions all over again: Loot. It may not be much, but the feeling of getting better weapons, having the luck of the dice on your side is satisfing. Also the adition of quest and contracts give a reason to play few time per day, just to get them done."
,Recommended,235540,18647225,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Our Lord Scudmungus,"To you folks out there in gaming land, this is what you want - smart developers that refine and improve, providing you with ever better gaming experiences. It's like SCIENCE!So, what do we have? Left 4 Dead, framed with a Warhammer context, and then some.What's been added?- gambling/unlock system, itemisation and customisation. In the good way, as oppossed to the ever popular 'milk your fanbase's playtime by hiding the goodies behind a time wall'. The core experience is delievered from the start, the rest is simply tinkering things to suit your playstyle.- focus on melee. Blocking is an important part of play. Not everyone needs to get up close and personal and a shield isn't required to succeed, but oh yes does it help. If you were the type to pick up the fireaxe in L4D, damn everything else, and boldy take point, slaughtering all the deadheads that dared oppossed you, then you're gonna love this game.- better signalling. You can tag specials for your team mates, helping you cooridinate your efforts. Likewise, the sound effects triggered before a special enemy attacks are clear and add to the atmosphere.- which brings me to the specials. We've basically got the smoker (pack master), hunter (assassin), spitter (poisonwind globadier.. with less floor-splash, more in-your-face gas distortion and the tendency to self destruct on death), and tanks (rat ogres). Thankfully there's no jockey but we do get the awesome Storm Vermin, who have a habit of clumping up and giving you grief, thanks to their armour.- Warhammer. Grimdark. Dirt. Rats. Cracks. Stains. It's all there. If you've ever wanted to virtually sniff the docks of an Imperial city, or stain your boots in its fetid sewers, or perhaps simply chill in a gloomy tavern with a very ugly bar tenders, then this is the game for you.What are we missing?- Sadly, we can't play as the Skaven.- There's a crippling shortage of rednecks.- The colour palette seems washed out, though I figure this is more to do with the confusing Gamma settings instructions. Personally, I wacked things down till they were gloomy and never could find the second symbol...TL:DR4 players. Ideally friends. Fighting hordes of ratmen. With axes, swords, fire, guns and bow. In a lavish gothic-fantasy setting.Good fun. Bring friends!"
,Recommended,235540,22108600,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Runny Eggs,"After 400 hours I figure it's time I gave this game a review.Obviously having that much time in the game I find it to be a challenging and rewarding experience. Those rewards, however, are intrinsic to a difficult game. Do not expect this to be a loot driven, MMORPG-esque experience. It isn't. In fact I daresay that if you play this game with loot on the brain, expect to be disappointed. This game is about taking three other people and doing some of the most challenging and visceral melee combat that I've ever encountered in a game. Completion of missions offers the reward of self satisfaction and, sometimes, maybe a piece of loot you can use.There are five difficulty levels and the differences between each are noticable and substantial. Easy is basically a check to see if you understand mechanics and is good for the first map or two. Normal is a fantastic way to farm your first 10-15 levels. Once you begin playing Hard the hits will begin to hurt and you will run the legitimate risk of having a team wipe. Nightmare introduces friendly-fire and challenges players well up to level 100. Finally, Cataclysm offers the ultimate challenge. In Cataclysm difficulty, just four hits from even the most basic enemy can down your character.I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in the four player co-op genre. Do not purchase this if you're not willing to work together with your fellow players in order to achieve a common goal. Do not purchase this if you're primarily concerned about the weapons/trinkets/items you recieve along the way. Loot isn't a big part of this game, ultimately. DO purchase this game if you enjoyed Chivalry, Dark Souls, or similar challenging melee combat titles. DO purchase if you enjoy being legitimately challenged in a group environment. You will need friends to keep up in Vermintide, and once you're in the zone, the experience is unparalled."
,Recommended,235540,29340252,Posted: 18 January,all,Protector,"Yea, a lot of people compare it to L4D and to some extent I agree with them, but it really gives you a different setting and gameplay. Combat is, believe it or not, perfectly executed and slashing through rats is really enjoyable. There is a leveling system and collecting loot (different weapons) so you have more room for replay value.Quick game overview:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr3arT8OWAYRecommended!"
,Recommended,235540,23249014,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Captain McAwesome,Think L4D in Medieval times with Ratmen. Then add in a gear/loot system.
,Recommended,235540,23457396,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Krindi,"In a refreshing change from other games that purport to be 'difficult', and then feel like the 'easy' or 'normal' difficulty some of us older gamers grew up playing, Vermintide is actually difficult - sometimes unfairly so.  And that's a good thing, in my opinion.  The accomplishment of completion is more meaningful when there's an actual penalty (lost time, and poor rewards) for failure.  None of this ""get a trophy for showing up"" stuff, you have to actually play well in order to obtain your rewards.This game hasTHEbest first-person melee combat of any game I've ever played; it's set in a universe that makes me nostalgic about childhood, and it the in-game character diaglogue's as they interact with each other are fantastic.The mechanics of the game, being very much based on the Left For Dead franchise, absolutely punish you for failure to play as a team.  Sadly, many people still can't seem to understand that ""play as a team"" does NOT mean ""run off on my own ahead of the party so that I can get the highest score on the meaningless leaderboards at the end of the match and I hate you jerks for not rescuing me after I got grabbed"".That being said, the vast majority of people I've played with - and I almost exclusively play in pickup groups - have been good people to game with.Word of warning, if you are the type to be overly concerned with your loot reward then this may not be the game for you.  If you spent 20-40 minutes on a run that was enjoyable and a great experience, but getting sub-par loot through the random loot award at the end will completely ruin what was a great experience just moments before, then yeah, this may not be your cup of tea.However, if you just like killing an endless horde of rats, gaming with a good group of people, and spending time in a very well done universe, then Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is for you.edit: 5 months later, I still play this game almost every day.  The recent Quests and Contracts free DLC is very rewarding for casual gameplay of an hour or two here and there, and the substantially improved loot tables from patch 1.4.3 greatly improve the quality of loot that is obtained."
76561198003570750,Recommended,235540,23280500,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Deadlock,"Vermintide = L4D + Chivalry + Bad RatsGreat fun, but I'd only recommend it if you play with 3 friends, because teamplay is essential."
76561197991808695,Recommended,235540,24630198,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,acesahn,"I didnt know what I was doing, the game crashed because I didnt turn off shadows and bloom lighting, It took me five matches to know how to equip items, even though the game told me to equip a trinket since the very first moment in game.All that said... this game has got me hooked.  The style, the combat, the atmosphere, the voice acting, the characters, the enemies... its all so very good.  The banter between the characters, really gives the game alot of character, with the Witch Hunter sneering and barely able to contain his resentment for nearly everyone in the group, only somewhat amiable to the Soldier and Dwarf.  The Elf condensends and does her best to be mysterious and frustrating to the rest of the group, whom she clearly sees as beneath her, calling them log feet among other things.  The dwarf will play team cheer leader half of the time with hardy compliments and singing of Dwarven ballets and tavern songs, and other times bluntly insult the cultures and egos of the group the next.The game is fun, and has alot of character and heart, I highly recomend it."
76561197991845481,Recommended,235540,30391438,Posted: 8 March,all,Compeer,"One of my ""go to"" games. Its pure pve mayhem where you need skill and team work to succeed.Team up and slaughter thousands of rats! You will love it."
,Recommended,235540,18562942,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Albinobob,"I wasn't expecting a (heavily) Left 4 Dead inspired wave-based survival coop game to be this good. The AI is clever and relentless, the melee feels nice and crunchy, the firearms are loud and powerful, and the characters are charming and lovable. That being said, this is a very unforgiving and difficult game. If you don't work as a team 100% of the time, the vermin can and will overwhelm you. So if you're looking for a tough but rewarding experience, then this is a very good title to have in your library. I very much enjoyed the time I've put into it so far and I look forward to the full game.Oh also, ogres can eat my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,235540,19273991,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,$teamPunk,Medieval Left 4 Dead
76561197969314552,Not Recommended,235540,24029454,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AtomicPenguin,"A review for anyone that's intending to play solo with bots; my recommendation would be, don't.The loot system is brutally slow to advance with, and you're going to spend a lot of time getting loot you don't want for classes you don't play in order to maybe get lucky once and get something worthwhile. Some weapons even for the class you do want them for are just plain bad compared to others as well.The maps are hit and miss. Some are pretty fun, some are fairly long, others are in between or completely awful. Any of the maps with objectives that require destroying a chain or carrying grain sacks are left completely up to you to do when playing with bots, and they'll do little to help you with the objective beyond keeping a few rats busy while you do it. On some of the maps, like Gardens of Morr, they fail to follow you into the area with the chains you destroy which will repeatedly lead to you dying at the end of a lengthy level because you got left alone and killed by a hookrat or assassin rat that you can kill you instantly solo.A fun game hampered by some bad decisions and bot teammates that aren't even adequate on some of the maps. If you have friends to play with I'd recommend it, but otherwise I don't think it's worth the frustration."
,Recommended,235540,23266941,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Wuelfen,A good game to play co-op!
,Recommended,235540,18580153,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ahhchoo,"Left 4 Dead Warhammer style !!Different characters, several missions, skavens and loot!!"
,Recommended,235540,18713434,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sins™,Most fun co-op game i've played in a long time..maybe ever. Best sleeper hit of 2015 easily. Love this game 10/10
,Recommended,235540,22406235,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Them Gablins,"A game in which you, the opressive human empire prevent innocent rat men from solving their societies crippling skull shortage.  10/10, would wonder where the bot's going again."
,Recommended,235540,29066841,Posted: 6 January,all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"This game pretty much plays the same as Left4Dead.Sure, plenty of differences in story and setting, but there's many similarities gameplay wise; the way you move through levels, the 4 main characters and the special enemies types, co-op or 3 bots, etc.Since it's a fantasy/medieval setting, you won't be gunning down as much, blunderbuss doesn't quite have the firing rate of an AK. So it's mostly melee combat, up close and cozy.If you get tired of mowing down zombies, get this game and smash some rats in the End Times."
,Not Recommended,235540,20391097,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Crimson Hog,"For now I cannot reccomend this game to anyone, except some people with good teammates.Setting is good, visuals is OK, sound is nice, BUT the bots are extremely stupid.It's OK that they don't use potions & bombs, or they don't carry sacks and barrels. But that ""Curse of the Ratling Gunner"" makes me sick, because a lot of games was lost because of it.Curse is simple:If the ratling gunner spawns with any other special (except globaldier, maybe) and player don't kill it outright - he will be dead. Pack master can drag player all around map, ogre can beat him to death and assasin can♥♥♥♥♥♥him in any way he want. Bots will just ignore player, trying to kill themselves in the bullet shower. Sometimes they even die earlier.And bots can feel the ratling gunner presence from the other side of the map, which makes me think that points of no return was created just to prevent bots from rushing back.Someone can say about multiplayer, but usually random guys are worse than bots. As in any other multiplayer team game. Yes, there is good players on the high difficulties, but do you really want grinding hundreds of hours on the same maps to be accepted by them? Grind here is similar to the old korean MMO - on the ""normal"" you usually get one random (5 classes, 2 types of attack, 3-6 weapons for each type) white item for the 30-60 mins of playing. For the good nightmare run you will need particular orange for your class, which cost x125 of the same white items."
76561198021236972,Recommended,235540,18723883,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Spear & Shield,I just like rolling the dices.
,Recommended,235540,18586884,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[PPP]Kirya,"This is a better version of L4D1 in a better setting with better graphics, netcode, lore and maps. You also get to kill a limitless amount of Skaven. 10/10 would slay again."
76561198000525939,Recommended,235540,19261977,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Revarien,"This game is, hands down, a better version of Left 4 Dead. If you enjoyed that game, this one is taking that one to the next level. It's a grim-dark fantasy FPS co-op game with personal advancement and a small side-crafting-like system. It encourages, nay... DEMANDS cooperative play. If you're the 'lone-wolf' type of player, you can still shine, but if you try to go it alone, you will fail. Stay together. Stay alive. FOR THE EMPIRE! FOR THE EMPEROR!"
76561198004142785,Recommended,235540,21736159,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Banerik,"Vermintide, on its surface, is ""Left 4 Dead with rats"". While in a general sense that may be true, Vermintide is much more. With fast-paced, very difficult action, a rewarding loot/crafting system, excellent visuals, subtle yet engaging characters, and a terrific setting, Vermintide isn't just ""Left 4 Dead with rats"". I'll say it; it's better than Left 4 Dead."
76561198012698954,Recommended,235540,20775941,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Doug Heffernan,"Beware: Addictive Game!You like Warhammer, Blood, Gore, Rats, epic Fights, Teamplay, Loot, neverending Fun? --> Vermindite - The End TimesWhat are you still doing here? Buy it!!!! ;)"
,Recommended,235540,23767438,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gruz,"A little rough around the edges because its not a AAA title, but it has the most viceral, satisfying, fluid, meaty combat you will ever experience in this genre.Fantastic player interaction through voiced characters, dark and gritty environment, just awesome fun time!"
,Recommended,235540,23282331,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nicolás Maduro,"I think some reviews are being too harsh.  The game has its problems, and it can be a grind, and the population is failing a little, but it's still a pretty solid package.  Most negative reviews seem to be along the lines of;""Well I used to play this a lot, but it has gotten repetitive, and there isn't enough content, too much grind, etc.""These complaints seem to stem from the fact that this game's genre can be a little misleading.  There's loot and some progression, which means that a lot of people are going to get autistic about this game, treat it like an MMO, grind for 100 hours of game time, and then complain that all the grind has gotten them no where.If you play with the ""I need to get more loot"" mentality in focus, you're probably not going to have as much fun.  Loot is there to complement your growth in skill to help you beat the harder difficulties, which can be extremely challanging.  It shouldn't be your goal post, and the fact that it is for a lot of people in the community is the game's biggest detractor.Don't be like those tools who have Horn of Magnus (one of the first missions) down to a science and play it over and over for the easy loot.  Play this game in short bursts with some friends, or even with people you find online, and you'll find it a very enjoyable take on the Left4Dead formula.  It lacks the diverse game modes that kept L4D fresh for so long, but the setting is really enjoyable and the gameplay is satisfying and leaves enough room for you to develop your own strategies to tackle the harder difficulties."
,Recommended,235540,23255496,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Splendid Naked Officer,"Great game.  The good parts of L4D, with an emphasis on melee combat, and tough-but-fair mechanics.  The loot system provides progression across multiple sessions, and allows you to tweak your playstyle.  Also, great voice acting - intentionally over-the-top in the manner of proper Warhammer characters.Highly recommend, with no reservations."
76561198048249227,Recommended,235540,24019794,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fortuiteer,"[Edited: 10/10/2016 & 12/16/2016 - I did not change the content of my review, but added some formatting.]I just felt like commenting on several subjects.Vermintide plays very much like L4D2.That is the truth. If you cannot stand the basic gameplay of L4D anymore, there is little reason for buying Vermintide.But if it's rather the repetition of the same visuals, map layouts, characters and lack of further purpose, that made you stop playing Valve's zombie (""infected"") coop shooter, Vermintide may be the solution. Just be aware that many of its aspects are very close imitations of L4D, slightly modified to fit the setting.Similarities to Left 4 Dead:- There are enemies that directly emulate the functions of the ""hunter"", the ""spitter"", the ""smoker"", the ""jockey"" and the ""tank"".- Cooperation is required in the same way as in L4D.- Healing items work mostly in the same fashion.- You have a ""push away"" feature to shortly fend off multiple attackers.- You progress through maps by clearing specific objectives.- Just like L4D, the game is only really enjoyable in cooperative mode with reliable companions. The AI controlled characters that follow you around in single player are, sadly, not reliable and will provide much frustration. Especially since the game gets more entertaining with higher difficulty levels, where all players are required to work very well together.- I repeat, the game is most enjoyable in higher difficulty levels, where good cooperation is key. Same as it applies to L4D.Where Vermintide is different from L4D:- There are 5 characters/classes that have access to different weapon categories and attacks, though some overlap.- Melee combat has a somewhat bigger priority, but every character goes into battle with one melee and one ranged weapon. Some characters are specialized in ranged attacks.- One of the characters is specialized in the use of fire magic, with a remarkably different playstyle, compared to other characters.- After each successfully completed mission, each player gains a random weapon (or other loot items that I know little about at this point). The chances for a higher quality of this random loot can be influenced by collecting a number of specific items, which are randomly placed in each map, sometimes well hidden, encouraging exploration. The difficulty setting of the mission also determines the max potential quality.- Weapons can be further enchanted or melted into the resources that are required for enchanments.- Collecting loot is one of Vermintide's strongest replayability features. Comparable to Diablo.- Vermintide is set in a fascinating and very detailed dark-fantasy world, in contrast to L4D's modern urban setting.- Between missions, the characters stay in a tavern with access to several tools that allow customization of the equipment (nothing visual, just stats). Similar to ""Dungeon Defenders"".- Some of the special enemies are not copied from L4D.Where Vermintide shines in comparison to L4D is the combat system.I'll give a somewhat detailed description of the mechanics. It's actually more complex than that and I am not an expert on the topic. Skip the next paragraph if you're not interested.Details on combat:Melee weapons are available in these categories: One-handed, one-handed with shield, two-handed. With them you may perform either a quick, normal attack or a slower, charged attack. All weapons have 4 stats that differ with both, weapon category and attack type (normal or charged). These stats are damage, speed, # of targets, and knockback.The biggest difference is between the one-handed and two-handed weapons. The normal swings of one-handed weapons tend to do fairly low damage but in a wide arc, hitting multiple foes at once, at a good frequency but with minimal knockback, if any. Two-handed weapons are hard to swing quickly, thus the normal attacks are performed in a vertical down-swing, with high damage output to only a single foe (1-hit kill on all cannon fodder), sacrificing any potential knockback for speed and strength.The charged attacks come with the risk of being interrupted by enemy attacks, but they are the bread and butter for most two-handed weapons. One-handed weapons usually focus their charge on a single enemy, for higher damage. Two-handed weapons charge for high damage in wide arcs, hitting more foes. Two-handed swords and axes tend to have the highest damage output with a lower knockback. Two-handed hammers kill slower than the aforementioned but have a high enough knockback to constantly send groups of ratmen flying about, providing a moment of time before the foes get back to their feet.Shields provide better protection/blocking capabilities and shield smashing. Ranged weapons are not just limited to bows and crossbows, but include flint-lock pistols and rifles of a wide steampunk-fantasy variety. They cannot be charged but have a zoom feature. The fire magic class uses differing staves for differing fire projectiles, plus a secondary fire mode for each.Additionally, weapon categories can also come with the traits armor-piercing, headshot, burning and poison (there might be more), which may apply to the normal attack, the charge or both.[End of details]Given everything listed above, combat, character choices and the loot system provide a lot more variety to the gameplay than you would find in L4D. But if none of that interests you, there is only little reason for buying the game.Community:I have seen someone complain about the mannerisms of the community, but cannot agree with that assessment. The worst behavior I have met so far, are the impatient players who constantly run ahead, without looking back or caring about the whereabouts of their companions. Other than that you have many young people prone to bad temper, snapping and complaining without much cause. But those are usually easy to deal with,if you don't suffer from a bad temper yourself.Overall I had far more pleasant encounters than bad ones."
,Recommended,235540,23324640,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ciry,Zombies are so 2015
,Recommended,235540,21702779,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Horrid,"Previously I had a negative review for this game, as of now it is much better than when my initial review was done.Most of my complaints have been fixed, there are a few still that need some work, but for the most part the game is stable and fun again.The new DLC maps do randomly crash and are a bit buggy still, but the main portion runs rather smooth and I only have lag problems when the host is rather far.I can currently recommend this game again, hopefully I won't have to come edit my review later down the road."
,Recommended,235540,23255398,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Xenic,"I love this game, and so like all reviews, my opinion is biased.My quick thoughts on it are that It has amazing and varied combat, with huge depth that will keep you coming back for more and more. It is in my opinion honestly better than left 4 dead as there is more to it than shooting at faceless characterless hordes of targets. Instead it’s a game about pitting you and your friends against an enemy that is beautifully brought to life as scheming, backstabbing, wimpy and yet charming race of rat men.It brings to life a great world and characters that is just enough to draw you in and yet leaves enough mystery to entice you to go deeper into the lore through other mediums (which is just a testament to the talent of Fatshark and is a huge boon to Games workshop, so if nothing else GM should be throwing cash at this in my biased opinion :D ).Its down side, in my opinion, are the bugs, the optimisation and the bots. But neither of these are game breaking in my experience and I have actively seen improvements. But be a smart consumer and do look into specs and performance reviews before you buy.So I feel this is a great game! Worth the buy if you are looking for a meaty co-op focused combat game with great atmosphere, despite a few bugs and performance issues. So I recommend grabbing a weapon hero and joining me in the Reiklands. There be Skaven about!"
76561198028884184,Recommended,235540,23311657,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Acid Octopus,Warhammer L4D. Enough said.
,Recommended,235540,23295333,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,eju,"Similar to Left 4 Dead, but it also features interesting loot systems and gear progression."
76561198284387473,Recommended,235540,23288429,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Brownian motion,Awesome game. I play it with my mate a lot and it is just hilarious fun.Although the game is a tad glitchy at times with the rats it can be forgiven due to it being a reasonably early game still and the fact that when the rats do glitch out during death it makes it so funny i just have to stop and take a screenshot.I am also glad to see that this game supports the XB1 wireless controller in case i'm feeling lazy yet still want to play.If you do not like rats and like warhammer i would recommend having a go at this game...although some of the rats are a little more horrifying to come up against (no spoilers).Anyway THUMBS UP!
76561198095284167,Recommended,235540,23294338,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Marshmellow Monarch™,"This game is Awesome, All Warhammer Fans SHOULD have this game already and would enjoy it as much as i have. i Rate is a 100/10. Keep up the good work Developers."
,Recommended,235540,23287077,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,iRhuel,"It's Left4Dead and Warhammer Fantasy together. That's pretty much all you need to know about it. If you like either of those IPs and/or have friends to play with, this is a lot of fun. If you don't like either of those and have no one to play with, this probably isn't the game for you. The game has already led to many memorable and frenetic moments for my friends and me. It was obviously meant to be played cooperatively, so if you plan on playing alone you'd be missing out on a lot of what it has to offer.A lot of common complaints I saw in other reviews I can't really comment on or don't agree with because:- bad matchmaking (I have people I play with, and any empty slots get filled pretty regularly)- bugs (a few, but none that were game breaking. Who knows, that could change)- repetitive (maybe, but it would be repetitive in the way L4D or any other hack-n-slash is repetitive)- grindy for items (Not really. Right off the bat you have way, way more diversity in potential gameplay styles through the classes, and after 7 hrs I've already gathered a bunch of functionally different weapons for each class. If you feel compelled to own all things immediately, then yes, I can see how this might seem grindy.)To be fair I got this on sale for $18, you'll have to decide for yourself how much a co-op slash-em-up L4D is worth to you. With that in mind I'm happy with my purchase, and look forward to many nights shouting profanities at virtual rat-men as I cave in their heads with a giant hammer."
,Recommended,235540,23396300,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Early Access Concentration Camp,"It is like L4D2 with character progression, Buy this if you loved Left 4 Dead. If not, buy this because you like Warhammer. The characters are really on point with their banter to each other and its great just hearing their discussions. One time the Witch Hunter told the Imperial Soldier to consider his family dead and use the hate to slay rats."
,Recommended,235540,23285181,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lurid,"Played during the free weekend with friends. We liked it, but the lack of a 4-pack made us hold off until it's slightly cheaper."
,Recommended,235540,23310111,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TXherald,"Fantastic setting that does wonderful justice to the source material. Yes, the game is totally Left 4 Dead placed in the Warhammer Fantasy setting... but how is that anything less than an ever better reason to get it?The only problematic item is with the relatively low player population you are often forced to rely on BOTs to fill in the party and the AI seems to have no vague understanding that they need to protect the person that is claiming objectives.Past that there is literally no reason that everyone should have this game in their library."
76561197995967575,Recommended,235540,23455442,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Winter Wombat,"The game owes a lot to the L4D series, but the unique elements it adds really make the game shine. The best feature, in my opinion, is the different characters and weapon types you get to use, each of which lends itself to a different playstyle. Unfortunately, it can take some effort to figure out just what that style is, because the game's interface doesn't really give you enough information about your own capabilities. The game still feels unfinished in certain places, mostly in terms of flavor text and effect descriptions, but the gameplay is solid and obviously well developed.The progression system is simple and enjoyable, the combat is fierce and fun, and the community is surprisingly positive and helpful. Striving for better loot and bigger achievements makes it fun to risk runs at higher difficulties, but players of any skill level can achieve slow but steady advancement on the easier modes.The game has its share of bugs, though they've grown steadilly fewer as time has passed. Mostly it's standard errors, like characters falling through the level geometry or even flags failing to trigger. They've been an inconvenience on occasion, but only stopped me from completing a level once, several patches ago. Overall, I'd say that of the bugs I notice, 10% are frustrating, 10% are actually helpful, and 80% are just amusing.Play this game if: You like intense arcade-style co-op games, you love the setting and atmosphere of Warhammer Fantasy, or you loved the melee fighting elements of L4D2.Avoid this game if: You want deep and complex character customization, you're not a fan of random loot drops, you get frustrated in games where you die and have to restart the whole level."
76561198030895136,Recommended,235540,23366369,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mecrutio,"The only thing I would enjoy more than this game, is one where you played as an imperial guardsman vs tyranids"
76561198061559900,Recommended,235540,20654446,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pepi Le Cube,"Few games if any in recent times have captured the grim, dank and mostly misserable world of warhammer: fantasy. Before age of sigmar buggered the franchise like an ogre on cataclysm, we had a world of amazing dark fantasy. The aesthetic and presentation is wonderful for me, i like the loot system, it keeps the game interesting. Getting loot for other heroes can be annoying but encourages playing multiple roles instead of a singular focus. The range of weapons and styles is great. My only issues stem from engine troubles like how skaven seemed to be at times hitting far beyond the weapons they carry or through walls. Stab through blocks or worse just clipping  through walls behind your team and dealing that ever so annoying rear stab.Even with such issues, that cannot be understated. The detail and passion that has gone into this game is amazing. Hopefully dlc/ flc will expand the heroes and levels with maybe a few tweaks to the loot for good measure. Now who fancies Horn Of Magnus again, feeling abit lucky this time.https://lostinthebloggersphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/22/quick-review-vermintide/"
,Recommended,235540,21211255,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Peashooter,"With Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide, we now no longer have to wait 80,000 years in order to experience what it is like to live in the world of Elois and Morlocks. Vermines, Skavens, rats, beings of the underworld or whatever you'd like to call them decides to invade the city of Ubersreik, and the heroes are there to drive them back to their underworld, while killing their families, burning their homes, nuking their cities and eradicating their existance on the way.This game, like what many others have said, is very similar to that of Left 4 Dead 2 in terms of game-play, though there are apparent differences as well. You have two type of major weapons, melee and ranged. Both weapons vary depending on which of the 5 classes you chose. Some are versatile killers while others are ranged experts or indispensable tanks which can keep the whole team safe. The missions are similar to those of L4D2 as well, with half of them being campaigns where you have to venture into a place and clear a finale event before evacuating in a wagon-like transport, while the other halves are some defense or smaller event missions. Eneimes are similar as well, with hordes of small and weak rats, special rats with various attrabutes such as pouncing, strangling, gattling guns or toxic gases. There'll be a tank-like boss called rat ogre where the whole team has to gang up to defeat him, and the patrol armored rats where the team will have to hide while they move away, avoding their attention.There is a leveling and weaponary system in the game as well. The levels means nothing except that they will award you with a new weapon (a rather weak one) with ever level you gained. The are no stats involved for the characters, such as strength or intellegence. The major prupose of the game lies in the weaponary system. At the end of each successful mission, be it the major campaings or smaller event missions, you will have a number of dice which you'll try to roll for better weapons. There is also a weaponary system where you can rank up your weapons or unlock skills for your weapons.The game itself is not easy, though after a few days of gaming and a few trusted friends you should be able to handle higher difficulties. There are 5 levels of difficulties, though you can increase the difficulty of your game (if you are playing a campaign) by looking for and holding on to tomes and grimoires, of which the former will take up a health potion spot, while the latter a boosting potion spot and reducing the team's health points by a third.Again, similar to L4D2, this game requires cooperative gameplay, so this is definitely a go if can gather enough friends (you need four players) who can gather together and play on a regular basis, as you'll most likely find rushers who will rush out, get pinned, die, and leave you with nothing but fustration.P.S. The ending is kind of skimpy, though it's really not the whole purpose of playing this game, so I'll leave it for you to figure it out yourself."
76561198158404199,Recommended,235540,33599976,Posted: 16 July,all,dogmangler,"I may be a dogmangler, but mangling rats is just as fun...They constantly add new stuff, for little to no cost so it tends to maintain it's appeal.  Get some daily agression out and demolish a thousand rats on your own in one level.  Stay close together, find secrets, kill rats.It's not a super deep game, and I don't know much about the Warhammer universe, but you get to kill rats.Gruber and old one eye Saltz are waiting for you, just remember, these are the end times~!"
76561197983745661,Recommended,235540,20943477,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Spacehouse,"Would it be heretical to say this is the best Warhammer action game out now? Cause this is certainly one of the best first person action games in recent memory.Has some of the best atmosphere and sound design I've experienced in a first person game. The loot reward system is fairly screwy, but a good game and gratifying experience nonetheless."
76561198006556932,Recommended,235540,20384298,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Arda,"Left for Dead like game play but set in the Warhammer universe. More Melee focused first Person however you do have a secondary weapon which is ranged and very important for taking out special units in troublesome situations.Unlike L4D there is a actual reason to keep playing for more than just teamwork, LOOT! Zombies are replaced by Skaven (Rat creatures for the uninformed) as you pass through the level you pick items that heal, make you more powerful, ammo and items that give you better chances of da good loot at the end of the game. At the end of the game you roll dice and the number of successful diced roll determines the quality of the loot you receive.Each race/character has access to race/char specific weapons, those weapons are (Mostly) unique weapons stats/characteristics, so each characater has its own specific play style as well which makes the game unique and replayable.Great game, especially if you love the Warhammer. Even if you don't give two hoots about warhammer you will still love this game as it is essential that your team coops throughout to be able to complete the levels especially on difficulty levels Nightmare and Above. A breath of fresh air as most games seem said to be designed for coop end up lonewolf encouraging. There is also no benefit in knowing the lore in the Warhammer universe as it the gameplay and skill in blocking that determines players skill.The game has its occasional bug and you do on rare occasions (like all games) have the odd idiot, however there is a kick player function (thankfully rarely used).The game is also very reasonably priced at $30 (USD) and much to my surprise these days no day one DLC!Buy it. You will not be dissappointed!"
76561198003368393,Recommended,235540,21153223,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Thomzor,"Like L4D, If L4D had progression, replayability and good gameplay""Come to Ubersreik and see the amazing flying ratmen!"" 10/10"
,Recommended,235540,23296030,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TAZZANIME,"Games pretty good, shame it's getting negative reviews, I don't know about the matchmaking but it's great fun with friends."
76561198044152332,Recommended,235540,23254078,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,a.KMNO4,"A charming (warhammer grimdark) team-based horde-fighting experience that has differentiated gameplay through its 4 classes and risk-based loot system. Mood of the game crafted through fitting environments and lighting and an atmosphere-driving sound design. From the tell-tale sounds of unique skaven presence to the get-hyped percussive insistence of a rat ogre fight, I felt immersed and invested in the state of hte characters. So much so that straying from the main path to obtain a tome or two gave me pause.It might not be good that the mechanics of this game draw heavily from the acclaimed L4D series, but it definitely is not a bad thing. The whole pitchforking re: it's a X clone, shouldn't dissuade you from trying the game out. I believe with sincere development, making a game after a ""formula"" will still yield unique experiences. The combat feels satisfying and the unique skavens, while reminiscent of special infected, feel and adds positively to the gameplay. Thematically it definitely earns a place in my heart!Full disclosure though; While not having owned any warhammer tabletop sets, the fantasy (and its 40k cousin) universe has always enthralled me, so I definitely enjoyed another venture into this setting. I am also curious about 3rd party game engines and the fact that Vermintide was built on Autodesk's Stingray definitely piqued my interest.Probably the biggest downer is the demanding toll it puts on my laptop (middling i7 with a GTX970). Granted it is not a custom-built powerhouse but I think there can be some safeguards in place that prevents the repeated overheating and crash-to-shutdown occurrences. I did come across suggestions to circumvent the abovementioned on reddit but having to trawl the web for compromises should not be the case. Optimization is a ongoing battle waged by the devs and I do wish them luck on that front as it will heavily affect playerbase growth that is critical for a co-operative game such as this."
76561198049980308,Recommended,235540,33597765,Posted: 16 July,all,ToddlerGobbler,"Guys, this is probably the best first person co-op vs bots game that has ever been made. Controls are intuitive and responsive, player community is cooperative and communicative  (except for those dirty elves). Graphics are superlatively well done, story line not too overbearinthg while being rewarding.An exceptionally balanced and FUN game. I've played this thing for four hundred hours and I still find it immensely challenging, absorbing, and satisfying.It is simply not possible to fail to get your money's worth out of this masterpiece. Buy it and buy another three for your friends."
76561197976855149,Recommended,235540,23845327,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Roshambo,Left 4 RNG.  Hope the game's depth continues to improve over time.  Leveling feels slow but added diversity helps it feels like less of a grind.  The game is still very skill and teamwork oriented so the leveling just gives you more of an excuse to come back for more apart from the challenge the game provides.
76561198026854411,Recommended,235540,23849911,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kla'han Serey,"Excellent multiplayer gameplay with a focus on melee combat yet includes a diverse list of ranged weapons. The developers have done nothing short of magnificent when bringing the world of Warhammer Fantasy into first person. The mechanic of teamwork and endless number and variety of Skaven made me, a longtime fan of the Left 4 Dead series relish in having another game that I believe finally takes the mantle of frantic surival with friends to a new and exciting Fantasy setting."
76561198046004023,Not Recommended,235540,18652208,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,>DG<[Death] Loyalty,"Gameplay is fun for a while untill it gets old, same thing over and over no real change to any of the missions only some visual aspects at some areas after a few hours of gameplay though the actual missions are all the exact same.The looting system is a bit worse than Destiny's RNG loot system unless you're lucky enough to get one or two upgrades within hours of grinded farm. You can fuse things toghether to make better items but that as well is competely random since you are more likely to get something for another class instead of the one that you're actually playing.Pretty much, it's something pretty to look at and might be worth buying at 50-70% off unless you enjoy an endless grind where you have to sit for hours to get no where.The difficulty's aren't really that hard either since me and a mate completed the first mission on hard with the starter weapons (since neither of us has gotten anything for a period of 9 hours of constant mission and fuse grind) the real difference between Hard and easy is that they take 2-3 more hits and they need 2-3 hits less so sadly there's no tactics needed for the harder difficulty's as of yet."
,Recommended,235540,23989154,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ekqu,This game needs skill and teamwork and that`s what i like plus the game is unique it looks nice the gameplay feels smooth. Every level feels like a whole new adventure. There aren`t that many levels but evey level has a set of 5 difficulties so that makes up for the lack of levels. There are some bugs but not game breaking. I would totally recommend this game.
76561198003366436,Recommended,235540,23312801,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Enforcer,Its a very nice game to play. Its reminds of L4D but now with rats and somewere in the mid-evil time.You need to work togetter or die alone.
,Recommended,235540,33540156,Posted: 14 July,all,Tsas Bros,very nice game but motion blur i turn off
76561198082845456,Recommended,235540,26672324,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Billy O,Great game.  Really good skill based co-op horde FPS.  Try it if you enjoy games like Killing Floor or Left 4 Dead 2.
76561197993894503,Recommended,235540,19408183,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Messenger of Death,I don't often do reviews on here so I'm going to keep it short and to the point. As other people have said this is basiclly L4D with melee combat instead of guns and rats instead of zombies. This isn't a bad thing because the first L4D was one of my favorite games of all time so if you like L4D you'll probably like this. One thing that's missing is VS mode PVP like L4D had the bots do okay but humans could do better. Over all though I think the fun factor is there and they are going to be doing DLCs so it should be interesting to see what they add.
76561198042632168,Recommended,235540,19092131,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,GROMICE,"There are plenty of lengthy reviews out there so I'm going keep mine short.If smashing rat men with hammers and other mediaeval weapons sounds appealing to you, then you have found the game you've been looking for. It has a good amount of content and replayability for the price and is best enjoyed with a friend or two and in my opinion one the most compelling and rich Co op game in terms of atmosphere and characters. It looks good and proper graphically, has a wide array of weapons available allowing a lot of different playstyles  and though it suffers from its fair share of bugs I believe it's still worth buying and playing in its current state. There is already a free add-on planned to come out within the next month with many more to come. This game really does shine when played with friends though so if you can convince a couple of mates to jump in with you I'm sure youll all have a great time."
76561198018150366,Recommended,235540,23256747,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ranorian,"Overall a very good game, highly recommend purchasing it if you enjoy the Warhammer setting or enjoyed Left 4 Dead but wanted a little more depth. Characters are interesting and engaging, and the voicework is stellar. The item system allows you to customize the heroes to your liking and your playstyle. The Skaven (the enemy) are also very well voiced, and are tons of fun to fight.Except the packmasters. Screw the packmasters."
76561198043810056,Recommended,235540,23267474,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jasper,"I'll try to give an objective review here as well as helpPeople that might have to buy this game:- Warhammer universe fans- multiplayer co-op addicts-  Left4Dead fansPeople who might want to avoid this game:- People that only play with the ai- people that prefer to play offline- you hated left4dead gamesStill deciding? Well, here is a list of pros and cons:Pros:- Intense, fun gameplay- Team game where your actions matter (I have had games where I got everyone killed and games where I saved the team repeatedly)- Excellent character interactions- Unique characters- Hordes of enemies to kill- Game is releasing updates and good DLC at a solid paceCons:- Gameplay can get repetitive- No Offline play (though honestly not that kind of game)- Some wonky hitboxes (you will learn to hate the gas rat)- A bit of a learning curve (combat mechanics take a little practice and learning maps is extremely important)Is this game for everyone? Hell Naw!But in all honesty, it is a quality game that is worth the money and then some for its genre. I will end with a note about the devs.  They bring out new content to please the players and they DO fix bugs, but mainly the ones that are player exploits of the game.  I have a suspicion that the odd hit boxes and other small moments in the game that make things more difficult are partly intentional.  This is a game that has Cataclysm as a difficulty level after all."
76561198006967152,Recommended,235540,33387312,Posted: 8 July,all,Überguy,A perfect simulator of the German and Swedish 'migrant' crisis.
76561198006605505,Recommended,235540,18651008,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DanteYoda,"ProsWarhammer Universe that feels right.4 Player Co-op fun.Maps seem well setup.Weapons feel accurate and meaty to use.Difficulty while hard is enjoyable for the most part.Loot seems Varied.Enemies all feel accurate to the lore and are all deadly in the own ways.Each may plays different thanks to Random events popping up in gameplay.ConsRandomly joining others games mid conflict..Co-op madness you get in the these games. (not a game issue, community)Some Toxic community (not really the games fault but it does cater to it).Loot at end missions is incredibly RNG driven and lackluster at this time..Leveling Feels a little grindy at this time.Limited enemy Variations might get boring over time.All that said for me personally its one of the best Warhammer games i've played since Dark Omen days, the game feels right and plays right for the setting, the game runs very well on my Core i5 2500 / Gtx770/16gb ddr3 setup with no issues that i've seen (Beta).The Game does cater to the power players a little but for every poor player i've met, i've met good ones as well.For the price this game is selling at and the amount of fun customers can have, i must say buying it is a must have if you enjoy Warhammer lore and coop gaming this is a great game."
76561198021421701,Recommended,235540,21138765,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,dattebayo,"Very good challenging game, based on teamwork and some skill. For all coop lovers must play""-""1. Loot system is a joke, but much better after 2 major item updates2. Almost no difference between classes, exscept wizard3. Community, better than pd2, but still be ready for being kicked just only cuz your level not 480979^3432443 like host has"
,Recommended,235540,26525525,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bambi,"Great fun game that always has me coming back for more. One of the best games I've found in a long time. Gameplay is fast pace and great fun with the added expeirance of playful banter between the characters. Characters a very divers and different but all well balanced and fun to play as using several different types a fighting styles. The characters themselfs play differently depending on what weaponry you use with them, the weaponry be in vast and diverse. The only part I have come to dislike about the game is the loot system whitch makes you grind alot to get the things you want. Bit altogether a great game that I will defiantly be playing alot more of in the future and hope to see progress even further."
76561198064569152,Recommended,235540,33471653,Posted: 11 July,all,SlamTown,If you like Warhammer this is for sure a really good game. It portrays the lore quite well and takes really shows the end times in all of its glory. It portrays the scaven with a modern look that really looks good for the setting and each can hold their own while still feeling like they fit a role which is something unique from its for sure older counterpart and inspiration Left for Dead. But finding a game can take forever and really should be only played with friends. A trait that is shared between left for dead and this game. also the loot system is really rewarding but the over all kinda effects the game in a negetive way as the harder the game gets your loot also have to be better which can really be left up to chance. Over all i give this game a good 8/10
,Recommended,235540,18646023,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,『Dojyaaan』,"Challenging team based game. If you liked Left 4 Dead, and you like magic, dwarves, elves, and hacking stuff with swords, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,235540,23263927,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Marcus Antonius,"For TL:DR, scroll to bottom for summary score.Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a coop-oriented first person shooter where you take on the role of a freelancer who ventures throughout the war-torn cities of the empire, killing endless lines of Skaven in the glorious name of Sigmar. In this game, you have the honor of serving the Emperor and Empire; with sword, gunpowder, bolts, magic and finesse. This game is action-paced, and as many have mentioned this before: It plays very similar to Left 4 Dead, except the Zombie cliche was knocked out and you actually have more variety and things to do.The cast: An edgelord witchhunter who sneers like a jolly ol Englishman, an alcoholic elf-bashing dwarf stereotype with an axe, an mysterious and agile dwarf-bashing elf, an old lady that lights people on fire; and finally, a poster child empire soldier who lives up to the Landschneckt namebrand.The Antagonists: A wide variety of filthy and disgusting Skaven rat-like humanoid creatures, varying in size and capability. You have Skaven specialists which resemble the behavior of certain L4D specialty zombies; with some differences to separate them. For example, a Hunter equivalent from L4D in Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide would be the Gutter Runner; which is slightly easier to hit but can also disappear and you may not notice before it comes back to strike. Specialty Skaven like the Gunner has no distinguishible L4D counterparts; thus is unique in its own way. You have the Rat Ogre which replaces the Tank; but also you can parry its melee and dodge its attacks better. There is sometimes an armored Skaven which requires an armor-penetrating attack or weapon, as will be discussed further.The Gameplay: The gameplay follows a similar route to Left 4 Dead; except it has more of an emphasis on Melee weapons. You have access to a multitude of potions which buff your character in some way, and is distinguishable from Left 4 Dead since some buffs give you more strength for example. You start at the beginning of a level and have to slowly make your way to the endpoint, and in between that is a struggle with skaven hordes, specialists, side-objectives and so on. The levels in Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide are usually long, and like Left 4 Dead: You can hit specialty monsters randomly with different spawn counts. Unlike Left 4 Dead, Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide offers some extra goodies to contend with, such as having a ""lobby"" level where you are in a tavern with a chest to check your equipment (you have persistent weapon drops and gear), an altar to make trinkets as well as a forge to combine items (Of same rarity) and upgrade some.This game rewards you with experience points and level ups, which allow you to have better access to more Trinket slots, weapon drops as well as new levels (assuming you beat the beginning ones). In each mission, there is a chance to loot a dice which you can then roll at the end of the game which may give you the chance to strike a better weapon drop. Unlike CS:GO, these weapons are NOT skins and are instead fully functional with different stats and function; thus you aren't riddled with such annoyances of pointless textures slapped on weapons you use. In the lobby area, you can form a group and use the interactive map to decide which mission and difficulty you want to do, and you can change your hero from one of the 5 heroes.While the game behaves similar to Left 4 Dead, it offers enough unique experiences and extra features that I don't consider it a retextured Left 4 Dead mod. The level design in this game is great, there is more of an emphasis on vertical heights and bridge crossings; making the navigation experience a fresh change. The specialty Skaven as I mention: have similarities to the Left 4 Dead specialty Zombies, except some small details in their behavior and functionality. The game puts a emphasis on teamwork. If none of this matters and you are a Warhammer Fantasy fan, then by all means; you will not be let down by this culturally rich Warhammer Fantasy game. But let me hope that you do at least care about the background features and overall framework of the game first. One other thing: Every character has a variety of weapons to choose from, some are faster than others but don't penetrate armor, and vice versa. This allows for planning out your character's loadout to balance situations you run into, such as armored Skaven or hordes which need crowd control.Overall, I am happy with the game and recommend it to anyone who likes these kind of games, it is a refreshing change from the Zombie cliche and definitely pushes in some fresh features that are not seen in L4D titles. I know I have compared this game to Left 4 Dead a lot; but there are a lot of similarities, so I felt it would be necessary to compare.Pros:+Coop-Oriented FPS game.+Intuitive and fun level design.+Breaks away from the zombie cliche.+Inventory system and persistent unlocks.+Good melee system, good dodging features.+Characters have distinct capabilities for their roles.+Takes place in the Warhammer Fantasy universe.+Beautiful visuals and physics.Mixed:=Only Skaven to fight, but the game is sort of centered around that.=Antialiasing in this game isn't that good, but you can work around with external video settings override.Cons:-Some bugs are found, such as a Skaven getting stuck in a wall.-The game crashed on me once.-Some of the levels are too dark and thus difficult to see."
,Recommended,235540,29548975,Posted: 28 January,all,(|ShasO|) Duke Eligos,"Very good game that is fully worth getting.Satisfying mele system, chalenging experience and good cooperation makes this game unskipable.Even though the RNG can be frustrating, it only makes you ever so happy when you get want you want and it extend the games life by alot. The maps are randomised each runs so I litterally played pretty much every maps more than 100 times without getting bore. You cant simply learn when and where the skaven will spawn and play the game like a robot. You always have to pay attention and check your back. The only thing that will change from your first time playing one map is that you wont get lost :PThe ingame normal and voice chat is great to help you communicate and build up relationships with this mostly friendly community. The Quest and Contract update is also nice to keep people playing daily and it helps balancing the randomness of the loot system.For those that think that you'll get bore quickly of this game, consider that I played it for more than 1 000 hours and that I'm still learning new ways to enjoy the game (new weapon combo, new tactics and such). I would recommend trying the Star of the Sisterhood trinket with buddies when you get it, it really changes the experience.The game run really well considering that my pc is awful... hell it's bad to the point that I wasn't sure if I could run this game, yet it works fine and the graphics are amazing without killing my crappy graphic card.The Dev are also really nice when it comes to dlc policies (you basically have access to every content without buying the dlcs)."
76561198013513985,Recommended,235540,23277423,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tinker_Toy_Boy,great game just no one to play with... even on this free weekend I can't survive with the ai bots on anything above easy and it's lonely out there.fun game needs larger player base.
76561197974908025,Recommended,235540,28396619,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A Few Manuvers,"This game has always been a great concept, but has gone through some rough patches.  The fact that the Dev's stuck with it and have continued to release expansions as well as correct the bugs is a breath of fresh air compared to what we are used to seeing with games.  While deaths to FPS drops are still frequent and frustrating, the level design is always excellent and the addition of the questing system is a great add.  I am happy to keep buying expansions as they come out."
,Recommended,235540,23872019,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ShamSham,"Pros:-It's L4D but more visceral-The best first person melee combat I've experienced-Loot system-Constant patches and updates-Varied map design given the setting-Dynamic difficulty adjustment via picking up grims and tomes in levels-The 5 classes are fantastically designed, voice acting is spot on-Map types cater to different length of play sessions-Last stand mode is simple yet hugely satisfying-Graphics, map design and sound design are all great, despite some glitches and untidiness.Cons:-Optimisation is far from complete but we have been told the console release will bring many improvements-Bugs which have been in the game since day 1, mostly involving enemy spawns and appearing from nowhere.-No dedicated servers or host migration, if the host leaves or disconnects for any reason, say goodbye to your progress.-Some graphical glitches and untidy level design-No tutorial, just arbitrary in game hintsTips before playing:-This isn't a reinvention of the wheel, it's a wheel bolstered with armour. And spikes.-It's a lot more CPU intensive than you might think, you may notice some graphics options make 0 difference to frame rate, so crank those settings up, she's a good looker.-Go through all of the settings menus first, lot of useful options in there.-Defaul FOV is 65 or something ridiculous, change it.-The loot system may seem to be infuriating to begin with, once you learn how the shrine and forge can work together, the loot system is more than generous.-Play with friends.-Use VOIP.-Try every character, don't pick one and stick to it, at least get comfortable with 2 or 3 which you like playing."
76561198004977493,Recommended,235540,35354460,Posted: 30 September,all,C3N50R3D,"Fun game!  Allows hosting a co-op game easily. Supports triple wide screen and includes an FOV slider.  Loot system is pretty well done and can be influenced by completing optional objectives such as tome/grimoire gathering.  The bounty board offers additional loot by completing daily missions.  In fact, this is my second favorite loot system, the Borderlands series being my first favorite.  The shrine in the Red Moon Inn allows you to unlock weapon traits and change them.  It would be nice if it would let you change individual traits at a higher price instead of requiring rerolling all three of them.Unfortunately the vanilla Bots are stupid as♥♥♥♥♥so I highly recommend IamLupo's Quality of Life Modhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Vermintide/comments/70sr86/1911onslaught_quality_of_life_modpack_v12This mod will allow you to play with Bots up through almost all of the Nightmare levels as long as they are equipped with all gold gear.  I haven't successfully done Cataclysm yet with Bots because they don't do enough dps quick enough and sometimes will just stand there during an incoming horde until a mob directly attacks them.  This mod also allows you to hide HUD for screenshots.There needs to be a separate FOV slider for the on screen weapon models because imo they are too big.  There are also some graphical lighting anomalies on Supply and Demand and the Courier maps.  It would also be nice to have the special bounties at the top of the board include Nightmare more often instead of just Cataclysm."
76561198008464695,Recommended,235540,23807722,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RogueBanshee,"I am normally far to lazy to write reviews, but I feel the current review stats for this game sell it short.I love Co-op games, and good ones do not come along every day.  I find the Co-op play of Vermintide to be as fun and compelling as many of the other Co-ops that I have played.  As I look over the negative reviews of this product, it seems one of the biggest gripes that people have is the loot system.  The loot system will randomly add 1 item to your available gear at the end of any successful mission.  The fact that this is random seems to upset people, but I cannot say it ever really bothered me.  The performance differences in the gear between White, Green, Blue, and Orange levels is not that noticeable until you get to the higher difficulty levels.  By the time I was playing Nightmare I had mostly blue items to use which seemed to do the job, and still made it exciting to be able to upgrade to Orange.  Some say it is to much like Left 4 Dead.  I say so what, Left 4 Dead is an amazing Co-op game as well and I still play it sometimes.  In addition Left 4 Dead was a shooter, with a secondary Melee component.  Vermintide Is a Hack n Slash, Block and Dodge primary with shooting as a secondary.  Vermintide also has a lot more maps and missions that Left 4 Dead has.To Sum up:  Vermintide is a great Co-op made all the better if you enjoy the fantasy setting.  It provides a challenging Co-op experience that will punish you for not working as a team (as it should).  There is a wide range of difficulty settings that make this game accesable to casual players as well as the hard core.  The game is reasonalby priced and seems to go on sale frequently.If you enjoy Co-op games and like first person hack and slash I see no reason why you would not enjoy this one.  (unless of course random loot systems♥♥♥♥♥♥you off)Any questions feel free to askThank you for your consideration"
76561198063001522,Recommended,235540,26427660,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Drek,good but no one plays
76561198043049840,Recommended,235540,33444859,Posted: 10 July,all,sleusby,Great game but make  sure you have friends to play it with.Waiting for new enemy types to release.
76561198146217560,Recommended,235540,23266531,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,clethby,"playing on a gtx 970 with no problems unlike some, not sure why. game is great fun.+atmosphere/level design is amazing+characters are interesting and different+mission structure+enemies (its good fun butchering giant rats)+co op+graphics+loot"
,Recommended,235540,28851163,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cobalt Thunder,"Similar to Left 4 Dead, except it's actually fun enough to hold my attention for hours at a time. The gameplay largely focuses on melee, and each kill is satisfying. Although it does have ranged weapons and fire magic, don't expect too much shooty shooty bang bang.The loot system requires that you have patience, but they have added a bounty board to assist with finding the weapons/trinkets you want as well ...which also requires you having patience.There are some bugs, but the developers are pretty good about patching those over time."
,Recommended,235540,26946194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yolakko,Great game for all your rat slaying needs.
,Recommended,235540,22347657,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fenix001,"Excellent game.  Simple enough, yet with depths of strategy and increasing difficulty as you advance.  Loot system can be rough, especially for newbies, but the game will suck you in.  Every mission feels different and every class plays different with many different ways to gear them.  I hope this game gets the credit, and players it deserves."
,Recommended,235540,18520095,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Skoll,"Based purely on late beta play this game is already great. Holds its own against the likes of L4D, Payday, and Killing Floor.Strongly recommended, good job Fatshark!"
,Recommended,235540,19935205,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Grimhawl,"It's common for killing people/zombies/ some aliens BUT you will face some ""RATS"" in this game.extraordinary rats with armor, weapon even gun and they won't stop come to you.GAMEPLAYthere're 5 character with different weapon (include staff for fire ball) and trait. I often mistook the dwarf character for a rat, so be careful. Love the setting and those classic weapons. you have to clear some stages to open some other, Also there're interesting drops which contains weapon or trait for equipment.(you may face some fps drop in combat, i can't have a solid 60fps even in medium set with GTX 970).Recommend for who seek FPS co-op game with some hack & slash"
,Recommended,235540,19833596,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Muta,Rats in a blender full of swords and axes.Would murder rats again. A+++
76561197962313125,Recommended,235540,25824011,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Covetous Polecat,This is left 4 dead but in a Warhammer fantasy setting. For $30 bucks it's a blast and especially if you have friends/family to play with.  The level designs are great and entertaining even after multiple runs.  Wading through masses of dead rats is a real pleasure.
76561198022135578,Recommended,235540,22194752,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ULLMOD,"An excellent coop game with similar mechanics as L4D.You play in groups of four against hordes of rats, which try to overrun the city Ubersreik. Its main focus lays on melee combat (which is by far the best implementation I've ever seen). You carry a ranged weapon as well, which are often needed to take out the nasty special enemies which spawn randomly. You can choose from 5 heros which all have individual weapons; they play very differently. When you succeed a map, you will be rewarded with loot.Gameplay:Slaying rats is utterly fun. The combat is quite complex and that pays off. You can do different combos, block, push, landing charged attacks, and every single swing has an individual feel. For example a sideways slash of a sword will result in a horizontal gaping wound on the rats chest; a 2 handed hammer swing will knock back the rats in beautiful arcs; hitting a heavy armored stormvermin and your weapon will get stuck in its swing.The weapons play quite differently, but are not always well balanced. But still there are multiple viable load outs for each character which offers some varity.Team play is paramount, as in many coop games. This one punishes you hard when you think you can rush alone or not taking care of your fellow heros.When playing solo, bots will jump in. They are good enough for lower difficulties, but generally are bad. Can lead to frustration at times. Anyhow, the game is meant to be played with others.Loot:Yes there is loot. But sometimes it takes time to get what you want. Overall, the game depends more on your skill rather than on loot. There is hardly any situation where you can't progress because you miss certain items.Through a few DLC's, the devs added the ability to forge weapons, or improve them (re-roll traits for example).That being said, loot is a mixed bag. It's fun that you can grind and always try to improve your setup, but some people get frustrated with it. I don't, but still feel, more different individual items could add more value.Performance:Overall I find it runs very well on my machine (i5, HD 7950, 2560*1080, almost full details). The graphics are very nice, sound keeps that quality as well. I only think, the network code needs some work: Lag can be a pain (due to its sophisticated combat system), and crashes are not as rare as they should be. Especially since there is no dedicated servers or host migration, this sometimes lead to frustrating experiences.Verdict:Even with the few bugs and issues still existing, it's an marvellous game. The difficulties scale quite well, and the loot aspect keeps the long term motiviation high for me. I wish there was more content, but the devs are very commited to this game. Patches are released at a reasonal pace, and 2 of 3 DLC's were even free of charge.I would rate it at 9/10."
76561198012883626,Recommended,235540,23997283,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Happybob,not the best game but not the worst. Got it as a great co-op game to kill time on rainy days with friends.
,Recommended,235540,19113594,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dwarfurious,PC's first First Person Dwaaaaaaaarf!!!
76561197967098213,Recommended,235540,24002765,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wynter,"If you like Left 4 Dead, this is for you.  It is EXACTLY Left 4 Dead only with a more balanced melee to ranged focus and xp/gear.  It's fun, it's atmospheric, but most of all, it's Left 4 Dead.  I am happy with that much."
,Recommended,235540,29033546,Posted: 5 January,all,Rasoe,"i really dont want to start a full blown rant review on thsi game so heres the short version :L4D2 + the difficulty of Darksouls + the Terrible RNG loot system of year one Destiny.the only good DLC is The Drachenfels one , everything else is mediocre at best (only get them if you have cash to spare)this game (in my oppinion) runs out of content in the 30hr gameplay mark, more or less worth its price tag and quite the steal if you bought this on sale.doesnt have dedicated servers, so i hope you have a decent internet otherwise no ones gonna join your game.playing with your friends is HIGHLY reccomended because trust me this game gets boring really fastthis game is pretfect for those who just wants to dip in and out , meaning that you dont have to be overly invested in the game to have fun but ofcourse this also means that the game doesnt have too much depth to give for those who wants to invest more hours into the game , not enough maps ,characters , characters customization, weapons and well... things to do though yes, the gameDevs tried to combat this with the Quests and Contracts Update but its still not enoughbecause these 'quest' and  only give you things to do along the line of  'kill this ogre on this map on x difficulty' 'get tomes on this map on x difficulty ' ,'get grimoires on this map on x difficulty ' oh whats that you dont have this map?, well too bad get the DLC you disguisting plebian.Overall a pretty fun and solid game 7/10 would kill all my teamates with incindiary granades on Cataclysm again."
,Recommended,235540,18618674,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hevarius,"Right out the gate its safe to say this game borrows many elements from different games. Chivalry esque combat, L4D style groupings and special enemies, D&D esque loot rolling and RPG item tiers. It takes all of these elements and blends them in a unique and enjoyable package. It is highly recommended to play with other people online because the bots are not the best, as expected in a coop game. The levels are unique and satisfying, especially when you collect the special items to increase loot like the Tomes or Skaven Grimoires. The feeling of excitement when you open a chest and find an extra loot die is awesome."
,Recommended,235540,32845536,Posted: 27 June,all,Mazdaspeeding,Reminds me of L4D.  4 player co-op fighting hordes of vermin with great combat mechanics and class roles.  Excellent LAN party game.
76561198115681326,Recommended,235540,23533193,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Sneaky Turtle,Great game. Requires a bit of a learning curve to get use to the different weapons and certain pathways for different mapsbut it is an amazin overall game.
,Recommended,235540,18528019,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,THEY'RE ALL PINK ON THE INSIDE,"'We must be ever-vigilant, for if we become unwary and weak the enemies of mankind will devour us utterly. Place your faith in Sigmar to protect you, place your trust in your Emperor to lead you, and put your strength in your sword to deliver you from those who would destroy your Empire.'Well, they should have listened to that♥♥♥♥♥♥because there are ♥♥♥♥ING SKAVEN EVERYWHERE BRUH.Game is gud but I keep getting drops for dwarf that I do not use, would neg for that and have a cry but I don't have a 2 inch♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 gr8 game m8.Wow, what a great review!"
,Recommended,235540,18647371,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DokoMaster,"Very fun Co-Op experience with friends, loot system will keep you coming back to try harder difficulties. I will not recomend this if you plan play with bots. Experience reminds me of when L4D was released. Screaming and raging with satisfying ""♥♥♥♥ing made it""Normal is for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ start at hard and work your way up."
,Recommended,235540,18647151,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Starwind,"Vermintide is pretty blatant with how much it was ""inspired by"" Left 4 Dead, but that definitely isn't a negative.The game takes the very core game from Left 4 Dead, refocuses the combat to be mainly melee-based,  then adds in a class system for variety and loot for both variety and incentive for replayability. How extremely well the Warhammer skin is done is just a solid bonus.Pros -The melee combat is fun and feels quite impactful.The game looks amazing, doubly so for a $30 title. It's easily the best looking Warhammer game out there, at any rate.Classes feel different and varied, but not so much so where there's a noticeably power disparity between any of them.Item system lets you have varying ways of playing each class, and definitely adds to the replayability factor.Plenty of maps, with a large variety of areas from city streets to the sewers to the forests outside the city.The Warhammer theme is very well executed - everything looks, sounds, and feels appropriate for a Warhammer Fantasy game.Cons -Minor connection issues. Mainly the matchmaking can be kind of slow at times, but primarily it's the fact that if the host's game crashes it boots everyone back to the start of the mission with a new host.FPS drops: the game runs extremely well on my rig - which is a moderately high end one - but every so often the FPS will just die. Sometime it's only a minor drop from my solid 60 (capped at 60) down to 45-50, but other times it goes into slideshow mode for a second or two before coming out of it and going back to normal.The cons are annoying, but nothing too game breaking. Overall I would definitely recomment the game, especially for people who played and enjoyed L4D."
,Recommended,235540,27914795,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/ishkaTV,Ive never felt more at home than when I was placed into this masterfully crafted world rich of lore. More to come.
,Recommended,235540,23257334,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zerak,"600+ hours in and still enjoying it.Okay, figured I'd write an actual review.This game is fantastic - it does so many things right. Warhammer is a great fantasy setting and Vermintide utilizes and adheres to the lore extremely well. Taking on hordes of Skaven as opposed to hordes of zombies as is the norm for the genre is refreshing. Skaven have a lot more flavor as adversaries than moaning zombies. The inter-character banter is well written, voice acted and funny and even after countless playthroughs I still have yet to get tired of it.I like pretty much all of the full length levels in the game, the shorter side missions aren't terribly exciting but they can be a nice change of pace or something to play quickly if you only have 20 minutes. Good range of difficulties (5) from very-newbie friendly to very punishing, with additional options for dynamically making your games harder by picking up items (tomes/grimoires) hidden in the levels that either reduce your party's health or take up heal-item slots.All five of the hero characters are viable and offer differing playstyles depending on item loadout and with the upcoming weapon re-balancing for the Karak Azgaraz DLC nearly all weapons look like they'll viably fulfill a role in the game (where previously two ""aimbot"" weapons were way too strong / easy to use and dominating).I rarely play the Last Stand game mode (endless hordes mode) because I don't really enjoy the pacing compared to going through a long level. Too much standing and defending the same corner for 20 minutes, but your mileage may vary.A gripe I've heard from a lot of people new to the game was that they liked the game but felt like the loot acquisition was unrewarding and too RNG-based. The latter is still true to a degree but the Quests and Contracts update (think daily missions) have done quite a bit to give players more stuff faster.The playerbase is fairly small, but you only need 4 players to fill a game and people can join games already in progress so I never really have a problem in this regard. This might be different if you're from a remote part of the world."
,Recommended,235540,18691471,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Joponogo,"This game has impressed my friends and I overall, but there are some glitches here and there. I would still recommend this to most people. Warhammer is one of my all time favorite franchisesand it's very depressing that everyone dies in the end.Litterallyeveryone.Pros:Varying gameplay styles.Very good matchmaking system.Pretty graphics.Good voice acting.Great storyline.Vast variety in weapons, hats, and trinkets.Exciting loot rolling system.Five playable characters that are very unique.The Dwarf is comically small and can equip a shield as big as him.Entertaining quotes with differing personalities.Difficulty scaling is very good. No huge jumps like in other games.Cool weapon upgrading.Cons:The AI for friendly characters is currently not so great.There are the bugs that come with new games such as reviving people through walls and rarely getting yourself stuck. There are also a few ways to ""cheese"" the enemy by staying/going to places they can't get to and killing them in complete safety at the loss of self respect.The ""Stranglers"" or ""Packrats"" will grab you from 30 meters away and pull you straight through walls, floors/ceilings, and even stairs."
,Recommended,235540,18620229,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,twofist,lootbloodmedieval-ish♥♥♥♥ing yeswhy are you still readingthe beta map they added because of unexpected downtime blew my mindhas lots of potential you can read it in the link down herehere's a collection of ama answershttps://www.reddit.com/r/Vermintide/comments/3pow4z/collection_of_ama_answers/
,Recommended,235540,33441885,Posted: 10 July,all,Mac,Charlie Kelly Simulator.
,Recommended,235540,18541398,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"I was looking for a game to last until the ""big game everybody is waiting for"" is out.But now i'm sure i'll play this one even after.Great coop game 8/10 with a solid group."
,Recommended,235540,32797063,Posted: 25 June,all,Korrie666,its left 4 dead just giant rat men instead of zombies.....AWESOME!1111
76561197973353172,Recommended,235540,18568897,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Rausku,There is fov slider in the menu. Instant recommend!
76561197970530177,Recommended,235540,18540553,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,☠RawEvil☠,"If you liked L4D and KF then this is another game right up your alley. Only instead of killing zombies and smashing zeds you're kicking the hell outta some Skaven(BF Rats). It isn't reinventing the wheel but it is a nice change of pace. At this point I have 0 complaints. The game looks good and plays well. I like the variety of weapons and the loot system. Long story short, best $25 I've spent in awhile if you don't count Witcher 3 dlc. x2 thumbs up and looking 4ward to its release!!Bonus for all you Witcher fans. You get to play as Geralts grandpappy in this game!! lol"
,Recommended,235540,18522829,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gnarly,"Toxic community even now.Three games in to the open beta and I've yet to read a line of text that doesn't involve ""You suck noob"", ""You didn't play closed beta? ♥♥♥♥♥♥ noob"" etc.Good game - 8/10Community - 0/10Still recommend."
,Recommended,235540,23246168,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Eskinor,It's like Left 4 Dead but fun
76561198003035482,Recommended,235540,18519946,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nüsschen,A Mixture of Left 4 Dead and Payday with a motivating Loot System in a fresh Fantasy Setting.Compared with the low starting price worth it and as a fan of the Warhammer Universe a must buy.I guess there will be comming a bunch of DLC like in Pay Day.
76561197992581095,Recommended,235540,18519664,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ser Columbus,"Only put a few hours in so far but the pacing is pretty fun and challenging. The combat doesn't connect super well, hopefully with more polish it'll feel better. But honestly, if you like left for dead and thought the melee weapons were a great addition you'll love this...helps to be a warhammer fan as well."
,Recommended,235540,31498241,Posted: 1 May,all,Skaven Slayer,"this needs a positive review, I didn't realise I hadn't given this the thumbs up yet.I'm not going into detail but ive about 700hrs here so it's worth a look in my view."
76561197973300271,Not Recommended,235540,23566500,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"I've played a lot of this game and theres some really cool things about this game that for a while make your play really enjoyable.  However there is a reason the community in this game is almost dead and its because the dev's truly do not have any idea nor care to learn what thier gamplay experience is like.  The loot system is absolute garbage made worse because they recently introduced new weapons with the lastest dlc that can only be gotten on the 3 new dlc maps and have the same chance of appearing as all the other weapons which means not much.  I've spent hours grinding out these maps which are amongst the hardest in the game and i have♥♥♥♥♥♥to show for it but a vein about to explode on my forehead.  The dev's dont care about the feedback their community gives, they dont understand how to balance the weapons in their game(the 2 new weapons one which is now the best weapon in the game went to the character who was already probably the best character in the game(elf) and the other new weapon(for the witch hunter) just outright replaces a weapon the character already had because its just a vastly superior version and witch hunter had very few weapons to begin with compared to the elf).The game is just grindy and buggy with some cool ideas its l4d with warhammer end times on top of it and the same lame♥♥♥♥♥finale's that could easily have been something unique and fun but its mostly fight a hoard for a while then leave.  There's a lack of creativity and a lack of understanding their own games weaknesses or how to address them from the dev team that is frustrating as hell I'm going to join the massive number of players who has quit this game."
,Not Recommended,235540,18831017,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Crozbozy,Game crashes every 2nd map and because of that alone is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235540,22111646,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,VikingMan,"Vermintide is a fun game for the first few hours, until the glaringly obvious game-breaking bugs become apparent. If you are interested in playing a game with strategic depth to co-op play that rewards good reflexes and accuracy, then this game isNOTwhat you're looking for. This game isbrokenin its current state. Fatshark, the developer, has made it abundantly clear that they are more concerned with early DLC, cross-platform distribution (of an unfinished game), and randomized gear grinding than creating a balanced and functional game. The bugs are numerous and many of them have persisted since the first release of the game despite several patches. Here is my list of the most game-breaking issues:1) Spawn Logic:There is little sense in how/when/where enemies spawn. Often you will catch waves of basic or special skaven spawning right in front of you. Watching enemies materialize in front of you not only destroys the immersion, but also increases the difficulty of the game in a non-meaningful way. Enemies will spawn directly in front of your path, trapping you in areas where enemies just beyond your line-of-sight can then attack you through walls, which bring us to the next issue...2) Hitboxes:There are several issues with hitboxes:2a) Object irrelevance.Skaven can attack you through nearly any object. It doesn't matter if you're standing behind a bookshelf or a wall, under a platform or set of stairs, or on top of a platform or pillar, because the skaven will hit you through them. They can hit you through almost anything as long as you're within melee range, and that melee range extends beyond the visible range of the attack animation. Sometimes they'll even hit you while you're blocking (even with full stamina). Additionally, horde events set skaven hitboxes in place even when the spawning skaven have not yet rendered. This means that it can be impossible to rush through narrow areas ahead of horde events because you will be blocked by collision detection with skaven that don't yet exist.2b) Hit registry.Many shots do not register hits, even when using hitscan weapons like the rifles. This can happen at any time. In my experience this happens more often when there are more skaven on the screen. A related issue is that high-penetration weapons (like the Soldier's rifle) will not register any hits whatsoever if the number of potential targets is too high (for example when a wave of skaven is stacked on top of each other). Additionally, your pushes can fail to register, seemingly at random.2c) Hitbox size.Allied hitboxes are much larger than they appear. They seem to extend about 0.5m beyond the character models in all directions. This is very frustrating when trying to use ranged weapons to assist your allies. Shooting over an ally's head requires a steep angle. Additionally, allied hitboxes can clip through each other, so you'll end up shooting your friend who is standing 0.5m behind you because their hitbox is clipping through you without any visual cue to let either of you know.2d) Terrain clipping.Put simply, you will trip and snag yourself on far too many objects. Is that a lone decorative brick on the floor? STUCK. How about a gradual slope upward? BETTER JUMP CONSTANTLY, otherwise you'll get stuck on literally nothing.3) Optimization:The game runs like molasses and crashes often. Even with decent hardware (I have a GTX 650 Ti, for example) and the lowest graphical/physics settings the game can rarely maintain >50fps, even with zero enemies spawned. The game bogs down to <20fps frequently when fighting larger waves, tanks, or during finale events, further crippling anyone's ability to rise to the challenge. This happens to every single person I know who has played the game (about 10 people), even those with hardware vastly superior to mine.*****On top of these absolutely critical gameplay issues, there aremanysmaller bugs that become more and more annoying with time. Sound bugs (music, environmental effects, and horde event effects will sometimes stop playing for the entire level), graphical bugs (invisible and unblockable skaven), and lobby bugs (sometimes if someone leaves your party during a level then you will be unable to complete that level because the game somehow recognizes the former player as still being a player rather than a bot, and since the bot will not enter the wagon at the end of the map it won't allow you to trigger the map finish) are but a few. There are STILL more bugs to write about, but instead I'll finish with one last gripe:Gear is an integral part of this game. The customization is welcome but it is also terribly balanced. Many traits are vastly inferior to the few good traits, and good gear is essential to being able to complete the hardest gamemodes. Since the gear drops and trait rolls are random, you had better be ready to grind your face off trying to get decent enough gear to continue playing the game. I know people who have played HUNDREDS of hours and don't have any orange trinkets.4/10 game. Good music, good voice-acting, good art, and good lore. Everything else is terribly lacking."
76561198050624218,Not Recommended,235540,23999554,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BillyBozarth,"I am sorry but when 50% of games end right before you beat them because of host DC, you do not earn a good rating from me. Fix your net code and this could be a wonderfull game. Hint: if you just transfer game when host DCs to another player you wouldnt have a bad rating."
76561197961974759,Not Recommended,235540,28686630,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[F2PNoobCrew] Foxfire,"OK Game. Fun for the first couple of hours, but super grind-heavy towards the high end with limited replay value. The high difficulties feel more like punishment than fun. A pale, inferior copy of L4D2."
,Recommended,235540,18736918,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"Like everyone else has been saying this is basically a L4D clone set inside the Warhammer universe. But a great art style, superb voice acting and an interesting setting doesn't save up for the largely unfinished gameplay.This really does feel like an early access game at times and there is a whole lot wrong with it. I would think this game needs a few months of work to reach its potential because at the moment, it's a combination of the good and the bad that is a bit of a letdown.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH98C8zNo4g"
76561198009515742,Not Recommended,235540,26395699,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Rorschach,"I preordered the game and got the collectors edition. I did alot of playing when it first came out. this game fell short after about a month the game was outa content with almost no fixes of bugs. It was in desperate need of new content so what do they do, they release it onto consoles. Cool now the plebs are in on the♥♥♥♥♥♥and buggs. The item system is grindy and broken. The difficutly jump from hard to nightmare is impossible. To get a better item it basicaly degeneratet into playing the same 2 or 3 maps over and over. Whitch assisted in ending the games player base even faster. This could have been fixed by adding an additional dice to playing diferent maps or new objectives. nope dont play this game and dont pay money for it ither."
76561197995103767,Recommended,235540,19065720,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,[SyD] Grok,"This game is amazing, I picked it up on sale for $20, and its definitely worth that.  Reminds me very much of L4D in the Warhammer world with persistent loot... I mean... cmon, what more do you really want?  The loot and different character classes allow you to customize how your character plays, and that means its fairly easy to find a niche you fit into.Its worth the full price, but if you can get this on sale, do yourself a favor and grab a couple copies for you and a friend, and start having yourself a blast.  This one really surprised me with just how naturally enjoyable it is, from the first playthrough to the hundredth."
76561198040881451,Recommended,235540,20415077,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Abcland,Similar to Left for Dead 2.
,Recommended,235540,18651550,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Koohandluke,Never knew I could have so much fun killing rats.Decent graphics and voice overs.Great characters weapons and mechanics.Level design and maps are pretty basic.RPG aspects are kind of cool gives you a little room to adjust to your play style. And who don’t like loots?The A I Bots suck as  you would expect them too.And of course its great fun when you get a good group of people or when you’re playing with friends. But frustrating when you get a group of asshats.Not a masterpiece but all in all it’s worth the price and worth the time if you enjoy co-op FPS  hack n slash games You will find many hours of entertainment in the slaughter of vermin.
,Not Recommended,235540,25463440,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Candice,"In my opinion, unless you have an idea of the Warhammer universe, to the casual this is just a melee simulator."
,Recommended,235540,18633341,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,fippe,"Pretty much like the original left4dead, but good.RPG mechanics are kinda ok-ish, melee feels pretty good balance between mindless swinging and chivalry-esque combat; no parrying though. All characters have melee and ranged weapons at all times, so it's not like you'll be shafted for not having the elf or mage around.6/10 with pubs, 8/10 with friends, better than most games you'll get these days."
76561198053877292,Recommended,235540,18655771,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BanditCorp,GOOD F*CKING GAME! BUY THIS SH*T!
,Recommended,235540,18687221,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Rabid Jawa,"A fantastic game that will serve as an inevitable DLC platform for selling characters, game modes, maps, etc.And you know what? That's fine, because the game is great, and more variety is only a good thing. If the planned DLC doesn't introduce power-creep, this will be an enduring gem.Great combat, good level design, secrets, persistent progression, random and MEANINGFUL loot that changes your playstyle, interesting enemies and varied classes... this is Left 4 Dead 3 in the WFB universe."
,Recommended,235540,18752474,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cider Bizet,"Warhammer Vermintide doesn't even attempts to hide its roots. It's very clear that it is Left 4 Dead but in the Warhammer Fantasy setting, with a some spice over it. However, instead of rats, the common enemy, by that I mean every enemy, is a man sized anthropomorphic rats that WILL swarm you in large numbers, along with special infect- I mean rats, whom share many similarities with their L4D counterparts, but with some original ones and different behavior overall.The game also features Classes, in a somewhat ""classical"" RPG manner, as each character is a different Class, and each have their own exclusive weapons, but still with some overlap between them. There are 5 as of the time of this ""review"", and they're all enjoyable to play, however some are trickier than others to get used to.Gameplay is somewhat simple but functional and, in my opinion, fun. It is much more melee focused than L4D is, but you have your light attack and strong attack, with each weapon having their respective attacks being different some way or another. Everyone also gets a secondary ranged weapon, but they have limited resources and ammo is not nearly as plentiful as in L4D. Like I said, every class has their own loadout that you have to choose before the map starts, or at the chest at the spawn point. The weapons can vary from a Two Handed Hammer to a Sword and Dagger, or even from a Crossbow to a Revolver (that is called pistol for some reason).The AI for the Skaven (enemy rats) is impressively competent, which makes the higher difficulties truly a challenge.  The special infected will often work together, and wait more often than not, go for the lone player who wandered off.  Common Skaven are also notorious for swarming you, but with a few actually taking the time to go around you, rendering you surrounded and pounded from every angle. Game is not easy, and requires competent team work even for the normal difficulty. However, the ally BOT AI is stupid. Just absolutely scatterbrained and unreliable. Prefer humans, as dumb as they can be.Another really neat thing is the number and variety of maps. There are more than enough here to render you amused for quite the while. Wizard's Tower is really really cool.However, the game is a mixed bag. And you MUST be aware of that before making the dicision to purchase this game.Let's start with the -oh so important- graphics: They look fine. Models and textures look okay, even in Medium quality. It's no Crysis, but it shouldn't bother anyone. Asthetics are closer to realism than fantastical. But the real problem here is with performance. This game, when no enemies are afoot and just the map and my comrades are about, can run at a smooth 60 fps with everything on max on my GTX 970 and i7. But the moment a few skaven show up, the game takes a hard slowdown to around 15-ish frames. And THIS also happens when everything is on Low, but instead of 15 is around 30. That's just poor optimization and, according to the devs, this problem, that affects most but not all, is related to CPU usage of the game. Still, it is something the potential consumer needs to be aware of.Another problem is with Online connectivity. If the host disconnects for whatever reason, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. The map will reset to the start instead migrating to another host on the fly. That can be very VERY frustrating, specially when playing with ragequitters or just hosts with bad connectivity. So be advised.And now the very controversial Loot system. Look, it's cool that after every mission complete you get to roll 7 dices and, depending on success, you'll get a specific weapon that varies on rarity depending on your roll. And you can also stack dices in your favor with modifiers that are items you find and need to carry throughout the map. That is all fine, but it currently is very much potentially frustrating. You can play your favorite class for hours on, and not get a single drop for said class, because it's random the ones that show up at the reward table at the end of the match. Sure, you can fuse 5 weapons you wish to make a new one, but the result can only be one of the type of weapons you used to fuse in the first place. So you can actually have NOTHING of worth to use for your favorite class after countless hours of play (much like me). It needs some refining and rebalancing.If any of those problems vehemently put you off, I recommend you to wait off a few months and see if any of that is changed. For those who can manage, do play it. But play smart. Please.tl;drGame is good. It's L4D + Fantasy Warhammer (not 40k) with some spice over it and melee focused. But it still is very much flawed with its host connectivity, loot system and poor performance issuesCautious recommendation."
,Recommended,235540,18600234,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,T-R-O-N,Chivalry meets Left4Dead!
76561198025093178,Recommended,235540,21763080,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ihKu47,"Do you like L4D2 sort of horde gameplay? Would you wish it had emphasis on melee instead of ranged weapons? Do you like the idea of killing ratmen? Do you NOT require a vs mode? If so, this is the game for you!For a relatively low price you get an awesome way to kill your time in co-op horde gameplay. Vermintide is hard but rewarding on higher difficulties, forcing you to pay attention to crowd control as you methodologically hack the ratmen to pieces. The different weapons offer significant changes to gameplay, and there's enough of them to offer you something refreshing when you want to mix things up a bit. I'm not sure if the axes are quite on par with the others on higher difficulties, but maybe I've just not learned to cc well by relying on pushes or to take advantage of the other player's cc. Even so, I find the axes to be most satisfying weapons and just go for lower difficulties when I want to use them.Loot grind used to be more grindy than it is, but with the introduction of the Last Stand mode it's easier to upgrade the gear you like to the higher levels. Even so I'd recommend enjoying the gameplay and taking the loot as an additional creaming on the cake, offering nice rewards that open up new options as you play.If you like the genre or are intrigued, I think you will most likely enjoy this game."
76561198006641739,Recommended,235540,29291445,Posted: 15 January,all,Add1cted,Smashing up murderous rats.  Whats not to like?
76561198005510922,Recommended,235540,28929392,Posted: 1 January,all,SweetH20Blue,Like Left for Dead but in Fantasy settings with outstanding lore!
76561198127094266,Recommended,235540,26841828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cooper_McGubbins,Incredibly satisfying melee combat; Visually stunning and varied; Unique loot and characters keeps the game interesting for longer
76561198134306890,Recommended,235540,23280771,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,deus_extrem,This game is exremly fun. Its in the warhammer universe. I have no connection or perfomance issues...Im using Liquidsky Cloud SuperComputer to play this. Flawless. I would defintaly reccomend this and im having fun playing diffrent matches smashing rats to pieces!
,Recommended,235540,18564804,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,GreanTee,L4D meets medieval warfare!!!
76561197994324310,Recommended,235540,28516641,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wolenard,"A perfect game for any Warhammer fan, either for anyone who loves renessance-germanic style fatasy setting. Nice graphics, good atmosphere, love the sound and the way the actors did."
76561198129141342,Recommended,235540,28786056,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,N0T S3NS1BLE,"Now i said i would wait till at least 25 hours to write an honest review and so i will..Pros: Improved version of l4d2Melee fighting mechanics are basically Mount and blade style Block and cut(Although on this there is a push while you are shielding its very good when groups of enemies surround you)Not a laggy game at all , i went onto a japanese server (and im english) and had very good reg.Can be run on lowest graphics on the worst of PCs (i run it on high with 140 fps)A very reliable game which has alot of replayability i see people with 1000 hours+ and as far as i can see theirs no level cap.Its community is around 3-5k every day which is quite small considering other games have like 700k a day but this is a very friendly helpful community which is quite easy to get along with (basically the opposite of CSGO)Overall this game runs smoothly and has very good gameplay but you will have to reset all your abilities as alot of the keybinds are not set by default.Cons: Headshot registration is not the best in this game honestly but 80% of the time it works and that 20% when it doesnt will be a really important moment when u need to headshot them the most.There are many jumps to get to special items such as Grimoires and tombs which require not much skill . although it does take a few tries and is very frustrating when you somehow fall of the map or jump to early. but every bug and glitch in this game is very funny and quite entertaining.Overall i would say for £7.81 (what i bought it for) its a very good deal i would rate this game 9/10"
76561198006721673,Recommended,235540,26472126,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pharox,"If you like Left 4 Dead style co-op, and you like to smash hoards up close and personal rather than shooting from a distance then this game is definitely something you should try!Most of the negative feedback on Vermintide revolves around the randomness of the loot. I feel however that the game is fun enough thanks to the core combat and co-op mechanics, just like left 4 dead is. The loot system just tacks on an extra layer of feeling like you are rewarded for playing each map, especially since the chances of getting better loot increase when you play higher difficulties and/or picking up tomes/grimoires in the maps that essentially make it more risky for you to wipe, but increase the chance of great rewards if you succeed. So instead of playing  a hard difficulty and just feeling 'satisfied', like it would be in Left 4 Dead, here you also get a new weapon that might be fun to use on the next map, or failing that you can salvage it for materials to upgrade your other weapons. Furthermore I feel that even though the characters and weapons that they use may be fairly similar, the playstyles are just varying enough to make it interesting to swap a character or weapon for another map - once again this way of diversifying the characters is still a lot more diverse than just having the same weapons that can be picked up on each map.Anyway concluding, for me Vermintide is a lot of fun because I play it like I did Left 4 Dead - to get a great co-op experience in which you essentially fight against a RNG that sometimes beats you down hard. But as an extra sauce over this experience you are rewarded for playing each map (especially at higher difficulties) by getting new weapons."
76561198061186972,Recommended,235540,32168107,Posted: 3 June,all,foresta27,"Some bounties (which you'll want to do as they reward the player with weapons, crafting resources and equipable trinkets) on the bounty board which you choose and complete during a mission are locked behind a pay wall. If you don't buy the DLC maps then you can't do the bounty - no option to refresh bounties either and roll bounties you can do. Honestly, this practice from game companies needs to be stopped. When you realize the developers purposefully put the bounties requiring DLC content to be able to do them it doesn't excactly inspire ( me at least) to support them more than the intial purchase.  If you buy a game then you shouldn't have to pay extra just to access the features the game has. Sure ,release a sizeable expansion of extra maps,characters,enemies,game modes and substantial content that expand the base game significantly and if your game is good enough it will be supported but please put an end to pay walls offering minimal content for the money being asked .Ok,so I feel pretty strongly about the bounties but on to the game itself and I have to say this is an excellent co op action game.It's very well crafted. The combat is very enjoyable,the maps are beautifully drawn,the characters banter amongst each other is fun with great voice acting and scripting with ALOT of variety in what they say.Overall,it's atmospheric, challenging and fun.The gameplay is essentially pick one of 5 heroes,group up with either computer AI BOTS which are very capable or friends/online players and work your way from point A to point B whilst achieving simple objectives while you are continually attacked and swamped by the vermintide.It looks very nice,the audio is great (some of the guns sound amazing - duruk thrund - just wow) and the controls are good. Keyboard and mouse are the optimal control method IMO for aiming and turining quickly as when you get swarmed being able to mouse turn rather than use a controller is the fastest,most precise way to go. Controller - I also use a ps4 controller via DS4windows - works well though if you prefer.I have read a minority of people don't like the RNG style reward system but honestly I think it's fine. Sure,you could earn every weapon after each map and own everything in a week IF the Dev's coded that way but then,what would be the reason to keep playing the game?I actually like the stat roll and crafting system as it is very straightforward and easy to understand which in itself is a good achievement.So I can easily recommend Vermintide as it is a quality title."
,Recommended,235540,18571395,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,FilthyGaijin - 私を殺して,Got kicked from a game for singing 'You raise me up' in the chat while I was being hung by a PackmasterBest game
,Recommended,235540,20529265,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Tyler,"Loads of fun, even if you are a casual or solo player it still feels quite rewarding."
,Recommended,235540,28544133,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GingercraftTRUE,"If you are torn on getting this game i can tell you one thing; this♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun as hell. At first i was skeptical because i bought it during a sale for $15 and when i downloaded and played it i learned real quick that it was a steal! This game could honestly run much higher in price, the graphics are kick♥♥♥♥♥almost AAA title good. Basically if you are going to get this game get it NOW! You are paying $10 for, honestly, a $60 game. Get this game before the January 2nd or you'll regret it."
,Recommended,235540,33524419,Posted: 13 July,all,Ruthless Murder,"Left for Dead in a fantasy setting. There are RPG elements in the game: leveling, weapon upgrades, amongst other things. I usually rate a game on how much I would pay for it. Even though I purchased it for $10 during a sale, it is easily worth the full price of $30."
,Recommended,235540,27688778,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Guano,Waaaagh!
76561198066580119,Recommended,235540,20522070,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,iSayBooyah26,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is an first person survival horror with... rats?The player can set on missions with other players to play along as five characters, each with their own specialties. This game can be seen as heavily influenced by Valve's Left 4 Dead games, as the players have two weapon slots, one melee, and one ranged, along side one utility item, one, grenade item, and one healing item, totalling out to five carriable items.Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide would be identical to the Left 4 Dead series, but there is loot and progression in this one. At the end of each mission, if successful, the players may roll for loot, using die, and having a chance at white, green, and blue rarity items; with white being the lowest and blue being the highest. Unlike Left 4 Dead, the player also has a level to keep up with, like a normal account level. The higher the level, the more features may be unlocked in the inn.Like Left 4 Dead, this game has special types of rats, as in the Left 4 Dead series. There are a few: the Rat Ogre, portraying the tank in Left 4 Dead, the Pack Master portraying the Smoker, the Assassin Rat, portraying the Hunter, and last but not least, the Ratling Gunner, portraying... well... it's a gunner, so I wouldn't know.There may not be much to this game in the long run, as it does get repetitive, but it does offer a lot of fun times if played with friends.-     7 / 10"
76561198081603258,Recommended,235540,32973817,Posted: 28 June,all,Trump Card,"""This game is great""  -Dale Gribble 2017"
76561198005640708,Recommended,235540,20336405,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kosmos,"A tentative recommendation.The horde mode genre has finally been given a breath of life. A breath that, although familiar, is still a pleasant scent. The gameplay is solid, melee combat feels great, ranged combat is of your standard fare, and the loot system keeps you hungering for more (although it will irritate you).The only reason I tentatively recommend this is because if you play solo, it probably won't hold your attention for nearly as long as if you were playing with a group of 3 other friends. That is....if you have any."
,Recommended,235540,33597077,Posted: 16 July,all,Pl!zga,"HOLY SIGMAR, BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY!"
76561198039779025,Recommended,235540,24123904,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr. Mcaderson,"I was very hesitant to buy this game at first, but now I regret nothing. This is a fantastic game. It's a hell of a fun experience with interesting characters, maps, and of course: weapons. If you're at all a fan of Warhammer, this game honors the lore nicely.I love the 4-man squad mechanic. It's so rare to find a multiplayer game which has such an emphasis on squad play anymore.It's main selling point is the combat. It's in your face and fast paced. Weapons feel like they have weight behind them and enemies react to your strikes beautifully.The difficulty levels seperate the men from the boys. Experience matters and learning the maps truly makes a difference in your team's success. If you've got a few friends who love gaming, definetley give this game a try.Honestly, people who are giving this game a bad rating are expecting it to be some Triple A title. Does it have Skyrim-level of content: no. Is it priced like a Skyrim-level game: no. The game is worth what Fatshark is asking. Enough said."
76561198013114886,Recommended,235540,19540088,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,I am the liquor,"If you liked L4D and L4D2, then you will LOVE this! It has the feel and play like L4D, but set in the Warhammer universe.  Level progression, loot, difficulty levels, beautiful gfx, fun banter, 5 classes, TONS of weapon varities and more! Significant content is planned for launch so come crush the ratmen with us (rumor is chaos and zombies are coming :D) seeya there"
,Recommended,235540,20022412,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BlackWolf,"Plays very much like Left 4 Dead.Has some item progression, and each character has somewhat unique abilities.4 player max, even though there are 5 characters. The bots seem even worse than the left 4 dead bots, playing with fewer than 4 people can be very frustrating.All in all, it is a good game. I would proabably pay $30 if I really wanted to play this. It is a good buy at $25, Definiately pick it up if you see it for less than $20."
76561198010765807,Recommended,235540,19577628,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Hexile,"Adds a much needed level of customization to the co-op versus horde of insanity game. Great for fans of the Warhammer and for those completely new to the setting. The first DLC was also great and, most shockingly of all, free. I like where this game is going and hope it picks up more players."
76561198057851078,Recommended,235540,20265696,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pawl the Owl,"It plays like Left for Dead in a Warhamer Setting, but it has a crafting and leveling system that gives it slightly more depth then just a clone of the game it mimics. Its fun as hell, chalanging, and the graphics are preety good."
76561197972244348,Recommended,235540,20112838,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Templarion,"Briefly:Left 4 Dead in Warhammer Fantasy setting.Things you need to like in order to enjoy Vermintide:First person shooterMultiplayer game only (cooperative)Fast paced gameplayPersonally, I like the setting, enjoyed L4D long time ago and have friends who also play the game. So, for me the game was an obvious pick. I love it. Special mentions to awesome audio and quality character design. There are still bugs (even game breaking ones) but mostly the experience is really good. Nice amount of content, loot system and challenging difficulty settings set the bar for replyability high.Littewishlist, in case some devs browse through these commentsIf host disconnects/crashes, the progress is lost. Would be nice if the host changed dynamically to another player.Some missions could have more pacing between constant action. I enjoy fast paced gameplay but the silent moments make the action feel even more fierce.  Especially the one area missions, like Well Watch and Black Powder would benefit from this.Randomize tome and grimoire locations. Now there is very little reasons to explore once the players know the locations.More features like Stormvermins! Anything that breaks the normal action cycle of the game would be greatly welcome."
,Recommended,235540,20195440,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,THE BURRELLATER,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a co-op horde-mode game, with a focus on melee combat. It has a fantastic setting and interesting loot system. Moderate asking price, and a nice amount of replayability."
76561198214165469,Recommended,235540,20220710,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arbaahl,"I've never been into coop horde games until now. I've played left 4 dead and some others but it was nothing more than playing with friends on split screen. Now I have 140 hours spent in vermintide and I am completely into it. I even gave a break to my main mmo so I can keep making skaven cry. I am in love with warhammer fantasy roleplay setting and I can say without hesitation that in here its done god damn right. Great game to play solo and join random players and even greater if you have steady team. Gear progression and earning it makes it even better and satisfaying. It's not easy when you play trough your first runs and learn maps but after you earn enough experience and knowledge you can jump into nightmare / cataclysm experience which is real essence of vermintide and keeps you busy. Developers also did perfect job with voice acting and gave each character different, far from plane personalities. Even now when I've completed most maps on cataclysm, I still want to play it daily for many hours. Respect to developers and people behind it, keep doing great job and add more dlcs and expansions as soon as possible."
76561197963149576,Recommended,235540,19775499,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,scootly dee doop bop bop,"Honestly, didn't know what to expect from this game.Got in, VERY pleasantly surprised.  The game plays a TON like L4D2.  It actually draws so heavily from it sometimes that it feels like of embarassing.However, if you can get over the above, the game is fantastic.  It focuses much more heavily on melee than it does ranged.  Also, this game is HARD.  The last level on NORMAL is going to kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you don't have a solid team of players.  There IS loot and level ups.  Your xp makes a bit of difference in that you can upgrade your weapons and trickets etc.  Your gear makes the game a BIT easier, and more cater to your play style rather than just directly upgrading your hero.  All in all, great game.  We'll see what's to come :)"
,Recommended,235540,19898972,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RUNEK,Game is great! I play many other games but i come here to just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up like in L4D. Bugs seems MUCH less than in older reviews. Havent crashed once. Totally recommend specially now with christmas special
76561198054959782,Recommended,235540,20146067,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,sango213,"I was skeptical from just seeing gameplay. I was like ""meh, it's just COD: Zombies with melee on PC"". But Laura's favorite game is COD: Zombies, so...I bought 2 for us to play together.Man was I impressed when I actually got my hands on it. The animations are so smooth and impactful. Everything is so responsive. And the extraneous features like really good sound and the different ways your attacks can damage enemies add so much (where as if they hadn't gone so extreme on such features, I wouldn't have cared one way or the other).This really does feel like it's had a lot of love poured in to it."
76561198120307429,Recommended,235540,26462246,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,xX_MLG_360noscope_420_blazeit_Xx,"I see a lot of negativity since the free2play weekend.. honestly I think this isn't deserved as the gameplay is solid and much fun. Sure, the game might get repetitive.. I don't care all that much. 7/10Hoping for more content"
,Recommended,235540,19007013,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kazmohdim [S.B.A.F.],"In a nutshell: Its L4D in the Warhammer universe. Which is like combining two of the most awesome things on the planet together.Game has quite a bit of bugs and some server issues, but if you are willing to look past it or wait patiently while the ever persisitant developers patch the game, it is really fun to play with friends. I havn't had this much fun since 2008."
76561198046650476,Recommended,235540,24303624,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bdeslaurs,"This game is basically L4D in Warhammer.While the game doesn't have its own identity:Weak normal enemy that comes in horde and special that pin you down (left 4 dead)The lobby of dongeon defenderClasse: mage, ranger, warrior, gunslinger amd a dwarf from many other gamebut its seems those ideas make good games."
76561198202787132,Recommended,235540,29475733,Posted: 24 January,all,Cindra,"It's like Left 4 Dead, but in the Warhammer Fantasy universe. 10/10"
76561198009116100,Recommended,235540,31665160,Posted: 10 May,all,Bazinga,"This is WARHAMMER! Feels just like the books. Dark, nasty and almost hopeless. Somehow you still get out alive (mostly), as you are one of Warhammers heroes of the End Times...It feels a lot like Left4Dead, but without that toxic community, as there is no versus here. Teamplay is the major point in the game and even low level players are pulled through hard and nightmare difficulty by more experienced players and shown the location of the tomes and grims, though they can make fast progress.Graphics are great and even without versus the gameplay is very variable and does not get boring. The fact that you can not upgrade your characters skills, but the weapons and gear, making it a never ending story. The quests you get every day makes you play it again and again.If it is on low price, wich happens very often, buy it. I own all DLCs too and every single one of them is worth the money, while some are for free. Even players who do not own them, can play the DLCs with you, if you are hosting the game.A feeling of Gotrek and Felix is allways in the air. All thumbs up =)"
,Recommended,235540,21704828,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Unbuff,"Great game, great team. They listen to players, patch the game often, put some new content free or really cheap (first paid dlc was 3€).The game is addictive, a bit repetitive but that's what makes it fun : the same maps, different events.Based A LOT on RNG it'll ask you a lot of time to get some items (they've balanced it with the shrine, it's much less random than at start)Go praise Sigmar and kill those filthy rats now."
,Recommended,235540,18681230,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ToppingStork,"Great Game, lots of content and things to do. It draws a lot of inspiration from fellow great games, all while developing its own personality and cornerstones of what a great game should be.The loot progression is fair and rewarding, and does not promote competetiveness. In the many lobbies I have been in, the community has constantly fostered teamwork that is not seen in many other cooperative games, which allows for a more immersive and enjoyable experience.The difficulty is challenging but rewarding, and the various settings extend the games lifespan in a meaningful way. Changin things like base damage is all well and fine, but the addition of more storm vermin to a patrol and other such tweaks really change the way the game plays as you progress in the difficulty settings.Before this game, I had never heard of the developers. But from the road mapping of additional content, to the small details in things like paintings that add a nice touch of immersion, to the way they tackle bugs and treat their customer base with care, I would be more than willing to purchase future games with the same roadmapping.Overall, there are many warhammer games out there, but this is definitely a game to pick up for the reasonable $33 (canadian)."
,Recommended,235540,33439325,Posted: 10 July,all,Hader,"Whether you like the Warhammer universe only, or want a game that plays like Left4Dead, or both, or neither, you'll find fun with Vermintide. A near perfect balance of story and lore with simple to grasp gameplay mechanics but easily able to lead to more complex and challenging playstyles and things to do.Gameplay-wise it really blows L4D out of the water, most especially in the melee-mechanics department. While you're not exactly killing zombies, killing ratmen is just as fun and if you're at all familiar with L4D gameplay then you'll easily see the parallels here and pick them up quickly. The melee mechanics are both simple and fun, but most importantly work well and are very fluid, an obvious must for a game set in the Warhammer lore of course but Vermintide does it beautifully. Once you understand how things work it's a neverending process to perfect your overall skills and a consistently fun challenge doing so.If you like getting loot and having a sense of real character progression, you'll find that here too. While the loot system is essentially all up to random chance, once you play enough there are options for having at least some more control over what items you get.I've never played any other games by Fatshark, but what they have done with Vermintide in terms of DLC and Free-LC has been amazing. Many significant updates, especially ones to core gameplay mechanics over time, have been for free when we all know some devs out there would have nickeled and dimed us for the same sort of updates. The only paid DLCs have all been reasonably priced (especially when considering the lower than normal full game price the game already has) as well as worth the money in being completely new maps/missions with a few new items thrown in. On top of that, only one person needs to actually own the DLC maps, and 3 friends can join in and play them fully even without owning them.I've purchased all the DLC at full price and still that pretty much adds up to the average full price for most mainstream games these days. If you manage to get this game and any DLC on sale then it's even better. Hell I have bought this full game on sale for 5 friends now and will probably only stop once I run out of friends to throw it at.In short- just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it m8"
,Recommended,235540,19750543,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ＷＨＡＴ　ＤＯＴＨ　ＬＩＦＥ？,It's like KF2 without the emo speedmetal.
,Recommended,235540,33447112,Posted: 10 July,all,[HF]Calamity,"Great melee combat, and very atmospheric setting. Fun repetitive gameplay that is bound to last many many hours.Downsides are the loot system, and the many map packs that this game will no doubt continue to be produced which will lock out your chances of obtaining weapons specific to these packs as well as blocking you from playing the new ones unless one of your friends have it or lucky to find an open playerslot in the lobby."
76561198010671852,Recommended,235540,26741442,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,White Lion,"This game has so much promise....problem is it came out a year ago. I've played this since launch and devs, I'm speaking to you: your fixes are still way too conservative. I love this title but there are many odd design decisions being had constantly.Your players WANT LOOT, they want new characters, they want more builds, they dont want new levels. This game can come back if the design team only followed the fun more. Running a nightmare run with two grimoirs only to die at the very end and get NO RANALDS BONES (even if it was debuffed) dissuades players from continuing it doesn't challenge them to try again. Everything you need to fix this game is pretty much in the game.If you are looking for a new or refreshed player base, delve into the other races of the warhammer fantasy world. Old school fans love the diversity of the races they played on table top. It's an apocalyptic scenario, get creative and find a way to explain a dark elf or a lizardman in there, hell, you could even make a playable skaven if you got thinking outside the box.I sincerely think this game can come back...STILL, because the core is so good, the art direction is great, and the world is true to lore. As a long time fan, I hope that you use your tools more effectively when thinking about moving forward."
76561198005732124,Recommended,235540,33370817,Posted: 8 July,all,weapon3000,"Promising game with potential; the encounter could be made more challenaging with different game modes such as boss fight, rescue mission, group PVP and even with dota type battle.A good single player compaign can be added and more NPCs should be added as well to make the game more alive."
,Recommended,235540,33534255,Posted: 14 July,all,casus.death,WE RUUULE!!!
,Recommended,235540,33535316,Posted: 14 July,all,The1uan,I recently became a PC gamer. Once I was done building my PC some friends of mine told me to get Vermintide. While Im not very familiar with the Warhammer universe Ive really liked this game. The lore and the story behind it is really good and interesting. The look of the game is really nice; it reminds me of medieval books and movies. This game is a lot of fun and its best enjoyed when played with friends. A total blast as you make your way through this world killing countless amounts of rats.
,Recommended,235540,33569353,Posted: 15 July,all,Nazgul,"Get a tetanus injection then collect your weapons of choice.This is probably the best game of any Warhammer franchise. Apparently its exactly the same type of game as left for dead 2. If you played that then swap the zombies for grubby, pervvy little ratmen who eat turds in the sewers for dinner. This is a hard game so expect to die a lot. However it is immensely fun once you get a good team of randoms or your mates on a roll.The levels design is excellent with some sickeningly well hidden secrets and also a couple of game modes to try. The AI is pretty insane as well and there is a good variety of enemies and differing tactics you must use to take them down. The game is really well set up for co-op action and you won't do it without working as a team.Nice loot to be aquired for all the character classes if you grind a bit - but fun doesn't feel like grind right? Add a passionate and active team of devs who've added new content and fixes since release to keep the game on its toes. Highly reccomended (50 hours in game at time of review)"
,Recommended,235540,33564065,Posted: 15 July,all,Traxxas.,Just like Left 4 Dead but with a whole lot more replayability. The fact that you unlock weapons that have tiers and that you have quests that change daily means that there is always something to be striving for while still being able to do whatever you want when you dont feel like doing the quests.
,Recommended,235540,33613429,Posted: 17 July,all,Goode,"To me this fullfills both my co-op shooter/hacknslash and my loot needs, the slight touch of rpg teases me like no other! I just want more and more and more if it. Its amazing!"
76561198043642780,Recommended,235540,33576161,Posted: 15 July,all,Seeka,This is the game Left 4 Dead SHOULD have been.
76561198095913507,Recommended,235540,33532606,Posted: 14 July,all,Thorne,"I'ts dark, violent, and brutal. In other words, a normal state of being in the warhammer-world. The pace is furious and the combat relentless and fun. There is not much character development here apart from some crafting. Still, if you're appealed by the dark and gloomy world of Warhammer this is where you find it, like a hammer in the head!"
76561198240163088,Recommended,235540,33554684,Posted: 15 July,all,Jackson,Great gameExciting melee combatInteresting looting system which provide motivation for players to play consistentlyFun to play with friends or playing aloneIt just needs more promotions to attract more players!!!
76561198043826786,Recommended,235540,33581306,Posted: 16 July,all,Vanguardian,"The game is amazing. The characters, the gameplay, the graphics, the setting, the ambiance... Everything is truly remarkable except one thing: missions.We need waaaaay more missions than we are given. Excluding Last Stand, there are 13 missions in the standard game and 8 more with DLC, 21 in total. This is a game that deserves at least 20 in the best game and then 10 more with DLC. So please, add more missions to the main game."
76561198078140101,Recommended,235540,23282117,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Grankotte,One of the best coops in existence and one of the most fun games i have ever played.A game in the Warhammer universe where you can realy feel the horror of the skaven hordes on your doorstep.Its a great game if you are a few friends comminted to play togheter and also as it was for me a place to meet new people to play with and have a great time doing so.When i first began playing this game i found it realy buggy and unoptimized but most of that has now been fixed.At the lower difficulties it takes not to much skill to complete the levels but at the higher ones you realy need to learn the game mechanics  and optimize your gameplay and learn to play like a team.One thig that makes the game so good is that you can allways get better at it and learn new ways to play it.At first it might seem like a regular hack n slash game but if you give it enough time it gets more and more fun to play as you get better and better to survive the skaven hordes.
,Recommended,235540,33037590,Posted: 30 June,all,BENJANI78,"Simply put, if your a fan of the Left4dead games and have ever played or shown an interest in the warhammer world this is for you.Its definitely the best game in the current GW stable and is hours of fun with a group of friends. The action is frantic but does allow for skilled play and the ability to levelup and aquire new powerful weapons is a welcome addition to the normal L4D formula.Lots of DLC is available also which expands on an already enjoyable main game.So right now with it going for under a tenner on the sale ( obvs this was written during the summer sale) theres no excuse not to add it to your games library even if you dont intend to play it right away :)"
76561198077241753,Recommended,235540,23288691,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Whacksel,"The F2P weekend had given me the opportunity to take a peek in this game, which I thought might be the heir to Left 4 Dead 2.My first impression was good. And remember before reading this review, that I recommend this game, but there are a few things, that I have to point out:The Warhammer atmosphere is on point. At first, I was a little overhelmed by the selection of five characters, not to speak of the equipment & loot system. I went into the breach with the Imperial the first few missions, but had to figure out a lot by myself. A tutorial would be really nice to understand the game mechanics such as tomes&dogding. Either way, I've learned a lot from my teammates, which is the essential source of knowledge the first few rounds. The battlesystem is really pleasuring for people like me who are into first person hack 'n slaying. But on holdout events, it can be a little confusing when the view is just a mess of splatter and sewered heads.The placing&frequence of the special scaven seemed random for me. After a few runs on ""Bell of Magnus"" I noticed that this can be quite unfair, if the Tank is suddenly accompanied by 3-4 special scaven. The spawning isn't perfect and sometimes a pack of scaven just appeared out of nowhere in front of me.After each round, the absolutely addictive loot system comes in play. It's a really nice thing to finally have a reward for carrying 3 tomes & 2 grimmoires arround the whole time. After the tension of the match here comes once more a rush of excitement to get another high tier item for your favorite hero. But even if luck is not on your side, you can do other fancy stuff with the gained items, like scrapping them or fusing five of them together for a better quality item.It's really recommendable that you get this game with a few friends, the matchmaking wasn't always that reliable.Currently, the developers announced, that they will be optimizing the Coop experience. But I'm really looking forward to a  PvP option, because the potential of a true Left 4 Dead 2 heir is there, and it got a lootsystem :3"
,Recommended,235540,23310576,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Space Cowboy,This basically sums up my weekend playing this game.https://youtu.be/kIWss-_5HGM?t=6s
,Recommended,235540,23287078,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dragopede,"Character classes are varied and the environments are fantastic, scenarios are diverse and challenging (even on Easy my team got wiped out in one). I always wanted to play Mordheim as a kid, but never had the opportunity. This seems to be the basis for Vermintide, and it absolutely hits the mark, matching how I envisioned it would be.The randomized loot system is an interesting inclusion in the post-game score screens, and with the prayer alter and forge, you have more control over what random effects are added to a given weapon. The game still encourages loot grinding, but when the difficulty can scale as highly as this can, it feels necessary for higher level play, especially in the horde survival mode."
76561198000677508,Recommended,235540,23287284,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,CowBoy86,"great gamethe classes and missions are greatfun! fun! fun!the best game co-op game i played everbest to play with friendscons:annoying bug from time to time, but the developersworking on bugs and update regularlymust have stable internet connection at all time even on singleplayer"
76561197997981242,Recommended,235540,23309136,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Baldr,"You ever thought about how the world is going to end? Nuclear war, giant meteor, zombie apocalypse?Well as it turns out, it’s rats! Big, giant, ugly rats… with mini-guns.You and your group of misfits are caught right in the middle of it and the only option is to work together, decapitate rats and do whatever the local pub’s landlord tells you to do.Vermintide is a lot of fun. The combat system is fluid and works well in 1st person. With a hack and slash I personally favour 3rd person mode but is helped by game options that can tweak your field of view. You don’t need to hit the enemy right in the middle of your crosshair, instead it simulates well the force and range of a mighty slash and thrust with your weapon of choice.The combat is fast paced and often manic when pushing back hordes (and I do mean hordes) of stinky sewer rats. Team work is key and each character has their unique playstyle and abilities to help and counter certain enemies or situations.There’s no real backstory for the characters at the start of the game (although a google search will find great backstories) but through hilarious and well written and voice acted interactions during the game, you start to see who these people are and how they ended up in the sewer storm that is the city of Ubersreik.There is a nice crafting and loot system for you to personalise and upgrade your warriors, including new blades and blunderbuss’ or a new hat with an even bigger feather! Trust me, in the game the big feather makes sense.The enemies are also well rounded and varied, from slave rats with daggers, to mini-gun wielding psycho rats and even giant rat ogres! The game system also slightly randomises encounters, so when you replay a level (which you will) don’t expect it to happen the way it did before.The game is tough, it’s the end of the world after all and there are no auto saves or checkpoints during missions, meaning if you fail, it’s right back to the start like the good old gaming days of old! The missions themselves aren’t long but you will probably make several attempts before actually completing one. Checkpoints would be a nice addition as you will fail a few times and going back to the beginning does start to create level fatigue. I tend to dip in and out of Vermintide for small gaming sessions with friends, rather than a whole weekend of rat-slaying chaos!Ultimately, this is a multiplayer game with a 4 human/dwarf/elf/wizard/crazy person team. That’s not to say you can’t play on your own, the AI isn’t bad although obviously it’s not as good (or sometimes as bad) as human players. The ability for players to hot join games is great, optional feature.Although I’ve played solo, the game really shines when I’m playing with friends. Holding your ground, screams of panic, calling for help and cursing as you run crying from a rat ogre!If you want a fun, manic and wonderfully detailed world with great characters to run around in with friends, then Vermintide is for you."
,Recommended,235540,23292342,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,stuntman_five,"It is fun at first but gets a little repetitive. However if you are able to communicate with others via headseat, it should be  more fun in the end. That and if the dice rolls give you something sweet the first time you roll them."
,Recommended,235540,23315636,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Lion Cross,Nice yet short game with good players but also a slightly toxic community around the first missions. Would reconmend with friends.
,Recommended,235540,23284972,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pork Tity,"Fun game, definitely a game for people who are fans of the Left 4 Dead series. I just got a few hours to play the free weekend and I'm definitely going to buy this game as soon as possible! Super fun combat system and a nice player base."
76561198050051861,Recommended,235540,33473724,Posted: 12 July,all,Grog Mundi,"Really, really enjoyed this game. The only reason I havent put more hours into it is a lack of buddies to play with :.("
76561198005112990,Recommended,235540,27864193,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,badbrownbeaver,"I've been playing this game for over a year now and still it fascinates me.- I'm not a multiplayer online gamer, but this game is just great!- the online community is very nice. You'll have a hard time finding someone unfriendly or even worse- the design of the game is wonderful, especially the level designIf you like multiplayer survival like left4dead but with a medieval/fantasy/warhammer twist this is your game!!!!"
,Recommended,235540,29024352,Posted: 4 January,all,Mase,"A very fun game to play with friends.  A simple combat system that is easy to jump in and play, but is challenging to master.  Basically a hack and slash at the lower difficulties, the game shows its true colors once you can get up to Nightmare.  At this point the block/push mechanic becomes nessecary whereas at lower difficulties you can get through an entrie level with just attacking.  A punishing game where each hit hurts and healing is rare, no where near Dark Souls levels, but enough to get most player's attention.The 5 characters are all fleshed out but suffer from being too similar with certain loadouts.  Now this is intentional so that if your main character is already taken you are not thrown for a loop when playing another character.  You have the 3 standard fantasy races represented with an Elf, a Dwarf, and 3 humans to pick from.  One of the humans is a wizard and has the most distinct playstyle of the 5 characters, though the Dwarf gets fire pistols that function on the same heat mechanic.  The other two humans share a couple weapons but most of them are different from each other.Nightmare is where I feel the game is best enjoyed, though some out there claim that Cataclysm is too easy for them.  Cataclysm is hard enough to the point where the game slows down and you spend a lot more time dealing with each vermin.  At Nightmare with a good party you rarely have to slow down and a good player can make up for an inexperienced player.Pros:Fun and simple to jump into.Lots of depth and replayability.Can take control of risk/reward in the game itself by picking up Tomes and Grimoires that make it harder to finish the level but increase your chances of getting good loot substantially.Characters have a lot of lines of dialog and interact with eachother.Set in the Warhammer universe and does a good job of keeping the player rooted in it.  (By that I mean it does not feel like a generic fantasy world.  If you don't know Warhammer Fantasy at all, it will not be a problem.)Cons:Characters can feel the same.Loot is random, can be mitigated by some of the recent systems to reroll traits.I found that this game gave me headaches when I first started, so if you get motion sick easily this might not be the game for you."
76561198076706879,Recommended,235540,29231953,Posted: 13 January,all,Mrazomor,"Didn't expect much from the game in the beginning,but after playing for a whileit suprised me in almost everything.The game doesn't hold you by your hand,the more you play the more you figure out stuff.Music is amazing,game sounds as well,dead enemies do like to jitter when you decapitate them,but honestlyit doesn't bother me 1 bit,it is actually funny to see .If you like killing giant rats,this game is a must for you."
76561197975698109,Recommended,235540,29289659,Posted: 15 January,all,LazerShoes,"Fantastic game.  Very well designed with excellent, immersive graphics and sound.  The voice acting is top notch, and the characters are always bantering back and forth.  You'll want to take some time to explore every nook and cranny of the superbly detailed levels, but you won't have time.  Rats will swarm around you constantly, crawling out from every hole in the ground and crack in the walls and ceilings.  Hordes will stampede you and your friends as you run down dark corridors.The combat is visceral and very satisfying, constant action.  You can decapitate, chop their arms and legs off, cleave them in twain with swords or crush their head like a mellon with brutal hammers.  Incinerate them with fireballs or put and arrow between their eyes.  The game rewards skill and takes a fair bit to succeed at.  Score a headshot and you can one shot some of the tougher rats.Wander off from your friends and you're screwed.  A lone wolf doesn't last long in the savage warrens of Vermintide.  You'll have to learn the crucial skills of teamwork quickly if you want to succeed.Once you get all that down, this is primarily a gear grinding game.  There are no stats on the characters, and while you can level up it doesn't grant you more health or anything other than a free item each time you level up.Not that grinding for gear isn't fun, if you're the type who enjoys that.  Find a weapon that fits your playstyle and you can improve it, building it for the traits you prefer.This is one of the best co-op games I've ever played."
76561197994100208,Recommended,235540,29290020,Posted: 15 January,all,Sifer2,"If your going to clone a game. The right way to do it is to at least distinquish the gameplay an bring something new to the table. And that's what Vermintide does to the Left 4 Dead co-op formula. While co-op zombie killing games are common now. There actually really are not that many games that come close to L4D in quality. And most feel like a rehash of the same tired kill zombies concept. This game put's a medieval fantasy spin on the apocalypse by putting you into the Warhammer fantasy version of it during the End Times. Specifically in a Human city being invaded by the race of Rat Men the Skaven.They are clever stand in's for Zombie's since they use the same kind of swarm tactics but have their specialist units too that can fill the roles most of the L4D mutant zombies did. However for all the similarities to L4D what makes the game worth playing if you already played L4D to death is the differences. Where as L4D focused on gunplay. Vermintide is a Melee focused game. If you played games like Chivalry you will have an idea of how it plays. It's a lot of more satisfying than L4D's pretty basic melee weapons. Which is needs to be since ammo is limited an you rely more on melee in Vermintide.The game also seperates itself a bit from L4D by having a loot system. Because what is any fantasy era game without loot to collect, and equip to upgrade your chances of survival. I especially like how you can increase your chance of getting better loot by picking up items that are useless for any other purpose, and take up your Healing slots or even reduce your health. So your team if they are feeling confident can artifically boost the difficulty for better rewards. The one thing Vermintide lacks though is any kind of Versus mode. It's purely a co-op game. It might be a deal breaker for some so it's worth mentioning. But IMO this is one of the better co-op titles on steam right now, and definitely worth a play if you like the L4D style formula."
76561197970620750,Recommended,235540,29386494,Posted: 20 January,all,Dash McBragg,"Simply put, a great game.  Loads of fun with some hilarious dialogue and banter between the characters that adds levity to all the hacking, slashing, and bashing awesomeness.  Pretty much bug free as of this writing as well.  My only complaint would be that they need to add a new character or two and a little more variety with the missions."
,Recommended,235540,29437750,Posted: 22 January,all,Dale Cooper,Come on raki! I will show you how a dawi reviews. * give 9/10*
,Recommended,235540,29595589,Posted: 30 January,all,Tom Hunter II,Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer universe. What more could you ask for. Fun stuff. Needs a PVP mode.
,Recommended,235540,29716486,Posted: 5 February,all,Walker Trips,"Left 4 Rats is one of the best games I've enjoyed. And I'm not kidding. It's intense, vitriolic and absolutely demands teamwork. The voice acting is brilliantly comedic, the music well scored, the characters nicely filled out...The only things I'd change is more trinkets and more DLC levels. If you haven't yet played this for the love of Sigmar's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, get it and get on it!Even if you despise the End Times lore etc. this game is worth the money and effort."
76561198019366608,Recommended,235540,29892253,Posted: 12 February,all,Gray_Paladin,"Vermintide is a high-quality, well designed, and exceptionally addictive game, with mechanics based heavily on Left 4 Dead 2, but with some catching additions. L4D2 is an addictive game anyway -- I believe I have over 400 hours in it breathlessly experiencing one epic moment after another. But, add to that the ability to level your account, win and use multiple pieces of equipment, and a very simple crafting system by which you can advance your weapons, and you've got a game that pulls you in and keeps you. One of the more recent free DLCs also added a questing / contract mechanic which allows you to work your way to specific equipment items after you complete all the missions in the core game. This quest system keeps you going back to missions you've done before, and the play is rich enough that you can look forward to running it again.The maps are beautiful rendtions of various Warhammer Fantasy regions and structures, and the fantasy element puts the game in a completely different feel despite the similarity of base mechanics to the L4D franchise. The character animations and various Skaven (= rat men) enemy types are all well done and play naturally. As with L4D, the characters have cute bits of dialog by which they interact with each other, but unlike zombies, the rat men also shout at you, and some of their lines are funny.The downside of the game are few. Party wipes will happen, and some of the longer maps take an investment of time to run. So, you can spend two hours on the same map without succeeding if you've hit it three times trying to win, and if you've got the difficulty too high for your party. Levels in this game mean less than in any other RPG I've seen, and mainly indicate how much play you've had to advance the quality of your equipment, from which all your special abilities and play style flow. I've played with people in pick up groups in the 300s, 500s, and 700s of levels, and I've head of some even higher. Playing a tough map on Nightmare mode, even with multiple character members having hundreds of levels, always keeps the possibility of a full wipe. I usually recommend to my friends not playing Nightmare at all if you have two or more players of L35 or below. Yeah, you may get away with it, but odds are good you'll burn much time for overreaching, and the rewards for Defeat in Vermintide are paltry.Warhammer Fantasy is a rich franchise and Vermintide is a blast. If you like coop shooters, you can't go wrong here, and the RPG elements of leveling and equipment just makes the experience richer."
,Recommended,235540,30193710,Posted: 26 February,all,PurpleHaze,"First off, i had read that this was a Clone of ""L4D"". It is and it ain't. Game one your going to be saying, this is totaly the same. But as you play and get to the end of a Easy clear you'll be telling everyone you know a differnt story.The Fighting is ingauging and fun to master. Abeit afew times where it may become frustraiting if you can't get your timing right. Even though the players are static the weapon choices provide a large gambit of choices in ""Role/Playstyle""The Loot system at the end of each mission is extremely fun.. Now when i say fun that has become the overall feeling. There is most times when im rolling where im yelling at my computer...but at the same time. This means im enjoying and caring about whats happing and what im getting. So yes i would say its fun...Overall, there is places where you can say there needs improvment or maybe theres something abit off about it (I.E. Bright Wizard Bot AI) As im playing im always looking at the detail of the maps, and how the game will make you feel as if you need to this before this happens to you. Or the threat level of enemies coming from this direction Vs this direction. So, if you liked L4D, Warhammer, Dnd this is a game you'll enjoy."
76561198052409672,Recommended,235540,28952191,Posted: 2 January,all,B4TTL3K4T,"So tough! I love it!The banter between characters? Awesome!  The voice acting is crazy good. Unfortunately, I find the game too damn short! It took me most of it to figure out HOW to really play it, understand the loot system, etc.  That said, I might get the DLC.  I have an itch that needs to be scratched."
76561197993464349,Recommended,235540,28995058,Posted: 3 January,all,Mortal,"One the best FPS i have played. It's basically a Left 4 Dead, but much better in every way. At the first time Vermintide looks simple to play, but adding more difficulty to the (Nightmare and Cataclysm) game, reveals a deep complexity in the manner you choose your weapons and how you can use them properly.If you want to get good weapons (Orange and Red) you need to play on high difficulties, and that's the way Vermintide forces you to be good (get good boisss!). This not a game for casual players.Cons: Few maps ( 14-16 maps adding DLCs?)Pros: If you like this kind of game, Vermintide has a very high replay value."
76561197998320926,Recommended,235540,23343411,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Skazz,"Was initially sceptical of this game, since it seemed like a L4D clone and probably not as good.Tried it during the free weekend and was pleasantly surprised. So I bought it.Enjoyed it even more than L4D (as long as you find a decent group ofc).Tried the different characters, liked the dwarf best. Had a bit of luck and got a nice axe.Played perhaps a bit too much, started speaking Dwarfish.Lost track of how many rakogri fell to that az.Went to the jewellers and got some decorations for my beard.Now I look a bit like an Ufdi and people think I'm a bit bozdok, but it's all good.8/10 Game needs a bit more content."
,Recommended,235540,20751473,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,maybe 10%,"Warhammer: The End Times: Vermintide (two subtitles?!) is essentially a carbon copy of Bad Rats, differentiating itself through a superb soundtrack, an engaging visual feast, unique first-person-melee experience and a measured induction into the Warhammer universe. Heartily recommended if you've got a friendstack. You can't go wrong with attempting the game's harder difficulties, the challenge and learning curve are delightfully rewarding.Because Warhammer as a fantasy IP is often played by people that don't sit infront of their computer 100% of their spare time, and rather devote themselves to plastic, paper and performance arts, the pubs are often sub-par -- bring friends.Optimism+Superb character design, including branchbras and haironfire.+Simulated bantz (more savage than Left4Dead); you'll never have to think of smacktalk again.+Heretical literature for your fetishistic consumption.Pessimism-Some pathing errors can trivialize and ruin experiences.-Good luck getting the drops you want. Seriously.-The pub is going to pick up the grim, and they're going to complain when they run head-first into a Stormvermin patrol.-Certain weapons completely trivialize enemies.9/10"
,Recommended,235540,19375162,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Evord,"This game is awesome. Its immersive as hell and frequently terrifying. Combat mechanics are simple, but require practice to master. The crush of melee is intense and frantic as all get out. The level design is something else too. There's some set pieces in here that are just jaw-dropping. This game was worth it just for the first play-through experience for me.The downsides are its repetitive nature. Your characters only progress via loot. Loot is hard to come by without taking on a lot of risk and a lot of grind. Once you've played all the levels, you've seen it all and there's nothing to do but memorize all the loot locations and grind in the most efficient form possible while trying to beat all the harder difficulties.In the end, this is not a game with a lot of replayability, but it is a very memorable game. It was worth the $30 I paid I feel just for the first 10-20 hours I played of it. YMMV"
76561198062767572,Recommended,235540,33291328,Posted: 5 July,all,BieberHole69,"I was surpised at how fun this game is. I have only played into it about 2 hours, but it's already well worth the price. Playing with friends just adds to the experience."
,Recommended,235540,23281927,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Komujeese,"Vermintide is a great game even with random people you don't know, and much better with friends. The servers (in EU) have always had enough people playing, when I've checked so the online community is going strong. Most people also have acted like decent people.There are some bugs, like enemies sometimes hitting through walls, and today an elf got stuck inside the ground. But for the most part Vermintide works just fine.So I recommend you buy it now in case you're interested. It's one of the good Warhammer Fantasy computer games out there. The level design is pretty nice too.Hopefully they make new classes and new enemies eventually, but so far the old ones have been good enoug,"
,Recommended,235540,31765574,Posted: 15 May,all,ＳＣＯＴＴＺＯＲＺ 「BITE ZA DUSTO」,"Worth it when on sale, but not otherwise, 7.5/10ishImagine the best parts of Payday 2 and Left 4 Dead mixed in with the combat style of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Now imagine it with the absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing worst parts of Payday 2's and Borderlands' loot system.The game is overall very fun, but the ""real game"" doesn't start until Nightmare difficulty, which is essentially Overkill in Payday 2. But actually, the real game doesn't start until Cataclysm difficulty, which is essentially Death Wish difficulty in Payday 2. Cataclysm is an unforgiving difficulty, punishing even slight mistakes. The way one works through missions on Cataclysm is very slow and precise, working your way through small groups of enemies and holing up for hordes. Only the most skilled, most coordinated, and most well-geared of teams will find themselves successful consistently on Cataclysm. It's much like the original Payday: The Heist's Overkill 145+, with very low success rate. Only the best of teams will be able to adapt and overcome RNG like an Ogre (L4D tank) spawning when you're in enclosed areas at the same times as a horde. My experience with Cataclysm has been truly boring and frustrating, although experienced redditors have told me it's the best way to play. Bear in mind, these are the people that have been playing the same game since launch, so take their advice with a grain of salt.However, you will be rewarded for your valiant efforts with almost identical experience and loot drops as Nightmare, which will actually be less because you likely cannot get as many bonus objectives on Cataclysm unless you are very good. Also, it will take much longer, as you are playing more cautiously. It improves over Payday in that regard, at least. You get better end-of-the-round loot in your dice roll (as opposed to picking one of three cards in Payday 2), but it's still up to chance whether or not you get a useless weapon as your loot drop. Random chance is really boring, but it's useful for artificially inflating the longevity of a game for completionists.It seems very reminiscent to Payday 2's style of levels. Doing missions on Cataclysm is basically so you get to wave your♥♥♥♥♥♥around. Most casual players will never play Cataclysm. Normal players will probably play Cataclysm to get the achievements, then return to screwing around on Nightmare until they finally grow weary of the game. Veteran players will run Cataclysm repeatedly, growing tired and asking for a bigger challenge, which they find through mods or self-imposed restrictions (like solo, no bots or no trinkets).Basically, if you like Left 4 Dead 2 and aren't bothered by the loot system RNG stuff that comes in from Borderlands and Payday, you'll probably like the game. Buy it on sale, play through all the missions with your friends and leave it be after probably 50-70ish hours, if I were to guess. If you really like Borderlands and Payday, where you fight against hordes of damage sponges to get a chance to get gear that's 0.5% better than your current gear, you'll probably like this game and be one of the level 200 people."
,Recommended,235540,35287438,Posted: 29 September,all,Unclekulikov,"This game is very similar to the Left 4 Dead series, but I would say it's in the same genre rather than a clone. Vermintide does a ton differently and in an effective manner, mostly the focus on melee combat and items as progression.I really like the melee combat in this game. Each melee weapon has a set of attacks with an arc and damage type. Sweeping strikes are good for clearing mobs of rats but tend not to do much damage. Precision strikes are murderous if you hit the head and can pierce the armor of Stormvermin, a specialist enemy.Since each weapon has a different move set, there is a lot of variety even within an individual character class.The bad:The game has an unpredictable difficulty curve. Green Items help to beat Normal missions, while Blue are generally required to beat Hard missions. Grinding the gear is also heavily randomized so that throws a wrench in the flow of the game.The game REQUIRES teamwork, full stop. I only recommend this game if you have a group of friends that are into it and will play it with you - there is no single player content, and the AI bots will let you down if you play solo.Sometimes the rats make no noise and surprise you. It can get frustrating.Ragdoll physics bug out regularly with rubber necks and limbs bouncing around. I find it funny, but it is not a 'feature'.Bottom line;If you want brutally satisfying multiplayer adventures, grab this on sale."
76561198116232842,Recommended,235540,26438987,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Machine Gun Eddie,left for dead but with rat ppl...what more do you want
,Recommended,235540,23833198,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wildy,"Although it is a lil buggy its still one hell of a fun game to play, if you enjoy L4D then you will get a kick out of this game too"
,Recommended,235540,28660129,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Snake Plissken,"Great game; plays much in the same way as L4D but in Warhammer. If you like Chivalry and hordes of monsters then this is the game for you.My only dissapointment with this is that  there is a lack variety in monsters based on the maps. Ex: It would be great if we faught vermin in the cities, undead in the castles, and goblins/orks in the halls of karak az.Just a personal thought,"
,Recommended,235540,23803271,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Abstracty,"I played this game when it had open beta, however I didn't buy the game till the summer sale. I do I have nostalga. The problem I have with the game knowing going into it is some bugs, such as invisible rat bug where a invis. rat is killing you, but you can't see or hit it.  Secondly, the levels do seem repetitive. Think of it as L4D were basically the waves of the same enemies come at you while you do objectives. The looting is intresting. I have seen people say that it is horrible. I agree, but also disagree. Yes it involves ""luck"" where you roll dice, which to get better dice you have to find hidden tomes and other items to get better dice. The better dice + better rolls = better loot. I like it, but I also hate it for the fact that you need at least three people to get all the tomes for the better dice. I would recommend going with a group of friends or find a good helpful group in game, because it does get boring or annoying playing with people that are not helpful.Pros--Beutiful graphics-Decent mechanics-Blood and gore-Decent size mapsNeutural--Only five characters-Loot system-NarationCons--Repetitive-Limited maps-Some annoying bugs (Invisible rat bug)-Hit boxes are weirdTL;DR - Game can be repetitive, but is fun. Loot system is meh, but works. Would recommend with friends."
76561197979264722,Recommended,235540,28666429,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blue W1zard,"This game captures that dungeon crawler experience perfectly.  It's similar to L4D in the way the Co-Op mechanics work and the pace of the enemy behavior (Sudden wave attacks, special monsters etc) but it's unique in a lot of aspects as well.Vermintide has a much darker feel to it compared to L4D with it's gothic, dank environments.  The action is up close and personal with the melee weapons having a convincing weight to them (almost like Chivalry) You really feel like you're right in the thick of the action.  There is a great block and dodge mechanic as well along with a valid ranged option that you often switch back and forth from depending on the situation.The combat feels visceral and gory with a great feeling of satisfaction, especially after fighting through an onslaught that you thought there was no hope of surviving.There is also a loot system in place here as well.  You get a random roll at the end of a game (using dice) which can be effected by trinkets and items found in the game (Grimoirs) to give you a better chance of finding what you want.  A quests system is also present but I haven't unlocked that part yet so I can't comment.So far, I'm very impressed with this game.  It scratches that L4D itch for me perfectly with the bonus that it's Warhammer.If you're a Warhammer and/or a L4D fan then you're likely to get a lot of value from this game.I'll update this review the more I get into the game."
76561198011878842,Recommended,235540,26443674,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TrustySmuts,A very good game to play with friends!
,Recommended,235540,28669637,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cobain,"This was meant to be a warhammer left for dead, and it is.For some reason, it did get boring fast for me though.Some upsides are:Good graphicsGreat artstyle"
76561198016485986,Recommended,235540,35479273,Posted: 4 October,all,jforsaken1,"This is a great co-op melee fighting game with a secondary focus on ranged weapons.  The graphics are nice, there are plenty of graphics/game options for fine tuning the game.  Naturally, the game is a few years old and the online community has dwindled a bit, but peaks a bit when there is a sale.  The game is primarily set for players to make runs on the various maps, and upon completion of the map, there is a dice loot roll.  There are items for the players to pick up during the main mission maps, and carrying these items to the end of the map increases players odds at winning higher level gear.  The gear is tiered similar to other games; white, green, blue, orange, with ""best"" being red.  This is a well thought out, well executed game, though it does have its collection of bugs as many do.  The difficulty: easy, normal, hard, nightmare, and cataclysm, make the game very fun and challenging.  When steppping up to nightmare level, the introduction of friendly fire with ranged weapons and bombs really changes the challenge and makes it  more interesting.  There are still plenty of higher level players who like to help out the newbies.  Get this title on sale, which should be easy to do because Vermintide 2 is releasing in the very near future.  Lastly, I want to mention that one thing that makes the game addictive/rewarding is the rag doll physics; hacking off limbs, heads, and just sending rats flying through the air with a huge melee strike is just awesome.  This game really comes down to running/rerunning the same maps to tighten your skills, farm for loot, and have a blast with your friends.  Get it, it's just really good, especially if you like l4d2."
,Recommended,235540,19082355,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Baron Baconeer the Third,"It's like a first-level Dnd mission gone horribly wrong. There are rats everywhere and they're firing miniguns at you. On the plus side you can annoy your friends by constanly calling the enemy the Ratriarchy. You even get to fight it as a rude girl with dyed hair! Immersion!Also the maces make possibly the most satisfying thunk-sound when hitting anything vaguely ratlike before launching the poor sods into the athmosphere. Play with an AMD card to enjoy additional cartoon physics. It's not a bug, it's a feature!"
76561198037363883,Recommended,235540,18644936,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Touch My Terry Folds,If you don't mind the lack of a versus mode it's literally better than Left 4 Dead 3.
76561198027362572,Recommended,235540,23266237,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Adam Digital,"pretty fun game, though its slow to get decent loot.i would also add that it doesnt seem like there would be enough content to justify the price, but when its on sale i'd say its worth it."
,Recommended,235540,23744408,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jeez0,"This game has a way of grabbing onto you and not letting go.Its not the most extremely challenging game, but It breeds teamwork and communication.I really enjoy 1st person melee combat games and this scratches that itch hard.My first experience was with 3 IRL friends and it was a freaking blast.With all the fun and herd upon herd of dead rats you leave in your wake come some negatives.This game is rather cpu intensive,No dedicated servers so expect random lag walls in random games.Game crashes can instantly make you want to stop playing.  You lose without losing.It also has a learning curve with no tutorial.Overall tho I really really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,235540,32901454,Posted: 27 June,all,cragum,"recent updates include pub brawls, proving once and for all that all of warhammer is actually just europe and all the warring factions are just mad about football."
,Recommended,235540,18735121,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,zOh,This game is swag. Warhammer fantasy getting all the good games right now. Where's my 40k love.
,Recommended,235540,23266809,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Atlas,"Great coop game, melee feels very satisfying. Best with 3 friends, tolerable with 2.  Graphics are solid and the enemies are interesting."
,Recommended,235540,24014132,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Evil_sod,Very fun... if you have lots of friends who play it. Not fun alone :'(
76561198045147690,Recommended,235540,33734498,Posted: 22 July,all,[ONS]Emanouche,Awesome game! I was like SHLING! Then I was like WHAM! Then I was like SPLAT! And they were like UUUUUGGH!!! :D
,Recommended,235540,20865684,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,wolcifer,hello rato
76561198074626791,Recommended,235540,28393508,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Vulcan Raven,"This is a really good game, good graphics good gameplay, u also have alot of weapons to choose from, the dlc are really cheap also the game if you like games like LFD and killingfloor this is your game for sure"
76561198056498163,Recommended,235540,20076950,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Heavenly Kinju,I've played many games through steam over the years and this game is so amazing that it had to be my first review. What a breath of fresh air this game was for me. A truely amazing hack and slash/shoot game with hordes of vermine that just never seems to get old. If you enjoyed the left for dead series then your will probably love this game as well.
,Recommended,235540,19862334,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,A Cute Kitty,"Simpleton's Guide to Vermintide:1. Choose character.2. Choose another character since your favourite was taken.3. Beat rats.4. Beat more rats.5. Beat even more rats plus specials rats that still need to be beaten.6. Encounter ogre, luls ensure.7. If team isn't wiped, continue on and beat rats.8. Reach final zone, beat rats.9. Reach escape vehicle or don't, but still beat rats.10. See what RNG gives you, and get shafted by trash.11. Repeat steps 1-10 until results differ, if rash persists call your doctor; He'll prescribe higher difficulties.12. Get♥♥♥♥♥handed to yourself by beefier rats and lose on higher difficulty.13. Get the feel of it, and beat rats."
76561197962487885,Recommended,235540,19836699,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kerplar,Great game. Lots of fun. Play with friends.
,Recommended,235540,23279759,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sir H. Roflstomp,"Too put it blanky Vermintide is a reskinned L4D with inventory. And while it has some issues, I would recommend you get it during sale.Pros:- While it is clearly modeled after L4D, it does give it a fresh new set of paint, and doesn't seem all that similar.- The characters are well designed, voice acting is great and enemies' overall design looks pretty stellar- The hack and slash first person nature complements the setting very well.- Very atmospheric, levels are quite long and thought out.- Has an interactive customization of loadouts and forging system, which help give the player an identity.- Difficulty setting which restricts players from playing above hard, forcing them to prove their skill to play.- Has bots capability and host migration now, replacing the annoying Peer-to-peer system where all players are kicked if the host leaves.- Has a captivating story instead of L4D's generic ""zombie invasion"" plot.- Requires Co-operative gameplay to work, punishing stragglers and loners.Cons- Enemies are hard to destinguish from players due to the lack of borders around them constantly, also the general dingyness of it makes it difficult too- Ranged weapons are underpowered and have limited ammunition, making the Mage much easier to play as, since her ammo is unlimited and splash damage fire is generally more reliable.- Optimization issues.- Crafting system is quite haphazard and awkward to work with.- Inventory items are only collected after beating a mission, making grinding inevitable.- As with many games, connectivity issues are amok and you'll lag like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if your ping sucks.- No workshop or mods.- Bots are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.- Some of the objectives are dauntingly repetitive, and hauling slow objects while you're defensless, relying on your teammates to help you really sucks if you're playing with non-cooperative teammates.- Incredibily slidy movement, combat can sometimes be clunky.- No voice radial option, making communication purely text based.- Not much indication in terms of audio or visual cues as to when your teammates are in peril or an enemy is close.- The game doesn't seem to aid you at all in terms of finding weapons. You'll constantly find medical equipment during the start while your health is optimum, but there's a 50/50 chance it'll stop all together during the finale of the chapter.Once again, good idea to get this while it's on sale. It needs work but I'd suggest you buy it. 6.5/10"
76561198060421127,Recommended,235540,28812174,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,S1ickReed,First Warhammer game and hord game for me. AND ITS ♥♥♥♥ING EPIC! Alot of fun
,Recommended,235540,19601613,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,nacon,"I've sunk 50+ hours into this game, and I can comfortably reccommend it to fans of Warhammer and Left4Dead.Positives:+Great graphics and sound, the world is immersive and well-designed.+Great level design. The hunt for bonus items to get better loot rolls really shows off some of the intracicies of the world. The Grey Wizard's tower is one of the best levels in any game, period.+The melee action is frantic and fun. I don't think I've been in a 1st person game that executes melee so well. Dodging, parrying, and striking in a hectic dance of death is really excellent.+The variety of difficulties make this game easy on newcomers, hard for those who want a challenge.+The story and campaign are interesting enough. Most of the 'story' will be told ingame through interactions between the five characters.Negatives:-The loot system can be somewhat frustrating, but the recent DLC has taken huge steps to make it more predictable and fun. You have to roll dice at the end of each level, modified by bonus items that you've pickd up, in order to obtain better items.-The community can be iffy sometimes. The Bots won't get you past much, you will need to play with others. It can be a chore to play with folks who aren't communicating with the team.All in all, I've gotten a lot of enjoyment out of this game. The community is still going strong. If you and a group of friends are looking for a new coop game to play, I would say you should check this one out."
,Recommended,235540,23265441,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MeantToDoIt,For sale price it's a lot of fun. More depth than Left4Dead and just as fun if not more. The 5 class types play very differently and so far each one is fun.
,Recommended,235540,33142876,Posted: 2 July,all,┼ Melkahia ┼,"Yes, yes, yes... has a lot of L4D2 but instead of zombies, you'll be hunting huge rats but that's not the only thing here in Vermintide.There is also a nice crafting system plus enchanting / looting sys depending on your overall performance on each quest.Get some friends and play it."
76561198086467378,Recommended,235540,33455069,Posted: 11 July,all,katux,"the most impressive melee system i have ever seen, i wish more games were as deep and complex as this melee system"
76561198045779076,Recommended,235540,18527989,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Moist With Sarcasm,Like Left for dead...except way harder and more funEdit: to get a bit more in depth i love the fact that there is LOOT and it can change the way your character plays...also i like the fact there are 5 classes all relativelt different...give it a go its pretty damn fun
,Recommended,235540,18533727,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jimmybeaver,"Here is my review of early beta thus far ...It's like you get the characters of Gauntlet plus van hells and play left for dead , but instead of zombies there rat men. Add in a level up system & a dice roll for items. It's a good game, got no one to play with or someone drops out, the bots jump in.EDIT - Thus far, L4D is a far better more solid game. Each chapter in LFD (Left for dead 1-2) has a bit of story and feels like a mini movie, each map on Warhammer Vermintide, just feels like a map, a third of maps are just defend point or get barrels or sacks, while fighting of hordes of rats. With not much varity. It's just ok with mates if you have a chat channel going. But one of the major downfalls of this game is the fact you cant chat in game, so fast paced, only type chat. (They have a button asigned for it but does not work). Even when they finally fix chat, the game in my opinion needs more depth. 5 dice rolls out of 10 rats"
76561198132977284,Recommended,235540,23262940,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ratanfiddle,"Amazing visuals. Great Co-op and enticing combat, survival, slaying and objective elements combined. Lots of Replayability and rarely repetitive"
,Recommended,235540,23242585,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,𝓟friendo,"Fun game, combats not very sophisticated but honestly I don't really mind, only problems I really see with this game is that it has some pretty bad optimization, and the player base seems to be pretty low cause apparently the game gets pretty boring after completing all the missions.so far though im 3 missions in and id probaly give it 7 or 8 out of 10Edit: so ive done all of the missions from the first act, and suprisingly ive found myself doing them over and over again and actually enjoying it for some reason, I think I probably still reccomend it, maybe just on sale or if you can do what I did and just marathon it on a free weekend to get an opinion on it"
,Recommended,235540,33600716,Posted: 16 July,all,Hatsune | ROLLGAMBLE,"basically it's Left 4 Rat.the game sill have bugs, but developers have not abbadoned the game yet. they are trying to fix bugs.new features are free. the only thing that players need to buy are DLC-maps which contain unique weapons to loot. Upside, only one party member own the DLC, and the everybody can enjoy it.le looting system, like usual, reuire luck. <LUL>"
,Recommended,235540,19540737,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Makofury,"Don't let some of the curators fool you: this is actually a good game which can be enjoyed by many. It's LFD in a gothic fantasy setting with a much better mix of missions although at the end of the day you'll still be finding all the buffs you can for a final rush that almost always includes a special enemy or two or 4. The difficulty is a bit higher than many other 4 player co-op games I've had experience with, it isn't just the specials that can screw you over when you're alone, it's rather easy to be overwhelmed by a flood of ratties biting and clawing into you. It's a fun game with an awesome loot and crafting system to give it legs, just hope your teammates are up for teamwork or you'll have a bad time.10/10 dead rats."
76561198012438609,Recommended,235540,25093639,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hamish Firebeard,"Vermintide wears it's heart on it's sleeve. It's fairly candidly inspired by Left 4 Dead but that acts only to it's credit. The game offers a 4-player co-operative romp through the streets, sewers and adjoining woodland of the city of Ubersreik, constantly having to beat off the ratmen invaders with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stick. The combat feels fluid and dynamic and the setting is the gorgeous Warhammer Fantasy setting. Seriously the best first person Warhammer Fantasy game ever made and does credit both the old fans of the universe like me and newcomers alike.PS. Holy Sigmar will bless your ravaged body."
76561198029156548,Recommended,235540,19677190,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Trépignol,"War of the roses, War of the vikings, Vermintide...Long live Fatshark !"
76561197971038351,Recommended,235540,33475015,Posted: 12 July,all,Leynadix,"It's really interesting, The best it is that you need to cooperate to end a Stage, and there are other things to do than atack, like carring barrels.Every map is short history.I like the way you win some equipment throwing dices, it remembers me the real Warhammer game.The worst, the upgrades of the game, you need to unlock various weapons to destroy it to improve one weapon.I don't own DLC's, so there is a real limitation in maps I own. I can't finish the story."
76561198046048196,Recommended,235540,23424407,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Warung Buffet,yeah its alright
,Recommended,235540,23298176,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,whoisnot,"Rats! Camera! Action! Really, this game has them all. Primarily rats. In the moody (grim as Hell) streets and sewers and cemetaries of the Old World of the Warhammer Fantasy universe. Also, action. You'll get plenty of that. And so will three of your friends who can join you (if they also have the game, of course.) That way it's more fun than with bots.Sure, if you played Left for Dead, you'll find a lot of stuff familiar (even if you're not a wizard. Get it? Sorry, if you do.) But I haven't found that distracting at all. I found quite a lot of familiar stuff in most FPS games after Doom (the old one) and Quake. Did that hurt the fun I had with other good FPS games? Not at all.So, if you like Warhammer Fantasy and aren't averse to kicking some ratman, err, I mean Skaven behinds with your friends in a scenic backdrop of a medieval nightmare, you won't be disappointed. Likely. No guarantees, though. (Go check an actual play video on youtube or two first, if you're hesitant. That helped me as well.)Note that I bought this at a sale. Was fully worth that price. Not 100% sure about the full price though. Maybe a bit too few levels for that much. But at a sale... no doubt."
,Recommended,235540,18930788,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Lumos,"First worthwhile Warhammer game since Age of Reckoning, hoping for this one to stick around a long time!"
,Recommended,235540,27894950,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ifrit,"I love this game, but it is very rough around the edges. A really good time with multiple friends. Can be lonely (and frustrating) playing by yourself or with randoms"
,Recommended,235540,29336362,Posted: 18 January,all,Eliot,"I bought a brand new ibuypower gaming pc to replace my mac so i could literaly play THIS game with my friends.It was a good choiceThis game is best played with friends but ive somehow managed to roll a few good randos.(Tho the people who play this game mostly grind the first level on high dificulties for loot and forgot how to have fun)Its like l4d2 with mele that feels real and weighty, and the gore is ace.This game brings glory to the Empire 10/10Orher thoughts tho, The bright wiz would be a little more effective with a small damage buffNow just to save up some money again so i can buy all the dlc"
76561198014314303,Recommended,235540,29581961,Posted: 30 January,all,CELL,"A fantastic co-op game for up to 4 players. Great setting and good amount of challange. Only downside being that when played alone and offline, the experience is rather mediocre and at times even unplayable (higher difficulties not possible to finish with AI bots).The grinding aspect keeps you playing, in hopes of obtaining better weapons and trinkets and slaying waves of rats doesn't get boring at all !Well worth its £20 pricetag, but the game also often goes on sale."
76561197970608818,Recommended,235540,30285824,Posted: 2 March,all,magnus.eriksson,"One of the best games ever. Ive played thousand of hours on diffrent battlefiled games which are great fun. But never before have I experienced a game where the feeling of playing together as a team has been this good. On higher levels the teamplay is essential to survive the levels. The DLCs could come out a bit quicker which is the only bad thing about this game :P.With skype and some friends to chatter with this is as good as it gets.If you are a lone wolf this is NOT a game for you, you will only die alone, there are no heros in this game only teamplayers."
,Recommended,235540,35108972,Posted: 21 September,all,Maz,"Really good game, basically Left 4 Dead 2 but set in the WarHammer universe. Good characters and enemies, great controls and graphics. Maz Approves"
76561197966899842,Recommended,235540,35175500,Posted: 24 September,all,Jon M,"It's like Left 4 Dead, but for men."
76561198011883538,Recommended,235540,30235220,Posted: 27 February,all,Jinkaza,"Dear Fatshark,Jink's pro tip to make moneyMake Skin/voice-over packs of other unit typesElves- High and DarkBretonniaMore EmpireMore Dwarves....cough cough, RUNESMITH, cough, cough, SLAYERS!!!@ $2.99Full ExpansionsChaos- all of them!Undead- add zombies to your zombie killing game@ $24.99You have 30+ years of lore to lean on. GO!!!!!"
76561197999199323,Recommended,235540,29049168,Posted: 5 January,all,Strontium Dingo,"I have never played anything like this. EVER.It is similar to Left4Dead in the way that a guitar is similar to a piano: They do share certain qualities, but they are two completely different beasts.I think the best think about this game is the way the devs interact with the community. By which I mean 'The fact that they do.' I am looking directly at you, every AAA company ever."
,Recommended,235540,19877059,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TargetVudu,Great game 8/10 Would buy again
,Recommended,235540,31555149,Posted: 5 May,all,Seaniemaurice,"My full video review here -https://youtu.be/5mFHKOMy2XsIf you are considering either Left 4 Dead or Vermintide, buy Vermintide.... it offers so much more. For those who have played Left 4 Dead a lot.... well you will get a few hours enjoyment out of Vermintide, but at some point you will wish you had played it first.Vermintide plays upon the mechanics and gameplay of L4D and makes it better. From different classes, to RPG elements and loot. It's a fun time and regardless of how much L4D you have played, you will enjoy Vermintide!"
,Recommended,235540,28844367,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,feralist,"If you enjoy playing the Left 4 Dead series, you'll definitely enjoy playing Vermintide.Similarities:The gameplay is really very similar in terms of the main mechanics of each stage (Get from Point A to Point B, Defend an area etc) as well as the horde spawns along with special monsters (Tank, Jockey, Spitter etc).Differences:There's 5 heroes to pick from in here instead of the 4 in L4D. Each hero has their own style of play. And you can get loot upon completing each stage to improve the playstyle of the characters that you use."
,Recommended,235540,23800539,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Based Slowking,Do you like to kill rats with scary medeviel weapons?! then this is the GAME FOR YOUDo you like playing solo with dumb A.I.?! THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!This game in all seriousness is fantastic and the devs seem very passionate about the game and are supporting it with free and paid dlc and patches for 15$ on a  sale its really worth it but even $30 for the price of admmission is really good!
,Recommended,235540,26438607,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gingen (Guildmarm),"Now that the loot system is fixed, I can finally recommend this game :)"
76561198058602281,Recommended,235540,26442635,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Controversy,Really fun!
76561198065272179,Recommended,235540,26444216,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GAABBE,In terms that everyone with at least a basic gaming background can understand:Left 4 Dead + SkyrimPretty fukcin sweet guys.
,Recommended,235540,23839741,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub!,If you liked L4D then you'll love this game.
76561198019011136,Recommended,235540,23799823,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,2andrew,"fun game with the need for team work and chat, but can be played solo on a lower difficalty .their are a veriaty of five carcters to play as, each with their own weapens that can be upgraded"
,Recommended,235540,33242279,Posted: 4 July,all,[RC]Grim,"This is Left 4 Dead with the Warhammer Skin.Story is captivating but if you're not into that it's not critical to really be involved.The levels are pretty open for exploration and have cool areas for secrets and other goodies to find.Combat is fluid, but I can easily see fights getting repetative.All in all if you liked Left 4 Dead gameplay, and enjoy the Warhammer universe then you'll enjoy playing through this game."
,Recommended,235540,18636116,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Xearo,"If you enjoy L4D, you will very likely enjoy this game. If you enjoy Warhammer, you will very likely enjoy this game. If you enjoy Killing Floor, you will very likely enjoy this game. If you enjoy Chivalry... the list goes on.Things to be aware of:- Super satisfying combat: lopping off rat heads, knocking over swathes of mobs at a time, annihilating huge groups with incendiary grenades... they really nailed the combat here. It's not all melee - you can get a multitude of ranged weapons, including some spells, bows and assorted guns. The combat system allows for charged attacks, pushes, blocks and some special attacks - which allow you to be pretty tactical with how you engage enemies.- Rewarding loot system: you get an item at the end of a successful mission from a list of random weapons, which you can then equip.  Certain items you can collect throughout the map increase your chance to get better items in the list of items at the end of a level. It's a bit more complicated than that, but that sort of covers it.- Useful consumables: Bombs, potions of speed/strength, healing poultices, health packs, ammo - each of the consumables has it's own utility, and you're rewarded for exploring the map by finding them. Hobbling around on 5% health after fighting a rat ogre (the equivalent of a L4D tank) and finding a health kit tucked away in a bookshelf behind a door is incredibly satisfying - so is popping a speed potion and darting between rats before they can hit you, or a strength potion and cutting down huge amounts of vermin in one satisfying slice.- Weapons change up your play style: Each weapon will change how you approach enemies, and many will have very different traits. One weapon might be able to pierce armour with a normal attack, some will require a charged attack; some charged attacks might hit huge groups, some might be single target. In some cases it's literally the difference between a crossbow and two flintlock pistols.- Lore and voice lines: They really put the effort in here. I'm not a huge Warhammer fan, but I can already tell there's a lot to appreciate here - with references to mechanics and characters that you might recognise if you know the lore. But my favourite part is the effort they put in with the voice lines - if you jump around too much, the Sergeant will ask 'What's with the Bretonnian dance? Keep your feet on the ground will you!' and so on. Each of the characters has multiple reactions to these sorts of thing, and people will comment on headshots, killing sprees, being knocked down etc. It might be something you expect from any decent-quality game out there, but these lines are especially good.- Real replayability value: I've got 9.3hrs in the early-access version of the game, which was (until last night) 3 maps in total. On release they'll have 13 (I think?) levels - and I dread to think how many hours I'm going to sink into them. All the major levels have collectibles you can find to increase your loot chances, on top of hidden secrets, alternating routes and huge variability in enemy and loot spawns. No two playthroughs of the same map are the same - and that's a very good thing.My only negative comment, which will likely be reiterated elsewhere is: the NPC AI is awful. Just like L4D, bots will try to help you up if you're downed - even when you're surrounded by 10 rats and your friend is being dragged off by a special rat - or they'll sometimes wander off and find a special rat to challenge to a one-on-one duel. If you're expecting to play this solo, I'd maybe avoid it. I've not tried it - and maybe at least one bot will stay beside you at all times or something, they're usually pretty good at sticking close - but my tendency to get annoyed by bots would put me off. I'm expecting to play this with one other human player pretty much every single game.For an indie studio, this game is a massive achievement. For £23, it is a ridiculous steal."
76561198131197112,Recommended,235540,19096535,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SiameseSneeze,"One of the funnest experiences i have ever had. This game is gold, and it's a steal at $30. It has the action and graphics of a game worth twice as much, yet, i would rather play this. It's been described as Left 4 Dead with rats; Thats partially true. It is more of a mix between L4D, and Diablo, where you gain loot for every mission completed. Loot is determined by dice roll and sometimes, it pays off; most of the time, not so much, but the great thing is that you can combine your loot to create even better loot. The characters are varied and interesting, the voice acting is lovely, and the soundtrack really fits the game. On the downside, it's still pretty buggy and I get the occasional crash, plus, there is one very important thing to note: YOU NEED CONSTANT INTERNET CONNECTION, BE WARNED. Aside from that, it's a bloody good time. Get a team and slice, dice, smash, slash, mangle, burn, pierce, bisect, lobotomize, stab, shoot, obliterate, poison, behead, and kill the rat menace. Some of the most satisfying combat you will ever experience, right here in this game. Honestly, we need more Warhammer games like this."
,Recommended,235540,19682655,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DubbleChrisP,"Extremely satisfying melee combat meets somewhat Diablo-esque loot progression in Left 4 Dead style gameplay. As a fan of any good cooperative game, this one excels at bringing together some of the best gameplay features from some of my favorite games of the last ten years. Definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,235540,18529029,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MagicalSmalrusWalrusJones,"This game is very intense, fun, and interesting, especially when playing with people you can talk to obviously, however, be warned, I have encountered a glitch in the time I have been playing this game, and I can promise you there will be more. (Namely, someone got dragged through a normally openable door that was boarded up by a random event on the map loading by a pack leader.)A second drawback is the fact that treating this like any other FPS will get you slaughtered, your weapons are something you will need to learn several sets of good Rhythms for various circumstances to use properly, as the charge-attack system has a serious degree of depth. As such, mindlessly and repeatedly tapping left mouse in the general direction of the enemy is going to get you killed (Even if you are using a weapon which has a good light attack, as they are not intended to be your exclusive mode of combat.)As such, the next bit of this review will be explaining how to strategize how to play based on your weapons attributes, to ease the early game hell.In a weapons basics: Weapons have two modes of attack, light (Standard, good for quickly staggering a single enemy,) and Charged (Seems to be gradual, thus, I will reffer to barely charged attacks as medium, and almost fully charged attacks as heavy.)Now, the attributes for how hitting something works are very invovled and in depth, each hand to hand weapon can hit a certain number of Skaven before its blade will get stopped, it will do a certain amount of damage, and it will be able to stagger enemies of a certain severity. This tells you what targets the weapon is good at.See the Templar Zwiehander you start with in your inventory chest as the Witch hunter, it has a dissapointing light attack, but its charged hits have a great number of targets it will hit for medium damage. It is a glorious weapon to throw well timed medium attacks with. Its stagger is bad, meaning you should neve try to fight stormvermin with it, while the hammer the empire soldier has access to has great stagger scores, and is great at dealing with stormvermin.As such, you can start forming up into strategic roles, but until you understand how to do this, and how to get good with your chosen weapons, this game is rough, and brutally hard. It is not your run of your mill FPS."
76561198013971075,Recommended,235540,19859152,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Basch,HOLY SIGMAR BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY
76561197972041774,Recommended,235540,22386605,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Murphy Sterling,"It's like whole generations of those things have died at my hands. Mothers, fathers, grandfathers, little baby rats. Sometimes, I wonder though, if our lives are really more valuable than theirs. You know what I mean?"
,Recommended,235540,18715686,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gingasmite,"Left 4 Dead meets Payday 2 in the gritty Warhammer world.Would be nice to see this expand to include a versus mode and maybe more campaigns that include some of the other races, but as it stands it is still a great little game.Nicely done Fatshark."
,Recommended,235540,24623191,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,bieber fan,"While it's not very polished and its a little buggy, it's got loads of replayability, is a really solid game and lets you sliced a giant 2-handed sword through armies of man sized rats. Something which is frowned upon IRL."
,Recommended,235540,23262097,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,deanxvii,"This game is fun, could get boring after a while.I had the game since launch and I played it for 13 hours. Not a lot I know, but like I said, it could get boring. Once you beat all the base levels this game basically turns into a loot grind. Each map has tomes and grimoires. They raise your chances of getting good loot at the end of each map.Everyone is different in what they like, but for me, this game was fun for the first 12 hours and then I got burnt out. I do like the game though. I like it enough to not give it a ""No"" recommendation.Poor Optimization was/is a big part of this game. At launch it was terrible. I heard its gotten better now but I played a couple weeks ago and I still lagged even with a good pc. Honestly though, the optimization isn't too bad for the game to not be reccomended.My rating: 7/10 - Neutral"
,Recommended,235540,26467492,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Callum,Fun and fast paced co-op game at a reasonable price.If you are a Warhammer fan and have a few friends to play with then I would say this is well worth the asking price. If Warhammer doesn't float your boat then it is still a pretty decent co-op game to pick up in a sale.
,Recommended,235540,25823384,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sjarking,"It's an all right game to play with friends.Don't buy this if you don't have 3 others you are planning on playing with.If you want to buy it, do it when it's on sale. Doubt we'll see more content than it has already.Still has more activity than Battleborn.Vermintide:http://steamcharts.com/app/235540Stillborn:http://steamcharts.com/app/394230"
,Recommended,235540,22528715,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,-=SMV=- Tyrial,"This is a fantastic game, Been out for awhile and still enjoying it."
,Recommended,235540,30113223,Posted: 22 February,all,D a d ✔,"This game is all kinds of fun. You could pick it up and play with your friends and have a damn good time. You could also play solo and browse the public lobbies. People are generally nice, if anyone is ever mean its very passive.If you love co-op games, you'll love vermintide. That's about it."
76561198006559792,Recommended,235540,18524515,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Reban,"Addictive co-op game in the dark and suggestive Warhammer setting. Great melee system, with satisfying blocking and charged attacks. Timing is crucial to perform at this game. Always fun, what can I say."
76561197963743149,Recommended,235540,18757003,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Florp Incarnate,"This satisfies my craving for a frenzied first person melee game. The sword (and axe, and mace, etc) play is quick and responsive. Each weapon or weapon combo has a unique playstyle. The art design is excellent and very much in character with the Warhammer universe.Now the bad stuff... as usual for inexplicable reasons the average pubber does not use their microphone and ends up getting the team killed. This game requires an arranged party to experience to the fullest, or make it through nightmare difficulty. As a result you'll need to spend your first week accumulating new Steam friends."
76561198009346543,Recommended,235540,23151887,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,A Random Wolf,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is the co-op game I've been looking for for a very long time.  Everything that makes L4D2 great is there, plus a whole lot of things I always wished L4D2 would have.  Imagine Chivalry: Medieval Warfare plus L4D2 plus a pretty robust, rarity-based loot system, plus a good range of five classes that have reasonably unique playstyles and roles.  The graphics and level design is also just fantastic.I'm honestly baffled as to why the playerbase is shrinking -- L4D2 has much less replayability than Vermintide (no loot, no level-ups, no different playstyles and character builds, fewer difficulty tiers).  New maps are coming out very soon, and there's already 14 of them, which is plenty for a game like this.  Yeah, there are some bugs (occasionally an enemy will clip through a wall or get stuck on something), but nothing that utterly breaks or ruins the game, and the only serious frustration is if the game's host disconnects right before the end of a map.Seriously, buy this game.  Help us rekindle the playerbase -- this game is really good!"
,Recommended,235540,33860807,Posted: 28 July,all,LTCpanders,"As of this review I've put 480+ hours into the game. There are very few games I can say that I am able to really appreciate the work and passion that the game's developers put into the game. Fatshark has done a great job of listening to the player community and even with its rocky start the game has been polished to something truly remarkable.This game has incredible depth in its combat mechanics. It's easy to dismiss at first but check the guides, videos, the subreddit, and learn how the weapons, traits, trinkets, and other mechanics work in the game and you'll be able to fully appreciate how incredible this game truly is. The developers are still putting out huge updates and re-balancing and updating the game.To understand where the game is at you need to understand how it has progressed and where it started. I initally played the game early on for several hours near release until I learned how unbalanced many of the weapons/traits/trinkets/etc were. It really bothered me that there were so many non-viable weapons and uninteresting traits and trinkets and the loot system on release was a nightmare. Early on I didn't feel like I had a choice in which weapons and trinkets to use; or even what traits I should look for; there were a few obviously strong traits and a huge mess of garbage traits. I saw all of these flaws and stopped playing for almost a year.However, since then they've progressively addressed almost every one of these issues. The loot system was vastly improved with the addition of the Shrine (free DLC). They also added red veteran weapons (even though initially many were garbage - they just recently revamped all them earlier this month - July 2017). They also rebalanced the vast array of damage and other values on most the weapons and have been refining them continuously to the point where most weapons are a matter of preference now rather than binary good/bad. There are a very few exceptions still *cough* Dual Daggers.I'm at 480+ hours and still noticing new banter and quips between the characters during the game that I have never heard before. BTW the banter in this game is probably the best I've ever experienced in a game. This game has become probably my favorite game on steam, and that's saying a lot. I still pretty much play this game now at least 4 or 5 days a week and am very much looking forward to how the game will further improve in the future with new DLCs and updates. The game still has some very minor issues but it also still has incredible potential.The player base has seen a recent resurgence and many new players have recently started playing the game. The community for the most part are really welcoming and friendly in my experience. Welcome to Vermintide."
,Not Recommended,235540,26738196,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kamikaye,"It has great potential.But the developers decided to implement a heavily luck based loot system resembling Free2Play game mechanics.Grab it if grinding randomized loot is your thing. It's not mine, therefore I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,235540,25039731,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BearVersusShark,"Definite recommendation for CO-OP FPS fans!I was always interested in the WarHammer Universe(s), the art, lore, and creatures but I didn't find an entry point until this game. I'm glad I found out about this game! Awesome CO-OP FPS action, amazing music, great atmosphere and art.The combat feels nice, when you land a warhammer on a Skaven and you either send it flying or it's head, it's highly satisfying and makes your character feel powerful. On the other hand if you don't work as a group and run off trying to be Rambo, you can be ambushed or overwhelmed, sometimes in a split second, so you're character feels powerful, but not invincible. The difficulty can be upped, so you need to play at near perfect levels of performance.If you enjoy CO-OP games, especially CO-OP FPS similar to the Payday or Left 4 Dead series, you will almost certainly get some good hours out of this game, expecially considering it's price. Even if you only clear each mission once or twice, it's still a pretty good value of dollar spent versus hours to complete, even if it's not on sale."
,Recommended,235540,33162233,Posted: 2 July,all,Smackins93,I love killing rats. Get this game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235540,27336232,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Abdulla,"A Proper Four Co-op Game Similar to Left 4 Dead. Beautiful Visual, Characters, Soundtrack, and Combat.Story fromWarhammer UniverseSet in The End Times.Definitely Must Buy Game with friends."
,Recommended,235540,24880977,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ALAX,Left4dead для тех кто любит фэнтези
76561198031262604,Recommended,235540,26428406,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Bored Chairman,"This game is basically a better Left 4 Dead with Wererats instead of Zombies.It's team oriented, fun and has an addicting loot system, different classes instead of 4 characters who all handle the same and the game is much more fleshed out with more content, great level design and replayability.Left 4 Dead was a really fun game and this one is even better. This one is a must have when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,235540,31223120,Posted: 18 April,all,BETTER RED THAN DEAD,"""Do not trust in hope, it will betray you. Only faith and hatred sustains."" © Victor Saltzpyre"
,Recommended,235540,18661858,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[MFP] Jetalen,"Vermintide is a great addition to the Warhammer storyline, set in an apocalyptic wasteland of vermin rats. A group of four characters, chosen from five, will fight together to go through quests and accomplish feats.The pros:-Intrigiuing loot system which rewards you for finding hidden Tomes and Loot Dice.-Crafting system is interesting, and allows buildup towards exotic weapons the longer the playthrough.-No microtransactions that make it a 'pay-to-win'. Simply gameplay driven.-Combat is strong, fast-paced, and requires your individed attention, lest a pack-rat or assassin rat make your life a living hell.-Enemy AI makes combat fun an interesting.-An alright diversity of enemies makes combat thrilling.The cons:-Nowhere near enough different kinds of weapons.-A lot of the classes, due to a limitted amount of weapons, feel very restricted in their build pattern. For example, the waywatcher only really ever has a bow for ranged.-The friendly AI suck miserably. Very miserably. They're just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Always, always play with friends instead. Numerous times, the farther into missions you go, the AI will just sit there and do absolutely nothing. Sometimes they'll just wait in one spot while you progress through the map, and do LITERALLY nothing. Their combat skills are god-awful, often never taking advantage of DPS or anything, and just hold the block button. They get stuck in walls like it's nobody's business, and have no concept of navigation.-Even in full release, almost all of the bugs from pre-release stayed. For example, many players experience vertice glitches, where one or two vertices of characters will be in the floor, whereas the rest of the body will be either above it, or elsewhere if they've been ragdolled. Also, character models sometimes just have disappearing bodyparts.Conclusion: All in all, I still love the game. The problems are counteracted by the thrilling combat and intriguing crafting system, which puts a lot of other games to shame. Even still, though, I'd highly recommend playing with friends. The friendly AI are more cancer than I can describe. They just don't function."
76561198004408514,Recommended,235540,31582420,Posted: 6 May,all,LeL'Rathlor,If I had known this is just like Left for Dead except Medieval with Rats for zombies AND loot for weps and what not?! I would of bought it earlier.
76561198041908573,Not Recommended,235540,29226007,Posted: 13 January,all,Faux,"A very enjoyable game, but there was a lack of content when all things are considered.Don't get my recommendation wrong, I really enjoyed the game for the seven or so hours I actually played it. The game plays as a melee-combat style of Left 4 Dead game, with tight and responsive combat that feels as though you are actually doing something rather than slapping an enemy with a pool floatie. Attacks have bite, so you really feel their impact, which is fantastic for a game that for the most part hinges on melee combat.The game features the same things you would expect from a Left 4 Dead style game, lots of cannon fodder mobs with occasionally more difficult rare spawns that have their own weaknesses, such as the Stormvermin or Gas bombardiers, etc. However, in the end I would not recommend the game as it ran out of steam when I wanted to finish all of the acts, which ended out not taking very long. If tight melee combat and quality design akin to the L4D series is your thing, then this game is perfect for you. If you don't really want to run the mill and grind for weapons or trinkets on the same set of maps, consider looking elsewhere. Great game regardless."
76561198153235621,Recommended,235540,23267244,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IOUANAME,Overall if you can find a decent team that will listen to reason rather than run in likie idiots I would vry much reccomend this game but there are some draw back most times you get teams that are mentally challenged and can't follow a simple team play mechanic such as stick together most team mates run off or leave you the seocnd you turn your back to em and then in that brief time you get snagged thinking they got your back but they're ten miles away. The moral practice on your own with bots get yourself used to playing as a team a well oiled machine of rat slaughtering otherwise you fall apart and you all die team work is really important when it comes to fighting the rat ogrres and try not to revive team mates mid fight if you can help it if yuou got a clear shot go for it otehrwise focus on yourself and the rest of you or you will all die trying to save you weak link XD and yea that about sums it up work together when or if you get this game it really poushes that aspect to the limit
76561198009218478,Recommended,235540,29737169,Posted: 6 February,all,Warring Rose,"Bought it, love it, would love to see Vampire Counts/Chaos themed expansions."
,Recommended,235540,21234752,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tatsur0,"Played this for our Indie Sunday Stream & Giveaway and had a blast. Imagine L4D set in a dark medieval like world with each of the characters having their own unique abilities that really makes this game stand out. The game is quite challenging and offers a lot of different environments to explore and special mobs that will tackle you, drag you away and leave you hanging to dry, gassing an area you were camping, or just charging in and ruining your day. Great game to play with friends."
76561198011794704,Not Recommended,235540,28794989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nightery,"Game has nasty community which kickin people on the left to the right for the sake of an entertainment. Hard to find party, game slowly dying ("
76561197983415785,Recommended,235540,18639087,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bubbathedog,"Brings the dirty grim world of Warhammer to life. If you are a fan of games like Payday, Left 4 dead, or killing floor, then you will love this one. Combat is mostly focused around blocking, shoving, and hacking at the rats trying to end your adventure.Combat works well, you can almost feel the impact of your weapons on the skaven. The game rewards team play so much more than lone wolfing, which is exactly how a game like this should work. Music is solid and sound effects are terrific. Devs seems to really care about the game, I think they know they have a hit here and want it to do well. Teams can have many different strategies, min/maxing will happen but thankfully the devs did not make the good items rediculously overpowered, you still need skill to win at the higher difficulties.Tough to continue playing after a while. The crafting system and achievements can keep you motivated, but ultimately a game like this survives on new maps and new gametypes. Hopefully we will see some further development in that direction. Still recommended."
,Not Recommended,235540,18792028,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,PoggelTheLesser,This is a good game but it is riddled with problems firstly the A.I is the worst I have ever seen like ever stupid unresponsive and are only agro you when you are two feet away. you A.I partners stand and do nothing The eat ogres are cool but somehow have the ability to teleport never herd of that before and to top it all off at the end of the game the cart that you need to use to finish has like a 1 in 5 chance of bugging out so you won’t get any cool equipment it will but be a waste of time as i said this is a good game if you are willing to look past these get the game but i think you should wait till it’s cheaper and a working game.
,Recommended,235540,18563855,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Big Daddy,This game is one of my new favorite!i prefer this over Killing floor.I like the loot system.And you kill Skavens!
76561198133611255,Not Recommended,235540,22401758,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,LeatherHorn,"vermintide is a fun but shallow game. All characters feel the same except the pyromancer. They need abilities or skills to differentiate one from another. the game also lacks equipment, other than trinkets. What about armor, is this not warhammer? A in mission level up system would help this game alot, kinda like battleborn. The game is fun but dont look for anything deep, just a reskin L4D."
76561197970382594,Recommended,235540,18577739,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Skully,"Pros/ConsPros;+Gameplay basically the same as Left 4 Dead 1-2. Its a great formula. It basically means you and three other people run through maps to accomplish an objective and escape from the rampaging hordes of rat men. It varies between levels. Sometimes you pick things up. Sometimes you open doors.+Warhammer lore+Believable characters. Seriously, the Elf is downright antagonistic.+Very good graphics and sound. Sound effects really set it apart from L4D in that department. You hear and see the impact of your weapons.+Weapons are divided into melee/ranged specifically for ALL characters. There is no running around looking for weapons to pick up although you do find bombs, potions and healing supplies around. Look for tomes for extra exp and dice rolls. Grimoires give garunteed dice rolls, but half the health of every party member when you get both of them. Not for noobs. You can die very quickly with both of them.+You can upgrade your weapons in a make-shift salvaging/forge area in the ""Lobby"". Weapons come in generic white, then green and then blue and then orange. Higher quality weapons have a different weapon texture and they ahve ""traits"" that you unlock in the forge to get bonuses such as ""replenishes stamina on a pushback"".+Experienced gained at the end of a stage to boost your level, and get a reward per level, is based on specific factors and NOT who gets the most killed. THis is a major factor. It encourages teamwork.+The Lobby is essentially an ""inn"" that everyone can enter when they join a game before a match starts. There you see inventory chest, forge and ammo replenishment. You start a mission by interacting with the map on the center table. This is also where you change your hero.+you can dodge by pressing space plus a movement key; love that feature.+You can press T to outline objects and specific monsters in a blue outline that EVERYONE can see. Your character will probably comment on it to.These are lot of things I really like about the game. There are a few cons though.Cons;-there is some sort of optimization issue concerning particles such as smoke from gunfire. I run on high/max settings for 80 FPS almost at all times because that is what I have the game capped at, but when the Witchhunter fires his guns and it covers my screen....I get shunted down to 40 fps. Its a minor issue.-there are slight issues with hitbox detection at certain times almost on a consistant basis for some of the ""special"" mobs.-there is no option to customize the outfit of your characters. This is something sorely needed as you can change the weapons and even ""hats"" on the characters.-L4D brings noobs and people with attitudes. Expect that from L4d and expect that here. Lucky for us that we dont really need voice chat because of how talkative the characters are.-BOT AI is absoltuely atrocious. If you insist on going alone then you better be godly in your gameplay.Those are most that I am aware of. The rest generally boil down to personal taste. The game is absolutely worth it. It has a lot of ""soul""."
,Recommended,235540,33458576,Posted: 11 July,all,Novojit,Another Great co op Game! 😊
76561197986126299,Recommended,235540,31145617,Posted: 14 April,all,Karotte,The better Left4Dead and even more difficult.I like the look of the game. Great chars combined with the beautifull environment.Great fun in  Coop.Sadly there are just a few levels to play.Most important thing: Skaven are just the best. May the horned rat be with you.
,Recommended,235540,34741972,Posted: 4 September,all,ΞΞΞΞ43,"I'm addicted to Dota2 but I'm playing this to eventually give up on it.Really cool maps, atmosphere, dialogs and gameplay.Get this game asap."
,Recommended,235540,22803144,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Machete,"Beste coop ever! With a huge support from developers too.A great beautiful depressive atmosphere, good sound effects and a horde of freaking rats trying to kill you, definitely a must buy."
76561198030597791,Not Recommended,235540,28775933,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Thicc,"This game is a blast to play with friends, which is what it was made for. But dont bother trying to play singleplayer. It has some of the worst AI you will ever encounter in any game. Your allies will get stuck on the smallest things and stop following you. Which will allow the ""special rats"" to pick you off easily. Thus, losing all your progress in the mission. For some reason they didnt add checkpoints, so when you lose you have to restart the mission. This wouldnt be a problem, except some missions can take up to 30 minutes to complete. So if you die at the end, its the most frusturating thing ever."
,Recommended,235540,18739298,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"Vermintide is an excellent 4 player co-op 1st person shooter with very satisfying melee and ranged combat.It looks beautiful and the voice acting is fantastic. It offers strong replayability insentives through its looting and crafting systems.The game is easy to get into, but it is not an easy game. You will die. A lot. Stick together and watch each other's backs."
76561197962771544,Not Recommended,235540,18856464,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Oginbogin,After putting all the settings to minimum my CPU is still strugling. After 3-4 games the computer crash on high CPU temperature. Not able to play this game as it will burn up my computer. On forums there are plenty of people with the same problem.
76561197967214022,Not Recommended,235540,18798221,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SelflessHero,"I enjoyed Vermintide at first.  Slowly, my enjoyment was brought down by two things and two things aloneFirst and foremost, is of course, loot.  The game has loot.  It wants you to get loot.  But it doesn't want to give you loot.  It wants you to run the same map 30 times to get something that might make the game a small bit easier.  For me, I dealt with it, but it certainly impacted my enjoyment of the game.Second, it doesn't use the AI director that was so intelligent in L4D.  The AI director in Vermintide will randomly decide, you need to die.  In the first 30 seconds in one game, 3 packmasters and an ogre were dropped on us.  We hadn't even fought our first horde yet.  This wasn't a response to use being so good, this was it just suddenly deciding we needed to die.In another game, we received two specials the entire time.  Only two.  There is no guidance to how it decides to spawn it's forces.  This isn't a DM who wants to see you struggle and prevail.  This is Dewey with a shovel standing over your anthill.  Pray he doesn't smite you randomly."
76561197983832617,Recommended,235540,26433856,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,waluffi,Yep It is a Left 4 Dead with more meele focus. Which works out quite good if you ask me.The game delivers exacly what it offers within the trailers.All the negativ reviews complaining about the free content Fatshark throws at us are not really helpfull in my eyes.The Quest & Contracts added a nice daylie quest system into the game.It is a game where you farm alot and progress over the higher difficulties. If you like that and like a challenge it is a good game worth the price. Grab some friends and play this fun coop.
,Not Recommended,235540,26602207,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,47Haven,"I want to love this game, i really do, but no matter how i try to look at this game, it's lacking.First of all, i went and dropped the game for a while since i was getting bored of the grinding system and lack of players back then in SEA servers, and that was on it's first build.I came back after seeing that the loot system was fixed, giving you better rewards if you play on higher difficulty (which was almost a year after the game was released btw), and i find that it's still the same old game.The problem with Co-Op games like this one, L4D, Payday 2, or those sorts, is that you're much better off playing with other players. Now here is where this game main problem lies: playerbase.I'm located in SEA, and playerbase is a recurring problem throughout of my games, but this game took it to another level. Finding games is hard, and since back then there's no lobby search, you're really lucky to get a lobby. Now with the lobby search is a thing, there's not a lot of people playing as well, and those who plays are either grouped up in a lobby, password protect the lobby, or quits after someone joins.Alright then, playing alone it is then!Nope. The bots isn't quite smart, and playing with bots is an absolute chore, since they let themselves get surrounded, get ambushed, does not avoid the big guy, and the worst of it all, their stats is the same as a human player. In Payday 2, while they can't do anything good except revive you, at the very least they can be a bullet sponge. In this game, bots can't do anything effectively except revive you, and they get downed as quick as yourself.And there's no mods that can fix this.So if the core gameplay is lacking, what else it is to say?It also doesn't help that the equipment plays an important part as well. If you don't have high rarity weapon, you can't do much on higher difficulty, but if you play lower difficulty, you can't get high rarity weapon. Sure one of the update now gives you more control over the RNG, but it's still a major grind to get what you need, and since grinding requires you to play a game, and there's little to no playerbase at times, how can you grind properly?TL;DR Buy this on sale and if you have regular friends playing it. If not, don't bother"
,Not Recommended,235540,18793188,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chibe,"The concept of this game is great, but the execution was poor. The melee ranges of the skaven are roughly 5 times as long as they should be. The pathing of enemies is atrocious, and frequently you will have skaven clumping together on top of one another, making a skaven ""meatball"". Also, good luck killing an ogre when 4-5 skaven clip inside him. Also, the special enemies can hit you through walls no matter how thick they are. Add to that the laggy online play, the severe framerate drops throughout the levels, and you are left with a buggy, unoptimized game. Due to all these reasons, I cannot recommend this game until it sees some much needed polish."
76561197964866568,Recommended,235540,18701442,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"This game is... Buggy. It can crash, it can give BSOD, can make your character stuck and suck very much with a bad team of players.Than again, IF everything goes right and the team is good, on higher difficulties it is just pure 100% fun.It's fantasy L4D game. A little bit like Dragon Age Inquisition multiplayer on top of it maybe.The grind is real, the weapons are limited, but they are enough to keep you going for a little while.Most of the issues are constantly beeing worked on. So even while the game is released, it still FEELS like a work in progress.I would still say it's worth it to buy it. With all the issues I would still rate it about 8/10 as of now - and there are promisses of further development.What is worth mentioning - the game is P2P, meaning NO DEDICATED SERVERS. This CAN be an issue. Games WILL be broken because of that. And if you live in a more secluded place (say, Poland, or even more exotic) you may find it difficult to find players if it is YOU who are hosting, since players will auto-connect to the nearest location, not best ping or connection quality.If you know there will be few people playing the game in your country, I would seriously suggest removing a point or two from the score. At least I FELT like that."
76561197982621269,Not Recommended,235540,23635147,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Red-Wolf,"Pros:Co-op is great with friends.Gameplay is fun.Warhammer environment and art style.Challenging Game play.Cons:Buggy.....infuriatingly so.Kinda grindy, in that good gear can take hours.If you don't have any friends to play with, it can be VERY tough to find a competent substitute online.Summary:I love this game. But...I cant reccomend it in its current form. Though it is fun, when it works and definately a blast with friends. Fighting like mad through a level just to have the game crash 3/4's of the way through or actually finishing a mission to roll a green item as loot for the 16th time...just isn't fun.Personally, having really liked the Left for Dead play-style and difficult games with item progression like Dark Souls, I like the challenge Vermintide offers and I could suffer it's loot system, as it gives a real feeling of value to the drops, but....I'd have to say pass on this game. The bugs are too much."
76561198069134292,Recommended,235540,18642757,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Korky,"Its a first person co-op hack, slash, shoot and destroy with magic game set in the Warhammer world. A well very executed version of this sort of game. Warhammer is dark fantasy setting and tends to be unforgiving. This keeps the tension high as luck plays an important part. Some tactics and skill are needed at the lower levels and probably divine intervention for the hardest difficulties. The roleplaying elements are spartan: ytou don't get more powerful simply by grinding, you need to up your game.A minor quible is that some trikets are a joke: there is one which has a 2% chance of inflicting a deadly poison on an enemy. Seriously, there are two kinds of enemies the ones you can and need to kill in seconds max and the few (yes rat ogres, I'm talking about you) who are rare and frankly hoping one in 50 is going to drop dead after you stab it is not a game cahnger. Asuming the trinket works on them. NOt an issue for me, I am just assuming it is all part of the dark humour of the game world.Lot's of fun with budies."
,Recommended,235540,29310615,Posted: 16 January,all,muscles marinara,like bad rats with guns
,Recommended,235540,18749290,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,magiks,"honestly this is tiers above l4d gameplay-wise, and is an absolute blast to play with a group of friends. it's suitably challenging but it never feels extremely unfair, and most missions are pretty much the perfect length, though the campaign as a whole is a bit short. replaying missions has its merits as there's a loot system that allows you to get new weapons, trinkets, and hats, though this can be problematic as it's pretty heavily stacked against you. in my playtime i've only ever managed to get one item for the class i actually play, and there's no trading system so if my friends get stuff i could use and i get stuff they could use, everyone is just out of luck. the only other issue i've encountered frequently is some weird ai problems, aggro functions really oddly and you can end up having every enemy on the screen hit you at once and go from full health to practically no health, and enemies also have a habit of getting stuck in place and doing nothing. hordes also function oddly, as you can play a mission and not experience a single horde attack, and then you can play the same mission and have to deal with one every minute or two. however, despite the inconsistencies, the online has worked really well for me, there's a surprising amount of depth and variety in the combat with a bunch of classes who all have several playstyles, and i've had more fun with this game in co-op than i have had with Most Other co-op games in general. however the friendly ai is pretty much braindead so make sure to have friends who own it first"
76561197999762129,Recommended,235540,27173134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SamTMJ,"Don't let this game's detractors fool you. This is probably one of, if not THE best co-op game ever! It has challenged and since then altered my perception of what constituted the standard of ""cooperation"" for co-op games.No doubt there is the perception of lack of content and numerous annoying bugs, however these have been slowly but surely addressed by Fatshark. These aren't game breaking bugs and in fact some add extra challenge to the already inherent difficulty.A typical player can easily rack up a hundred hours in this game. That is an indication of the content and abundant replayability in Vermintide (that or player fanatics). The game has 2 game modes (aka Story and Survival) in 17+ maps   with 5 classes, each having a multitude of melee & ranged weapons. There are so many possible combination of playthroughs to keep the co-op experience alive and unique.Due to Vermintide having a heavily player-skill-based melee system coupled with the possibility of ramping up the difficulty all the way to suit the player, it is both easy to learn yet hard to master. Forget about starting in anything less than Normal or Hard, you'll only fool yourself into burning through the content quickly. Ultimately, this game was designed to be played on the NIGHTMARE difficulty.To me, Vermintide is an unforgettable flurry of intense action, great music, epic moments, interesting backstory and fantastic co-op experience which I'll always cherish.I've met and made some of my best Steam friends through the gameplay whom I'll trust to guard my back in ANY other co-op game. THAT is how dependent this game is on sticking to each other and working together, which is like probably the 2nd commandment after ""right click"". I even bought my very first gaming headset for Vermintide just so I could use the mike to better communicate in-game.Unlike other co-op games, there is completely no room for the elements of self-survival, highest kill-count competition (and the accompanying ""money"" rewards per ""round""), showboating, camping, griefing or other nonsense. Please don't go looking for that kind of experience in this game. Vermintide co-op is all about working together as a team to ensure everyone stays alive to complete the mission.Maybe you are so used to camping safely in a corner and ""stealing"" zombie kills from your team mates with your grenade launcher to get highest kill count. Maybe your modus operandi is modeled after some badass ""lone-wolf"" elite-special-forces-ghost-sniper-warrior capable of taking out half the enemy army himself with little support from anyone. In which case then I challenge you to consider buying this to treat yourself to a real paradigm shift.The biggest negative is that the vast majority of the early playerbase have probably exhausted the content / gameplay and are feeling ""burned out"". Therefore in Non-NA regions, there is probably a great shortage of available players.Overall, Vermintide is well worth the money spent on both the base game and its DLC(s). I mean come on, for that price - what were you expecting? Most AAA games costing thrice the price are exhausted in 30+ hours of gameplay with little multiplayer to offer. Solve the player base issue by buying Vermintide with 3 or more of your closest friends!"
76561197969987635,Recommended,235540,18514185,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Recluse All Knight,"If you liked LFD this is essential, great co-op"
76561198037571348,Recommended,235540,21157554,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Gurkdurn,Seems like a good game. Needs friends though
,Recommended,235540,20840531,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,jericho,"Great co-op game set in the Warhammer fantasy universe that improves a lot on Left 4 Dead's mechanics.-Juicy combat, lots of variety in levels, different types and tiers of weapons, trinkets.-Collecting tomes and grimoires for extra challenge and reward.-Dice rolls at the end of the level that detirmine your loot depending on the difficulty and books you've collected.-Really cool dark fantasy vibe that has a lot of Warhammer lore as its backbone and awesome character voiceacting work-Update/patch support!Love it and would recommend for anyone who's into anything co-op."
,Recommended,235540,19406609,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mom?,"Awesome game, 4 play co-op with the bonus of being able to level up your character and collect loot at the end of each mission. Loot system is well thought-out and fun, however the game needs more maps in the near future."
76561198016997891,Recommended,235540,19061408,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,spifomie,"I cannot highly recommend this game enough.Are you a fan of satisfying and viceral melee combat?Do you like the L4D objective and special infected style?Do you like having different classes/character/loot which radically change your gameplay style?If you answered yes to any of these, I would recommend getting this game. At the price point of 30 dollars, it is a steal. On normal, the entire game will take you 4-6 hours to simply complete all the levels available on first go. However, due to the loot, and the increased difficulty of hard/nightmare/cataclysm, and of the hidden tome/grimoires on each level to find, you will want to come back and play more. Even 70 hours in im still finding new areas I haven't noticed on prior playthroughs.The combat itself is incredibly satisfying. Every weapon acts differently, and the grusome decapitation and dismemberment of rat men will never get old. The special skaven make it so that sticking together is a necessity, and yet still incredibly challenging. Add in the fact of the random spawns, and each playthrough of the same map will always turn out differently, and sometimes really crank up the difficulty when a skaven patrol rounds the corner at the worst possible time.Also count in the fact that the developer has announced a massive free DLC pack for new weapons/features december 3rd, this is worth your time to purchase and have a great time.The game is brought down to the fact of numerous bugs (although quite small, only few times have I noticed game/match ending bugs, maybe 3 times), but only by a small amount. Also, a bit of lackluster netcode makes it incredibly annoying when the host leaves, forcing the entire mission to restart from the beginning. When playing with friends however, this is never a problem.Overall, if your a fan of the warhammer universe, 9/10. If your not a fan, 8/10.A very solid and engaging game, which cruel RNG loot system will make you come crawling back for more, brought down only by the fact of small bugs littering the game like so much skaven filth."
,Recommended,235540,18698013,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Res,"It's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece, I really have no other way to describe it. Essentially take the best elements of Left 4 Dead, mix it with Diablo esque RPG gameplay, the dark world of Warhammer and mash it all together in a glorious concoction and you get Vermintide.A game that truly requires teamwork to play, it challenges you and kicks your♥♥♥♥♥when it wants to. Running off alone will get you murdered."
76561197972291669,Recommended,235540,18639149,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Inf,"L4D with loot, leveling and a focus on melee plus Warhammer immersion. Love this game."
,Recommended,235540,26771939,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shamrock132,Best Coop since L4D2
76561197993203659,Recommended,235540,18579167,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Coriiz,very fun Single player game what with the absolute lack of communication among the playerbase Voip off by default and a staunch refusal met often with mockery for suggesting people turn it on. i personally love the game when you can find people who are willing to play the game Cooperatively but they are few and far between so my advice if you get the game is to learn to enjoy playing with either with bots or people as silent as them
76561198033405262,Recommended,235540,26844168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Henne,"This might just be the most atmospheric Warhammer Fantasy game out on the market. The visuals and voice acting are on point. If you have been on the lookout for a good Warhammer themed game for a while and/or love cooperative games to play with a few friends, this game is absolutely for you!"
,Recommended,235540,28617537,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Valayvis,"Vermintide is an amazing spiritual successor to Left For Dead and Left For Dead 2. The game in a lot of ways is a cutout and reskinned copy of the afore mentioned but does it in a way that doesn't feel contrived which is quite an achievement given the similarities.But what do I mean from that? Well there are similar enemies, combat mechanics and short linear missions lasting around 30 minutes to an hour depending on how good you are, though it can easily last longer if things go bad. However where Vermintide sets itself apart is in the character progression system, the hero system that the character progression is structured around and the much higher focus on melee combat as oppossed to ranged combat.It's well worth getting, this game is outrageously fun with your friends, every bit as much as Left 4 Dead but with the benefit of a modern engine, far better graphics and a lot of small additions to make the game an entirely new experience for those people who loved Left 4 Dead but want something new.10/10."
,Recommended,235540,28903768,Posted: 1 January,all,Heartbeat94,"By the power vested in me, by the Holy Order of the Templars of Sigmar, and by the Holy Church of Sigmar, I decree this game worthy to be owned and played by any citizen. The order has found no trace of Chaos or any unholy magic in this game. The strangers you met here are less likely to be toxic. The gameplay had improved a lot since its release. In addition, Its holiday Adventkalendar is a nice treat for every citizen."
76561198010634540,Recommended,235540,18566339,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Greenleaf,"Vermintide, with the horde style AI that will never give you a break, is a fun, action fighting game you can play with your friends while having a strategy and working together to complete the mission and extra quests on the map if you're brave enough. Been having fun and have run into little problems so far. Cant wait to see what comes out next."
,Recommended,235540,21346358,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jrich523,"By far one of the most fun games I've played. I really like the game dynamics here. I wish there was a town as a starting point (more open world) and the missions had a little bit better story line to it, but this way it allows them to easly make additions to the game, and they have. They have been releasing good patches at a fairly steady pace."
,Recommended,235540,18641704,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Marcus Helius,"Fun game, plays a lot like Left 4 Dead.Loot system is pretty random but very rewarding when you get your first exotic weapon from a mission!Graphics are great, physics are better, you can spear a couple of rats with a single arrow and pin them to the wall!You can hack limbs and heads off the ratmen hoards or blow them up with magic or powder kegs!The 'loot' system in the game is rewarding if you take take the risk and added danger in completing a hard difficulty mission, while collecting tomes that take up item slots and grimoires that reduce everyones health.These items give you increased rarity of the item you are rewarded at the end of a game."
76561197971284864,Recommended,235540,20159277,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,adko,A good game and a lot of fun.  Its Left4Dead with rats with the oiginal bad AI where they go sight seeing at the crucial point of a battle.  Still its entertaining and worth a tenner as and when it drops that far.
76561197987906217,Recommended,235540,18572312,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,R@id3n,If you like Killing Floor 1 or 2 this is much much better
76561197999734030,Recommended,235540,29025101,Posted: 4 January,all,RubyEclipse,Pretty fun game for bite-sized but challenging co-op. Especially fun if you're with friends online or in the same room!
,Recommended,235540,20761799,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Binoculars,When did Bat Rats get a graphic update??
76561198131659799,Recommended,235540,18634844,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PressQ,"I was curious about the game for a while, then when I saw they were doing a Reddit AMA I thought perfect, gives me a chance to find out more about it. The dev team is amazing, very friendly people and really involved with the community. Then there was one question the CEO answered that made me buy the game without hesitation.Paladia said ""Warhammer has mostly been known for low quality games as of late. What made you go with that license?""fatshark_martin responded with ""We really love Warhammer Fantasy.""So stop reading reviews and just go and buy it. Great co op, amazing melee combat and hilarious dialogue. Even as a beta it feels more finished than most of the games I've played lately. 10/10 would fights as a Scottish Elf again."
76561197960426191,Recommended,235540,28819382,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,goes2eleven,I was never a Left 4 dead fan so when this was recommended to me I was hesitent to buy it.  I've played for about 12 hours now and I'm really enjoying myself!
76561198089502683,Recommended,235540,18582444,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jon Snow,"Gorey, chaotic, sheer enjoyment!"
,Recommended,235540,18638397,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AdrenA,"One of the best games I've played this year and it's become my favorite co-op game ever. Awesome graphics, sounds and most importantly, gameplay. You feel each blow and every weapon has weight to it. Incredible addicting loot system will keep you hooked. I really reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,235540,18566153,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,hmb,"Very fun co-op FPS action/adventure game. Very impressed with my overall experience during the beta. If you like Left 4 Dead, Killing Floor, or Call of Duty Zombies then this game will be a great addition to your collection. Variety of different classes, random loot to enhance your characters, and alot of replayability!Check out the game atleast, but make sure you bring your friends along on the journey as this game is ment to be played with friends."
,Recommended,235540,18642066,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,talking_goat,"One of the most detailed and interesting games I've ever played, and the best horde co-op game in existence hands-down."
,Recommended,235540,18639174,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Chr0n4s,Very good game. It's like Killing Floor and Left 4 Dead together.10/10
,Recommended,235540,18738507,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kalhevki,"Rats,Magic,Gun powderDwarf shotguns.10/10 would be Left 4 rats again."
76561198023173918,Recommended,235540,18662515,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Stephano,"I launched into my first mission on normal difficulty, and my team began to move swiftly through the streets, quickly dispatching the small packs of rats scattered about. VerminTIDE? ""These measly packs are no where near a tide."" I thought to myself. Thats when i heard the warhorn. The ratmen poured over every wall, out of every alley, and out of a sewer access that i didn't even see, they were everywhere, my team was got separated amidst the chaos, and a skaven packmaster snagged one of my teamates and began to drag him to his doom. A poisen throwing skaven threw in a vile brew, reducing our visibility to a disgusting green gas, luckily I was able to slice my way through the hordes of skaven and out of the gas, however one of my teammates was less fortunate and went down. I quickly busted out my healing drought and chugged it, regaining some health, the situation was looking grim. It got worse. I heard a loud angry roar and turned around. A rat ogre was barreling toward me and my last standing teammate, knocking aside and lesser skavens unfortunate enough to get into it's path, punching my ally directly in his face and upper body (it has very big fists) and sending my ally flying back into the horde where he became surrounded by the horde. The poisen skaven decided to through another poisen flask into the chaos, finishing my ally, and blinding me. I ran out of the green nastiness only to come face to face with the ogre, who did some naughty, naughty things to my bum, and we were defeated. A spectacular experience that plays similarly to left for dead, but is far more unforgiving. An absolutely fantastic co-op game.Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Game: 9/10"
,Recommended,235540,18649687,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Xerxeth,Satisfying and solid campaign. If you're a fan of L4D & Warhammer then don't hesitate to pick this one up.
,Recommended,235540,18773271,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Azekil,"After a few levels I got a staff that allowed me to rapidly throw fireballs, my deaths have increased rapidly.not watching my overcharge bar/10"
76561198058200812,Recommended,235540,18715891,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AftertheTitanic,"""I feel like a Nazi killing all this vermin"" - Random steam guyIt's pretty much L4D but if like me you enjoy slaughtering rats more than zombies with a over-sized hammer as a dwarf than with a crowbar and a black guyits super fun 11/10"
,Recommended,235540,18525355,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Blazecr0nic,"the game is just awsome its fun, action paked and got a cool loot system and it realy looks good"
,Recommended,235540,18717883,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Плоппя,"Holy sigmar, bless this videogame"
76561198055524788,Recommended,235540,30499929,Posted: 13 March,all,HentaiGoblin,An absolute ton of fun with friends
76561198045845476,Recommended,235540,18668368,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Doombreed,"After spending ONE WHOLE HOUR IN THIS GAME i do say its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it its terrible 0/10 ~ign BLAH BLAH BLAH.But in all honesty this game is fun. Its a good laugh with mates, sure some pubs are dumb but you just pick em up brush em down and go stab more rats.Give it a go! But remeber people with 1 hour game play = master reviewers!"
,Recommended,235540,18562274,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fyroan,warhammer fantasy may be dead (thanks age of skubmar) but its legacy will live oncombat is solid with great variation in weapons (both ranged and melee)the skaven are perfectly overwhelming and each unique skaven is harder but not unfairdifficulties ramp up well and secrets are hidden cleverlyall in all it is great to play
76561198034308939,Recommended,235540,19038572,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,twitch.tv/wiggly_diggly,"First and for most, If youre a fan of Chivalry/Borderlands/Left for Dead/ and a challenge/ buy this game****RANT**** Everyone always complains about the loot system and that the game is very ""grindy"". Listen here ♥♥♥♥♥es, the loot system works perfectly fine, Of course youre not going to get exotic weapons without tomes and grimours playing on easy. And yes, you're probably going to get a weapon for a different class that you havent played yet. Instead of complaining, how about trying a different class? WOWZA. and the game is only grindy if you make it grindy. Yes, you can milk weapons from the Horn of Magnus but that doesnt make the game grindy. YOU make the game grindy ****RANT***TL;DR Loot system is fine as long as you accept a challengeGame is not grindy unless you make it grindyother than that, It's a great game with a lot of stuff to do and very distinct play styles per class.only legitimate issue with the game is that not enough people play.."
,Recommended,235540,18923241,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,!!MIKE    ! ! !    STINK!!,"This is an excellent game about slaughtering ratmen that I hope becomes an excellent game about slaughtering orcs, beastmen, dark elves, the forces of chaos, aztec frogdemons etc. The core gameplay loop is radical, the mission types are split into a) long missions w/ badass set pieces and b) shorter bitesize missions you could dip into on a lunch break. i think the loot system could use a touch of refinement maybe, but i still think its fun to see what i get. also it looks freaking gorgeous a lot of the time!"
76561198038443987,Recommended,235540,19063152,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,DTakz,"Yes, it has some bugs and the AI for the bots it's completely stupid, but the game is damn great, all the mechanics are well done and the difficulty system really makes for a good challenge"
76561198007187663,Recommended,235540,18877944,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bromel,"Vermintide is Intense. 4 player Co-Op. Hack, Slash, Block and Shoot your way through hundreds of Skaven (Rat Men). Cutting off heads, and limbs. Cutting Skaven in half, All in a first person shooter setting. Just intense almost non stop action. Different enemy types require differnt means of dispatching them, Armored units requiring head shots ect. Makes every battle different and keeps your party on their toes when in combat.Item rewards such as weapons and trinkets keep you coming back for more. Playing to get the best weapons and the trinkets that boost or defend your character and play style the best. The forge allows you to combine trash weapons and Fuse them into something better. You can also smelt down special weapons to ore and use that to unlock upgrades on your higher tier weapons. Such as a chance to heal the user when killing with that weapon, or replenish your ammo from using that weapon, and even a chance to instantly slay an enemy of any size.Takes some work and a lot of killing to get the best items and become the ultimate killing hero. But when you do master the Normal difficulty there are 3 more levels to challenge you. Hard, Nightmare, and Catyclism. Each providing higher end rewards for the increased difficulty.The game is new but it has an endless possibility of growth in the future. Such as new characters to play, and new campaigns. Currently there are 3 Acts, each with 4 missions in each Act. But all this is waring agains the Skaven. A campaign against the Green Skins (Orcs) could be next.If you like non-stop action. Intense hack and slash killing with friends. With many levels of difficulty for the best of the best gamers. This game is for you."
76561198086087452,Recommended,235540,29531418,Posted: 27 January,all,CyberDown,"Good and satisfying melee combat, and the focus is nearly entierly on melee.  Decent loot system but is far too reliant on RNG....if your looking for a good set of one weapon type it gets maddening trying to aquire it...its all based on luck.  Contract system is good in theory but often leaves you looking for games that dont exist, and making your own...well you better be ok to solo it with a band of mentally challanged AI...game lobby based since match finder is one of the worst ive ever seen and doesnt even work.  not that many people play these days, but certainly enough...NA peak times its well populated....off hours it can be rough.  Lots of matches full of people who assume someone else is going to carry the match and hand them a victory means lots and lots of time wasted in a game you end up leaving or playing for 30min for a failure."
,Recommended,235540,29082357,Posted: 7 January,all,Luisfius,"Left 4 Rats.But not a  bad thing, that. It has pretty good melee, and the firearms/ranged weapons  feel VERY nice, unlike L4D, where I never liked  the melee, and I thought the shotguns were ridiculously underwhelming.Play with friends, play with random  people. It gets FUN.Definitely a fun game. Recommended.Typos. For some reason my keyboard is dropping  the letter a."
,Recommended,235540,18685236,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The A-tron,"I really enjoy this game. It plays basically exactly like Left4Dead but the is much more focus on melee and they added loot to give you an RPG progression feel. The level design is just amazing, and the graphics are really nice. They really nailed the look of everything, it feels like I am in the Warhammer universe. A must buy for anyone who is a fan of Warhammer Fantasy."
,Recommended,235540,18574131,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ghost,"gonna be honest, when I saw the gameplay for this I thought it looked bad. I was completley wrong, with the 3 maps in the beta completing them within a hour i still found myself playing for almost 6 more hours.... With what little is in the beta and it was able to keep me playing the same map over and over I am very excited for release,( I uninstalled the battlefront beta after the 2nd round for how boring it was, if this tells you anything about how bored i can get )________________________________________________________________________________There is only a few problems i have encountered so far, not really any different then what has already been said, Don't like the host crashing, and if the host of the game you enter has a bad connection you will suffer some BADDDD ping, but this is only on occasion it happens but not very very often.honestly if you like L4D, and like RPG style games, Loot based games, please get this, not very often is really fun pc game released anymore, ""were"" so worried about graphics and not gameplay, but this has both, very very fun, Support companies that actually release fun games!"
76561198029089010,Recommended,235540,20750173,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Beelzebub,"""The righteous feel no pain, be you unrighteous?""-Victor Saltzpyre, my new role-model"
,Recommended,235540,20891593,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Wulffrik,Awsome game lots of fun! The Storyline is amazing cause it is nice to see Warhammer Old World from a First Person view and I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed Left for Dead or any other hack and slash game. Btw the feel of this game is very nice gameplay wise.
76561198086566438,Recommended,235540,21309274,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[ANDY] BitchesLoveCannons,"good game, L4D but with swords"
76561198035098953,Recommended,235540,18669271,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tyler_Steadfast,is fun and play it lots thank u for ur time
76561197985483054,Recommended,235540,20835055,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dandy,"Fun game with good groups, not so fun with stressed/bad grps."
76561197987024451,Recommended,235540,19881429,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Deck,"A great game overall. 4 player online co-op where you play one of five heroes of the Warhammer Fantasy universe as they fight through hordes of Skaven (giant rats) in order to stop the Vermintide. Each character has different weapons available to them, and as you complete missions you roll the dice to unlock new and stronger weapons.As of Dec. 2015 there's no Versus mode where one team controlls the rats, but the game is getting more updates in the future (confirmed combination of paid and free DLC) so who knows what possibilities lay in store."
76561198006306720,Recommended,235540,20879362,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DAR,"A combination of L4D and WH: Fantasy that polishes the L4D experience with far better melee, characters with different play styles, and a loot system to keep players coming back. This is my GOTY for 2015. Then again, this is the only game from 2015 I have played and I am a WH fan. Regardless, this is a gem that shouldn't be overlooked."
76561197986706741,Recommended,235540,18585894,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Evil Unitato-Noid,"This is pretty much what happens nine months after you put Left4Dead and Warhammer Fantasy into a room, turn the light down, pour them some wine, turn some soft music on and close the door. It's gory, it's grimm and it's hard as it is fun.If you  like Warhammer or L4D or melee combat...or killing stuff, or killing stuff with other stuff, you're going to enjoy this one.However you won't like it if you're not able resist the urge to smash your screen in when you lose a level. And you will lose. Often. But as with anything Warhammer, losing is fun!"
,Recommended,235540,30697958,Posted: 23 March,all,Morfias Arkadian,What can I say? I love killing rats :P
,Recommended,235540,21423515,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,The Türtleman,Left 4 Dead + Warhammer + Rats = Great Game.
,Recommended,235540,18730284,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GreenJelly MIC,"The game is now stable, there is a few DLC which are reasonably priced and allow you to play the DLC even if your friend doesn't have it.  So, its a 4 Player PVE Co-Op.  Teamwork is a must, cover your friends and make sure you get some good gear.  I really enjoy Co-Op games more then Versus so I am abit skewed and having this in the Warhammer universe is perfect.  I play the DWARF!"
76561198003867532,Recommended,235540,21692075,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Delta Smoke 01,"*Re-Writen review after the ""Last Stand"" DLC finally realeased 2 months after it was promised.Combat system in the game overall is great. This is by far and away the best feature of this game.There is currently absolutely no incentive to finish the game. You could literally have the best possible gear without ever moving on from level one. Everyone plays Horn of magnus (the first level) as every weapon and hat (the only unlockables) are just as available here as in other maps (easier in fact as everyone knows how to complete level one).Nightmare and cataclysm difficulties are a real challenge, but again, people just play the first level because it's easier to succede.Sigmars blessing ""Free DLC""Obviously a feature that wasn't ready for release, as all it added was a shrine that allowed the exchange of tokens for weapons. Infact, even in this ""free DLC"" form, the shrine still had 2/3 feature greyed out with ""to be added in the near future"" slapped on it.Last Stand DLCThis dlc added horde mode, and also the additions to the shrine that should have been in the game from the get go.The horde mode is fun, but becomes instantly stale having only one map to play it on. The map itself is recycled from................you guessed it..................The first F@@@ing level of the game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It literally is the market square from level one with a few wooden carts and tents dotted here and there. There is another map if you buy the ""DLC"" that only requires one player to have the dlc for the lobby to play it, which is a cool idea, but after playing it, I now know why this is. It simply isn't worth the time playing, let alone PAYING.I played for 2 rounds each lasting 20 mins and was rewarded a pathetic 50/70 tokens. It's like the devs of this game are deluded into thinking people will play this game in the long run. They wont. Fact. The structure of this game means you will play it, love it, swiftly become bored of it, and finally forget about it. Such a shame, as this title had some real potential.Updated review score  6/10Worth a play with your friends, but don't be surprised if you become disillusioned with it fairly quickly."
76561198070544899,Recommended,235540,23255525,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lunk,"I like the game, it's something you can always play and feel good about chopping down the hordes. Grinding can be a pain but I hope the quest system fixes it, only major complain is that every once in a while the game crashes (epicly) so I would of course, like to see the devs put a halt on dlc making and bring us those fixes.Remember devs, a happy community gives better reviews :)"
76561197987245857,Recommended,235540,23336557,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DeanF,"Absolutely love this game! Its so much fun killing Skaven; and the way they move and act is very amusing. The voice acting is also outstanding!The majority of the players I have played with have always been team players and very helpful. Great community!Not experienced many problems with finding games or players to join my lobby.I love Left for Dead, but this is so much more satisfying to play. If you like Left for Dead and Fantasy/Warhammer then look no further."
,Recommended,235540,23282179,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Randy Butternubs™,"TL;DR Wait a bit until it's on sale and when some bugs are fixed.I played this game when it was on a free-weekend and I loved it. I liked the classes and what they had with them/what they could unlock, and how you could mix and match stuff to find the thing you liked most. People have been saying that this is basically L4D2 but with rats and.... They're damn right and I love it. My problem with the game is that some weapons didn't feel what I think would be right, such as a 2-handed hammer bouncing off regular rats with a regular attack, and some of the bugs that I've witnessed being ""Patched"" but people still saying that it hasn't been patched, like how some rats would be invisible for everyone but the host. Is it worth 30 dollars? I don't know, I haven't gotten too far in the game so I don't know how many missions there are. Once some of the bugs are fixed I'll probably pick it up and have some fun with it again."
,Recommended,235540,23745634,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jackhamma,"Excellent game and one you can tell the devs put love into this game as well as love for the Warhammer franchise. The evnironments for example are beautiful, while the dialogue between the characters is various and is generated from actions you'd wouldn't expect, such as the characters ""stealing kills"" from each other or from missing targets when throwing a bomb.The gameplay is addicting, which is surprising because one would usally expect that for a game that revolves around melee combat the animation and feel would get repittive. However this is not the case in that the animations done for the weapons when hitting an enemy are incredibly satisfying, there is a weight and feel to the weapons when stirking the Skaven in this game. I can tell you that there is a very unique satisfaction in killing +5 rats with a great sword or two handed hammer with one long swing, only to do it again and again due to the massive horde of rats that try to swarm the players in the game.I'd recommend this game to players who aren't even familiar with the Warhammer Fantasy franchise. It's fun, has depth, replayability."
,Recommended,235540,20021128,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Takamori,"I recommend it because it gave several hours of fun with my friends. But that's the thing, only buy this game if you have 2-3 people to play along with or you won't enjoy it at all, teamwork is a key element in this game.The melee combat is superb, the art direction is according to the theme used and the character IMO feels they are in their right place.The bad thing is the content feels too short, if you don't wanna farm weapons or see the other difficulties. in one seat you are going to end this game. The final ""boss"" felt very anti climatic, hope in the next content patch they actually start giving real boss fights, the game mechanics allows it and there is no reason to leave it without it."
76561198061461280,Recommended,235540,18869945,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gunner,"KILL THE RATS!!!!!Awesome spiritual successor to the Left for Dead Series, wonderfully set in End Times Warhammer Universe. SIGMAR BE PRAISED"
,Recommended,235540,20409714,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Hiul,"The Optimisation is Horrible. I can barely run the game on the lowest graphics and 640x480 ressolution. I couldnt seem to find any support for this problem other than things I have already done. I did notice a large FPS drop when Light Sources were on screen.The Bots are just.... useless. I dont know how to deviate on that any further.The gamplay would be quite awsome, were it not for my shity comp.I will recommend this game Yes, just because it is in Beta. I just wouldnt get this game now, if you have a crappy comp like me.A note to devs: Please find ways of optimising this game, cause right now I am torn between getting a steam refund, or waiting for it to be updated quite a bit."
76561197983677430,Recommended,235540,18603402,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shinebox,"Like Left 4 Dead or Painkiller but with loot. Game is great fun to play, my only complain is that if your team dies you get absolutely nothing for your time. Just sucks if someone does 1 stupid thing to mess it all up. The community is supportive and growing! Over 10k people on right now. Come and join us!"
,Recommended,235540,24041559,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Witness,"Let me first say, this game is not for everyone. I'm saddened to see the ""Mixed"" rating for Recent reviews. This game is extremely niche and has some issues, some of which are serious. It's not perfect. Furthermore, the niche nature of the game I mentioned earlier will probably be extremely alienating to some people. As a disclaimer, I do not know much about the Warhammer universe (like, I don't even know if the futuristic and fantasy Warhammer universes are even connected.) I know NOTHING about Warhammer beyond bits and pieces of info I've picked up over my life, and this is the first Warhammer game I've ever purchased.That said, this game is amazing, and I love it dearly. I wish I realized what a complete and total exact clone of Left 4 Dead this game is when it was released; and let's be clear here, the skeleton of this game is identical to Left 4 Dead. If you, like me, got into the super nerdy aspects of Left 4 Dead, like understanding the mechanics to a disgusting degree, figuring out how spawning works, using audio queues to best respond to your situation, etc... you will LOVE this game. This game actually *improves* on many of the design aspects of Left 4 Dead, and the intricate nature of how so many complicated mechanics work together is where the infinite replayability of these games comes from.I may have 54 hours in this game as of this review, but I feel like I'm just scratching the surface. Yes, there are very few levels, just as there were in Left 4 Dead. If you plan to ""play through"" the game you will almost certainly feel ripped off, but this game is not intended to be played like that. This game is meant for us masochists which want to challenge *ourselves* and work towards that seemingly unattainable goal of mechanical mastery.Keep in mind I'm very new to this game. Yes, 54 hours in this game means you are new. This game is absolutely brutal and on the higher difficulties does not forgive laziness at all. You must be on top of your game at all times. This kind of masochism appeals to me and I know it appeals to many others. If it does not appeal to you, turn away, because playing all the content on easy would be a very quick and unsatisfying experience. This isn't an adventure game. I have no idea what ""genre"" I'd call L4D, but this game is essentially L4D3, and it's so, so glorious."
76561198021266871,Recommended,235540,24032906,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ArchAnge1LT,"Great teamwork game, a good successor for L4D, but with an upgrade: Warhammer universe and melee combat."
76561198034166641,Recommended,235540,18938686,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Super Kami Guru,"If Left 4 Dead and Chivalry: Medieval Warfare had a baby, this would be it."
,Recommended,235540,19951814,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Grunty,I quite love this game
,Recommended,235540,18697402,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bonehead,"EDIT- I will go on to say thathttp://steamcommunity.com/id/110230Roy brought up some issues he doesn't care for, and I think it wouldn't be bad to read his review as well. I'm someone who really enjoys this type of game, so I may be a bit biased towards the good things. He points out some of the negative aspects and has good reasons behind them. I would take a look at his review as well as any good reviews you read. Might help balance out what you think you're getting in to.This game is absolutely amazing. If you liked L4D2 and are a fan of killing things violently and with melee weapons, you'll love this game. It can be hard, it's fun, it's got plenty of loot / upgrades, it's got multiple characters.The maps are really open for a game of this type, allowing you to explore and gather more items for better loot!It really shines in the way each character is important, and teamwork is a MUST. Each and every character can be useful at range or up close depending on which weapons you equip and how you play.The only thing I want to see from this game is more of this game.... And a 40k version...."
,Recommended,235540,19068359,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,t0mlad,Must... kill... ratmen...
76561197994829556,Recommended,235540,20651576,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,bwizard,might want to release some new content once in a while and make the item system better and more crucial to character strength....
76561198008967614,Recommended,235540,20035940,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bastard'san,best warhammer game!
76561197970739339,Recommended,235540,24126091,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"A game I affectionally refer to as ""Left 4 Ratmen"", Vermintide is a stylish, four-player coop hack-and-slash set in the original Warhammer Fantasy setting. It is mechanically similar to Left 4 Dead in a number of ways, primarily in how it handles weapons and equipment in-game, as well as mission structure, and the use of an AI ""Director"" that influences when and where hordes or special enemies appear. However, combat is primarily melee-based and the melee system itself is much more complex then in L4D, but not to the extent of say, Chivalry. You can tap the left mouse button for a light swing or hold for a charged one, or hold right mouse to block, and press left while blocking to shove enemies back. Ranged weapons are available but ammunition for them is limited. You can also carry one healing item, either a self-healing potion or a medkit you can use either on yourself or others, as well as a single buff potion, either strength or speed.Here's the plot: It is the End Times in the Old World, and war besets the human Empire from all sides. The Skaven, vicious, treacherous rat-men, considered a myth by some and a mere annoyance by others, are pouring forth from underground to assault the Imperial city of Ubersreik. Its town guard slaughtered, the city's salvation now falls to a small band of Imperial warriors: witch hunter Victor Saltzpyre, sergeant Markus Kruber, and bright wizard Sienna Fuegonasus, as well as their nonhuman allies: wood elf waywatcher Kerillian and dwarf ranger Bardin Goreksson. Under the guidance of savvy innkeeper, they journey on a series of standalone misisons in an attempt to thwart the Skavens' efforts and support the surviving townsfolk.Aside from the melee system, Verminide defers from L4D primarily in its out-of-game mechanics: The missions are played individually instead of as a linked campaign, you earn experience from missions and level up, and you can configure your character's loadout of a melee weapon, ranged weapon and up to three trinkets that provide passive buffs. You recieve one new piece of equipment per level up or mission completed. At the end of a level, the game rolls a set of dice, with each face roll improving your odds of recieving better gear. You can find additional ""loot dice"" in missions, as well as special tomes or grimoires, which add dice at the end of a level. However, carrying a tome prevents you from carrying a health item and carrying a grimoire not only prevents you from carrying a buff poton but reduces the entire party's maximum health, but rewards a ""cursed die"" at level's end that guarentees a face-up roll. Loot is color-coded by rarity and rarer gear can come with passive buffs. Unfortunately, the table of gear you can recieve depends on the difficulty level you seleceted, and getting better gear all but requires you to play on a  higher difficulty then you are either equipped or practiced for: Vermintide's RNG god is a particular brand of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I personally haven't had much success on anything above hard, and there are another three difficulties past that.The Skaven come in a variety of forms, mostly the swarming clan and slave rats, but there are specialist rats that somewhat parallel the special infected of L4D in functionality: The Packmasters grab players and drag them away, Gutter-Runners pin players to the ground, Globadiers hurl damaging gas bombs, Ratling Gunners deal heavy ranged damage, Stormvermin are armored and can come in packs, and the rare but dangerous Rat-Ogre smashes and smacks players about. There is also the extremely rare Sack-Rat, which will actually run away from players but if killed drops useful equipment.Vermintide suffers somewhat in the longevity department: There are only so many levels, though the addition of a ""last stand"" mode and a story DLC containing three new levels somewhat alliviates this. Still, at the time of this writing there are few multiplayer lobbies that aren't farming for tomes on the first level, the Horn of Magnus, so if you'd like to play any other level you should probably bring friends."
76561197972326986,Recommended,235540,24126470,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,mustangsvtcobra,I tried this game during the free weekend and I enjoyed it enough to spend $20 on it.  I've gotten many hours of co-op fun with my friends so far so I feel I've gotten my money's worth.  Feels comparable to Left 4 Dead in terms of gameplay and overall level design.
,Recommended,235540,19156784,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Markie,It's an amazing game
76561198005237749,Recommended,235540,18556716,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tGodb,"Killing rats and being a Dwarf who looks slightly like Gimli, what could be better?"
76561198007172767,Recommended,235540,31144773,Posted: 14 April,all,Inneandar,"Not having any experience with co-op, it took a bit of time to get the hang of it. And then it took another era to put a review... but it is so good fun, I just have to give it the thumbs up"
,Recommended,235540,31110164,Posted: 12 April,all,Trashcan,"rats, rats, we are the rats.we stalk at night, we f.uck at night.we're the rats"
76561198068846791,Recommended,235540,28473465,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TSE JoE,Fun co-op game. Bring friends.
76561197973857528,Recommended,235540,28210740,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SpecterEdge,"The primary draw of this game is the teamwork and combat.  It is a lot of fun to team up with some friends and tackle some difficult levels.  There are definitely drawbacks which make the game frustrating, however.Pros:-Fun gameplay with friends-Satisfaction of slaughtering legions of rats-Good combat mechanicsCons:-Loot  *see below-Solo play is difficult with some enemy mechanics (assassins, packmasters)-AI leave something to be desired sometimes-Immense difficulty jumps - I have yet to be able to kill a rat ogre on nightmare or cataclysm difficulty. I don't see how it can be done.* I like the idea of being able to increase the potency of my weapons and trinkets, but the system is infuriating.  For starters, there is very little to strive for in terms of rare, powerful items.  Items progressions is White, Green, Blue, Orange, Red.  Red items are extremely difficult to get your hands on, and  more often than not they are not worth the effort.  Once you get some decent Orange level items all that seems to be left is collecting and min/maxing, and you'll get good orange level items by level 30.  Red items don't seem to offer any more damage than orange items, but their asthetic is unique and their bonus mods are unchangeable.  I'm level 35 and I see no goal to strive for anymore since my gear is generally pretty solid.I'd recommend picking up this game during a sale, but for most people there's a fairly short lifespan of actually having things to accomplish.  Also have friends to play with.  If an assassin or packmaster grabs you while you're solo, it's often game over."
76561198037561417,Recommended,235540,18601851,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ulfr,You can play as a dwarf.
76561198026919867,Recommended,235540,26959767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dennbok,"This game isn't perfect, the AI-controlled party members are practically useless, but it is the most fun I've had online.  Get a good group and even if you wipe the game is a blast.  More often than not the random players I've encountered have been lots of fun to play with, and I have made plenty of new Steam friends that way.  Playing it with IRL friends is even more of a blast.  The game does have a steep learning curve, but the sense of satisfaction that come from improving is equally steep.I also commend Fatshark games for their improvements and dedication to making the game even better."
76561197972073753,Recommended,235540,32717687,Posted: 24 June,all,GreenBeanDemon,Light Weight and Filled to the brim with Smashy Bashy goodness! \o/
76561198053474979,Recommended,235540,23263827,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Malloy,"In this game you're fighting rat-kin with your friends. If you don't happen to bring any, you're fighting rat-kin and up to 3 other players. And before long, you'll find yourself rooting for the Skaven...Granted, Vermintide gets a huge Warhammer bonus in my book. I have always loved the setting and I'm love the game's atmosphere - the surroundings, sound and the banter between the heroes.Detached from my fanboy-ish love, Vermintide is a really fun game. It's fast, it's brutal and it's challenging, even on the lower difficulties. Usually compared to L4D, the similarities between those games are indesputable and it is quite obvious where Vermintide took its inspiration. In my opinion, however, it is the better game - of equal rank, at the very least, I assume, if you don't feel strongly about the setting. Obviously, meele combat is a huge part of the game, so get upclose, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and don't buy Vermintide if you're looking for L4D or Ewww-volve like shooting action. There are ranged weapons and they are fun, but let's face it: nothing is as fun as a hammer to the face. If you're the owner of the hammer, not the face...One thing you should bring into the streets of Ubersreik are friends. The bots, while not half bad, are bots and the randoms are...way worse than the bots. People who behave as stupid as they (probably) look, with the sole purpose to make other players' lives miserable. If, however, you happen to bring your buddies along, you're gonna have a fun time with lots of action, gore and dead rat-things."
,Recommended,235540,23370156,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Nodi,"Let me start off by saying this game is fantastic. It is NOT just a re-skin of L4D. There is so much more to it than that. Every character/class is unique in their own way, whereas in L4D all the characters are pretty much the same. Even the 'Specials' have their own unique flavor, AND they correspond to actual units used in the Warhammer Fantasy Skaven army, which is pretty darn cool. And not only are the classes different, but they all get types of weapons that are completely unique to their class, too.I do have a problem, though. So recently, my brother let me play this game on his super beefy gaming computer. The game ran like a dream; 75 fps running it on Extreme (this game's version of Ultra). The game was immersive and atmospheric. There were no bugs whatsoever, and it was fantasticly fun.Skip to me playing on my less-than-beefy laptop. I'm having to play this game on lowest at a reduced resolution than what is native to my laptop, and I know it sounds ridiculous, but i feel like lowering the graphics hinders the performance of the game. A whole slew of bugs that weren't there before emerged when i began playing on my laptop. Skaven would spawn in heaps and not even move; just waiting for me to pull out my blunderbuss and shred them all to pieces. A rat ogre even spawned on a rooftop! The bots were unbelievably stupid (they were already pretty dumb, but here they were even dumber). It was so strange. A game that previously had been almost flawless was rendered buggy and far less fun to play.So my summary? This game is fantastic.... when it works correctly. I can't think of any instance where a game's graphics cause it to function incorrectly, but that really seems to be the problem here. I still recommend it because i've seen what it can be.My brother and I haven't had a chance to play online yet, so i've only played local with bots. But i'll update this review if these problems listed above persist when we play online."
76561198075404697,Recommended,235540,26827218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NoVideo,"Short review from my side:Pros:- good graphics- very enthralling atmosphere- superb audio (Cues, voice acting, music - all perfectly matched to the game)- excellent melee combat- good long range combat- varied specials- good pacing on most maps- lots of different maps- working matchmaker and lobby- 5 different heros with tons of weapons- skill > loadoutCons:- could be better optimized performance wise- still plenty of bugs, but nothing game breaking- Loottable could use a little more flair- game balance could be improved (some weapons are just bad)And guys, this game is everything, but not a L4D clone. L4D had ♥♥♥♥♥♥ movement (sliding zombies and players...) and aiming (just like nearly every source engine game), was plain boring due to the absolute domination of long range combat and an totally overused setting with the typical stereotype characters.  If it wasnt the ""first"" big game of that genre, it would have never been so praised."
76561197963820803,Recommended,235540,23365388,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Atomsk,"Comparing Vermintide to L4D is like calling Fallout  ""Skyrim with guns"". It's a very different experience despite similar mechanics.Fighting Skaven is much more fun then running from zombies and the weapon loot system makes it very addictive. Every weapon has 2-3 combos or attacks to master so as long as I change gear every once and a while combat stays fresh.Like L4D, Vermintide only has a handful of levels to replay with different objectives and dynamic Skaven spawns so don't expect a full story campaign. I hope more content comes out in the future."
76561198101783774,Recommended,235540,23368495,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Bresker,"It's a great and fun game to spend some time on with 13 levels (without the dlc) and each level having five different difficulty in which each one increases drastically from the other ( up to hard it could be played with randoms online i still have not  tried the other two but judging from the gameplay so far  you need a lot of co-operation to survive in extreme modes) .the good:-Five different characters to choose from and in case you are bored from all of them each new weapon type is a whole different experience-good graphics, the gore is pretty nice-each map is  well designed-fun and challenging types of enemies-WARHAMMER!the meh:-the objects collision could be enhanced-Need to be online or connected to the internet to play-As fun and varied the enemy types are there could be some place for new ones-there is not an overall stats for how many skaven you killed with each .Conclusion:BUY THE GAME ! and for a better experience , BUY THE GAME WITH SOME FRIENDS !"
,Recommended,235540,23279658,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Cherish Eternity,Its sad to see such a great game start to die because the game was released to early.  great game simalar to L4D but much much better satisfying combat. Would totaly recommend! Invite your friends.
76561198033344001,Recommended,235540,26464946,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,HotDogMolly,Good game in general feels like a different version of Left 4 Dead even the Specials are really close I have played about 15 matches now and have failed to have 4 people stick together every one is just running around I try and follow some some one I get jumped and they keep going with the sack of rice I know rice is in inportant but maybe get this think thats stabbing me with spikes off me first then we can go ...
76561198074470310,Recommended,235540,23262584,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Youshihiro,"The game reminds me of L4D, it`s basecally the same thing: A group of survivors killing rats (zombies), hordes of them, there are special rats like Runner (Hunter of L4D), etc.The graphics are amazing, even in the Low option.The game is awesome, you should try it, the price is fair enough, and it`s teally fun, you can also level up and improve your itens.I highly recommend, trust me, or don`t, if you don`t try it for your self, you are gonna see it`s worthy"
,Recommended,235540,18703591,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hi I'm Link from Gamecube,The combat in this game is satisfying as ♥♥♥♥.
76561197967580951,Recommended,235540,18734852,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,"Dr. Brigga, The Cat Lawyer","I've been playing Vermintide since it officially launched, and I have to say that I am thoroughly in love. This game has all of the finer elements from the Left 4 Dead franchise that made it so replayable, and it puts them through the filter of the gritty Warhammer Fantasy universe. As a long time fan of Warhammer and Warhammer 40k, I am always watching for titles with the franchise name and giving them a thorough investigation before I would ever deem something that fell within my all time favorite fantasy universe great simply for having the name attached. Vermintide for sure delivers. You truly are pitted against the hordes of Skaven set during the End Times and it feels like a constant struggle to mix quick movement with thoughtful decision making. Sometimes you see a patrol that can easily be avoided or fought in a fierce melee, while other times you are moving safely through back alleys and suddenly a Gutter Runner has one of your party on the ground and a Packmaster is dragging another away and your group now dances on the knife edge of a full on wipe. These moments come all too often and really bring a good life to the game.The loot system is another thing I found pretty interesting and acceptable. Loot is only earned on a successful mission completion, so it truly does force one to not rush forward hastily, however taking more time seems to draw in more ambushes and waves which can easily grow overwhelming.Positioning is an important aspect of the game and is to be used at all times.I really REALLY hope they make some Chaos force maps or other evil force DLC's, because thats what I think we'd all love to see.Cons: The cons I do have are mostly with the servers and hosting. There is NO dedicated hosting, so hosts are on a player by player basis, which means that if your host decides to up and leave 3/4 through the mission, you are restarted back at the beginning of the mission with another player as the new host."
76561197991081759,Recommended,235540,21239104,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Humungus1978,"Get this game, it is simply fantastic! I didn't had that much fun in a coop game since a long time!Everything is just nicely done. I just whished there where more levels and different enemies to fight.Hopefully this will be added in the future.Thanks for bringing this game to life.A new warhammer fan!I have to go kill rats now...."
76561198059621926,Recommended,235540,18673340,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Red Crusader,Get it now!
76561198008822589,Recommended,235540,18564166,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Vetlon,"Gonna give a tenative thumbs up for now. I like the game but it is pretty difficult to finish on higher difficulty without a coordinated team, which means basically stick together and hit everything in sight. There does not seem to be a lot of sophisticated tactics involved in the game or the environment at the moment. Occasionally you will use a bow or gun to snipe a difficult mob from a distance but the A.I. for the most part just focuses on constant zerg as it's main tactic. Graphics are nice and mindless combat can be fun but hopefully there is more planned in the future and the weapon upgrades become a little more dynamic. Right now I would give is a 3/5 with potential to increase moving forward.One more thing every time a major Skaven rush occurs it seems the only objective is to find the rearest wall, put your back to it and swing your sword at the onslaught until the vermin are all dead. It can be fun and intense in a viseral way, but lacks depth and sophistication."
,Recommended,235540,18666923,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DarthLofus,Came for the Warhammer. Stayed for the Gameplay.
,Recommended,235540,19916982,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Uncle Dom,Fun co-op!  Left for dead with ratmen. Head chopping fun for all! Plus a cool weapons building system.
76561198093520312,Recommended,235540,20751236,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jim,"Tough game. Players are thrown into the game with no idea of how hard it is. Many players will fail their first few games because of this, and it turns them off from the game. The game itself is pretty cool. I really like the setting, and the graphics are good. Missions are REALLY long, usually around 30 minutes for one mission. If you don't play with friends, just hope and pray you find an expierienced player or two, because new players really pull down the team. There is a decent amount of missions, gamemodes, and enemies. Events are generated randomly, so you don't know what will be waiting for you. Loot system is interesting. In order to get good loot at the end of the mission, you have to find in-game items hidden throughout the mission which make the mission  itself harder by reducing total health and taking up the potion slot. They increase the chance of a higher level item. This system is good in theory, but it leads players to play the same mission over and over and over because they know the locations of these hidden items. This gets pretty boring, and if you fail the mission it is very irritating. It's fun for a while. 6/10"
,Recommended,235540,18644866,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Raghnailt,"Left 4 Warhammer: The first person co-operative Action RPG is pretty sweet, admittedly somewhat clunky in animation and  it can sometimes have really weird hitboxes."
,Recommended,235540,19045041,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Ragrot,"Left 4 Dead style co-op gameplay with ""Skaven"" (rat people) instead of zombies, set in the wonderfully brought to life, Warhammer Fantasy Universe. Only minor bugs, very challenging difficulty settings and rewarding visceral melee combat system with a lot of variety. Although the most difficult setting in the game is playing solo on ANY difficulty. The bot AI and pathing in this game is the worst I've ever seen, in any game I've ever played. If you don't have three other buddies to play with, or mind grouping with random players, I would not recommend the game unless you, like me, are a hardcore Warhammer fan and enjoy losing to the dice gods (loot) or are just a masochist in general. In any case, great game, if you liked L4D2, you will love this."
76561198058828924,Recommended,235540,28422947,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Funnygger,"This game is very fun to play and with all the gear you can unlock and possibillities with your abillitys its also a game you can play for a long time.HOWEVER: With many games like this, only very few players play it, so searching for a game can take really long. So if you don't have anyone to play this with, I can't really recommend it because its really frustrating to search for 20 mins for a guy to leave in the middle of a level."
76561197999409760,Recommended,235540,28428727,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dunar,"Vermintide is awesome.  Like others have said it's Left 4 Dead with rats.  The amount of players vary greatly and once you clear the majority of the levels its just a grind fest to get better weapons.  This wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't one or two maps people want to grind over and over again.  This is the first Warhammer game I've played, I wish there was more of a story here and one that's single player that went more in depth.  Over all a great game and recommended with a group of friends."
76561198047633704,Recommended,235540,19403425,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kevin The Dork Slayer,"My parents fight a lot, but this game is good"
,Recommended,235540,18646779,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,8-bit hero,Kill endless hordes of rat people with your friends. What's not to love?
,Recommended,235540,18722658,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dingus dingo ringus,No doubt in my mind that this game will be a classic.
,Recommended,235540,26479627,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,Nice game in the Warhammer settingPROS+COOOOOOOOOOP+Good melee battle system+5 chars to choose from+Great amount of missions+Contract system+Nice amount of weapons+DLC with new maps+GREAT difficulty+Funny dialogs between charsCONS-A bit laggySuperb game COOP game with great difficulty and tons of replayability
,Recommended,235540,18680185,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Guzzten,VERY ADDICTING GAME! like left for dead but a lot more fun with weapon rewards. BUY IT IF YOU LIKE  SLASH GAMES.
,Recommended,235540,26500536,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wolff777,"This is an awesome game. Don't make the same mistake as I did and only playing with one Hero, get use to them all espesially if you love playing with friends. Knowing how every Hero works and how they are played with is a great atvantage. You will then be able to play with any Hero without struggling or dieing cause you'll know how they work and the type of weapon they use.All in all this game is awesome and really worht gettingI an really glad i baught this game, not one moment of regret."
,Recommended,235540,31690130,Posted: 11 May,all,Harp,Capri Sun
76561198018553541,Recommended,235540,33527275,Posted: 13 July,all,BravoKilo24,10/10 would cleave vermin again.
,Recommended,235540,33526334,Posted: 13 July,all,DiamondJAB,"While many are waiting for a true Left 4 Dead 3, do yourself a favor and get lost in this game.  If on sale, it only increases its value and replayability.  Add in 9 extra maps across 3 DLC packs and you have the most engrossing Co-Op MP experience to step out of Valve's shadow."
76561198020694383,Recommended,235540,33525889,Posted: 13 July,all,poip35,So far a very fun game with neat upgrades. kind of a mix between COD and RPGs well worth the $9
,Recommended,235540,33597923,Posted: 16 July,all,Vintergron,This game is basically Left 4 Dead 3
,Recommended,235540,20871489,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,gaynorvader,"Fun little Dead or Alive style game set in Mordheim. The characters are all very different and there's a slew of upgrades you can unlock/pick up. The only issue is the hosting system, you need to complete levels to progress in the story and unlock more levels, but if the host leaves halfway through the level, it doesn't migrate the host, just boots you back to the tavern.Still, a lot of fun to play despite the hosting issues."
76561198043263570,Recommended,235540,18603551,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Winefly,"Highly addicting and challenging gameplay and scenario based, team focused missions. I will admit when a friend showed me a trailer several weeks ago, I thought ""Looks fun. Kinda like, ghetto-smash-all, get drunk and log in with friends fun. But still fun."" I guess I assumed this from the low price tag ($25), that it would be a little slapped together feeling. I was half right...it is extremely fun. Where I was wrong was my limited expectations for the gameplay. I assumed the small developer would have slapped together a decent-but-marked-by-shoddy-mechanics melee system, full of spasmodic chunky animations, that would overall be forgiven by the antics and blood soaked glee of watching your weapon slice the necks from hordes of snarling vermin. Well, all the fun and dismemberment and decapitations are there, but the polish is also waxxed on as thick as the blood running down the gutters.This game is high calibre, with rich environmental textures, and a group of heroes that beg you to play them as they banter, pontificate, and good naturedly poke fun at one another throughout the map progression (10/10 on the casting and voiceovers. The ""barks"" are truly immersive and provide a rich experience.) I wont even get into the loot system or specific teamplay elements as I feel there will already be plenty read about and others will inevitably draw comparisons to this or that game and point out the highlights and improvements in style that has accomplished here.PLAY IT!"
76561197998280117,Recommended,235540,20927080,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Pahu,I throughly enjoy Left 4 Rats 2.Smash those filthy rats! Smash 'em good! Bam! Bam!
,Recommended,235540,20535574,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mr. Rogers,Killing endless amounts of ratmen has never been so fun.
76561197970338662,Recommended,235540,20920052,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Hooray Waffles!,Do you like killing rats with a various array of melee and ranged weapons?  Do you like loot?  Then you should already be playing this.
76561198017561364,Recommended,235540,18631369,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,feeling brave tonight?start in a tavernweave outsideblow a giant horn bc u´re bossget snacks in huge sacksclear the sewerlevel & dont showerget lost in a weird upside-down mage towergrab a taxi back to the bar & get hammeredsounds like fun? indeed it is
76561198033421774,Recommended,235540,29401585,Posted: 21 January,all,Mainman,Great co-op game :) A lot like L4D2 but has hero leveling and a loot system. Pretty good melee system and game mechanics. Highly recommended :)
,Recommended,235540,28409586,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rynji,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is hard but also a lot of fun.Vermintide is pretty much Left 4 Dead with a focus on melee combat (every character has a ranged weapon as well, some as their main weapon) and a loot system thrown in.The characters are also unique, meaning that every character has their own unique weapon.The loot system is mostly RNG based, which can screw you over, but there are systems in place to have some influence on the loot you will get.These loot systems have been added in later updates and have greatly improved the chance of getting actually useful weapons.It also includes a currency based system (currency earned in-game) where you can craft weapons and reroll weapon traits.Overall most of the initial complaints about the loot system have been addressed.The game has had a bit of a rough start mostly on the technical side. Nevertheless I've played over 90 hours before the update, so there's definitely something that kept me playing the game.This something is solid gameplay with a satisfying melee combat system and a great difficulty curve.The Warhammer license has also been used very succesfully. The atmosphere in the game is great and there are fun interactions between the different characters.With the latest 1.5 update the performance has improved greatly; many of crashes have been resolved and the overall frame rate of the game has increased noticeably.I do recommend playing this game with friends because the higher difficulty levels will be tough. I've actually never played the game alone though so I cannot comment on the solo experience, but coop games are always better with a premade right?Overall I definitely recommend this game; as long as you have a beefy CPU (it's still a CPU heavy game), and are looking for a challenging coop experience."
76561198066980830,Recommended,235540,27736996,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜDon Cornholium,WARHAMMER+Left 4 Dead=This
76561198002581627,Recommended,235540,20431920,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Gandie,"Rats. Rats everwhere. Why did it have to be rats?Entertaining Left 4 Dead clone with good visuals, sound and atmosphere. The higher difficulty levels can only be tackled by people who know how to handle themselves. The game is a bit grindy, with only 13 maps and mostly the same enemies. The first few dozen hours were great fun for me though."
,Recommended,235540,20329845,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,snowdrop,"Co-op humans vs. the system is the thing in this melee centric FPS. Game plays and looks well. Mechanics are easy to pickup, yet beneath it all there is much more tactics and skills than first meets the eye. Entertaining, bit sized portions of action at a time, and soemthing one can come back to with friends that use voice chat.I prefer this to the Dead island games due to setting, music and the gameplay itself. Hopefully they will release more content to it - the platform is clearly there and the concept is solid. What's mainly missing is ""end game""  goals beyond trying to get more new weapons. The developers main challange is to create something that can last beyond the grindings and equipment fixation of players that play the game to get new equipment, and not the other way around. where acquisition through grind becomes the goal instead of the gaming experience and actual co-work.I recommend the title to anyone that is remotely intersted in the genre and co-op fps: It's a lot of fun and yes, you can actually get better."
,Recommended,235540,20162124,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zeralus,This game is amazing. You can play as a talking cigarrette :D
76561198102333408,Recommended,235540,20694531,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,bigemcg2000,vermintide was a all round goof game and i injoyed it well but i found it to be a bit tyo difficult at ti mes but i recomend this game to everyone tnhat has played and enjoyed the left 4 dead games it is quite simulare so them but changed so that if you like the warhammer fanitcy world it is more injoyable i wish that they had a larger veriaty of skaven troops though
,Recommended,235540,21479092,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Punkykins,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is basicly Left 4 Dead with main focus on melee weapons and fantasy including spells, bows, flintlock weaponry and so on. As an old Warhammer collector and player I enjoy the games Lore-friendly aspect. It's ton of fun to hack hordes of Skaven to pieces with random people or with your friends. The gameplay is solid survival tunnel-running with not much freedom in the way of which route you want to take, which is fine for the genre. The visual aspect is beautiful and there is even a level which has several pieces of good old Warhammer artwork on it as paintings.Personally I think this game overall is worth it if you're into Warhammer or L4D-like games overall, in rating it's a 9/10.Good:- The lore-friendly aspect and truthfulnes to the Warhammer World overall- Graphics, they look beautiful and fit the aspect and scenario- Gameplay, a solid survival hack-your-way-through game, all the classes work great and have their own strengths.- Voice Acting and Sounds, they just fit inBad:- Graphical issues, sound issues and bugs are still somewhat present- Tryhards, good luck trying to get in a Cataclysm game unless it's with your friends or your level is 3-digits high.- Length, the game isn't that long and can sometimes feel like a total grindfest for loot."
,Recommended,235540,26473740,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,-Jaws-,"Great game. It's Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer Fantasy world, but they have done it so well! It works perfectly. Fun gameplay to share with your friends. :)"
76561198126209194,Recommended,235540,19898647,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Soil38,"Great game, if you like Left4Dead then you'll love this. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,235540,19971939,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PBR Pissburgers,Charlie Work
,Recommended,235540,19460435,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fat Friar Funk,"If you were ever playing Left 4 Dead 2 and thought to yourself ""This would be so much better if it were actually fun and had depth"" then pick up this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,235540,20132954,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Flatbush Zombies,"Friend complained before buying that he didnt like rats.Played the game and proceeded to kill, smash, pound, swipe, shoot, blast, incinerate, set on fire thousands of rats.Friend never complained again.10/10 if you hate rats you will like this game"
76561198040960462,Recommended,235540,18704132,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,-{SL}- Rojas,if you like games like left 4 dead and chivalry then you might like this
,Recommended,235540,20490018,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dstar,"Great coop, having alot of fun playing this game.  Public matches are full of mostly friendly people who just want to have fun. The harder difficulties can be frstrating but are very satisfying when completed.  It's definitely a white knuckle gameplay, enemies are ferocious and the waves are very intense.  If you are a fan Payday 2 you will probably enjoy this as well as it has similar coop mechanics and team building atmosphere.  Deep weapon progression system mixed with 5 different classes of heros will keep you entertained for quite a while.Verdict: 9/10Would give it a better score but if you have terrible internet or you live far away from the host with bad internet the hit markers don't always land.  Delay is very noticeable but ther are rumors of dedicated servers which would fix that."
76561198195017385,Recommended,235540,20060941,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UndoingSoup,"Wow, you might as well call it exterminater simulater but nevertheless an extremely good game to just play whenever. if you dont have it yet, do yourself a favour and get it."
,Recommended,235540,20809326,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Leet_KFC,Very intense game. Best played with friends w/ voice chat.
,Recommended,235540,20649348,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RAGE,"I fell in love with a warhammer universe, read some books and I´m looking for more books in future.That´s all  becasue of this game. It´s awesome and devs are still working on it. The big plus for me is that the game was without early-acess ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thing and actually the game works without the early-acsess comunity help !"
76561198010429230,Recommended,235540,24607643,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Necrovoker,"Amazing sucessor to the Left 4 Dead series, and in the wonderful universe of Warhammer. It's just so much fun and satisfying to fight the Skavens. Weapons are varied, each hero is very different from the other, and the new Horde wave is very fun. The story, while minimal, is interesting, and is clearly written by fans of the tabletop game.Some minor bugs and glitches, but nothing game breaking. Graphics are weirdly optimized, and I need to run it at medium (while I usually run games like these at high or very high), but the game still looks very beautiful and detailed at those graphic levels so no real problem there.All in all, for the price, this is a great grab, especially if you're a Warhammer fan."
,Recommended,235540,30239611,Posted: 28 February,all,CommanderSQ14,"Very fun co-op game, best with a full group of friends as the AI isn't that great. Definitely worth a try for those on the fence about it; if you can, grab it when it goes on sale!From my time playing, my mind always makes the same conclusion. That it is basically Left for Dead 2 but Warhammer themed, need I say more? :D"
76561198023507159,Recommended,235540,26702615,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,the.grognard,"This is a well produced co-op game with a little bit of everything.  Exploring dungeons with a torch to light your way. Nicely balanced gameplay that makes players work as a team and not lone Rambos.  Beautiful areas to explore and get lost in.  A robust player base.  And lots of DLC....And killing rats.  There's a bit of that too.The game can definitely become a gfind if you let it, but if you're not set on playing a single character you'll do fine.   The item rewards system (I gather) has been improved.  But you WILL become frustrated if you really want a nice shield and mace upgrade for Kruber, and it never drops.  That's part of the game too."
76561197986517085,Recommended,235540,18724413,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Drakhjerta,"It's fun but sometimes it can take awhile to find other players to play with during ""matchmaking"". Therefore I encourage people to force their friends to also buy it and play the game with you."
,Recommended,235540,18659830,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Swizzler,Bad Rats 2 really stepped up their game.
76561197992725787,Recommended,235540,18897512,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,"Gary ""BAlLs-CRoIZ"" Dell'Abate","Set in post-apocalypse India, this game highlights the grim reality of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ outdoors for so many years."
,Recommended,235540,18679621,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gehenna,L4D with good melee combat and rpg mechanics.░░░░░░░░░░█▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░████▀▀▀███▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█▌░░░░░░░▐██▒▄■▀▒▒▒▀■▄██░░░░░░░▐██▒▒▄▄▌▒▐▄▄▒▐█▌░░░░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▌░░░░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▒▒▒▒█▌░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒▄██▄▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▐█▌▒▒▐█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀████▀░░░░░░░░░
76561198002375388,Recommended,235540,18686060,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Armoured-Lemming,"It's like if Left 4 Dead and the old warhammer game Mordhiem had a very angry baby.... then that baby grew up with a backass beard and a hatred for rodents!Edit: I felt the review was lacking so i though i should go into further detail.The characters are very close to the lore of the source material, While the game is similar to left 4 dead in alot of respects the melee combat is vastly superior with the weapons having varity and viewable statistics to them, a better blocking mechanic and even a dodge move that can help you jump to either side or back to avoid incomming strikes.The only downsides with this game compaired to its predecessor would be the lack of a vs mode though the Co-op side of the game stands on its own just fine, i also hope additional characters are added to the roster and the few bugs the game has is adressed and ironed out, still for a game that is not AAA it certainly had alot of polish and atmosphere to it, even if it does make my CPU boil!I will recommend you keep an eye open on the system requirements, this one is a bit of a glutton though even at its lowest setting the game is still appealing to look at (bare a few low ress wound textures on the skaven when you kill them)Best of all its not set in Age of Sigmar! :D"
,Recommended,235540,18688444,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Neckrite,This game is so much fun it is much in the vane of LFD one and two but it plays waaaaay better and has a good progression model.  I definitely recomend this game play it and love it ^_^.
76561198019484578,Recommended,235540,18761514,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Searobyrg,"A very addictive game, set in a well represented Warhammer world. If the L4D/Warhammer smash up is to be mentioned, it lacks L4D's creepy factor, but it is genuine fun. I recommend playing on at the very least hard, so you don't find it too easyThe loot system and variety of weapons adds a depth to the characters (who give great dialogue) and adds to the addictiveness greatly.With the few issues I encountered from Beta to launch, Fatshark were very speedy with their response and aid.Looking forward to more content....and user created maps?"
,Recommended,235540,18754737,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Krob,"EDIT: This game is meant to work more like Diablo 3 than left 4 dead.  If you're not farming better loot, and upgrading all your items, then you're not getting the entire experience.  The goal is to beat all levels on the maximum difficulty level.  If you played through this game once, on 1 or 2 characters, on normal difficulty, you basically just played the tutorial/story.**This game is up for GOTY for me.  And I'm just getting really into it.I love the leveling system for your account, and each class, and the weapon loot and forge system is simple but addictive.Most everyone online that I've played with randomly has been great.  The game promotes team work.Game looks and feels near perfect - the ambience and level design work is world class!"
,Recommended,235540,18735966,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Master Spawn,Before this game i wanted to be an astronaut.NOW I'M APPLYING TO A JOB IN PEST CONTROL
76561198069241810,Recommended,235540,18736162,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,mrseitaro,"This game is a lot of fun, as much as it looks like a Left 4 Dead clone it actually has a lot more depth in it. After every mission your characters level up unlocking new weapons (melee or ranged), and you can get more new weapons if you do well on missions and receive the called ""loot dice"", gameplay is smooth and fun, you can switch between your melee weapon (which can be different even if you're using the same character, (for example the Commander comes with a huge hammer by default, but you can get a sword and shield for it, too) or swith to your ranged weapon. Ranged can be good when dealing with enemies from a distance, but ammo is kinda scarce and when enemies come and surround you, ranged weapons are not very useful), both melee and ranged weapons have their own gameplay mechanics, the Witch Hunter for example can use 2 ""pistols"" that hit 1 target at a time, they are fast and don't need reloading, but they are not that powerful; the Command has a shotgun that can hit multiple enemies and is powerful, but has only 1 bullet and needs reloading after only 1 shot; the elf has a bow, and so on.I must warn you, however, this game is unbeatable playing it solo, unless you get good equipment and are really good at it; your teammates' AI is really bad and they won't help you at all, if you get downed they will rarely come to aid you and instead they will continue fighting the enemies or wandering around. But when you get people to play with, the game shines and is really, really fun and satisfying, the community so far has been very helpful and kind -I haven't seen people insulting others for dying or playing a bit bad-.I'd give this game a 8/10. But if you like Warhammer, or enjoy games like Left 4 Dead or Killing Floor this is a MUST. It's gory, and the melee combat is really well done. But as I mentioned above, AI on your teammates is like they were making a complot to let you die."
76561197990827621,Recommended,235540,18560577,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,AJ/Slanty/Ba'khael,"Lovely game, pretty difficult when it needs to be and a whole lot of fun. The only drawbacks really are that it's lacking...intelegent bot allies when they're in game and maybe some sort of trade system or ..little shop at the Inn. It's nice and all being able to earn equipment and loot but if you can't find it during a mission anyway, taking it even if you fail then it's super hard to get new equipment. Also the lack of checkpoints  really starts to annoy. It's awesome completing missions but when you can't and keep failing at one singular point..it'd be nice to resume from that point with a penalty rather than restart the whole bluddy thing. I love the game..great for warhammer fans and newbies to the end times era. But not polished, a lot of flaws..and pretty tricky..yet that's what makes it awesome. Better with friends too, the bots are useless."
76561198022951404,Recommended,235540,18561773,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Plagued Raven,It actually makes decapitating a rat a delightful time!
,Recommended,235540,18562025,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,raddedd,"TL;DR - This game is awesome. You should be playing it.Ok, now for real:Visuals: This game visually looks amazing. The team did an amazing job with cramming tons of detail into everything in this game.Emersion: You really feel like you are a warrior/mage/whatever trying to help this city against an invading monster race. It's simplistic, but nails it in most aspects.Story: The story is super simple, but if you're playing this game for the story then you probably shouldn't buy it. You pick up tons of small details about the story as you play the levels, but it's not a story driven game.Combat: WOAH! Awesome...Conclusion: I have never been so entranced by a midevil styled game before. Honestly they usually bore me, but this game is stellar so far."
,Recommended,235540,18579028,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yavanna,"Left 4 Dead except melee weapons are better, ranged weapons are for scrubs / insta-kills and your team has forgotten to take their pills today."
,Recommended,235540,18556999,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Oraklet,"Like Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer Fantasy universe, with the addition of loot system, levels and customization. 10/10The variety of weapons add different ways to play your chosen class, and they all have a great feel to it. The ability to choose your equipment before you embark on a mission is great, especially if you know the mission beforehand, which will allow you to choose the items best suited for the objectives."
,Recommended,235540,18559726,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PLSZ,here how it goes :-start matchmaking-they tell you they can do nightmare EASY-wipe after 2 min-restart on hard-get to the final encounter-wipe again-rage-start matchmaking again and repeat.8/8 would rage again.
76561198061316561,Recommended,235540,18559819,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,War Daddy Raj,It's like Left for Dead and Warhammer had a one night stand and inevitably forgot the morning after pill. What came next was a thing of beauty born from the guilt and shame of it all. 10/10 killed more rats than terminix.
76561198077255446,Recommended,235540,18564999,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shrimp A,Perfect for any Warhammer Fantasy or 40k fan.  Or a great introduction for anyone new to the series.  Plays like Left 4 Dead but with its own style and look.  The environment and weapon play make for a great immersive game!  Worth the price tag.
,Recommended,235540,18570575,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ghst,"I've long been waiting for 2 things to come out the last couple of years. A new Left 4 Dead game and a new solid Warhammer game. Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide solves that itch.Pros:- Art-style reminds me of Warhammer Online- Classes are unique enough that it's enjoyable playing each one- Maps are well thought out with enough choke points but also open areas for the ogre, also allows some exploration for chests. Risking cutting away from your group to check on a chest only to be hopped on by a special.- The dice system and loot system keeps you addicted and playing for better loot.- The game is challenging and doesn't hold your hand.- Great to see the game supports 21:9 resolution. Looks amazing on my 34 inch monitor. (Valve still hasn't done this right).- Loving the squabble between the characters. People have complained about Kerillian talking too much and being mean towards the other character. I think it's great, I imagine an elf would have issues being teamed up with the rest of them and would not be happy about it.Cons:- Loot system can be expanded, allow the ability to turn white shards into green and green into blue maybe. That way I don't have to go back to normal mode in order to work on upgrades for my gear.- Give us more hard numbers, how much health does each class have, there's some items that just give a description instead of numbers, you did a good job with item upgrades giving hard numbers but it seems to be lacking in other areas.- Host migration is needed for a game with no check points. Currently if the host drops then you have to go back to the lobby screen. This should be fixed- Optimization, this game is in beta so it's understandable that there are some performance issues. Hoping the release build has better optimization,- Some things seem too random, Special skaven either spawn too much or not enough at all. Looking at Left4Dead you almost constantly had to be ready for a special zombie. Would be good to see things tweaked so these were a threat.Summary: All around i'm enjoying this game, from a long fan of Warhammer and a die hard Left 4 Dead fan Fat Shark has done an amazing job with this game. Hopefully they will follow up the success with some new maps, more great classes, and some more challenging Skaven to defeat. Who knows maybe we'll get a Warhammer: End Times-Chaostide."
76561198055460027,Recommended,235540,19399940,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Porcoro,Rats
76561197966411959,Recommended,235540,19377085,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pilepale,So far one of the best Co Op Multi Games
,Recommended,235540,18514304,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Morpheus,Imagine if D3 and L4D had a baby. This is that baby.
76561198018145008,Recommended,235540,19878239,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TAZADAR101,"Disclaimer : I really love warhammer so I may have a more forgiving outlook on the game becuase of my love for the franchise. This experience comes from playing with friends to dropping solo with bots and with random players on Nightmare difficulty ( the 2nd to last hardest difficulty ).Things I will answer.1st: What are the mechanics of the game and how do they contribute to an enjoyable experience.2nd: Community , is it Toxic or friendly?3rd: Is it worth it?For those who dont have much time I will simply tell you its a fantasy L4D with magic , swords and lots of dead rats. If you enjoyed L4D you may find a new game to play here and that you could try it out for and hour but if you dont like it then refund it.Now to the questions...Mechanics...yourself and three others form a party of four seperate characters to take on the Vermintide , a horde of ratmen come to destroy your town. The first of these five classes I will go Into is the Soldier , he is mostly a melee character wielding either 2 handed hammers or swords to a mace and shield or sword and shield combo. The soldier usually will be in the front of a party and try to bash the mobs and tank it for the team. While most characters can also do this , the soldier and dwarf have access to shields that allow them to block and bash more often then their counter parts.Next we have the dwarf who plays very much like the soldier , however the weapons at a dwarfs disposal very a bit from the soldiers , for instance while the soldier can have a repeater rifle the dwarf can get flare guns that light up mobs of rats setting crowds ablaze.Then we have the mage ( My personel favorite ) This class is a power house that must manage their magic in the form of a heat management style where if you generate too much you will die but if you keep it under control you will kill EVERYTHING!!! ( insert power level joke here ). The mage has access to large AOE spells or very powerfull single target spells that can make or break the game depending on who uses it. The mage also gets a sword to help them ( I recommened the fire sword ).Onto the Elf , Do you like fast weapons? Do you like bows? Do you like heat seeking arrows??????? Then here's the class for you!!! Behold my bow that never misses its shots, I found a Bow that has heat seeking arrows and its great. The elf is however a great character for killing the trash mobs , the bows help a lot ( just like most secoandary weapons ) to kill the bigger more prominent foes so save that ammo for something tough.Last but not least the Witchhunter , This guy is great if you're looking for some gunplay , sporting duel pistols ( flintlocks actually ) and either a zwiehander or a sword and pistol. This guy is great for range firepower on a single target ( pistols with pierce would be awesome Fatshark! ) or you can get a repeater rifle for him aswell and use that to murder many rats. The pointy hat is also pretty great.Onto question two. Is the community ""Toxic"".... Kinda .... Ive been kicked simply becuase I wasnt level 100 ( which means nothing but you played the beta and had a lot of time on your hands ). Most players hate the grind like myself but becuase of the loot system , ( after each mission you roll dice to get loot , doing objectives gets you more loot such as tomes or finding dice in chests or of loot rats ) Players usually try to do all the objectives and most of the time a party will die trying to do most objectives and this has made my experience crap.. I'd rather pump out 3 matches on normal then try to roll for one good weapons becuase I can just craft weapons from the basic tier up.People in this game will boot you simply becuase they forgot to put the group on Invite only , people will boot you becuase you use a mic or dont use a mic. Experience's may vary....  My experience with people on Vermintide is VERY negetive... some of you guys might find great people but I ended up just running with bots ( which has gotten me far more loot then running with people on my end of things ). Its better to simply complete a mission then risk lossing it and wasting 30 minutes of your time.Complaints/cons: This game is brutal and I wish there was a moment where rats were not always coming at you even on easy. For some reason during my experience I encountered hordes far more often then people I watched on twitch.This game doesnt really have a tutorial... It just kinda throws you in and points at stuff but sticks you with other players while you try to learn the game.Finally is Vermintide worth it??? Yes it is worth it but I would buy it and try to play with friends."
,Recommended,235540,18702370,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ManneN^,"Fun long-lasting co-op action best enjoyed with three of your friends! Prepare yourself for some grinding and gear obsession, but most of all, prepare to craft tactics and skill polishing because this game gets really hard when you take on the harder difficulties. A bit graphically demanding, but can be played on older computers when you set the graphics on low.Overall a very good game and with all the promised future content it might be around for a while! A must buy if you're into Warhammer!"
,Recommended,235540,27674466,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AerieD,"To begin with, I was a little disappointed in Vermintide. Sure, playing through with friends was fun but once you'd cleared all the maps, the whole thing became a bit grindy for what seemed like minimal reward.Recent updates however - both free and paid DLC - and in particular the new Quest system, have hooked me right back in. I feel like I'm cursing the dice a lot less, and I'm encouraged to just jump into games with strangers in order to complete certain tasks. There's still the odd improvement that could be made, and I'd love to see a much larger expansion that threw in new enemies, maybe even a new Hero, but if you're a Warhammer fan, a co-op survival fan, or both, you'll enjoy Vermintide as it is."
,Recommended,235540,29982549,Posted: 17 February,all,"Hello, i am Terrorist",amazing warhammer game for anyone who loves LFD2 and warhammer.
76561198026292457,Recommended,235540,18865011,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ookami®,"Short and simple...I recommend this game.If you're are bored of L4D2 and its scripted ""merry-go-round-while-you-try-to-shoot-at-it"" zombies, and you also happen to be a fan of the Warhammer world (not mandatory) then this is a game you won't regret.Character choice covers most of the basics you could ask for in a team: tanks, long range shooters and the almost best of two worlds.There's a fair amount of different levels with their own design and surprises that helps you break the routine of roaming around in the same (yet beautiful) medieval city scenery.When it comes to weapons. There's seems to be quite a few. I haven't played enough to tell you. But it goes through shooting to slashing and some bashing along the way.. oh, and fire.. fire is fun.The game mechanics are goods, graphics are sexy, and network code don't seem to suck :) And you get to hear Dwarf and Elf throw crap at each other during some random dialog sequences.So if you don't play it for you, do it for Sigmar!"
76561198237177288,Recommended,235540,20714653,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,shadow,this game is siiiick
76561198060544872,Recommended,235540,31552007,Posted: 4 May,all,Frogo,"If you like Left 4 Dead, you'll get a kick out of Vermintide. It uses l4d's amazing gameplay loop and sprinkles some rpg elements in to the mix to keep things fresh. A good purchase at full price and a must buy on sale."
,Recommended,235540,21723989,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Wifi_Wildfire,"Reminds me of a a hack and slash (mostly) L4D2 hoard style, team objective game with the added bonus of character progression in the form of a unique rng based loot reward system and additional player mechanics including the ability to dodge and block."
76561198039298116,Recommended,235540,30864583,Posted: 31 March,all,Kaozium,You like Warhammer classic ? You like Left4Dead2 ? You have friends ?Buy it.
76561198102082687,Recommended,235540,30183853,Posted: 25 February,all,Mx199,Its alot like left4dead. However it is diffrent enough to be fresh.It is much better with friends!
76561198036063033,Recommended,235540,18736923,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SoupeAuxPois,"Like so many reviewers noted before, this game is basically the Left 4 Dead 3 that never was. The skavens make for a great enemy and a well deserved break from the tiresome zombies that we see all too often in entertainment today. The looting system is what keeps the player coming back. Expect a lot of grind though, especially if you are aiming for good gear since loot is randomised. However, you get an opporunity to improve your chances for good loot if you pick up hidden tomes in levels. These tomes take up the inventory space that medical supplies would normally occupy, thus leading to some hardcore playthroughs on harder difficulties to ensure the tomes will reach the end of the level.  Sadly, the random nature of loot make for a game that can feel at times unrewarding, especially when you gain poor loot after beating levels at high difficulties despite picking the tomes.On a more positive note, level design is greatl Some levels are linear, akin to Left 4 Dead, while others consist of picking up items, destroying skaven buildings, or defending locations while hordes of skavens storm at you from every side. The class based characters propose enough variety to encourage multiple playthroughs with each character and that is what makes the game better than Left 4 Dead to me. I love how different the Flame Mage and the Dwarf are, the first being a crowd control/AoE damage specialist and the second being a tank with an emphasis on melee although he is able to inflict range damage with his crossbow. All 5 characters feel different and that's what is so cool about it. Writing, voice acting and music are also excellent and fit the game nicely,.Special mention goes to the all-too-often hilarious dialogues.All in all, if you're into Left 4 Dead, grab this game. I do not recommend playing the game solo since the bots are broken as of now and will more often lead you to your doom rather than the skavens.It's also the perfect game to set up a creepy mood for Halloween."
76561198039114538,Recommended,235540,32230882,Posted: 6 June,all,[HoBs] Admiral Beardo,"This game will remind you of ""Left 4 Dead"". Except there are rats instead of zombies. Also a tip have ""USEFUllll TEAM MATES""."
,Recommended,235540,26705120,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,Top-notch.
76561198004080636,Recommended,235540,32906775,Posted: 27 June,all,Allu,"I like Warhammer universe and I'm really enjoying playing this game.People been complaining its L4D...ok...so all isometric games is Diablo, all fps games is Doom etc. There is huge influence of L4D that can't be denied but with RPG element (weapons with traits). So you are in a run for a perfect weapon that suits your playstyle.I'm not good at playing fps games but I got used to play this one effectively. I can play (finish) nightmare difficulty as my max level of my skill level...I won't touch cataclysm its way too difficult for me.Of course nothing is perfect...I hate DLC marketing!!! I'm older guy I remember to buy full game with no additional bulls..t that comes after you release the game. So please lower the prices of DLCs!!!9/10 (it would be 10/10 if no DLCs)"
76561198060445191,Recommended,235540,22485384,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shlettes,boi
76561198008989095,Recommended,235540,32330400,Posted: 10 June,all,Ser Squirrel,Left 4 Dead with more long term motivation thanks to the loot system! :)
76561197971108678,Recommended,235540,26412772,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,J0]{3R,"I love this game and I would love to play it more but random crashes here and there after playing 30min to 2 hours taking out the fun. The Developers should really focus on bugfixing before putting out new content. I will come back to this game from time to time to check on it and how the bugfixing is going but at this point its 50-50 chance that you will or will not enjoy it because of the bugs.I bought this game when it came out. Couldnt play it because of performance Issues.They fixed it so that i could play it flawlessly.After a while the game recived patches that made the game crashing on my pc and I couldnt play it for weeks.They fixed it so that i could play it flawlessly.After a while the game recived patches that made the game crashing on my pc and I couldnt play it for weeks.They fixed it so that i could play it flawlessly.After a while the game recived patches that made the game crashing on my pc and I couldnt play it for weeks.They fixed it so that i could play it flawlessly.After a while the game recived patches that made the game crashing on my pc and I couldnt play it for weeks.Thats my experience with this game so far.If and its a big ""IF"" the game runs on your PC you will have a blast with it!"
76561198035930071,Recommended,235540,18577184,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dowski です,"Very fun game with friends. I have enjoyed the hell out of this thus far. I ended up buying myself the collectors edition and then buying the standard game for 2 of my friends. We have all had a blast. Playing on harder difficulties makes you have to stratigize a little but keeps it fun. The only downful to this game is it is very cpu heavy there are times that your frames will drop to 10-20fps, only on some of the more intense parts even with a good computer. Hopefully they will optimize it a little in updates but for the most part I average around 80fps.At the time of me writing this I have about 38 hours in the game with my level being 37. Cant wait for the full release to get all 13 of the levels.All in all I would say you should pick this up if you enjoy co-op games or something like L4D."
76561198081805206,Recommended,235540,31666569,Posted: 10 May,all,alibayds,"Worth the money spent, especially if bought on sale. =)"
,Recommended,235540,31669856,Posted: 10 May,all,SFO Rogue Solidus,Brought the collectors edition when on sale for 10 quid and it has been worth every penny. I wish i played this game in its prime
76561197987668595,Recommended,235540,31750828,Posted: 14 May,all,Cervantes,"This is a good, fun game to play with friends, much more interesting than L4D on the long run. It's good-looking, plays well, has a nice loot system that's pretty in-depth and RNG-based but you never really feel the need to grind, I mean you get loot you're happy you don't you can still play the game the way you want, thanks to the multiple difficulty settings and the daily quests. It respects the Warhammer lore, it features skavens, a rarely-seen foe in common medias (usually it's mostly Chaos or Greenskins).DLCs are OK, they add a bunch of cool new missions and some new weapons. The daily quests heavily encourage buying them, so sometimes you feel like it puts a bit of pressure on you to buy them. The last stand mode is really hard but not as good as the story-based missions I feel like. I bought the three story DLCs (Drachenfells, the dwarves one and Stromdorf) and I'm pretty happy with the content I have access to.The only gripe I have with the game (besides the typos in the mission briefings...) is its optimization. It's pretty abysmal, not unplayable but it's quite an unstable game, very CPU-heavy, caused me multiple crashes that I still get at random times, with or without overclock, and I have a pretty beefy rig (5820k OC 4.2ghz, 16 DDR4 ram and 1080ti). My framerate never dips super low, but the DLC maps are making it suffer quite a bit, especially the Stromdorf ones, I can go below 60. A rule of thumb is never crank anything to Extreme in the settings, especially not shadows. Keep everything at High you won't notice a difference and it will help the stability a lot.Overall I'm still very much enjoying my time in the game regardless, and the crashing is not too bad. I wish they'd make for content for this game, because it's still very active. A recommendation it is !"
,Recommended,235540,31639064,Posted: 8 May,all,MAH NAME IS JEFFF,Left 4 Rats
,Recommended,235540,28181393,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rutger,Is' good.
76561198059668375,Recommended,235540,18662084,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,JoeySTM,Do you even remotely enjoy the Left 4 Dead series? Then why don't you own this game?
,Recommended,235540,18556490,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mettil,"Incredibly similar to L4D with a focus on melee combat.  Overall a fun game but not without issues.Performance is good overall though I wish the game would give you control over the post processing effects so people with sub-recommended specs could eek out more frames.  The game is CPU heavy.  I have a FX-8320 that I've overclocked to 4.0Ghz.  This is below the recommended CPU for AMD and I experience frame drops down to 30-40fps in heavy fighting and scenic open areas of maps.  My CPU temp approaches 58C and my mobo approaches 65C.  A little high, but doable.  If you have a comparable or lower end CPU be prepared to sacrifice visual fidelity for stable framerates.  I hope this improves after beta or we at least get more control over the graphics settings come launch.With the exception of the gatling gun rat, the special enemies are carbon copies of L4D special zombies.  Managing supplies throughout the level works exactly the same as in L4D as well.  The developers played it very safe.  You have your main melee weapon, a secondary ranged weapon, a slot for a medical item, a slot for a buff item (extra speed/melee damage), and a slot for a bomb.  Sound familiar?  With Warhammer being such a diverse property, I'm disappointed the developers didn't try something new with special enemies or items.As you play each level you find tomes.  Tomes are slotted in your inventory over medical items.  Having a tome in your inventory at the end of a level gives you a bonus die for the loot system at the end of each round.  You can also find bonus die on special Skaven.  At the end of each round, you roll dice to determine the quality of your loot reward.  The more die roll a glyph or rune or whatever it is, the better quality item you get.  Total RNG with no care given to what class you're playing at the time.  You could be playing a dwarf and unlock gear for the wizard.  This means you can swap heroes easily to try out new gear, but it also makes finding gear for a specific character you prefer a slog.  Gear can be upgraded to unlock special passive bonuses using material gained from salvaging items.  Alternatively, 5 items of the same quality can be upgraded to a random item of the next rarity level.Co-op vs AI is the only game mode.  As far as I know, there are no plans for a competitive mode where players also control special Skaven.  At $30, I think it's a fair price for the amount of content promised and replayability via the loot system.  If you were expecting this game to be something more than L4D, you might be disappointed.Edit:  Skaven have oddly long attack range for melee.  Melee attacks from even basic Skaven can hit you through objects and through other Skaven.  In choke points, you'll often be hit by melee attacks you never see because many of the models mush together.  All characters dodge the same distance and it's often useless unless timed perfectly since enemies will track you when telegraphing their attack."
76561198003319384,Recommended,235540,31758495,Posted: 14 May,all,Beast.T.Ali.T,First impressions very good.Played as Gimli and pinned a rat to the wall with a crossbow. Yay!Legolas was a bot though and kept running off to steal my glory by fighting a hundred rats as once. Damn Elves!
76561197962154707,Recommended,235540,18782206,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Netstormx,"Great game for the price. Features 4 person co-op. Mages, Archers, Melee, etc.Very fast paced game which makes it great for a quick game before work, or school.There are only about 13 maps, which go by very fast, but you can play them again at higher level which is more difficult.The devs have mentioned they will be adding new free maps, and paid content in between the free stuff.  This should keep the game going for a good while, and keep the player numbers at a decent level.Overall, it's worth the $30 if you're into co-op games."
,Recommended,235540,33668307,Posted: 20 July,all,All Might,"The only thing that would improve this game is if it was in the 41st millenium, and there were Orks instead of Skaven. Get on that please, Fatshark."
76561197972436745,Recommended,235540,26639556,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,HollywoodGarage,I like it better than L4D2. Workshop support would be appreciated.
,Recommended,235540,18716258,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Panda6100,"Actually better than L4D, little glitchy though, needs some updates."
76561198039539922,Recommended,235540,33393588,Posted: 8 July,all,sMOKE GloryHero,10/10 would get destroyed by rats again
76561198370643690,Recommended,235540,33320760,Posted: 6 July,all,Yung dagger dick,"This is my first review so I apologise if this is not very good.I personally love this game, I am a big warhammer fan and a big Left for Dead fan too. The similarity between L4D and this game is very obviously there; but Vermintide makes the game even better in my opinion. Like many other revieweres have said, this game is very ""grindy"", especially to get the best weapons. However, this is not something that put me off because there are five levels of difficulty and five different characters to play as, thus making a lot of playthroughs unique in many ways.My only gripe with this game is the community. I know that no game community is perfect, however I have had more bad experiences with this game than many others. Having said that, it is not all bad - I have met some people on the game who truly are team players, unlike many elitests you find, who just because you are a low level (or lower than them) believe that this somehow makes you unable to play the game correctly.All in all, this game is truly a work of art, and has nowhere near the publicity that it deserves. I may have had some bad experiences, but that does not mean you will too. 9/10, one of the best games I have had the pleasure of playing,Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,235540,33014110,Posted: 29 June,all,msavard,Still a good fun even if it came out last year
,Recommended,235540,33675676,Posted: 20 July,all,hirou,"L4D - like game in Warhammer universe, much more focused on team dynamics and melee fighting. Definitely recommend for as long as we don't have L4D3"
76561197965201177,Recommended,235540,33264339,Posted: 5 July,all,Rooch,Amazing
76561198054410153,Recommended,235540,33284650,Posted: 5 July,all,Manhs,"A very fun coop game with his own things, magical weapons, shield, stuff i like, need more dark fantasy fps! Can't stop to play it actually, there is a lot to do!!If you want a fps with a deep dark fantasy atmosphere who is played in coop, it's for you!"
,Recommended,235540,33285920,Posted: 5 July,all,BGFH,"I don't know anything about the Warhammer universe, but it doesn't matter because this game is still great.  If you liked Left 4 Dead or first person melee combat co-op, there's a lot to like here."
,Recommended,235540,33300764,Posted: 5 July,all,Incarn,"This is crazy....So I feel like I need to add a little back story before the review...I played this game at release and had no fun, people were constantly leaving games, people would not bother healing you if you went down, just a ton of things that were bothering me enough so that I refunded it the first time I bought it...Fast forward to now, I log in and play 8 matches and not only did people try to revive me when I went down I had players healing me, the overall experience this time around is like night and day. So let's go to the review...Pros ++ Looks good.+ Characters are interesting.+ Very left4dead but with an actual persistant reason to play.+ The RNGesus is somewhat with me.+ Players so far are very helpful and want to succeed as a group.Cons -- Not a lot of variety in character classes.- Some of the pathing for some of the mobs is kinda, uh buggy?- When RNGesus gives me a weapon for something I am not interested in playing. Which in other games this isn't a big deal because loot comes so often but in this you get ONE chance every ten or fifteen minutes.Overall: I recommend it, as a bit extra advice play with friends."
,Recommended,235540,33338329,Posted: 7 July,all,maskmanmarks,"Good game. Really satisfying when cutting through rats, good easy to understand mechanics as well as a large variety of weapons suiting different play styles and different characters.Great game"
76561198105034993,Recommended,235540,33342749,Posted: 7 July,all,HERESY,Perfectly represents the Warhammer themes and world. 10/10.
,Recommended,235540,29887912,Posted: 12 February,all,[SAP]CommanderA,"A solid game. A clone of Left 4 Dead in some ways, but improved upon immensely. (Plus, it is Warhammer, whats not to like?) It has: A leveling system, a quest/bounty board system, character loadouts, inventory management, item modification and improvements, etc etc etc.  There is quite a lot of stuff in this game actually, I just wish that they had added in a few more missions to the main map, rather than relying on the DLC to provide more missions.However, that is where I don't recommend the game, where the DLCs come in. Key quests/bounties can sometimes be locked behind them, which is unfair to people without them, and I don't particularly like the DLC maps. You can play the DLC if the host of your game has it, but you still cannot accept the quest, which is stupid.Oh well, overall a good game, fun to play with friends, but don't expect too much from the randoms who join in."
,Recommended,235540,28529605,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,zwanglos,"After a full year and I still heavily enjoy this game.Have had a lot of friends let down by the recent Space Hulk: Deathwing, and my thoughts are that for all the things that Space Hulk got wrong, Vermintide got right. And the few things Space Hulk got right, Vermintide got right a year ago anyway.+ stable+ very, very satisfying combat. Mowing down a row of ratmen with a giant two-handed hammer strike has such a satisfying crunch.+ actual equipment progression outside of one play session+ gorgeous level design+ good voice acting, just like cousin Okri used to do, with enjoyable exchanges between the characters. My dwarf was singing old dwarven drinking songs as he descended into besieged courtyards so we could drop powderkeg bombs in rat holes.+ overwhelming, difficult enemies. I won't say that they're brilliant fighters, because they ain't, but they come from EVERYWHERE and if you're not in top form then you're going to get overwhelmed very, very quickly. And even if you are in top form you might get overwhelmed anyway because of a random Rat Ogre.The only major complaints that people generally have for this game are lack of content and difficulty scaling up their weapons.To the former I can only say that 1) it still has double the levels of Space Hulk and 2) DLC has been coming out routinely that adds another 3 levels, and those levels have in some instances blown the original ones out of the water in terms of detail. The latest Karak Azgaraz dwarven halls missions were fantastic. Best of all, ONLY THE HOST needs to own the DLC.To the latter, I think that the fairly recent Quests and Contracts system has sped up getting good gear significantly. Took me a month to get a really good hammer for my soldier. After Q&C, I got really good melee AND ranged weapons for THREE of my characters, after less than two weeks. Only downside to Q&C is that apparently you only unlock it after completing all of the Ubersreik (read: doesn't include DLC) missions, but you can do that on any difficulty anyway."
76561198080326463,Recommended,235540,28878201,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,xXMagnusXx,"Awesome game.Only one thing needs to be fixed:  Y'know how in left 4 dead, if one bot fell off the edge and started hanging there, the other bots would slip and fall off trying to help him up.The bots here do that too.   If one bot falls.  The rest fall too, for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason at all.They need to make the AI immune to falling off ledges, since they cant seem to make the AI smart enough to not jump off the ♥♥♥♥ing cliff if they see another bot do it."
,Recommended,235540,28819894,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WhataTater,Left for dead but in Warhammer Fantasy and with rats. It's pretty dang good.
,Recommended,235540,30520178,Posted: 14 March,all,Matzuek,"Love the concept of this game. It would be incredible if it was taken over by a triple A company, had a ton more levels, equipment, and enemies, and had true armor and weapon upgrades in the same vein as something like Skyrim or Dark Souls artstyle to allow me to build myself into a huge armored warrior or something.Tons of potential, but as of now there is nothing besides the initial novelty of the game. After I killed a few thousand rats I couldn't help but be bored. The upgrade system was incredibly stale. I still give it a thumbs up for giving me and my friend a really fun weekend."
76561198062697828,Recommended,235540,23389633,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kougasan,"As a veteran Left 4 Dead player, I expected some of the same tropes as that game series.  But this one blew my expectations out of the water.  The loot drops, finding the tomes/grimoires on each map, and the active melee combat makes this game a stand out horde survival style game."
,Recommended,235540,20206762,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sofakinghuge,If you like Left 4 Dead and Chivarly you will absolutely love this game. It's a nice combination of the two with an added loot system that makes replaying much more fun.
,Recommended,235540,20781934,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Abnormally Juicy,"It feels lackluster and has a problem that Payday 2 hasIn which you NEED friends if you want to have a good time, especially if you don't live in AmericaIn which have fun trying to dodgeThe Australian playerbase of this game is about 5 people and a dead koala.The game also gets repetitive after a while.3 hours in and you've already seen the extent of everything, enemy types, weapon types and all the mission layouts.Also slightly buggy and peanut AI but its a co-op so who cares.It's still a well made and balanced game but just gets boring.Its a hit or miss entirely on melee combat."
,Recommended,235540,18646594,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pamira,"Like left4dead with swords, spells and unique map desings."
76561198012544842,Recommended,235540,33870584,Posted: 28 July,all,Briggs,"It's left for dead with loot, what else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,235540,19119885,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,UnlivingGnome,"Warhammer: End Times- Vermintide is a COOP FPS survival game with five playable heroes (four of which are in a game at any given time) against a merciless tide of Ratmen. The game plays quite similarly to the Left 4 Dead franchise, which is great for those already familiar with the gameplay there. Different weapon types for each Hero offer a great deal of variety, and the upgrades you can get to these weapon can differ from those that another person gets from an identical weapon, making no two weapons alike (For the most part). Loot quality is improved by collecting certain items throughout a map to be rolled as dice at the end. I've had no frustrations with the items I've gotten, and I was able to hold my own on Hard mode the second I started this game without much trouble. I haven't experienced much in the way of bugs, and the 13 different levels offer a variety in the areas you play in.In conclusion? Buy it. You probably won't regret it."
,Recommended,235540,21276958,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ArmlessLeglessGoatlessLittleBoy,"Good game, but it crashes half my runs, escpecially if it is a good run."
,Recommended,235540,20878011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Khogn,"This is basically a harder Left 4 Dead with focus on melee combat and with roleplay elements such as persistent levelling system with XP, and a loot system with new weapons that can be combined and upgraded. Great gameplay, music and graphics. However, you do not get the same adrenaline rushes as in L4D2, which makes Vermintide a slightly inferior variant."
76561198072022352,Recommended,235540,18556284,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The First Fallen,"Left for Dead meets warhammer, what's not to like?don't run off it will mean death, work as a group, take your time and help each other  or death will follow even on easy, but really enjoying this game can't wait for full release 10/10"
76561198141408594,Recommended,235540,33718367,Posted: 22 July,all,sijekyrdanair,"I've got a friend who has 3500 hours of gameplay.Can't be that bad.It's really good if you play with friends :) if not, well sometimes it's hard find people playing. Only sometimes."
,Recommended,235540,20144612,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tangens,"I love in this game :Blood , but it's kinda dirty.Big bad ratsFunny dwarf that i'm playin each time in this game.Funny dialogues between characters.Nice people that can help you.Acutally i met no kids that f**k your game.Rollin items isn't bad as i thought.First missions are boring but rest are really nice.Nice graphic and physics in this game.I hate :Tomes and grimoires that changes their possison each week ( maybe? i'm not sure)These rats... i prefer killin... everything but not rats.AI is horrible ( I mean bots when you can't find someone). Sometimes they are OK. but usually they f**k your game.Actually the game is good , when you're playin with friends , but you don't need friends, ( noone needs , people sucks) you can play with random people.8.5/10"
76561198003530627,Recommended,235540,26462457,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Spikur,"Fun, tight and hectic. And because Warhammer!"
,Recommended,235540,20432801,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,NCR Ranger ♤,"10/10 Game.Tips for new players:1. Stick together.2. Stick together.3. You can hide from the ""patrols"" of armored rats (Stormvermin) by ducking into a room, or alley.4. Stat playing on easy or normal; this game is difficult on Hard +.5. Find the highest level player in the map and stick to them like glue; do what they say, and watch their back.6. Stick together."
76561198004111319,Recommended,235540,18591721,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,A Vicious Vampire,"The summary for my review of Bad Rats 2 HD Director's Cut GOTY Edition is that it's good.  Real good.The somewhat longer version goes like this; the game stays very true to the Left 4 Dead formula in which it's based on.  You stay with your team or you die horribly.  Melee combat is visceral and enjoyable and the ranged options range from functional to downright explosive.  Gear allows some variation in play-style, though at the end of the day it's still ""kill mouseman, move on to the next.""  And that's not a bad thing; Skaven are a lot more enjoyable to kill than brainless zombies.What truly sets this game apart is the 'love' that was put into it; this is not just Games Workshop getting some money for use of their IP, this is a game  that was obviously created by people who know and enjoy the Warhammer Fantasy universe.  The Skaven are appropriately ratty, and the player characters are brilliantly vocalized, delivering lines exactly as a diehard Warhammer fan would expect to hear."
,Recommended,235540,20157412,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,bweeeeeh,I can pretend I'm Legolas while playing LOTR soundtrack in background10/10 its a mastapeece
,Not Recommended,235540,18706451,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Valletta Meme Master,"I take back what I said earlier.This game was not ready to be released.It has since been in decline.The loot system is bad. You can play on Cataclysm, collect all tomes and grimores and only get a blue, throwing your hard work out the window.It's buggy, the specials are bugged which cause you to fail missions. It's not very well optimized even with a overclocked 4790k and 970 I dip below 60fps.Some missions are not very well balanced and can only be beated by pure luck.I want this game to be good, I really do, but being a small studio I don't think they can handle this."
,Recommended,235540,27411278,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sarcastic Sam,"Excellent co-op horde mode gameplay set in expansive and beautifully crafted levels with satisfying combat and difficulty. Vermintide is, for me, the pinnacle of its genre. While not perfect (looking at you, RNG loot system), the absolute chaos that occurs when facing a charging swarm of rats is rarely found in games, especially if you find yourself separated from your teammates.Vermintide is a must-play for anyone who enjoys co-op and/or has a dedicated group of gaming friends."
,Recommended,235540,18737717,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,rynee,"It's a good game, but the small team of developers should fix all the bugs before releasing it as 1.x."
76561198089645223,Recommended,235540,19866723,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"My first Warhammer game. Its basically Left 4 Dead 2 with giant rats, a focus on melee combat, classes, and loot.So far my only complaints are the occassional bugs I've seen involving teleporting and flying skaven specials, and the fact that certain weapons like the handgun and blunderbuss don't have reloading animations, they just move off the screen like how weapons in Star Wars Battlefront 2 would in first person. Its kinda awkward and makes it difficult to tell how much longer the reload will take, but I'm sure it won't bother some people.Desync has a habit of instantly killing you for whatever reason. Pretty annoying.As someone who actually didn't enjoy L4D2 that much, so far I've had a lot of fun with Vermintide. I'll update the review more once I've played a bit more."
76561197988379691,Recommended,235540,23244295,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DeathToGamer,Great game. combat is rewarding and challenging. Harder difficulties are very very hard! gives great replay value
76561198006844203,Recommended,235540,18867824,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,AFlyingKangaroo,A great game that deliver a good hack and slash and cooperative play with some interesting twists. Get it.
,Recommended,235540,29237403,Posted: 13 January,all,redp,"Vermintide is an excellent game that takes classic Left4Dead game mechanics and develops them. It is polished, interesting, and fun.And cheap."
76561198006272589,Recommended,235540,24179883,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ael,"It's a great bit of fun when you get a good team. The combat is engaging, and it can be horrifically difficult on higher levels. It isn't flawless, though. There are problems with random disconnects, and the peer-to-peer system means if the person who started the game lags out or quits, there goes your group and you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥for the run. Still recommend it, though."
76561198035974710,Recommended,235540,24149120,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AlexZ,Left 4 Dead had a baby with warhammer and this was the result.  :)
,Recommended,235540,24184904,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cold Birb,Very fun Left 4 Dead styled game set in the Warhammer universe. Has five characters to choose from and allows customization of each one.Haven't really had many problems with finding public matches.10/10 - Finally able to fulfill my dream of being a medieval pest control expert.
76561198052313621,Recommended,235540,18669491,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Nazrat,"Combat - awesome. i shout arnold quotes at my screen while i hack rats apart. gunplay surprisingly good hitboxes slightly weird tho.Sound- voice acting great, sometimes they shout they see an assassin when its not even on screen tho, psychics i guess. gun sounds, hack sounds, wave cues, all great. music in tavern, awesome.Graphics- i couldnt tell you, really, i run it on lowest hahaPackage- DLC baits. expect it soon. No microtransactions. Loot chances pathetic, keeps u grinding. highly difficult on anything above normal difficulty - offers alot of replayability cos of this. built in voice chat, text/chat room during loading screens. no restart map feature. AI director can be unfair. no replay map option to vote for after games. lots of people 'apparently' are badboys to other people, kicking them etc - i havent experienced this but then again im pretty good. lots of bugs n glitches with monster movement and spawns. no rewards for extra spawns, just makes it harder for no reason. loot system can be frustrating as hell cos of this. lots of people playing always, easy to find a game. AI bots are useless, makes solo play futile. devs seem to want to fix exploits and hurt cheaters rather than fix problems plaguing all the legit gamers' experience.Overall- good game, cheap but dont expect perfection. best horde coop game ive played, other than the last mission in halo reach. nothin tops that. if they made a full game of that id quit my life to play it."
,Recommended,235540,18644733,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Asseri,Pretty much a very well done Left 4 Dead clone in a lot more cooler setting!
,Recommended,235540,19460593,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gangis Humplstien,"An amazing co-op experience. It has a great atmosphere, it's combat system is just fun. The characters are well designed and have good voice actors. If you liked Left 4 dead, then you will love this, it's vastly improved with a loot system."
76561197970352405,Recommended,235540,23766336,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cardinal_UK,"So...many...rats!!Beautiful game, well balanced with some great challenges. As a fan of the L4D series I thought I would find this a bit of the same, but its just brilliant. I find this to be far more immersive...with swords...and axes...and the ability to set yourself on fire."
76561198062244234,Recommended,235540,29661419,Posted: 2 February,all,✪Chrysalism♥SeraphZ,"Pretty awesome, feels like L4D2 but i like the addition of extensive melee weapons and aoe spells. Graphics are great, thematic feel is impressive as well!"
,Recommended,235540,23765466,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nontoxical,"The comparrison has to be made to left 4 dead, and I have to say it feels just as good as the zombie games it came from, if not better. Melee combat vs hordes of enemies in coop is fun."
76561197991157240,Recommended,235540,31891287,Posted: 21 May,all,epoch1222,"Fantastic game, fun to solo and Fantastic with some buds. Diffucilty levels for every type. Would recommend to any one who loves constant action and simplistic game play."
,Recommended,235540,29056006,Posted: 6 January,all,mscigniew777︻デ═一,"Vermintide is co-op multiplayer game in a style of L4D series,that takes place in the Warhammer universe.The problem I had with L4D was lack of incentive to keep playing after I finished all scenarios.Vermitide attemps to give me that incentive in 2 ways,first the game offers 5 heroes,each plays a lil different,second game offers unlockables,its a step in the right direction.RnG sucks but it has to,if the game would give you all unclokables for very lil effort,that incentive to keep playing would be taken away from you very fast.Vermintide started off as a technical mess,optimazation is still very far from perfect,you have to choose either play in ultra full HD 3D on 50 screens or have a smooth experience on medium settings and window mode.The game itself offers a challenging experience on variety (10+)of maps,each with different objectives,there is no deep story,Skavens attack the city and your job is to stop them,however its enough of an excuse to immerse yourself into the world of Warhammer.The game is harder than L4D,each battle may result in death of the entire team and failure of a scenario,for me its a good thing but not everyone will like that,still I recomend it,especially to everyone who enjoyed L4D."
76561198001816322,Recommended,235540,26607748,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,orborborb,"Although I am a huge fan of Destiny, I believe Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide (and also Metroid Prime: Federation Force) provide better co-op first person combat experiences than Destiny raids. And all of them are more fun than Left 4 Dead or Borderlands games."
76561198079281501,Recommended,235540,26613175,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Psychosoph,"The first missions with bots is really hard, but it gets better.Try to play easy or normal to farm equipment and improve your skills, gaming skills. Also learn the maps.Then use the lobby browser. Please do not enter hard+ games if you are underequipped.Get to know how to play your favorite charakter.Follow this and the community is really nice and fair! (My experience)The game looks amazing. In the short breaks between all the hack&slay you should do some sighseeing!"
,Recommended,235540,27596273,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JoeMoustache,Good Good. Fun Fun. Buy Buy.
,Recommended,235540,26523988,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TBomb,"This game is great. It runs smoothly and bug-free on my PC.However, many of the complaints about this game are valid. My friend was unable to play this game; it blue-screens his computer after 2 minutes of gameplay.So I highly recommend this game, if you can play it."
76561198274509519,Recommended,235540,33047398,Posted: 30 June,all,Eviliz,I'm Loving this game so Far :D/
76561198258581165,Recommended,235540,33037351,Posted: 30 June,all,Matt (hun/eng),"If you don't know wether to buy the game or not, here's a question for you: Would you enjoy cutting, slaying, beheading, hammering, bludgeoning, shooting, piercing, burning, exploding, bashing, and in general killing hundreds of thousands of furry little bloodbags with 3 other badass heroes in an apocalyptic fantasy world while running through a map over and over until you realise it's 2 in the morning and you should probably sleep? If yes buy this game. If you think it sounds boring, don't buy. It's that simple.This isn't a game that you'll finish when you clear the last map, this is a game that you play when the little devil inside you shouts louder than the angel and you're like ""well f**k, i wanna butcher a whole army"". Then you sit down and fire up Vermentide instead of getting yourself imprisoned for the rest of your life. Or you play it 'cause you have nothing else to do and wanna have some fun.The game is very team orientated, you generally want to have real people intead of bots. Not because they are that horrible, but 'cause you need human thinking to be an effective team. The game pretty much forces you to count on your teammates/teambots, You'll never find yourself alone. Well not for long at least, because when you do find yourself alone, you ain't gonna live to complain about it. No, you won't pull some rambo BS, you'll die, so always stick together.While the community is really small, it certainly isn't dead. You'll always find someone to play with. If the matchmaking isn't working, you can always go to the lobby and look for matches worldwide, you're sure to find one. And just in case you still fail, you can just look for a team on the steam forums. Or play with the bots. Yes, they suck, but they get the job done.A lot of people say that the game is grindy. It really isn't. Yeah, getting the best weapons take a lo of time and a lot of loot that you get at the end of a level, but you don't need those weapons. The game is fun (and possible) with the ones you start with, every upgrade is just extra. And if you consider playing the levels grinding, and you don't have fun in the process, then you might want to stop playing. Everything you need to enjoy the game is given to you at the moment you launch the game for the first time. Wether you enjoy it or not is up to you and your taste.As for the bugs (cause apparently they exist), they are not game breaking, and hardly noticeable. In fact i don't think i've seen more than one little bug, i've only read about the others. And they aren't that bad either. Granted, the developers should have fixed them (they might have, i don't have much info on this topic), but it doesn't make the game less fun.And just a note, the sound effects are AMAZING! It's just so darn satisfying to smack a ratman in the head with a hammer and hear that ""CLUNK"".Oh and if the gameplay looks good, but you don't like the whole fantasy setting, check out left4dead (modern weapons, modern setting, zombies, crappy meelee). This game basically copied it, made it fantasy, made the meelee combat not suck and be actually fun, and added some extras. Personally, i think this game is way better, but that's because i'm into fantasy and i hate modern stuff. Everyone has a different taste. This game fits mine way more than left4dead."
,Recommended,235540,23292898,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Guns,"This game is absolutley one of my favorite First-Person games I've played in a couple years. I love the combat system in thisgame, though it may remind you of a certain series (Left 4 Dead, also one of my favorite games of all time). Using the lore of Warhammer: End Times is a great concept and though I am prasing this game I still have some issues with it. So here is my list of Pros and Cons with the game.Pros: 1. The combat system: The use of both hand to hand and ranged weapons in the game gives that since of immersion that a lot of FPS' don't have these days.2. The lore: I myself didn't know a lot about Warhammer lore before I played this game, as a matter of fact I was hyped about it because of the new Total War title that was coming out. After playing 5 hours of this game I was hooked, I researched a lot about Warhammer fantasy and now I'm looking at 40K(and it is amazing)!Cons:1. Repetition: Like it says though I've only played 15 hours of this game and it is not because I don't like it, I love this game. The reason I don't play this game like I used to is because I just got repetitive. The main villian of the game are known as the Skaven, ( giant rat people) and its like Left 4 Dead in the sense that you fight the same enemies ever level.Same bosses, same infantry, the one redeeming factor about this is that you can counter the enemies quickly.2. The Grind: This part of the game makes me sad. To get descent weapons you are going to have to play the same levelsover and over and over again just to get enough XP and gemstones to upgrade and get loot. With the each DLC comes more objectives and weapons, but to get them takes close to 8 hours of grinding. My group of friends and I would try and get loot and it took us 4 hours of playing the same exact levels! That is a major problem with this game.Overall, this game is great for the price and it will definitely provide you with hours of fun and grinding83/100"
76561197970293549,Recommended,235540,23323435,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Joshmosis,"This is a great game with a disappointingly low player base. Sure, it\'s heavily inspired by Left 4 Dead, but to me, it does everything that game does, but better. Fun classes, fun action, creepy levels, hoards of enemies and loot! Play it and spread the word. Keep this game alive."
,Recommended,235540,23316434,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Oi!rumerad,"Awesome game!Game mechanics are nice, the graphics are astonishing and the fun never ends.As soon as you close the game you want to play more of it.The only downside is the missing SLI support.Fans of the Warhammer universe will already love this game before they even played it."
76561197985354787,Recommended,235540,27593728,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JadenCat,"A great game, I wish I had looked into this one sooner as I usually pass over warhammer titles.4 player co op, lots of fun"
76561198007209535,Recommended,235540,26624059,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Darth Chocula,"Great game, but the loot system is merciless"
,Recommended,235540,18655607,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Stupid Sexy Saltzpyre | trade.tf,"For anyone who misses L4D, don't read this, buy the game.It plays very similar: 4 player co-op, special skaven with similar abilities as the infected attempting to disrupt your progress. Search for caches of health and items to help you survive along the way. Sound plays a very heavy element in gameplay, both to warn you of special skaven appearences, but also incoming blows and directions of approaching hordes. I think its necessary to play with headphones, if you're working on the difficulties when dodging every hit matters.Combat is much more melee-centric. Ammunition is limited for many weapons, and some ccharacters are built with stronger melee in mind. Many ranged choices are for dealing with stray rats and specials quickly, and few are more effective against the hordes than melee. The specialization of each character's arsenal improves on the L4D model by not giving everyone the exact same vulnerabilities; there's plenty more opportunity for coordination, and rewards for keeping each other safe.Obviously there are more missions than L4D ever had. With all dlc I'm guessing theres well over 30 areas, and with 5 tiers of difficulty you can choose just how fragile you want to be when you attempt them...I've been playing near-nonstop since release, and yet to feel like it's becoming repetative. I've still not mastered 2 or 3 of the characters, but since unlocked every weapon and nearly all of the trinkets (passive buff items, you can wear three at most)."
76561198084920733,Recommended,235540,20161175,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Morten,Swift Moves!
,Recommended,235540,35079193,Posted: 20 September,all,Vhal,Bardin comes pre-ducked.
76561198091223751,Recommended,235540,19543003,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Lord Skrampton,Very challenging and very fun. Loot could be better. Luck of the dice is not strong with this one. Going to need constant content to stay interesting.
76561198086744574,Recommended,235540,27847064,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elysaurus,"After playing this, I found my ravaged body was blessed by holy Sigmar."
,Recommended,235540,27856855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NiZkel,One of the best coops and best in WH universe.
76561197982872328,Recommended,235540,27898748,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FluXx,a great coop game to enjoy with your friends or to find some friends online
76561198026608541,Recommended,235540,27909150,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Luckshot187,"Just a quick review here, but it can't be said enough Teamwork,Teamwork,Teamwork, is the key to this game. If your the sort who likes to play Rambo then you will find this a bit of a let down. I can't say what the DLC is like yet but it looks like it could be interesting."
76561198012654510,Recommended,235540,27912820,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crimson,10/10 Cheese Physics
,Recommended,235540,27914153,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,devilsinn,Very good melee based l4d clone.
76561197970487986,Recommended,235540,27915574,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Majdumbass,"good game, fun to play"
76561198119165705,Recommended,235540,27933160,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ho lee fok,best game
,Recommended,235540,27937386,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Inferous,"It's like Left4Dead but with rats instead of zombies, better objectives and more interesting maps. Also you're in Warhammer Fantasy."
,Recommended,235540,27958554,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DestructiveIdeas,Gritty warhammer fantasy experience with the best parts of Left 4 Dead and a very variable difficulty. Great with a few friends.
,Recommended,235540,27964999,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xamich,"This game is really fun, if you are playing with a few friends. The classes are fun, and combat system is great in its simplicity. Team play is a must to succeed, Vermintide is a lot like Left 4 Dead but instead of zombies, it's set within Warhammer lore."
76561198052449075,Recommended,235540,27970075,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,verinenparsa,"After a year or so the game has come a great way to be more user friendly and doesn't cater only to the hc crowd. Weapons are easier to come by and quests give the player something to strive for. Down side would be the lack of beginner players and because of that getting into the game could be hard as the learning curve is quite steep.The game is for those who like playing with friends, possibly left for dead and warhammer lore.The experience is also passable without friends.If you are not sure if you would like the game, go to youtube and look at some gameplay vids and then make the decision.Happy playing"
,Recommended,235540,27976703,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marty Chang,"There are a lot of reviews saying the loot system isn't that great, but I'm going to counter those opinions by saying that I'm looking for a different experience playing Vermintide. For me, the game isn't about grinding for quality loot but picking up a fun cooperative game that's similar to Left 4 Dead but in the Warhammer universe.A list of the Pros and Cons:ProsFun cooperative gameplayChallenging difficultyUnique mapsInteresting charactersYou get to tear apart hordes of skaven filthConsA decent amount of graphical errorsGame can be buggy at times (Rat Ogres spawning and being unable to move, Assassins in an endless loop of walking forward and teleporting back)Not a huge amount of stagesLoot is primarily luck basedTeammate AI is horridBasically, if you think you can consistently find a group of friends to play this with, you can easily have a good time, as long as you can deal with the glitches and occasional frustration with your loot die. I can't speak for playing with randoms, but a friend of mine has played a lot with them and says that they're surprisingly decent. In regards to the maps, there is a DLC pack of levels out already that add to the pool and it's hinted that there will be another one shortly, which could easily expand the amount of playtime you can get from this game. Personally, I don't mind the small amount of levels because my friends and I are enjoying running through the levels on harder difficulties and knowledge of the maps helps for those.All in all, I would recommend this game, but you have to know what you want from it if you're on the fence about buying it. The devs do periodically add updates that include more things to do and, to me, it has vastly improved the game, so maybe if you're not willing to pick it up now, it'll be more enticing a few months down the road."
76561198002534659,Recommended,235540,27978128,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,comepon,(Y)
,Recommended,235540,27979210,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Toaster Roaster,"When I picked up this game, I would expect what people usually say.And yes.. It's true.. The Empire Soldier IS basically just a taller Dwarf."
,Recommended,235540,28010321,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xyllor,This game is wonderful. Play with friends for maximum fun.
76561198062827049,Recommended,235540,28011522,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The_Gentlemanly_Psycho,I've never had more fun hitting things with hammers.
76561198005218171,Recommended,235540,28014935,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MisterCram,"This game is a lot of fun if you've got enough friends for a 4-man premade. Without a full premade group, you risk the poor-quality AI allies or the possibly worse random pick-up group player.With 4 people on voice chat, it is a super fun and often stressful experience though. Thoroughly recommend for groups!"
76561198062417966,Recommended,235540,28017283,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jericho,hella good
76561197991244270,Recommended,235540,28024468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bathtub Buccaneer,"This game captures exactly what made Left 4 dead so much fun with friends, while keeping enough of a challenge and progression factor to keep each play through from feeling too much the same.  The 5 difficulty levels, and the loot system, coupled with the newly patched in quest log keep me coming back to try harder and harder difficulties with additional challenges with my friends!"
,Recommended,235540,28033068,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zilith[SSP],Basically medieval Left 4 Dead 2 with character equipment and crafting. Also lots of Skaven.
76561197961702455,Recommended,235540,28059291,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yossarian,"This game is a ton of fun.  I enjoy hearing the lore, and the updated loot system is very satisfying.  If you enjoy games like Payday and the L4D series, Vermintide is definitely worth checking out."
76561198234745616,Recommended,235540,28874797,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MindCrusader,"One of the best games ever along with Total War Warhammer, Dying Light and some others.It is not long game in terms of ""getting through all missions"", but the difficulity increase makes it really hard to beat everything. You need to get loot from won missions, you can craft new weapons, add traits to weapons etc.The best part of the game is that it is multiplayer. It is not ""singleplayer with multiplayer addition"". It is pure multiplayer (with bots it is hard and boring a little, but with players it is more interesting). You can complete daily missions to get better weapons. You don't need additional maps, only host needs it and you can play with him.The only con I see is lack of new enemies in expansions or overally in game. It would be nice to see for example orcs fighting scavens and then us. But well, everything else is brillant in this game for me!"
,Recommended,235540,29013240,Posted: 4 January,all,Explicable,"Just a fantastic game.  It is clearly based off Left 4 Dead 2, but not in a negative way.  They perfectly took everything great about that series and thrust it into the Warhammer Universe.  Having a lot of fun playing this with friends and the community is very active.  Some people are kinda rude but its what you get from any co op game when you are starting out.  The HUD is the only thing im not a big fan of but NBD, the game itself is wonderful. Definitely recommend it.  You don;t even need to buy DLC.  Only the host of the game needs to own it which is awesome."
,Recommended,235540,29019019,Posted: 4 January,all,Team Fortress 2 Fighter,"This game encompasses greatness in almost every aspect. It's mechanic and game-structure allows you to do you own play-style, but it also definitely places great importance on team work. I have never met a mean higher/more experienced level player, because if they don't cooperate with their team of four, they will fail. The scenery, the loadouts, the story, the graphics, the level structure all work hand-in-hand and Fat Shark has done a splendid job of carrying on the excellence Warhammer brings to gaming. THE ONE THING everyone cries about is weapon and loot progression: you would know advancing and progression in the dark Warhammer universe is a grimy and dark process.The game is the ground level Warhammer 1+'d L4D coop fun. Friends or not, I recommend playing this game."
,Recommended,235540,29027524,Posted: 4 January,all,LaStDaNcE,"Love it, better than left for dead and it has great RPG elements from swords to repeater guns."
,Recommended,235540,29096545,Posted: 7 January,all,Kalshin,"Awesome game.  First it was buggy, but developers really pullled it though with their updates.  Time passed on and I kept playing.  Something about this game keeps me coming back to it.  Anyway I bought all the DLCs to support the game."
76561198053598113,Recommended,235540,29232360,Posted: 13 January,all,⊰Saibot,"SIMPLE:Enjoyed Left 4 Dead 2?Love murderizing loads of enemies?Enjoy Co-Op?Dreaming about a variety of weapons ranged and melee?Get dis muddafukin' game.IN-DEPTH:The game features similar ''special/specialized'' rat types like in Left 4 Dead, hordes of rat-men to slaughter, and a WIDE range of weapons (depending on your character) from shields/swords, 2-handed melee weapons, daggers, bows, crossbows, hammers, and flame/poison weapons! Gear also have a rarity/quality system which is neat. It's quite melee-based and thankfully, the main part of the game: melee combat, is very meaty/gory and feels satisfying. If you hit a rat-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, he's gonna feel it.It also has a very entertaining loot system where exploring can either; be quite rewarding, or you'll eventually go back only to have a bowl filled with your tears. Basically, a risk vs reward situation. The entertaining part being the reward you get upon completing a mission. Depending on difficulty, and special, hidden ''books'' hidden around the map that you collect, you can acquire some of the best gear. The reward system is you rolling several dies into a metal pot, and whatever number you roll, a meter on the right will go up. The higher = the better in gear rarity/quality.Only negatives I have with the game is, it CAN feel a bit grindy and/or repetitive if you're playing alone/trying to acquire the best gear/weapons. But I tell you, it can be very rewarding and worth it, and just try to not let that feel of grinding/repetitive get to you. There's also not alot of content, missions-wise, in the base-game, there's only about 8. The DLC's thankfully tho, are very nice.Game is overall good, feels very nice and is quite fun, gives me Chivalry and Left 4 Dead vibes together which is cool, but I think shines the most in co-op with amigos."
76561198043431643,Recommended,235540,29507536,Posted: 26 January,all,MegaSmitten,"This review is from the standpoint of someone who hasn't played any other Warhammer game; and that is a compliment. Vermintide on the surface seems like a copy of Left 4 Dead zombie horde co-op, and you wouldn't be wrong. It has many of it's aspect inspired by L4D, but it takes it's aspects and improves on them and makes it a game of it's own. The lore and fantasy in Vermintide is canon with the Warhammer universe, while also keeping it understandable or simple so new player, like myself, arn't confused. Not to mention it does have it's loading screens tell you a little lore, such as the character backgrounds, Dwarven language, and info on setting and enemy. Gameplay is really unique, where melee weapons are good for cutting down and blocking is needed to survive hits. Most ranged weapons have finite ammo, and have a good fealing of fantasy weapons and old timey weapons. If since put in many hours to this game; for what L4D lacks is reason to come back and keep going. Vermintide has a level system to unlock some weapons, and a loot system helps you customize weapons, trinkets, and best of all: HATS! This is a must buy, and your friends should also get it too for a full group."
76561198057333012,Recommended,235540,29647982,Posted: 2 February,all,Capn Yoaz,Left 4 Dead meets Warhammer Fantasy.  So good!
,Recommended,235540,29696335,Posted: 4 February,all,CrocDAman,"Great L4D-esque game set in the Warhammer Fantasy world. The game can be very unforgiving, so don't expect an easy game!"
76561198042301281,Recommended,235540,29707922,Posted: 4 February,all,✠ Captain Comrade,"Have not played in quite some time, but my gripe at the time was lack of mission variety; other than that, fantastic game."
76561198065241730,Recommended,235540,35193659,Posted: 24 September,all,AurumWeaver,Rat Cooking Simulator 2017 - Apocalypse edition
,Recommended,235540,27842857,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Goat Team 6,"This game is one of the Best Co-Op Experiences available. It may not be ""story driven"" but it's about murdering rats with all kinds of weaponry and that's damn okay with me!"
,Recommended,235540,27898698,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OrichalcumPlus,"This game is L4D almost exactly. Take everything from L4D change up the special infected a little, make the playable characters actually different, add in more campaigns and a loot system and you have this game. I think its fantastic as a big L4D fan."
76561198027533627,Recommended,235540,27899480,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Haxlander,This game satisfies my OCD on so many levels.Great feel to the combat.Constant desire to earn upgraded gear.The bots are mostly uselessly awful though.Excellent developer that really cares about the game and community.
,Recommended,235540,28006473,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cam,Rats.
76561197992240222,Recommended,235540,29573035,Posted: 29 January,all,Dadger Ben,"This game is frequently described as a ""Left 4 Dead clone"", which is a fair comparison on one hand, but I believe also doesn't do the game the justice that it deserves.While the horde mechanics are similar, the Skaven themselves are far more fascinating enemies to fight, having AI that is almost shockingly intelligent at times (e.g. individual skaven sometimes flattening themselves against a wall, hoping you won't notice them), paired with very well done, and frequently amusing, voice acting. Instead of just fighting waves of zombies with the occasional powerful zombie, the Skaven are foes with a personality, making them far more fun to fight and making each individual kill a satisfying act of catharsis.Not only are the skaven interesting, but the colourful cast of characters are just as unique in individual class mechanics as they are in personality and appearance. Voice acting is convincing and well done, and very frequently entertaining as the characters make sarcastic quips at one another that give them very tangible chemistry. Each character is different to play in their own way, and I personally found that every character is fun to play in their own way (a rarity in games with a class system, in my experience!).Lastly, rather than the usual hunt for weapons in the Left 4 Dead series, the game instead has a randomized loot system (stay with me, I'll address this!) which rewards our intrepid heroes with weapons and trinkets when they finish a mission. While my distaste for Overwatch's random lootbox system is practically a recurring joke in my group of friends, I find the system used by Vermintide to be much more fair. Not only is it impossible to use real money to get better odds at loot (there are no in-game, pay-to-play purchases, only extra DLC that is unnecessary for an overall fun experience), but the ability to try and increase the odds in your favour plays into mechanics, where the player can loot tomes and grimoires which are hidden across the mission maps in order to get a better chance at better loot, at the price of increased mission difficulty. Furthermore, even if one has miserable luck with the loot system, there is a crafting system to help improve weapons with secondary buffs, and a prayer altar which allows the trading of crafting materials in order to receive more randomized loot, so there are several different ways to pursue the weapons a player desires, and that is excluding the recently implemented Contracts and Bounty board system.All of these factors create a thoroughly enjoyable gameplay experience, but even the experience outside of gameplay itself is made more enjoyable thanks to the continued development and support from the developers, FatShark, who listen to fan feedback far better than the majority of independent developer and publishers that I've encountered. The game was released in 2015, but brand new content and mechanics have been added to the game ever since, many of which were entirely free or at least had free content attached to them.Without a doubt, Vermintide is easily one of the best Warhammer lisenced games on the market, and is absolutely worth the full price of admission. Don't miss out, and good luck with your rat slaying! Make Cousin Okri proud!"
,Recommended,235540,29813202,Posted: 9 February,all,smashcrashthrash,"kill rats, get fat loot. the graphics are just lovely, the characters are hilarious. the weapons get really freakin cool...  & addition of the bounty board/contracts really upped the ante! love dis game."
,Recommended,235540,29830150,Posted: 10 February,all,Demosthenes,"I really dig this game, and that's saying something, because I'm normally the kind of person to invest 5-10 hours in a game and then lose interest in favor of another one. The combat in Vermintide is smooth, fast, responsive and hectic as hell. This game is like the harmonica: easy to pick up and make some noise with, but really difficult to master. Vermintide has an extremely similar appeal to Left 4 Dead as there is little in the way of an over-arching storyline, and it's really easy to just jump in and play a round or two. The characters and weapon sets are diverse, and all are equally useful and well-rounded.Vermintide is doable solo, but like most multiplayer games, is better with friends. The biggest issues with solo play surround the bots, which do reasonably well on Easy and Normal difficulties, but when you need to up your game to play even Hard, but especially Nightmare and Cataclysm, they become essentially useless due to their skewed item/attack priorities. Don't let this put you off, however. The online community is very welcoming to new players, and the lobby browser is fluid and easy to navigate. You can pretty much find a group to play any map on any difficulty, at any time, and join in seconds.I also highly recommend the DLC map packs as well, as they add 6 new maps and a bunch of new weapons. FatShark is continually updating the game and have vastly improved the number of ways that you can upgrade your gear and get new gear."
76561198017603761,Recommended,235540,29834292,Posted: 10 February,all,Bitoku,"Well optimised, good game mechanics and great depth of gameplay. Has its own style compared to l4d and payday."
76561198124263490,Recommended,235540,30572898,Posted: 17 March,all,DannyC,"Good game and deff worth buying, a lot of people will say its basicly just a clone of Left for dead with magic and more melle orientated. And to them i say your right, and wrong. Yes in many ways its the same but there is one major diffrence, the Warhammer Lore, wich makes this game so much more then just a hack and slash. The game is fast paced and really fun! To play well you do need  decent comptuter otherwise you will get lag, wich can be a massive problem for this game as it is designd to be played with other people. Whilst you can play on your own, and somtimes it might be prefrible if you keep getting matched with noobs, its just not as fun. Would heartly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,235540,34985287,Posted: 15 September,all,Bill,Friendship Ended with Killing FloorNow Vermintide is my best Friend
,Recommended,235540,27897023,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arcbat,"Fun game. A very enjoyable and refreshing twist on the Left 4 Dead playstyle. More fun with friends, but there are plenty of people playing it to use matchmaking or the server browser. People are complaining about the loot system but it's really not that important as far as gameplay."
,Recommended,235540,35210563,Posted: 25 September,all,seattle nightlife,its nice and its fun
,Recommended,235540,20867291,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,WaterBustard The PolyDactyl,"GREAT GAMEWarhammer: End Times - Vermintideis an all-around great and entertaining game that has a lot of content and with a great sound track and stunning visuals, along with plenty of atmosphere, which is never bad.This game combines some of the best qualities of online team play and zombie (skaven in this case) butchering creating this amazing product. Each player has a choice from five champions, each with unique abilities and weapons to choose from. In each level you play you have a certain goal you need to accomplish as a team where you will also be fighting waves upon waves of various skaven. At the end of each successful level, there is also a great random loot system based on how successful you were.Although much of the game is fast paced, occasionally stopping and looking at the surroundings isamazing; you can clearly tell that the developers put a ton of work into this.The developers in this game are always trying to improve the game and add new content☆☆☆☆☆☆☆ 7/7"
,Recommended,235540,28242828,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,bocajsisback,its always sunny in Philadelphia the gangs all here you got the entire cast.
,Recommended,235540,35166883,Posted: 23 September,all,LimpBiscuitmcmuffindoubledeluxe,"I feel like now that the game has gone on sale and there will be a good influx of new players who would like to know some more about the game before buying it. I can't reccomend this game enough, personally. You have 5 characters to choose from that all have different roles and a very large arsenal of weapons to choose from. BUT you have to unlock them in game by playing. Playing on a more difficult difficulty gives you a better chance to get better loot with the best of the items (red and orange tier) not even showing up on normal and hard difficulties.Okay now about the loot system that people seem to have a huge problem with. Assuming you complete the mission there's a screen at the end of the game that consists of 7 dice. each dice has 6 sides and a 2/6 chance to land heads up. If you pick a up a tome of which there are 3 in a mission, you get those 2/6 dice replaced with 4/6 dice. Getting a grimoire which gives a massive down side of everyone in the party losing 1/3 of their maximum health. BUT if you make it to the end of the mission, then you get a guaranteed face up dice. Some people really hate it, but personally I think it feels like good progression.Of the 5 characters, the Empire soldier, the dwarf, and the viktor saltzpyre are all mostly melee based. But Sienna and the elf are both ranged focused. However, what i like about Vermintide is that while this is while that is typically correct, you aren't forced to play it that way. You can pick up melee focused staffs (staves?) for sienna and melee focused bows for the elf. You can also choose to be more ranged as the dwarf or viktor. If you can use the weapons well, then you can do whatever you want.As a side note, try to play online. Solo is fine but you really start to feel the drag once you get to hard and nightmare difficulty."
76561198090604582,Recommended,235540,33796289,Posted: 25 July,all,Pyecat,"This game is quality.The dev team continue to add new dlc's (some for free) and fix bugs.The maps are very atmospheric and detailed and the missions are fun.You can play with AI bots if you prefer to play solo or co-op with up to 3 other players.A choice of 5 classes to play, each has a large choice of weapons tailored to suit your chosen style of rat slaying.The game characters are well rounded and well voice acted.There are different game difficulties with a perfectly pitched learning curve.Incredibly fun, skill based game.10/10"
76561198104807380,Recommended,235540,33872123,Posted: 28 July,all,Everybody Hates Chris,"This game is really fun. It has a great combat system and is very challenging at high difficulties. I recently picked up this now 2 year old game and I am shocked how much they are still doing for the game... It has quite frequent updates, recently had an event, DLC was added this year and seems like support for this game is strong, in game not a ton of lobby's  to join though... mostly people doing daily quests. Definitely worth the money (I bought it on sale .. I'd recommend waiting for a sale). Honestly the only thing I can see someone complain about is how difficult it is to get red weapons... I got a bit over 60 hrs and almost always play nightmare/cataclysm and I've never gotten a single red. I'm fine with it, but I do see this as a potential drawback for some. Overall I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,235540,34105343,Posted: 8 August,all,Ghraal,"Recommend with caveats: The game could use some heavy optimization passes and there are bugs aplenty. It will eat your VRAM up like candy, and even with high-end GPUs I would suggest turning down some options to leave room for overhead and avoid CTDs. Loot is frustratingingly slow to obtain and you absolutely need the DLC for solo farming important weapons. Difficulty level is high. There is a great puzzle to figure out with friends. Being decapitate rats? 10/10 would slice and dice again.I hope that Fatshark is able to make more Warhammer titles that continue the story in the other regions, or else create DLC for this title that moves us to a few of those areas and introduces more enemy types other than Skaven."
76561197963251826,Recommended,235540,33839388,Posted: 27 July,all,Mithorn,One of the most funny games of all time for me! :)
,Recommended,235540,34030358,Posted: 4 August,all,GreyBattleMaid,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a brilliant additon to the Warhammer series. Playing as a grittier, more efficient fire wizard gives the player a whole new perspective on Sienna Fuegonasus. With better enemies, more interesting and interactive combat and a highly engaging story, Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide makes for an amazing successor to Left 4 Dead 2. Adding much better stealth mechanics to the game provides the player with a whole new way to play the game. However, the game has a particularly short main story. Overall, Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a superb addition to the already fantastic Warhammer game series."
,Recommended,235540,34443151,Posted: 23 August,all,Grand Master Vitallion von Koltz,"Saying its like Left 4 Dead is an understatement. Mechanics are alot smoother, scenery is stunning and the dialouge is top notch. Only downside is that you have to have a constant internet connection as it uses a virtual server to save new items you aquire in and after missions.Over all the entire package is 9/10, would be 10/10 if you could play reliably offline with full features."
76561198011312090,Recommended,235540,26829436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thule,Great Co-Op experience with a lot of potential! Looking forward to more dlc and new weapons! ^^9/10
76561198075172027,Recommended,235540,28491861,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lobozo,"I love this game, i used to play l4d and l4d2 all the time at a game cafe paid so much more money than both games were ever worth, and id pay all that money all over again for this game."
,Recommended,235540,35161835,Posted: 23 September,all,Nicking Ninaj,"Don't bother waiting for a sequel to a certain zombie-themed, hoard shooter; this is the game that fills that void. It's a manic, first-person, fantasy, hack and slash, dungeon crawl with a bit of RPG dashed in. The mechanics are very similar to said zombie shooter, but this game is more substantial in that it offers loot and ""classes,"" while still keeping things relatively simple. The melee combat is the best of any first person game I've played, with very satifying weapon feedback and gore. Graphically, the game looks good, but is poorly optimized, so low end systems be wary. Audio, especially music, are superb. I wish this game had better loot and was a bit more self explanatory at times, but other than that, it's fairly easy to catch on to the basic mechanics. My biggest complaint is that I wish I would have found out about this game sooner, so I could have been spending more time killing vermin than killing zombies..."
,Recommended,235540,26955918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Garenator,"Awesome game with awesome developersThat being said, this game isn't going to be for everyone, the learning curve is somewhat steep, with the highest difficulty being near impossible even for experiences players.The loot system is also very different from other games, and while it did suck back at launch, they have added several (free) DLCs that address this issue, the current loot system is fine. Anyone still complaining about the loot system after the Q&C update either hasn't updated their review or wants their items handed to them on a silver platter with no effort.As to the DLC. This studio knows how to do DLC right. Not only are their paid DLCs reasonably priced for what you get, they also alternate between free and paid DLC. Even if you don't buy the paid ones, you can still play on those maps by joining a game hosted by someone who did buy the DLC, they don't split the community based on who bought what.The combat is visceral and fun, pretty much all the weapons are super satisfying to slice or crunch or smash rats with. You can chop off arms and heads and legs, as well as cut rats clean in half.I think a lot of people didn't know what to expect from this game, hence the negative reviews. This game is heavily dependant on teamwork, if you think you're going to run off on your own and slaughter all the rats single handedly, you will die. This game also does a really good job of poirtraying the Warhammer universe in the End Times, the voice acticing is phenomenal, both the writting and the delivery.The Characters are awesome too: The Dwarf is always half-drunk and jovial, the witch hunter has a stick up his♥♥♥♥♥ the elf is condescending to everyone, the fire wizard will mumble to herself about giant pyres of burning bodies, and the solider is always trying to boost everyone's morale.The maps are all varied, there are some where you're killing rat men in the middle of town, some you kill rat men out in the woods, some you kill rat men in caves. The maps are all true to the lore and packed with cool little visual details, all the main missions have 3 tomes and 2 grimoires hidden on them (these increase your chance of getting good dice rolls at the end of the map, with grims giving you a 100% chance dice at the expense of lowering your max health)This is one of my favorite games, but it's not going to be for everyone. If you want a deep, challenging co-op experience with a high skill ceiling, and don't mind not always getting the exact item you want every time, then this could be your next favorite game.Oh yea, you also should be okay with killing filthy rat-men. You will kill A LOT of filthy rat men."
,Recommended,235540,35063137,Posted: 19 September,all,navaraKP,"Left 4 dead with swords and rats instead of zombies. Good time solo, great time with friends."
,Recommended,235540,29723372,Posted: 5 February,all,Ghōst Kagé,"Vermintide is smart, chaotic, and beautiful. It’s a game that has gotten me hooked on Warhammer Fantasy fiction in a way I wasn’t before. It’s difficult, bloody, and it’s my favorite co-op game to come along in years."
,Recommended,235540,35470458,Posted: 4 October,all,Barettokurabu,"Not Your Father'sRootbeerLeft 4 Dead!What can I say, this game isamazing.If you always wished Left 4 Dead was a dungeon crawler, was crammed with melee weapons, had deeper combat mechanics, and loot, this is your game!You can play this game casually if you prefer.It takes a bit of time to get good loot, but the gameplay is so rewarding, feels great starting out on the lower difficulties when you're cuttin' up rats with ease, and even better once you've mastered the combat and start pushing Nightmare and Cataclysm difficulties when the rats bite back. Boy do they bite hard...Speaking of the melee combat, it has asurprisingamount of depth, and I encourage everyone who has interest in the game to look up some of the fighting mechanics just to get their feet wet.There are also mods for this game which add even harder modes, and believe me, the game is already quite challenging.Need help on your journey to become rat slayer extraordinare? The community is still going strong! Even the hardcore dudes who are doing Full Book Deathwish runs in their sleep are willing to help you learn to play!If you're looking for a fun, rewarding, skill orientented, co-op dungeon crawler, look no further, here it is!+Skill orientedcombat+Fantasticmap design+Character/Weapondiversity+Varietyof enemy types+Manydifficulty levels+Devscontinue to delivercontent updates/patches+Great and stablecommunity-Could use optimization-Steepskill gradient-P2P Matchmaking/No dedicated servers-Vermintide 2 reveal soon"
76561197972052573,Recommended,235540,23809812,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tastethecourage,"Some people complain that it's a Left 4 Dead ripoff. I would disagree with that claim , as it does enough to separate itself in my opinion. Even if it didn't -- I loved L4D and so far I love Vermintide. Very fun game to play through with 3 buddies and a bunch of alcohol. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,235540,35268892,Posted: 28 September,all,Khachatron,An impressive game. Very nice graphics. Amazing fighting process and lots of blood.
,Recommended,235540,35325429,Posted: 29 September,all,Ivorystate,Why are we let their be rats???
,Recommended,235540,23227138,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kodyd194,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide, a Warhammer game done right! I am so happy that, even in a time where the majority of Warhammer releases end up pretty garbage we can still get surprises like this. I picked this game up when it first came out, but only recently really got into it, and I have to say, seeing the game constantly improved upon and having added content makes me hopeful we can still get devs to put the Warhammer IP's to good use.Vermintide has you and a band of three other players sticking together completing missions during the ""End Times"" The literal end of the Warhammer world. With loot based progression, tons of different weapon and trinket options, five different playable characters (for now), I feel like anyone who enjoys this game is looking at hundred of hours of gameplay.In Vermintide you either go through Left 4 Dead styled campaigns or you try your luck at surviving and endless onslaught of Skaven, either way you are doomed, but with most things in Warhammer its more about the journey than the destination.I strongly recommend Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide, its one of the best Warhammer games to have released in a very, very long time."
,Recommended,235540,18720795,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Weedburner,"Its basicaly a better Version of Left 4 Dead with a  Loot-Earn System at the End of Successfull Maps,a Function to turn 5 low grade Weapons into 1 Weapon of the next tier etc..There are 11 Maps,and even easy  seting Missions are a challenge for default equippd Charackters.I heard Expansions to fight other Factions like Orks are planned as DLC.For the Low Price you get a Ton of Multiplayer Coop Fun with 5 different Playerclasses you can collect Gear for.A Witchhunter with Meele Weapons,from fencing foils to 2handers and a set of Pistols.The Elfen Archer with a set of quick daggers and swords dual wielded,the Dwarf which likes Axes alot and alsoi Crossbows,the Firemage who can do area damage Spells buz she can basicaly combust herself and has to release ""steam"" on cost of Life when casting to kuch to Quick.Amd last but not least,a Soldier who liks all types of Meele Weapons and has a short range blundebuss shotgunWhen you liked Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 you wont regret uying Vermintide"
,Recommended,235540,31728624,Posted: 13 May,all,SVEN,"Extremely sexii Steven Seagal/Dolph Lundgren/Jean-Claude Van Damme and he father game. L4D but with more melee focus and a die roll system at the end of successful missions. You roll dice which gives you loot. You have a primary and secondary weapon and you can make your own loadout based on your play style. One thing I didn't like about L4D were the characters. In this one I like them all, even though I hate wizards and elves. It can get very hard. If you have friends get it, if you don't then the bots can be your friends, so you should still get it...also online play is mandatory. You can't play this without a connection to steam, I assume because you need internet for their loot system. Kinda gay if you have no internet like me right now, but otherwise shouldn't be a problem. The exterminator is in....go kill some rats my man"
,Recommended,235540,18634634,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,walker,very fkin good
76561198018951643,Recommended,235540,18634017,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,The Zippo Man,♥♥♥♥in brutal
,Recommended,235540,21554734,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sir DiR,i ♥♥♥♥ing love it
76561198089829870,Recommended,235540,26472013,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Splendiferous Finch,"It plays pretty much exactly like Left 4 Dead, except with a class system and loot, leveling and crafting. If you're looking for something new to fill that 'frantically swinging at oncomming hordes' niche that's been left while we wait to be left for dead once more, this is your game. Worth the full price, definitely pick it up if it goes on sale. Play with friends though the bots are morons."
,Recommended,235540,18943315,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Unoid,"Excellent game from a smaller studio.graphics are 9/10, Atmosphere and immersion is outstanding.gameplay is 8/10, needs some tweaking.replayability is 10/10."
,Recommended,235540,20995579,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,i wanna sex you,Nice game
,Recommended,235540,19011528,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lomcharton,"Love this game.Definitely should buy if you loved left4dead and dead island series. The combat mechanics are well-polished and fluid, deviating from the standard hack and slash instead requiring teamwork on the harder levels to survive as well as mechanics such as dodge, block and push especially when dealing with commanders, vermintide and rat ogres. Also, the ability to be any kind of player with any character is quite encouraging. You can play a fodder clearing dwarf with a dual wielding battle-axe and dual fire pistols or a defensive dwarf with a shield and a single handed thor hammer responsible for protecting your teammates. Also, the maps are well- made, expansive and immersive almost as if open world, the visuals stunning living up the quality of the newer games and the enemies diverse requiring different approaches to deal with. Also the devs seem to take a proactive approach to continuously update this game  and the future looks bright.Only concerns i have would be the loot system as it may not be to everyone's taste and liking. Furthermore, hopefully more gamemodes will be added to the game for a larger diversity.Regardless, this is a fantastic game that i would recommend for all audiences. It will be a wonderful, fullfilling experience well worth the price to pay."
76561198254906345,Recommended,235540,19007851,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sparhawk,"Super fun game, a lot like left 4 dead but with swords/axes  and a loot system. Makes replaying a lot of fun. As you get better gear you can play harder difficulties which gives even better gear. Plus a good story with the ability to play with 3 friends makes this a great deal for 30 bucks."
,Recommended,235540,23265525,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,riskyBusiness,"Pretty good, not too shabby thoroughly enjoyed it. Yes, not many people playing these days but... Just get a few mates or play with a few bots, still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,235540,19041818,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Stray,"An excellent co-op fantasy game which offers a blend of melee and ranged combat from a first-person perspective. The objectives of each scnario are varied, but readily-understood, and I haven't yet found myself lost or confused. Exploration is rewarded in the form of boosted loot rewards for the whole team, buff and healing items, and ammunition. However, your team mustn't dally, as enemies will continue to spawn if you linger in an area.During certain events, the characters (whether controlled by a player or AI) will interact verbally, offering congratulations, warnings, and banter, but never chattering so much as to obstruct conversation or become too repetitive. Playing with a full party of humans is ideal since each team member can communicate and coordinate, but the NPC AI is perfectly adequate for playing with just two or three players."
,Recommended,235540,18525784,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,xXxPussySlayer69xXx,"Absolutely loving this so far. The game captures the dark but quirky gothic feel of the Warhammer world perfectly; scenery, weapons and dialogue all have subtle hints at the devs doing their research into the expanded Warhammer universe canon. As a lifelong fan of the franchise/setting, this pushes every button for me."
76561197972516445,Recommended,235540,18632640,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Guppy,"Its like left 4 dead, but with swords and magic and ratmen instead of zombies. Its addicting, and the combat is well done."
76561198024750529,Recommended,235540,18641887,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Oscuro,"You get to kill filthy rats with various weapons and fire, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,235540,18534449,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nail Bunny,Left 4 Rats: The LootingSolid Left 4 Dead clone with tons of replayability due to it's RNG loot system.  The melee combat is visceral and satisfying.  Also the combat has much more depth than expected with the weapon variations.  The classes feel unique and the game's difficulty really ramps up at times.Pick-Up Groups are still problematic just like in Left 4 Dead but most multiplayer games are like that.  Overall just a great Co-Op game.
76561198034110666,Recommended,235540,21011451,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrPeddler,Best way to describe this game: LEFT 4 WARHAMMER.
,Recommended,235540,18653990,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Shirazer,"Excellent game with countless hours of fun to be had, provided you play with humans.The game is everything I hoped it would be and more, but the AI teammates are so incredibly frustrating and braindead it can make you want to do the pack masters job for him and just hang yourself. What I am describing is not merely poor AI, but AI that seemingly tries to be counter productive. The AI patch last week made it significantly worse. If you don't enjoy playing with people (whom you can also find in matchmaking), steer clear of this game.With friends, this game surpasses the enjoyment I derived from Left 4 Dead by a wide margin. I really want to see this game succeed, and the developers ought to be proud of what they've created."
,Recommended,235540,19279945,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dio,Top quality meme
76561198088571218,Recommended,235540,18677874,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Skimask bopaboey,"Friend and I play this game, its been very fun so far, really enjoying it"
,Recommended,235540,22434142,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Xeno,So far it's been great community
,Recommended,235540,19164094,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pootie tang Slayer,"This game is a great fantasy hack and slash where you and three others go against the swarm of ratling enemys.I really enjoy the gameplay in this game. Thinking quickly and fighting with random people on the internet.Below are a few events that happened while playiing--------------------------------BUT----------------------This game is all about getting new weapons to use on your 5 different heros, but lately I've been getting the same weapons  and when you go to ""Forge"" new weapons, it costs 5 weapons to get a new one. This is a cool idea, but needs more weapons to be awarded otherwise im forced to grind with the same weapons repeatedly.-One game at the end of the level the enemy just started to gliitch out and would stand in one place making it an easy victory.Hopefully updates on this game will polish it into the game this deserves to be. Great Idea, Hope it is finished soon."
76561198200964066,Recommended,235540,22401459,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,cgriffor,"get this game and play it with your friends over skype or another decent service, the ingame mic is pretty badthat said, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥get this gameshort and sweet this time"
76561197975286007,Recommended,235540,22408896,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Qeps,"Very well done in gameplay, sound and looks. It might be more fun playing with someone you know, but can also be enjoyed with the ingame group-finder."
,Recommended,235540,33766534,Posted: 24 July,all,Bonebuss,you get to attack :)
,Recommended,235540,19059682,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Brojack,"Id probably wait for a sale on this one, it IS fun however it is much MORE fun with friends, the pugs can be hit or miss.Its like Chivalry and L4D2 had a baby.  There is levels but they dont really give stats, just get a free item every level and there is gear that is hard to get at first then you will eventually end up with too much of it.They could do a lot more with this, I just dont know if they will."
,Recommended,235540,24124247,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Landwalruses,"L4D clone but better. The setting and environments are amazing, and the gameplay is respectably polished (not flawless). It is fun, engaging, and completely chaotic. It requires teamwork and a fair amount of knowledge and skill to do well in this game. This game offers a reasonable challenge for any skill level.I haven't played this game enough recently to talk about the loot/item/trait rework situation, will update whenever I get around to it."
,Recommended,235540,20173374,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Real Nibba Shit,This game helped me recover from my PTSD that I developed from Bad Rats.
76561198090949550,Recommended,235540,29490271,Posted: 25 January,all,Hentaify,"hi guys, im from dutch but my second language is english, i ask ppl to join me, voice chat, or not doesnt matter, i just need friends do to catalysm and having a fun and nice time, <3"
76561198117719993,Recommended,235540,31549490,Posted: 4 May,all,Averyashimself,"Support this Dev! However, there are some framerate issues that I wish the dev will know to fix next time!"
,Recommended,235540,21820529,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pops,"Need more people to kill rats with me!Overall: Awesome4 player co-op with hordes and specials, Loot, Melee focused, Warhammer fantasy, Good Graphics.It's a lot like L4D but with rats, and melee combat (that is the focus where in L4D it was kinda just tacked on) Plus a loot and item system. The close combat system feels well put together (Fights like Chivalry). You can be range heavy (Full range means you’ll probably get surrounded and die) but I just use range to take out specials.Pros:-Feels well put together-Combat feels good-Loot!-Cool / funny dialogue between characters (and is voiced well)-Good sounds (Gives an amazing atmosphere)-Good graphics (although unstable, Still doesn't have Nvidia support) Running on extreme settings without Vsync and motion blur with a I7, Nvidia GTX 760 and 16G of RAM. (Will slow down when there's too much fire / gun fire, looking at you witch hunter and bright wizard)Cons:-No tutorial and dumps you into the most played mission that is actually kind of long and can get hard based on what spawns (Specials, Rat ogre, ambushes)-Hard to start getting loot if you're on your own and can’t get the right people for first mission-Online only (Something I didn’t really think about it being when buying the game but the game is online only and will go down for maintenance, I think the loot systems are online or something)-Impossible to see when a bright wizard is shooting behind you (Like the entire screen darkens to make the fire seem brighter so I’ll usually die to a stormvermin that I couldn’t see attacking)-Some missions are not good for loot, only the missions with tomes are good for loot which means the missions that you're going to play are more limited, (Although they are trying to change that)Tips:-Stay together, you can’t do it alone…"
76561198043038197,Recommended,235540,21721424,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Bob Bunk,"BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY-Vermintide is Left 4 Dead set in the Warhammer universe. Using melee weapons, guns, and bows, your party of four has to carve a path through rat-men to various objectives. At the end of each mission you roll a series of dice to gain new items. Like Left 4 Dead, story is conveyed entirely through the remarks each character makes to one another.-First person melee combat is very difficult to pull off, but Vermintide does it well. Each hit feels like it makes and impact and the block and shove techniques at a lot of depth to your confrontations. If you enter the game hacking and slashing without thought, you won't survive long in further difficulties.-Mostly you'll be fighting rat minions, but every so often a special enemy appears (again, like Left 4 Dead). The typical bunch will pounce on you and force your team to help you out, but others require other tactics. The ratling gunner, for example, will lay down suppressing fire on whoever takes the most agro. Using someone else as bait, the other teammates have to take advantage of the gunner being distracted. Most of the specials are copies of the Left 4 Dead types, but there are a few twists that make them a lot more fun to face. While in Left 4 Dead they are more of an annoyance, Vermintide presents them more as cooperative challenges.-Graphics are also quite good. It takes a powerful machine to run it on the higher settings, but even on the lowest quality it is still a good looking game. That, and the game take the gloomy aesthetics from the Warhammer tabletop (and it works surprisingly well). While most of the environments seem to be darkened streets and abandoned fortresses, it's still enjoyable to work your way through them and discover all the secret areas.-The loot system randomly generates a weapon or trinket at the end of a level. Unfortunately, these rolls are not specific to the character you're playing. Most of the time you'll get a weapon that belongs to one of the other classes. This encourages you to switch around and play everyone, but a lot of times you have to choose your character based on which one isn't taken in a party. It'd be much less of a grind if you could specifically roll for a character. They've added some measures to prevent this, but you can't get into it until you have a collection of weapons that you are comfortable with salvaging for materials. Overall, the loot system could be a lot better. It encourages grinding and exploiting maps in order to get the best rolls, which is very unfortunate.FINAL VERDICT-Overall, I'll say this is a better game than Left 4 Dead. The maps aren't incredibly varied, but the combat is enjoyable enough for me to get over that. The enemies and the setting are much more appealing for players who enjoy fantasy rather than typical zombies. It's cheap for the amount of content you get. Even if you decided to just play through all the levels once and be done with it, I would consider Vermintide a worthy purchase. Get some friends and you'll have a lot of fun killing Skaven with one of the best melee systems on the market."
,Recommended,235540,21666833,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ThaiTwinky,What could be more fun than mashing giant Rats?!+ Warhammer Fanboy dream+ Beautiful game+ 5 varied classes+ Voice acting and banter- Few maps- The odd bug- Declining community
,Recommended,235540,19494535,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,LazyPandas,Man these are some really Bad Rats
76561198133367742,Recommended,235540,21357022,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BadAim.jpg,"Played this game, I loved it. It reminded of the good ol days of Ratz Instagib 2.010/10 would gib again"
,Recommended,235540,20817143,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Hot_Chicken,Basically left 4 dead with rats and a leveling system 10/10
,Recommended,235540,21371919,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lelric,"One of the best warhammer games I've played in the past decade, as well as one of the best co-op games in that same period.Holy Sigmar Bless This Ravaged Body/10"
,Recommended,235540,21390102,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The ursus amplexus enthusiast,"Have you ever wished Left 4 Dead had a progression and/or customization? Vermintide is for you.I do not know much about the warhammer universe, but this game is incredibly enjoyable with friends, and has charismatic characters that actually interact with each other.At the moment of the review there's only one gamemode so far (Complete the objective) but there future updates and future maps and gamemodes  with the already announced Survival mode. And even with only gamemode the replayability is quite big, thanks to the high level difficulty sets and the weapon/trinket collection and improvement system."
,Recommended,235540,26465026,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Randal Hayswagger,"It's a really fun game. Basically Left 4 Dead with RPG elements. My only complaints are the gamebreaking bugs, such as people falling under the map and being unable to fix themselves, being unable to continue after a party has died and being forced to exit, and the fact that you're required to be online to play, or you're not going to play at all. Even when you host a private game with bots, if you lose connection for even a second you will be kicked out and unable to play until you're connected again. Also the bots are completely brain dead. If you go down, there's a very good chance they will just ignore you. You thought the bot team mates in Left 4 Dead were bad? These are somehow worse.Overall, if you're a fan of Left 4 Dead, and have been wishing for another game like it, then this is a must-have in my opinion."
,Recommended,235540,28369482,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LCCX,"Left 4 Dead, but using Warhammer Fantasy heroes versus Skaven hordes. It adds an item-based progression mechanism with items acquired randomly after completing a run/map."
,Recommended,235540,19944992,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Patton,Best Left 4 Dead Game.
,Recommended,235540,18643405,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[1stTX.E]Maj. LaBelle,Is gut
,Recommended,235540,20052713,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Silent,better than left 4 dead.
76561197987561268,Recommended,235540,20230342,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,clutch_TsUb0da|,"A smashing co-op rat brawling game that draws heavily from and adds to the Left 4 Dead games. Battles are fought furiously over a range of stunning locales and each weapon and every class has a well-defined role to play in vanquishing the nefarious Skaven horde. Vermintide's loot system adds replayability to the game and encourages players to take on tougher missions. 9/10.Grapes:+ Well-balanced character classes that complement each other well and require effective teamwork on the harder difficulties. This is enhanced by changing each characters' weapon loadout - do you take a crossbow for range and accuracy or a repeater pistol for mowing down smaller rats?+ Gorgeous graphics and thumping sounds. Fighting in the Warhammer world has never looked or sounded this good. This makes fighting/ bisecting/ decapitating/ shooting the Skaven a real pleasure.+ Beautiful and well-designed levels that aren't necessarily the same in every playthrough (check out The Wizard's Tower level!).+ A loot system that rewards finding hidden items and playing on the hardest difficulties (which also improves the game's replayability).+ A range of enemies that all require a slightly different approach (although Fatshark twists some Warhammer lore to get them in their roles).+ A solid and helpful community that play the game; sharing the location of tomes and grimoires (to improve the chances of better loot) and generally helping each other out in a game. I've only been knowlingly trolled once in 30+ playthroughs, by some fool who read the grimoire and waited till the end of the map to put a tome in a location inaccessible by the rest of us.Gripes:- The biggest con for me is host player dropouts. If the host drops out of a game, the map restarts. That's it. The game simply doesn't allow you to continue or even provide you the option of going to the inn to choose another mission. So you have to sit in a loading screen mulling over your fury. While this issue is generally limited to public servers, it is infuriating. Please fix this Fatshark!- Whilst being one of its biggest strengths, the game's loot system also causes the most controversy. If players are defeated in a mission, no rewards are provided, only some crystals that allow you to unlock gear traits. The level of gear awarded at the end of a mission is also effectively down to a random number generator, which many find madening, but I actually quite enjoy to a certain extent.- The game's matchmaking can be rather poor, attempting to find/ join missions and seemingly failing over a period of ten minutes or more. Fortunately the player can simply select a mission from the server browser to get around this gripe."
,Recommended,235540,19569534,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,squeeky mkfour-eyes,"Skaven are super fun to beat up and my goodness are the characters great. I kinda wish it wasnt set during the End Times campaign when things started getting silly before My Little Sigmar was a thing but ill take what i can get when it comes to rat-men games.only thing that would make this better is if the rat-ogres weren't all discount bought in bulk from clan moulder and had neat stuff like extra arms, heads, knives for hands, etc; if they added some of the wierder Skaven warmachines and units like warpfire cannnons or plague monks or warlock-engineeers (oh maaaan)oh and if the game didnt hard-lock my computer sometimes when i tried to choose a class sometimes that'd be pretty neat."
76561198263236835,Recommended,235540,19840914,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,FI0NN,Good Game
,Recommended,235540,19540561,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Slurpy,Videogame.
76561197976904850,Recommended,235540,25494291,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hrolfr,"Vermintide is really a good game, it misses a few things to be a great game.I'm a fan of Warhammer, both fantasy and 40k and there is in this game the very special feeling existing only in warhammer universe.To enjoy Vermintide you need to play it in coop, preferably with friendly players, the major part of the community is nice so random players is also a good choice.The combat system is fun, to beat the game in Cataclysm, you really need to master the block/dodge/fast attack/charged attack/push system, it is rewarding and satisfying when you finally get the ""Heroes Of The End Times"" achievement. The weapon/character you use change the way to play in game, both in term of tactics and role.Graphics are nice, buildings and weapons are really cool, characters got a lot of charisma and fit perfectly well in warhammer universe.Music/sound is great too.The sadest thing in the game is the lack of updates/dlc or any major content from the devs, they added a few great things, some really cool maps but not enough to keep the players base at a normal level. The game is slowly dying only because of that, the majority of players don't want to play again and again on the same maps to grab loots (that need to be patched btw). The devs promised a major updates in May (quests and contracts), I'm writting this on the 13th of september and no one knows when or if it will come out. This tells everything.Steam workshop/player made maps would have made this game a monument.I would definitly recommand Vermintide (before Deathwing comes out,atfer it'll be to late), for both the gameplay and the universe, to play with friend or players from the soon to be dead community."
,Recommended,235540,19491768,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GrimTX,Very nicely done.  Emphasis on team play in this co-op mission game.  Excellent work by devs to keep game flowing and listening to players.  Each character has enough difference in style to make it refreshing to switch up between maps or rounds.  Highly recommended for Warhmamer Fantasy fans and anyone looking for an excellent co-op game.
,Recommended,235540,20050406,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Aurains,Copy of Left 4 dead with the unique warhammer universe characters.  Gameplay revolves around using range weapons but not unlimitedly because of ammo or overheat system.  Remaining defense relies on mele weapons and properly blocking to avoid damage. Increased difficultly is via less effective health. Loot system was previously pure RNG and almost remains pur RNG; you can use undisered weapons to make new weapons.  Only 1 level is constantly ran for loot; it becomes monotonous. Game still needs work with wierd weapon attack lag and rats attacking through walls and floors. New game mode of last stand is not rewarding for the ammount of time invested.
,Recommended,235540,19532691,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CharismaticPanda,A more brutal Left for Dead with epic weapons and better objective focus? Hell yeah!
76561198078940563,Recommended,235540,29467529,Posted: 24 January,all,BlackAdder,Great Co-Op.More maps and enemy types would be great.
,Recommended,235540,26497168,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,The Royal Rat Authority,Play as five average citizens  of the EU as they attempt to go to work following the migrant crisis.
76561198057436753,Recommended,235540,19406393,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Similar Faces,"This game is often described as left4dead but with rats. I don't think that does it justice. Vermintide plays more like a cross between Payday 2 and Skyrim.I say Skyrim because melee combat is a mechanical focus and is executed so that it's easy to pick up and hard to master. Payday 2 is a mention for me because of the team challenge factor Vermintide features. Careful communication and teamplay is absolutely necessary in the higher difficulties and even on normal-hard when picking up Grimlores.Vermintide has left me wanting more of everything it provides: haunting and intruiging level design, fun and interesting characters, a diverse range of special enemies and quirky AI. Having said that, the game isn't at all lacking in content or replayability and is worth its full price as is."
76561197971556261,Recommended,235540,20767678,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"This is a great ""value for your money"" game. yes it gets repetitive after 50 hours, yes the loot system is not very rewarding and yes theres connection bugs/issues now and then.However thats not the point. The point is deep Warhammer Fantasy imergtion, cool gameplay and demanding Coop.If you like Warhammer you´ll love the energy that went into the creation of ""Uberreigh"" and the attention to  details that are mindblowing.Theres a lot of fun hours in this game ""as is"" and hopefully soon expantions will take it to that crutial next level."
,Recommended,235540,21221682,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,RAZUMZHIRO,"If you wanted an upgrade to Left 4 Dead or Left 4 Dead 2, this is it.Same type of gameplay. Set in the Warhammer Fantasy world, and killing giant soldier rats in place of runner zombies and mutants.Pure co-op, and when you complete missions, you have a chance of picking up gear that will let you customize your characters. Levels go up to increase benefits, and with the much-needed free DLC (what we used to call a patch...), you can modify, sell off, and use extra loot to make better loot.Worried it's too easy? Worry not. Easy in this game is Normal to everything else. Hard is an absolute f***ing nightmare. And Nightmare? Well, it's worse than that.5 stars for a multiplayer co-op experience filled with rats, guns, swords, fire and black blood filling the streets in order to save the world from the rising rat threat."
,Recommended,235540,26673907,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dues,"Эта игра достаточно спорная так как это явная копия лефт фо деда, однако со своими фичами и атмосферой в игре достаточно неплохо реализована боевка(особенно рукопашного оружия) и также игра достаточно оригинальна своим сеттингом и задумкой. На пару вечеров с друзьями позалипать можно, может даже больше если вас затянет. Цена в принципе адекватная хотя я бы снизил до 400 руб. С оценкой я ещё не определился, но посоветую её любителям кооп шутанам.Итог ? из 10"
,Recommended,235540,27107233,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SolidKeevo,"An excellent alternative to Left 4 Dead. Extremely satisfying melee combat (seriously one of the best) and well built levels. Every encounter is a different experience. Any review commenting on a terrible loot system is outdated. It has been overhauled and there are even daily quests to unlock specific weapons/trinkets/hats. The daily quests also ensure people will be logging in daily to play specific maps. The only downside to this game is the lack of updates, but FatShark has recently been leaking new weapons and maps. So new content is on the way!"
,Recommended,235540,19154627,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Agent,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide is a multiplayer coop game that was HEAVILY inspired by left 4 dead,its almost a complete reskin of the ever popular zombie killing coop shooter,however this doesn't mean its bad,its actually one of the best games to come out recently using the Warhammer franchise. Unlike left 4 dead,Vermintide includes different classes kinda like HeXen. and a loot system where every completed match gives you a new item,also it's a really good looking game, the devs nailed on the atmosphere,everything looks gloomy. if you enjoy left 4 dead and want a fun coop hack n slash game,definately give this one a try"
,Recommended,235540,18777743,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Bokor,"I hate the RNG but I love the game.The combat system feels great. Every blow you land feels like you're hitting something. It's very satisfying to grab a great hammer and pop rat heads or slice through a horde of vermin.The different classes/characters are great, but some do tend to feel samey. The dwarf and imperial soldier tend to be a bit similar, etc. But each class feels different enough to be interesting with the bright wizard probably being the most unique.There are also more powerful items you can strive for, but they're accessed through an ofen-times frustrating RNG. You roll dice and your odds of success are determined by how many bonus dice you find and at what difficulty you completed the stage at. Sometimes it's a let down to finish an epic run only to have all of your rolls fail. Also, if you favor a certain character don't plan on getting a lot of gear for them without a bit of a grind. There's an item combination system that helps alleviate that, but unless you have a lot of similar items you're at the mercy of the RNG.The loot system is even more brutal considering if you fail a level at any point, you get nothing but XP.Despite the RNG the game is insanely fun, especially with friends. It takes the Left 4 Dead formula and greatly improves on it. The ""special"" rat variants have similarities to, but are often more interesting than the special infected in Left 4 Dead.This game is definitely my sleeper hit of 2015."
,Recommended,235540,19856174,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,OmegaOzone,"Kill rats, get loot. Fun times all around."
,Recommended,235540,18830647,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,EtrnL_Frost,"""Pills here!"" one of my teammates yelled out with a slight accent as we rounded the next alleyway, mimicking a cry that L4D and L4D2 veterans everywhere would know.I half expected the dwarf to belt out, ""I hate stairs"" as we traipsed down into the hidden cellar.We jest, but it's a good comparison.  Vermintide evokes so many feelings of the Left 4 Dead series that I'm half wanting to check more into the development team at Fat Shark, to see if any names are the same.  Far from being a lazy copy, however, this feels more like a distinct enough iteration that it feels more a homage than the sullying of something sacred.If you've enjoyed Left 4 Dead, pick this up.  If you enjoy Warhammer Fantasy, and like me, cannot control yourself when you see something with the Warhammer label and see it in your Steam Games list before you remember what just happened, pick this up.If you do not like team based FPS's that require the presence of 3 other thinking beings for progression, skip this title.The melee in this game is great.  Each weapon (and there are several!) for each class (And there's an extra!) feels unique enough that once you've started to accumulate enough loot, your distinct playstyle can be utilized in any party with at least 4 of the 5 characters.  This means that once you've really got a grasp of the game, you'll never really have to worry if someone's playing the elf, because, hey, the Witch Hunter is close enough, etc. Once you've figured out how the blocking and pushing works, you'll find that the once ""suicidal"" one handed/no shield or two handed weapons start to shine in their own rights.  And there's nothing better than cleaving 4 rats in half with a great swing of a 2handed sword.Ranged weapon ammo is sparse enough that depending on the class you'll likely not be randomly wasting shots or you'll find yourself wanting.  You also have enough variety here - from the elf's various bows to the differing crossbows and handguns/blunderbusses.  The dwarf has a grudgeraker - a glorified shotgun.Add on top of this the loot system - and you've got some longevity to character progression.If there's one downfall to the game, it's that it's close enough to the Left 4 Dead franchise that you can't stop comparing the two.  And that's where L4D's polish is going to make this game's attempt start to turn sour.  On its own merits, Vermintide excels as a team based FPS - but where things like the AI director is involved, or bot AI, lighting cues, or even how the special ratling spawns work, you can't help but know that L4D is just ... better.Don't let that take anything away from this game though.  When the Tank- I mean Rat Ogre starts charging in, while you quaff a strength potion, don't feel bad for yelling ""HUNTER!"" when you see the green blades of an assassin pierce through the night sky.  If L4D is something Vermintide aspires to, it could have done a much worse job.7/10- Some levels seem unnecessarily brutal - and some of the difficulties just appear to be impossible with the way things work (friendly fire and harsh special spawns).  Wheat and Chaff, I'm looking at you.- RNGesus can make you feel like you've just wasted a lot of time, if you're rolling nothing but 1-3 all night for loot.- 13 unique levels are a lot, but by comparison to L4D's extra modes and community maps, it feels measly.  Here's to hoping they open this up to the community for map making!"
76561197970271981,Recommended,235540,24366255,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,.baron.,Well worth a purchase - lots of fun - like all games of this type depends on finding a good group to fight with
,Recommended,235540,34412920,Posted: 22 August,all,Mayor of Flavortown,It's like Left 4 Dead. Except good.
76561197986996194,Recommended,235540,19645566,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Paladork,It's good.
,Recommended,235540,19543827,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Pewly,great game.
76561198126725511,Recommended,235540,19647306,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,goathunter99,Great!
76561198013174565,Recommended,235540,19850441,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Galactic Leprechaun,Great game! Hard to get loot tho :P
,Recommended,235540,18803697,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[FuoM]VoLcaNoTurTle,AWESOME GAME!! if you loved left 4 dead and want a new one well this game is for you. the missions are very hard and and have 5 different difficulty levels which is great and lots of different stlyes for your weapons to upgrade.
76561197969323559,Recommended,235540,18663968,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Automatic_Jack,"Just fun.  Pure, ridiculous, rat-smashing fun.  I love it.  You will love it.  If you think slamming a half-dozen squealing rat-men off a ledge with a huge warhammer sounds like a hell of a time, you are really going to enjoy Vermintide.  Oozing with atmosphere, full of narrow escapes and desperate last stands, this is the real deal.  The End Times are upon us.  Take up your weapon for Sigmar, for the emperor, for all mankind!"
,Recommended,235540,18641642,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Z3ltu,"Though the game might seem dead-ish, it's still a great game, pick up a few friends and play it, it's worth it :)"
,Recommended,235540,18641613,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,"This game is fantastic and I've only played 20 minutes of it. From the start, this game is refreshing and takes a new spin on the same type of game that captivated so many gamers before (L4D2). I look forward to many more hours!!!"
76561198122226040,Recommended,235540,26449690,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Purple7089,"If you're having a problem starting the game, try running steam as administrator. :)"
,Recommended,235540,29150488,Posted: 9 January,all,The Boobus and the Bunnyduck,10/10 like bad rats with swords
76561198031157697,Recommended,235540,28366127,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jab,After refunding Space Hulk: Deathwing I 'memberd how awesome this game was.Solid B+
,Recommended,235540,23281205,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ScienceDiscoverer,"Played during free weekend - its one of the best games I ever played! L4Dead feels boring childish point-and-shooty arcade comparing to this!People whining about ""horrible"" loot system, but I find it one of the (if not the best) loot systems I ever saw! You see, you need to play higher difficulties like Nightmare or Cataclysm and get all the Tomes and Grimoires (which requires very good teamwork). You'll get exotic quality loot in no time (I managed to get 5 exotic weapons and 1 exotic hat in only 20+ hrs I played on this free weekend)!The AI is marvelous, never seen something like that before. Enemies constantly flanking and silently comming from behind when you totally not expect it! Player must be on constant 360 degrees guard, especially on higher difficulties. I played Horn Of Magnus (first level) like 30 times or more, and never get bored! Every playthrough is different, you can meet 2 ogres, or none, you can meet Stormvermin patrol in open place where its easy to hide, or get decimated by it in close space etc. L4Dead maps are much more repetitive.It has few non-fatal bugs: once saw Stormvermin (armored rats) patrol went through closed gate (explosive barrels bit) on Horn Of Magnus map, assassin rat has highly glitchy movement, Stormvermin patrol can spawn right on top of a player, Rat ogre might stuck somewhere for long time and not come to fight etc. But is very rare and can't ruin gameplay much. Still would be nice to fix it.Bad teammates (or lack of them) is only real problem of this game. On free weekend there was no lack of players, IDK if there would be some problems with this when I will finally buy the game... You see, I was able to win a map solo with 3 bots (very stupid bots) on hard difficulty, so its really not that challenging. I enjoyed nightmare difficulty most, and for it you need minimum 3 good players. If you, unlike me, have 3 (!!!) friends you can play with, its totally not a problem, OFC.And yes, price is quite big for me, I may say ""biting"", even with sale.So I'll wait till Summer Sale for a better price.Never mind, used my last money and bought it now. Game too good!"
76561198047102017,Recommended,235540,24148367,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Drizzt Do'Urden,Excellent Co-op Action. Grab some friends and slay some Skaven!
,Recommended,235540,23241292,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"It's a great game, the devs are active and listen to the community.  They have been adding good content in a good amount of time.  All around good purchase."
,Recommended,235540,31505705,Posted: 2 May,all,HCH,"Played for at least something like 200+ hours on ps4, and the PC version is infinitely better. Bought it again on sale and I have no regrets. If you like first person melee combat, horde co-op games, loot grinding or Warhammer Fantasy in general, it is a must have.Pros-Meaty, satisfying melee.-Inspired, well executed artsyle and presentation.-Creepy, atmospheric music.-The worlds sassiest elf lady, a witchhunter oozing black humour, a very questionably sane fire witch, a nostalgic homicidal dwarf and a dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥ubermensch make for incredible banter.-Learn to swear in Dwarvish, thanks to helpful loading screens.-Foster a burning hatred for the dice gods like you couldn't believe.-Many and varied weapons to murder your foes with.-Enough blood to give Khorne a stiffy.-The difficulty curve is on point, easy is easy, cataclysm is like trying to jerk off hard enough to put out a housefire, incredibly fun but pretty much impossible.-Active playerbase.-Satisfy your inner pyromanic by burning hordes of ratmen to cinders.-A metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of loot if you want it.Cons-Seriously, the dice will screw you.-Playing with random pubbies is usually an exercise in frustration.-Not the most well balanced game.-Some levels are straight up objectively superior to others, from to design to loot rewards.-Unless you are willing to shill for DLC, the number of fun maps is somewhat limited.-The game really only shines on a higher end rig.-The grind in this game is FOR REAL. 200+ hours and a platinum trophy and I hadn't recieved a single red-tiered item.-The ranged combat is definitely not on par with the melee. Still decent, but the focus on melee is evident.10/10 Almost as good as cousin Okri used to make."
,Recommended,235540,34958107,Posted: 14 September,all,PandaGG,Left 4 Dead set in the Warhammer universe.
,Recommended,235540,18537488,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chopper,"Very addictive, Yes its like Left for dead but it has a very interesting Loot system with weapon upgrading and levels for your character! MUST buy!"
76561197967290530,Recommended,235540,18531299,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Waker,"Good fun, nice customisation."
,Recommended,235540,19561846,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,๖ۣۜPʁℯdαt♡r☽☣,Pest extermination simulator 2015
76561198048390119,Recommended,235540,26994824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ghot1ckov1tch,"This is a great game, firstly because it'sWarhammer!Determine a goodWarhammergame is very simple - playing it you ought to exclaim""what a lovely day!""""Oh, rapture bloodshed!!!""Here is such a case.Nevertheless it: I personally I didn't expect that this game will be so exciting. When I played this game for the first time, it seemed complicated, confusing and unpleasant with highly fast rhythm. (Whereas I prefer the more ""contemplative"" games).In addition, I made a lot of irreversible error – so read carefully the manuals!But it captures me extremely!So, I recommend this game to all fans of allWarhammer Worlds, like me.It really is a very difficult game - it challenges.But it is also necessary to note that this game is not without its flaws, and I hope the developers will pay attention to it.Personally, I was disappointed the following things:- The terrible behavior of AI bots. Sometimes it just looks disgusting and humiliating. It's a shame to lose the mission on high complexity, due to the fact that bots are just standing and do not help you in a difficult moment.* I would add the ability to manually control the bots. It is not difficult, but it would be extremely useful in the future when it will be harder to find live players for game.- Very occasional rewards. (I do not like the lottery!)- I had a lot of difficulties with the game settings.- Fall of the game at the crucial moment because of unknown ""break ties with trims"" or memory loss. Lose the results after a hard working I particularly unpleasant.- Inventory is not very convenient when there are many items.PS: I'm still waiting for discounts on all DLC better, since it is impossible to do in this game without additional maps and even hats(!)"
76561198023158086,Recommended,235540,19262197,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ph0b0s,"While I've never been intrested much in Warhammer games, this one certainly caught my attention.  Vermintide is a first person co-op game where you play one of five heros fighting to save a city from a massive invasion of rat people known as the Skaven.  Co-op supports up to four players, whom can drop in and out from a game along with bots to fill in for any empty spots in the party.Like a mix of L4D and Chivalry, the game has you progress through various maps with story specific objectives that relate to your campaign against the ratfolk while you wield a variety of melee and ranged armaments. Each character has their own sets and variations of weapons which make each person functionally different from the other.  Melee combat is a huge element to this game; requiring you to take careful consideration with your swings, blocks, and dodges.The Skaven bring their own special ranks into play similair to the idea of l4d's special infected.  With that said, many of these special units function with more sophistication than that of l4d's enemies.  Rat assassins will use smoke and disengage if given the chance, poison rats will arch their projectiles for carefully made assaults, and hook rats will hang players high and leave them to die while they run off to snatch a new target.  The horde attacks can be very reminescent to l4d, indicated often with a loud warning followed by a change in music to match the assault.Vermintide also features a loot system which awards you new gear with each successful mission.  Dice are rolled and successes calculated determine the grade of gear you get.  While the dice themselves can be unforgiving, one solution to any unwanted or junk spoils is the forge. The forge is where you can melt down or combine items of the same variety to upgrade or craft new gear.  The current gear reward model and forge mechanics have encouraged some grinding and particular level farming since the start of the game's release, but as I write this review theres been plans to rework the system to better reward players with more ideal standards of treasure.  Even with the system as it stands, its not a huge issue by any means.Given the uncommon emphasis on melee combat, intresting but difficult special units, and a total of 13 maps I can say this game is worth looking into if you wanted to play a dark fantasy game with scores of enemies to cut/smash/burn through.  I especially recommend playing this with friends, as the bot AI can be hit or miss."
,Recommended,235540,23251802,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,The Walrus,"My favorite game to come out in the recent years.  The first person melee combat is well done, and feels satisfying.  Varied weapons on the characters add new flavor to the combat when you want to change up your style.  The difficulty scales extremely well creating a need for teamwork and the atmosphere is very true to the warhammer universe.Adding to this, the developers of this game are very interactive with the community, listening to concerns and suggestions.  In the last year 4 DLCs have been released, (Shrine of Solace, Last Stand, Drachenfels, Quests and Contracts) and the two free DLCs directly addressed concerns about loot being too random.  Now it has become incredibly easy to aquire and upgrade any weapon you might want, and a weapon balance patch is coming with yet another DLC intended to arrive near the end of the year.  It has a wonderful and helpful community that is very friendly towards new players."
76561198046287616,Recommended,235540,23283199,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,rwbear88,"Does have some problems, but I would still recommed this for someone who likes the Left for Dead style of gameplay."
76561198068870533,Recommended,235540,19542338,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Spice,"An improved LFD. Combat is fun, easy to get familiarized with. Loot system, for all those weapon collecting fanatics. And a generally friendly community. The only real progression is levels and better loot on harder difficulties. So the game may feel old from time to time, with friends the fun never ends. Bot players need to be tinkered with, so generally online multiplayer is more enjoyable then solo. Updates and patches come out fairly often, and the game only improves with them. Beware the Skaven blight"
76561197970443518,Recommended,235540,20990119,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rapscallion,"I love this game simply for the lore and banter between characters. The gameplay is very close to Left 4 Dead, but I think the setting adds enough to make this quite a unique experience.The loot system adds icing to the cake of level replay.Melee is handled quite well for a system that was originally designed for ranged combat.Vermintide posesses fun, and excellent cooperative play for upto four players. It also has five character choices, each with a separate play style.The DLC is well worth the price, adding new levels and in some cases, a new ""last stand"" scenario where you must hold out against the vermintide until you eventually succumb.This game is an exellent quick way to scratch that Warhammer itch, but it does still make me want to play Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay and Warhammer Quest again!"
76561197979190842,Recommended,235540,31382589,Posted: 26 April,all,DeerKLR,Fun for the whole family and they are adding more content!
,Recommended,235540,23249076,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Halfæng,Super fun Co-op game.  I enjoy it immensely.
76561197971582031,Recommended,235540,24548253,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BitingSarcasm,"Vermintide has a lot going for it.  It looks good, plays well, and the combat can be a lot of fun.  But playing with bots is absolutely frustrating, as their AI is criminially slapdash.  They will ignore the rats beating you up while they chase an enemy half a map away, they will continually swing and miss at a rat strangling you instead of switching to ranged.  They are incredibly, infuriatingly inept.  Playing solo is an exercise in frustration at times, and given that you have to randomly grind gear it takes a lot of time to equip them as anything more than a distraction.  I wish the bot AI was as good as the enemy AI, since the rats seem have most of the brains.  This is also the slowest ginding loot game I have ever played, which breeds its own set of issues.  All told, still worth it, I will still play, but it could be so much more.Update: The AI on the bots hasn't received any improvement.  It is absolutely the worst I have seen in years.  I like the game, but if you are going to play mostly single player, pass on this one.  The bot AI is just that bad."
,Recommended,235540,24032472,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,A POOR EXCUSE FOR A MAN,"Is it a L4D clone? Sure. Does it matter? I think not! This baby takes what was good about L4D and adds more, with the extra bonus of being placed in the Warhammer fantasy universe. This game is great and I wish more people would play."
76561198055167547,Recommended,235540,23968245,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Crixas,1. Unique and fun character play styles2. Awesome looking level designs3. Intense fighting as you combat hordes of Vermin of different types4. Amazing looking weapons for each character you play with upgradeable stats5. Smaller community but very friendly and great team work for the harder difficulties6. Blood for the blood God!!
76561198045640612,Recommended,235540,23970606,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Quantummy,It's all I ever wanted from a left 4 dead style game and more. The classes are all fun to play and the maps don't feel repetive at all.
76561198069683177,Recommended,235540,23992063,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hummus 'N Juicebox,"this game is AMAZING!!!! it has top notch graphics, astounding mechanics, and it is very balanced, stressing teamwork so that players enjoy the game more. i love it and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,235540,20778291,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,2fast4dad,"This game.. damn.. It's l4d2 but you know much better. It's basically l4d with rats and better graphics. This game has much more to do in it than l4d does. I'm finding myself torn between which one I like better, and so far this one is winning. I love games with RNG, also hate them but, that's love right? This game has like 6 raritys it goes white-green-blue-purple(cosmetic)-orange-red. I still have yet to aquire a weapon of orange or red rarity. What they did with the Tomes and Grimiores was amazing.. it gives you a side objective to look for while doing the level. (although not all of the levels have these) I do enjoy playing the different difficulties of gamemodes, although.. cataclysm is like slamming your head against a brick wall over and over again until you beat it. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING GRIMIORES AND TOMES ON LOWER DIFFICULTIES THAN HARD! Although most of the time I get them on hard.. lol. Overall this game has given me a great time! Most of the people I meet on there are nice and they will help me get better. Although there are those people who like to ♥♥♥♥ with you, so I recommend this game to anyone and everyone! It's allot of fun!"
76561198117947865,Recommended,235540,34621629,Posted: 30 August,all,Knyght Mordhaus,"This games simply amazes me.I can run this game with a smooth 50 FPS on low (Which to be honest, doesn't actually dull the graphics) on my laptop with mediocre specs. This is also the first Warhammer game I have ever played and it is a great intorduction to the warhammer universe. The game advertises itself as a horde survival like game similar to L4D but it feels like an RPG, infact get a third person mod and it feels exactly like a PVE co-op raid from dragons dogma.People seem to complain about the looting system which at first it was reasonable seeing it was all RNG based and you would end up with a weapon for a character you would never use (and there is always that one char you won't touch), but the free dlc fixed it right up and it is no longer a concern.Fat Shark did it right here and I can't wait to see whats in store for Vermintide 2."
,Recommended,235540,28011393,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squabbit,The best rat exterminator sim around.
,Recommended,235540,29362791,Posted: 19 January,all,avatarenergymaster,I have never felt called to leave a review and I have played a LOT of awesome games! I leave this one now because this is the most AWESOME game I have played since Doom came out in the early 90's! Unless you totally hate fantasy setting and co op games then you MUST BUY this game! Just do it and thank me later ;) Boom!
,Recommended,235540,30145613,Posted: 24 February,all,TrackerWenWen,For the people who complained and said stuffs about u have to grind in the game and stuffs.. well... i'm 7 hours into the game and i alrdy get an orange item..... played on hard like 2 or 3 times.. cant remember.... and an orange dropped... the game itself is not hard... u have to know the game mechanics.. and have some1 on high level teach u the game mechanics and how to actually play... at first it seemed tiring... too much hardwork and quick thinking..... but overtime it just comes natural imo... it's also not a bad game for casuals as long as u know the game mechanics and dont just simply hack at the enemy when u needed to parry and stuffs... u get what i mean... this game is damn fun whether ur interested in the warhammer universe or not.. it might seem like l4d clone.. but it's much more interactive and fun... imo anw... gud luck guys!
76561197961775017,Recommended,235540,30152697,Posted: 24 February,all,Ass Möde,"I like the gameplay. Most of the weapons feel different. The game looks great in motion.  If you liked L4D, you'll probably feel right at home. My main probelm with Vermintide is one that all team-based games share, control freaks. You're going to run into entitled jerks that try to micromanage every move you make because they think so very little of you. They will demean you, insult you, and kick you out of the game if they think you aren't ready to play the difficulty that they are playing at. Playing with you is a waste of their precious time. This will happen in servers open to the public. Nothing is stopping these man children from hosting private games, but they'd rather enforce their despotic regime in  a public server. Conform or be votekicked by petty neckbeards who think they are God's gift to your team.The only thing stopping me from not recommending Vermintide is the fantastic attention to detail from the developers and overall quality. The music, sound, and graphics are top notch. If you have a good attitude, you might find playing with people of different skill levels fun, because each game can be so different. To me, those games were the most memorable."
,Recommended,235540,30156236,Posted: 24 February,all,Sub-Pyro,"This is quite possibly one of my favorite games. It is not perfect, but to see such a well fleashed out project that still gets support from the devs from such a small studio is really something. If you like L4D, you will enjoy vermintide. I promise you that you will not be dissapointed with this game.Bugs are very rare and are usually just visual like a dead Skaven's tail is flying around. The game feels and  plays like it is a AAA game, but it also has that real feeling of passion that comes from an Indie studio that just love what they are making."
76561197984142302,Recommended,235540,23261846,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Northstar86,"Game is fun and varied, but there do seem to be some obnoxious glitches. If you can live with stuff like missions randomly restarting and enemy AI stuck in bizarre flicker patterns sometimes, then you'll probably actually enjoy this quite a lot."
76561198073410761,Recommended,235540,32568933,Posted: 19 June,all,Blackadder's Codpiece,"If you like first person sword games like Chivalry and PVK2 then this is a must try. But keep in mind it is very similar to Left for Dead in the way that you progress cooperatively through missions against hordes and hordes of enemies and must work together to survive. I love the blocking system and the ability to do 360 spins with my sword with high mouse sensitivity. As a huge fan of sword games I highly recommend this. The only downside is the amount of missions. If you don't pay up the♥♥♥♥♥♥for DLC there are only 10 missions or so. Even so it's always nice to come back and replay missions I've already beaten a dozen times because the gameplay is so satisfying. Also the leveling up system is great, too. it's fun to unlock new weapons and gain experience. 8/10!"
76561198087931681,Recommended,235540,33468452,Posted: 11 July,all,TheItalianScallion,It's Pretty Swag
,Recommended,235540,20216571,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"Vermintide can easily be summed up.It's essentially Left 4 Dead with melee focus instead of ranged but there is ranged weaponry in the game, you can also get loot drops at the end of each match. And of course if you enjoy Left 4 Dead then this ones worth picking up."
76561198026873914,Recommended,235540,21783942,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"Left4Dead, only good.The game is a Left4Dead clone through and through - and it seems te be better for it, because it managed to be interesting where L4D was dull.-Melee-focused combat makes fights more visceral and tense.-Class-based system improves replayability and serves a variety of player styles.-Loot-based progression actually gives a decent reason to come back and play more.-It's Warhammer, for Sigmar's sake.I just wish that they'd add more classes or maybe even special enemies from other evil forces in the Warhammer Universe. It's extremely unlikely, but Vermintide has been the only good Warhammer game in recent memory, so here's hping."
,Recommended,235540,27352366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DuckPool,Best cooperative as for me!
76561198017206777,Recommended,235540,23251229,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Cobalt,Great game. Get your loots!
,Recommended,235540,27474388,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Señor,Esteban Vihaio","Like any game, it has its bugs. But, if you can look past those then you have found one of the best first person Warhammer games (In my humble opinion)I took me a while to get into this game but once I did there was no stopping... It's addictive and the character dialogue is quite amusing. I advise any aspiring; Witch hunter, Waywatcher, Handsome Dwarf, Empire Soldier, or Bright Wizard. To get this game immediately. (Especially if you hate rats)"
,Recommended,235540,21949142,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Squancher,"If you liked Left 4 Dead, then you will certainly adore this game, as many refer to it as a spiritual successor to L4D. It adopts almost the exact same formula, with special enemies and co-op play. However, it places enough of a twist to make it different. This game is focused heavily on its melee mechanics rather than the ""shooter"" nature of L4D. As such, the skill level may be higher as it is required for players to be proficient in dodging, blocking and parrying attacks to perform well, especially at higher difficulties.Levels are varied enough that each one is interesting to play through over and over again. However, after completing the game, you will find yourself in the pursuit for loot. Thus, if replaying same levels or grinding for loot isn't your cup of tea, this game will probably not provide you the amount of enjoyment that many of its current playerbase is getting. Ultimately, this is a L4D spin-off with RPG elements that certainly proves worthwhile if you have a party to play with.If you are already a fan of the rich Warhammer universe, then Vermintide is a must-buy as it does such a big service to followers of the lore. It is very faithful to its source material, and the designs do just that. The characters are so full of life and backstory that gets you invested in them. The witty banter provides for enriching dialogue. The equipment used by the heroes are so rich in detail that it even tells its own stories.Graphics are superb, but the game may not be fully optimized so only high-end machines can run this game reliably at the highest settings with an acceptable framerate.Personally, this was my best purchase of 2015.Edit: After almost a year after release, this game is pretty much dead. I suggest buying this game only if you have a group of friends to play with. Still a great game nonetheless. Not worth if playing solo."
,Recommended,235540,32708197,Posted: 23 June,all,Spizy Chicken,"Working as a close team to kill a bunch of half naked, diaper wearing, killer rats in a dark, atmospheric world of castles, underground hideouts, and mid-evil towns to rid the world of Skaven....Doesn't get any better.I purchased this game and all DLC and I'm very glad I did! Me and my son love playing this game. It's now on my top 5 favorite games in my collection of over 840 games.This is the type of game where you can see improvement of fighting skills as you put more time into it. There are specific fighting styles for each character and different weapons.It takes time to learn each one and how they move, block, and strike. If you put the time into the game you will notice yourself getting better and better. There is also a RANK progression as you go.  Currently I'm at around 148.6 hours and just hit level 61.However, some people take short cuts with mods, and expliots, and you can tell who they are.I've seen very good level 50's and some very poor level 200's. While there is a ranking system, there is no shortcut for true experience in the game. Your team will see it very fast regardless of what rank number you have, so put the time in and learn the game and enjoy knowing you became a great player through hard work.Multiple levels of map difficulty from EASY, NORMAL, HARD, NIGHTMARE, AND CATASTROPHE.There are different levels of weapons also which are colored according and each higher level adds an additional attribute to that weapon. White, Green, Blue, Orange, RED.Playing harder levels will increase your chance of getting a higher rated weapon.You can also Increase your weapon's atributes as you go by using the forge and shrine.4 Players total can play multiplayer or you can play solor with 3 bots in a private match.TIP! While some higher level players can't be bothered with low rank new players, for the most part this is a great community that enjoys helping everyone get better.I suggest playing at least 10 to 12 maps on EASY to get a feel for it, try out different characters maybe a couple on HARD. As you play you will probably settle on a favorite HERO that fits your sytle.  But don't sit and play EASY levels too much. You wont' progress in skills or weapons.Find a game which some high level players in the 200's rank or better playing on Nightmare. While you will die often and quickly, but it will do several things for you.1. You will get to see how experienced players play and learn many things about how to play. What to do, and what not to do. Follow their lead!2. Even when you die, stay in the game and don't quit out. Watch and learn, and when they WIN, you will get a chance at a better weapon helping you out!3. Be sure to be nice, and be willing to learn from experienced players willing to help you out.4. Return the favor once you become experienced in killing Skaven and help others out as well.I've been playing for just under 150 hours now and it's amazing how much better I can see that I've become when I go back to an EASY level and play. It seemed so hard when I started and now EASY seems like a piece of cake. Put your time in and you will see true skill progression in this game.System SPECS:I run it at 1920x1080 resolution on Medium settings and get around 70- 80 FPS average on my system.Older First Gen Intel I-5 760 2.8Ghz CPU16GB RAMGTX 960 4GB Overclocked1TB System Drive 7200 RPM"
,Recommended,235540,21587595,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,{TGC}Fr33,L4D  Warhammer game ..........thats so nutz........Great coop game good lvls and and gameplay loads of dlc's on the way think it will become a altertive to payday and left 4 dead fans 5 awesome classes with loads of loot to get throught play it and have fun
76561197999451532,Recommended,235540,28351648,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Swabarian,Love it to bits and enjoy every second of it. The looting has been fixed and is alright now. This game is just too fun and addicitve not to play!
,Recommended,235540,31613094,Posted: 7 May,all,✪UnrealGuardian csgoatse.com,These are some bad rats
,Recommended,235540,33857299,Posted: 28 July,all,cream supreme,can battle THE ben shapiro 10/10
,Recommended,235540,28392569,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Stygian Emperor,"With the bounty board, the frustration caused by this game is greatly reduced."
,Recommended,235540,18732346,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Curdle_Sanders,"L4d2 with  class system, more levels, and loot system to keep stuff fresh. What else is there to say. It's awesome"
,Recommended,235540,28653908,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"Have to say thought i would not like this game, But i was wrong i love it, Shame about some glitchy bits in it and some bugs in game but other then that i do like alot"
,Recommended,235540,26427005,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Real,"Great game with amazing graphics. Those who say they are bad probably have bad rigs, just saying."
76561198077712897,Recommended,235540,26444452,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,random citizen,good game.fun game.great lore. 10/10 would buy
,Recommended,235540,31065896,Posted: 10 April,all,Killedinadream,145.0 hrs last two weeks
76561198020990330,Recommended,235540,23716289,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HANZIE,great cooperatative melee game. always have fun playing with friends.
76561198045197610,Recommended,235540,18657050,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ClickiVids,"Ok, here goes. Whether you're a novice or expert when it comes to the Warhammer universe, that doesn't matter. This game is so easy to play, and so much fun. The controls are simple, you can click play and get stuck in without having to watch videos or look up tips and tutorials.This game is graphically F'N amazing, and you'll never get bored of playing it, even if you just repeat the same map 20 times.They've really done this game justice, and fans are proud. I know I am.I really look forward to the future of this game, you can expect great things!BUY THIS GAME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT.100% 10/10"
,Recommended,235540,18910325,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Purim,"Its a mix of ""Left 4 Dead"" and ""Payday"" with rats, swords, maces, bows and magic, It turns out to be very fun with the right people, but incredibly sucks if you have to play with random people or alone."
,Recommended,235540,33325051,Posted: 6 July,all,531st,"Fast paced, dynamic, left4dead style game with good melee focused combat combined with solid ranged. Every chracter is unique and has its own roles. All the buffing trinekts also sway the character towards some specific purpouse offering lots of options for your gameplay customisation. And RNG really adds some serious replayability. Different tiers of weapons and trinkets also add some RPG-ish aspect to the game that left4dead lacked. Levels have nice art design and impressive details and all of them are unique in their theme and ""biome"". And it gives some great warhammer fantasy experience in nice humorous form that is much easier to understand than actual warhammer lore. Plus it offers a real challangeAs negative parts i can say that it could sometimes be buggy, i'd love levels to be less linear and more randomizable, not alot of types of in-game items and somewhat limited arsenal. This game definitely could've benefited from more character customisation. Also at higher levels the game is very teamplay and personal skill dependant (i guess it should be so that not really a negative part)In the end we have a really fun game to play with your friends. Game will be interesting for fans of WH:FB, casual players and professional gamers alike and it offered one of the best co-op experiences of its time. The game definitely has triple A potential"
76561198028167475,Recommended,235540,19046694,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sovereign,"Despite what negative things you might hear, this game is actually extremely enjoyable. Playing Left for Dead as a kid kind of let me feel nothing in regards to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot, because there was no loot in Left for Dead. Why are you mentioning Left for Dead, you might ask? Well, this game borrows many concepts from L4D, (in fact, you can argue that Vermintide is basically modelled after L4D) such as the enemy mobs equating to those zombie mobs in L4D.That said, if you are unfamiliar with the Warhammer setting, it is quite easy to say that there is only war everywhere and everything wants to kill you (on a less extreme than Warhammer 40,000). The enemy of the game, the Skaven, are humanoid rat people who are overruning the city of Ubersreik. The description of the game by the developers offers a pretty solid explanation of what's going on.Vermintide revolves around you and three other companions (from a total of 5 to choose from, the Dwarf Ranger (melee/ranged combatant), the Imperial Soldier (same), the Witch Hunter (primarily ranged/mixed), the Elven Ranger (same), and the Bright Wizard (primarily ranged/magic). Completing a series of objectives to accomplish a mission, you and your party must venture through the rat-infested city to do so. It is quite fun, although replayability might not be a strong suit. With this said, bear in mind there are minor bugs and some kinks that the devs haven't worked out yet. If you can look past these, I'd say you'd love this game."
,Recommended,235540,21325527,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Fronical,"For new people ~1. Increase your mouse sensitivity2. Get a headset, makes a world of difference when you can hear whats around you. Listen carefully.3. Watch your back and everyone else's.4. Stay with the group or die.5. Books are good for once, dont drop them.6. Heal your allies (especially the ones who picked the grims up), dont be selfish....unless they are really really bad.7. Get rid of poison globadiers ASAP.8. Get a weapon with bloodlust/regrowth.9. Get a blue weapon before trying hard, unless you got a good group. Its not so much as skill as it is your gear. A higher tier weapon can mean the difference between 2 hits to kill and 3, and when your killing 250+ rats, those can add up.10. BLOCK AND DODGE!! you can also block and revive someone at the same time.10/10 would be last man standing yet again....but i really dont want to"
,Recommended,235540,23295330,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hakuoro,Cat simulator 2015/9 lamariq's of 10
,Recommended,235540,30560282,Posted: 16 March,all,ISIS,Accurate simulation of the european immigrant crisis
,Recommended,235540,33092747,Posted: 1 July,all,Vipershark,"Just like the games my cousin Okri used to makereally fun character (execpt empire soldier, I wish he was an ale.)kinda eats a ton of resources but thats only on the highest setting really"
76561197999503300,Recommended,235540,18709687,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Blacknails,"""The battle to not die, cause your friends are idiots""Left4dead in the Warhammer world, it's cool, critty, bloody and has a nice flow to it.Axes, swords, grenades, rifles and bows - dodge the Rat-ogres, blast the clan-rats and move swiftly!Gameplay wise it is great with friends, or people that know what they are doing. Being off with the amatures of the universe, in this game is a pain.The leveling system, and gear upgrades are fun and makes the game more diverse and deep than L4D and other such multiplayer co-op games."
76561198079484618,Recommended,235540,18639214,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,PoisonKris,its amazing from level design to difficulty these devs have defienetly hit the sweet spot for an amazing fun experience
76561197982805898,Recommended,235540,18703767,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TeganNotSara,"Fatshark captures the Warhammer world incredibly well. Delivering a well thought out and enjoyable co-op experience.A Satisfying melee focused horde game akin to Left 4 Dead 2, with some changes - a class system, departure from the overdone zombie genre, and loot.I look forward to seeing how this game continues to evolve. As is one of my favourite PC experiences in years."
,Recommended,235540,18706045,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,JFJ,"Very fun, if you've played L4D2, PayDay 2, or killing floor, you'll enjoy this game. very fun, very entertaining."
,Recommended,235540,19151849,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Doesma Kuntzmel,"Very similar to Left 4 Dead 2, except there's also the RPG aspect of there being different characters who can do certain things, instead of it being just four blank slates who are nothing but their weapons.ProsWell optimizedPretty good graphicsWell designed mapsdecent amount of variety in lootcan be played and enjoyed despite not knowinganythingabout the Warhammer universe/lorekeys are rebindable and there's a LARGE field of view slider (up to 120)ConsThe loot system is based on chance, so even though you handicap the entire team by taking tomes and grimoires, you might end up with terrible loot(if you have a low-end rig) the frame-rate might drop quite often, as enemies tend to swarm you in large numbers.Overall a great and very fun game.I was relatively sketchy about it going into it, as it could just be a remake of L4d2 and not really bring anything new to the table, but it did.There are the characters whom you play, pick out weapons for and create a very simple build.(up to 2 weapons, a headpiece and three trinkets(passive bonuses))If you play as a wizard, you can play with your melee weapon as your primary weapon, or you could play with the staff as your main weapon, and it all depends on what loot-drops you get and how it suits your playstyle.Overall, great, worth a try. if you're unsure, go watch a stream or a youtube video of it."
76561198244487308,Recommended,235540,31605480,Posted: 7 May,all,M4kimies,"Now you might call this Left 4 Dead with rats, and you wouldn't be too far off. That is until you realise the combat system is actually a bit complex and levels require more strategy than ""shoot and slash at the horde"". The gameplay is rewarding when you see a giant rat taking into the air as your giant hammer knocks some sense into its furry little head. Not to mention the banter you're showered with. Though the voice lines tend to repeat, they do have great character and feel natural. All have distinct personalities and chemistry between each other.But who cares about all that stuff when you have thousands of rats to kill in unique environments and fancy weapons, allowing different playstyles at the drop of a hat. Assuming that hat is dropped before the mission of course, no picking up new weapons mid-mission.Speaking of weapons, the major downfall by the standards of many is the loot system. A literal dice roll. While it does get frustrating, it is fitting with the source material, and you do have chances to improve your dice by picking up someone's diaries scattered across the missions. And now there are even contracts you can choose in the hub to do during the missions, allowing you a chance to choose what reward you get after a certain amount of contracts.Though what most tend to gloss over is that the difference between the weapon rarities isn't so significant to the casual player. You can manage with a basic weapon well enough if you know what you're doing. It's only once you start doing missions on hard or above that it will really start to matter.If you managed to play left 4 dead for hours on end, you should manage to play this much, much longer. There are plenty of missions to choose from in the base game, and with the DLC you're given even more amazing places to visit.Just one word of advice: Never question the existance of cousin Okri."
,Recommended,235540,31895776,Posted: 21 May,all,Chaos Reborn,"A pretty solid game in the Warhammer Fantasy universe. It is definetly one of the best Warhammer games in general. The game also gets amazing support from the devs, who clearly show that they care about the game and listen to what the community wants.The combat is pretty solid and is easy to get into, but hard to master. The hits also feel quite satisfying, especially on higher difficulties. The map design is also pretty good and has a lot of secrets and collectables.One aspect of the game may turn off some people and that is the loot grinding. To get new and better weapons and trinkets you would have to spend a lot of time in grinding. Thankfully the grind has been drastically reduced with the free ""Sigmar's Blessing"" DLC, wich introduced the new shrine. There you can use your remaining materials to craft random weapons for your Heroes and also replace weapon traits with new ones.But by far the biggest featurre in the game is the dialogue between the characters. All of the heroes interact with each other, bringing some backstory and depth to them, while also having a lot of humor. The characters feel real and relateable through this dialogue and you develop a liking to them. New voice lines are also added quite frequently and now there's a ton of them. There are so many now, that sometimes I hear lines that I've never heard before.Fatshark really made an awesome game, which is updated constantly and I'm really happy to see how far the game has come and will go since the closed beta I participated in.For me the game is a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,235540,18641508,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,El Renart Gigante,"The game is awesome. There is flaws but Fatshark is also awesome so i'm not worried. I'm not even paid to say that, i swear. It's decently challenging and whatever the gear, people can't get far without teamwork.Keep the good work Fatshark, your games are awesome honey bees!"
76561198012189934,Recommended,235540,31535613,Posted: 3 May,all,Silkz,"Absolutely love this game. If you like Warhammer then you must get this game! It is wonderfully done, story, characters, playstyle, all are top-notch."
76561197961045417,Recommended,235540,31521841,Posted: 3 May,all,Middnight,"Fun Coop Game, easy to learn, hard to master!And a must have for any Warhammer Fans."
,Recommended,235540,31504753,Posted: 2 May,all,Actually Dustrat,"The gameplay on the surface is a mindless hack and slash, which reveals an impressive and very satisfying depth when probed into. Plenty of missions, lots of replayability, and difficulties that range from mindless hack and slash to I just lost a third of my health to one tickle. Awesome gameplay, excellent visuals, clear and reliable audio cues,Just don't question cousin Okri, he was the greatest I tell you, absolutely the greatest. Truly a legend"
,Recommended,235540,31102611,Posted: 12 April,all,you underestimate my power,kill ratty
76561198005305028,Not Recommended,235540,28923058,Posted: 1 January,all,theFatCobra,"This is a very good game. Much better than Space Hulk.However at present it is suffering a game breaking bug, which coincidentally only started in December 2016, that causes the game to crash at the end of each level. Until such time as it has been fixed save yourself the frustration and stay away.Tech Support is non-existent so if you run into problems you're at the mercy of the forums."
76561198041400703,Recommended,235540,24362585,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,timRAR,"If you like Left 4 Dead, you will probably like Vermintide. Vermintide takes a lot of the good ideas from Left 4 Dead and adds different characters with unique weapons and character progression.While the loot system is heavily reliant on RNG, it is still fairly easy to get what you want with a little work at the forge and shine.With only a dozen or so missions, there is plenty of replayability with multiple difficulty settings and the ability to improve your gear. However, don't try and rush through content.I would not recommend this game if you are planning on playing alone, while the matching system works perfectly fine, it is much more fun if you can convince some freinds to play with you."
,Recommended,235540,18647397,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gungar,"Imagine a much more refined Left 4 Dead 2 set in the world of Warhammer Fantasy, this game is extremely addicting and you should buy it immediately."
76561198092667430,Recommended,235540,31504009,Posted: 2 May,all,Niflheim,if you like playing l4d2 you should buy this game aswell rpg content with l4d2 think about it
,Recommended,235540,18635818,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Coliathan,10/10 would grind for days
,Recommended,235540,18519915,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ALF,"Astounding BETA thus far!The game is a challenging and refreshing take on the L4D formula, rewarding of good teamwork and communication.The loot system gives gravity to your victories and defeats, and the melee makes you come back for more...I have played over 30 hours, of the beta, with 3 maps included.... help me..."
,Recommended,235540,18523108,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Курю травку каждый день,Carrying the last sack with teammates at the end of the stage. An ogre spawns. Drop everything and run to the wagon. He runs through the door and kills everyone inside.10/10 would get killed again.
76561197964442295,Recommended,235540,18518651,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Scargy,"I played this from the first beta nonstop.70% L4D 30% RPG, great adaptation of Warhammer atmosphere, awesome game!if you are still here reading msgs you are doing it wrong,Cleance the Scaven filth from this landFOR THE EMPEROR!!!!"
,Recommended,235540,18520228,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Siniru,"If you like Left 4 Dead, Payday 2, or other coop action games with friends, this one is the next one to get.Edit: Performance is good on High with a i5-3470 @ 3.2GHz, 8G RAM, and R 290X"
76561198005408271,Recommended,235540,18527887,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bilrog,warhammer meet left for dead. just awsome. do i recomend yes just yes.
,Recommended,235540,18520754,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Wookiee Jesus,"Left for dead + Warhammer, buy."
76561197974808089,Recommended,235540,23261206,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Boffer,"Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have definitely gotten my moneys worth for this game. Very challenging on the highest difficulty, playing with friends is recommended. Hopefully the game gets supported with more content in the future. The only real drawback with this game is the pretty poor optimization."
,Recommended,235540,23272802,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,Left 4 Rat. 'Nuff said.
76561198216474227,Recommended,235540,34927209,Posted: 13 September,all,Tir-Cendelius,Yet the most addictive first person combat co op game I have ever played. Buy it if you have faith.
76561198023637559,Recommended,235540,33225320,Posted: 4 July,all,Omunall,"Wow I love this. While I completely dislike games that you pay for and then you HAVE to be online (no offline ability, so if you're out of net you can't run computer AI on solo/private match) overall it's great. I don't think i'd recommend the game at its price with the lack of offline play, but in the end this is steam and how often do we really GO offline anyway, just a quirk I have as I see it as DRM in a lot of ways (which is basically what steam is, and GOG is not)Anyway, it's an amazingly gore filled hack and slash coop kill everything that moves kind of game. No real rpg elements to speak of but you can upgrade things and get loot at the end of a mission, so it promotes good team work as the game isn't easy even on easy, a failure can come at any moment. The enemies are as dangerous as you are, and it sucks getting snatched up by the rats that put the choker on you and your team mates just can't get to you.Taking down brutes is fun and slicing everything to pirces is even more so. Random enemy spawns is great so each playthrough isn't the same, every map is the same (meaning if you play a level the map won't change but the enemy spawns do) so this keeps things nice and fresh.Bought this immeditely for my buddy and my wife and will play this and warframe. More this than the other, but it's just good fun. Summer sale right now, cheap and worth every penny. VERY well opt as i'm running an old PC, so playing this is lovely. Soon i'll be getting a proper gaming rig to keep up with modern games and I do see a few hiccups here and there, but plenty of setings to make your experience better.Great job devs; you made something awesome. I like the game solo and in matches, only thing that sucks is resources are scarce and idiot players like to run to find potions, drink them, and then pick up the rest, leaving you to die or fend for yourself. Randoms, normal thing there. Play with people you know can cooperate properly."
,Recommended,235540,20572473,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SneakyPanda,"Run through 4 way coop horde style survival missions for a chance to roll the dice for weapons and trinkets with random traits. Increase your chances to receive higher quality loot by electing to carry hidden books which replace your healing items or reduce the overall health of your team to the end of the level. Difficulties vary from face roll pleb tier to WTF this group has a combined game time of 2k hours and we still wiped. Playing with premade groups will be your best bet at consistently acquiring loot and public games can often be cancerous. While it is often extremely unforgiving on nightmare and cataclysm especially, Hard mode and below are pretty casual even with all the secret items and nightmare isn't too bad to complete with pubs (most the time).  If you are impatient or you are not a team player this game is not for you. If you are situationally aware and you pay attention closely to others you will pick things up quick. This game definitely has an element of grinding to it. Still so, the grinding is fun and this game has a great amount of strategic depth and subtlety to it and incredibly fun gameplay with a wide variety of viable play styles considering there are only 5 classes."
76561198056175051,Recommended,235540,21574980,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Duracellpoo,"I have more than enough hours to say, You get your bang for the buck. for a $30 dollar game i have put a lot of time into this game and i will continue to. Every play through is different and though the levels are few, they always bring a new challenge to the table.The game is very team oriented and you will most likely fail if you do not cooperate. The community is just wonderful as most people are talkative, friendly and helpful. Giving hints and suggestions to better yourself at a certain class or in general. With the release of steady updates and soon to be DLC's i and hopeful that they will continue to keep this game alive. Some say the game is alredy dead but there are always games going on, no matter the time of day.Each character is unique and brings a different play style. I know people who did not enjoy the game until they had found the character that best suited them. If you are like that, even better you can master that character and be a valuable asset tot he team. The voice acting is spot on and the chatter that goes on between each of the characters and what the characters say to themselves always keeps you listening and laughing.The combat is amazing, (imo) the melee combat just feels right and once you get the hang of the game and the feel of the weapon you know at what times it is okay to strike and when you need to block. The ranged combat is always fun and just as important (if not more) than the melee, picking off the specials that try to stop you in your tracks. In my experience, every milisecond counts and if you decide to  strike and miscalculate the timing, you are a goner.If you like Left 4 Dead, great melee combat, beautiful scenery and a fun to play Co-op game, this is one to put in your library!I give it 11RatOgres/10"
76561198006714408,Recommended,235540,23259380,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Disregard the idiots that give bad reviews because they can't be bothered to do their own research or try to fix problems on their $300 pride and joy computers... This game is great fun, especially if you have a group of friends with which to tackle harder difficulties."
,Recommended,235540,33481413,Posted: 12 July,all,Failure By Design,IF HATE RATTS BUY IT!!!!!!!!
76561198008118637,Recommended,235540,19990339,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Locuck,Choose DwarfLoaded into gameKilled a ratling ....got mobbed by ten rats... diedReturned to pubLoaded into gameKilled ratling..... folowed green glowie teamates into a wagon.. Game over we win....Rolled dice for loot.. recieved dual swords for Elf with a unlockable Buff.Used girly Elf weapon to sharpen me axe...:mailedfist:
76561198042171019,Recommended,235540,26427097,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ishiga,"Ok so I don't really now what these people are talking about when they say Left4Dead is better than this because mechanics is all they have in common in general.The characters are all very different, no one wields the same types of weapon, you can kit out your characters with weapons and trinket that bring new effects and the like to the game. You can say exactly none of this about either L4D game.And that's only one half of the negative reviews. The other half is from the veiwpoint of someone who wouldn't have enjoyed Left4Dead either. The core gameplay style is the crux of their non-reccomendation.Give this game a chance, you'll be surprised.(Like I was when I read these reviews.)"
,Recommended,235540,28657934,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Goodie,left for dead 3
,Recommended,235540,21397620,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:70% YES/ 30% NOGOODgreat combatweapons have good weightteamwork is so damn crucial. it really makes the game fun when you have a team that communicates.lots of different weapons per class, both ranged and meleeNEUTRALextremely left 4 dead-e, right down to the core gameplay and, ffs, the special rats. Seriously there's a 1-to-1 mapping for the L4D specials to Vermintide. I can understand wanting to pay tribute but it's just unapologetic at times.BADthe loot system. This is what keeps the game from being nearly as played in my group. You only get to roll for one piece of loot at the end of the mission, so if you gathered tomes and dice to enhance your rolls on loot, it's all for naught if you die. This is pretty harsh considering the times it can take to complete some of these missions. Even if you do things perfectly you may just be rewarded with yet another common item for a class you never use. If the loot system was updated to be more frequent or dropped more per mission, then I'd say this is a game worth placing a lot of hours into. As it stands my group has cleared all the missions at least once and, seeing the shlog in front of us that is this terribly long grinding, I doubt we're going to continue. This absolutely SUCKS considering how great the game is.SUMMARYThis is a weird game to recommend. If you hate doing 20 minute missions just to get one item for most likely a class you don't play, you'll probably put this game down after 10~ hours. I mean if you love that grinding then yeah go for it. In short it's super fun but until they fix the terribly slow loot system I'll probably stop playing here."
,Recommended,235540,18752093,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,POOP TRAIN,"This game is so much fun!As alot of people have already said, its a lot like Left4Dead set in the warhammer universe.The story of the game is really not that long, and if you grab some friends (wich i really recommend cause its so much more fun) you can easily finish all of the missions on normal in 1 day. that said this game has a lot of replay value (for me atleast) with it's loot system. you basicly need to complete a mission in order to get a chance at good loot. this makes it alot of fun for me cause i always want more and better loot, it can be annoying to some people.This game is all about going for that higher difficulty's so you can get better loot, because the game does reward you if you complete a mission on a higher difficulty.Some people are having problems with the game by getting random crashes and freezes etc. I have not had any issues with that so far, and none of my friends who bought the game have had any issues either. Just something to be mindfull of when wanting to buy this game.Overall being a fan of the Warhammer Universe really helps to make this game more enjoyable because its a damn good warhammer game that fans have been waiting on for so long.However that does not mean that you have to be a fan to enjoy the game! It really is a lot of fun even if you have no idea who these characters are that you hear you characters talking about."
76561198046030450,Recommended,235540,18738088,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Completely Erect HD Remaster,"""The world is ending, though few choose to believe it...""Vermintide is the first good thing to come out of the trainwreck that is the End Times setting. Taking inspiration from other co-op first-person games such as Borderlands or the Left 4 Dead series, Vermintide is the first game to truly expand on that genre and make it its own. What do I mean by that? The game combines an intricate melee system, unique characters, a loot system, equipment system, and even random loot drops at the end of each successful mission.The game is rough around the edges, but it's clear that the developers love the Warhammer Fantasy universe. The amount of detail put into every aspect of the weapons, characters, enemies, and environments makes each trip back to familiar missions feel different. It rewards you for taking the time to learn more about the lore, to explore the levels in search of more loot, and to mix up your loadouts to find that perfect mix.All that to say: But it. Buy it now. Buy it or the Horned Rat will be very unhappy with you."
76561198012599939,Recommended,235540,18654975,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Svenir,"This game is really fun but it lacks content. I know the game only cost 28€ but i got through the game pretty fast. I would love it if they added a survival mode where you have to survive waves of rats.But ill just get straight into the pros and cons.Pros:- Really fun gameplay.- Amazing graphics.- Hard.- Good combat.- Every class has their own Weapons.- More fun with friendsCons:- There are some bugs.- Low amount of content.- Gets boring after awhile.- Hard, yes its a good and a bad thing.So there you have it. I got through the game in about 4h but replayed the missions for 2h and then it got boring.I suggest you play this game with friends to make it more fun.I recommend this game to you if you have money to spare and like the Left for dead 2 kind of gameplay.-This is a early review of the game. Things could change-"
76561198051978978,Not Recommended,235540,26665495,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Egg,"The mechanics are great. The graphics are great. The gameplay is great. But because of the extreme lack of content, and thus little incentive to replay, I can't recommend this game at £22.99. That price is insane for what you get, even after forking out for the pointless extra DLC, which should have been a free update. It's a travesty, really.On a side note, however, if you happen to catch this game on sale at something like 50% or more, I'd say go for it. As long as you have friends to play with, it will be a fun few hours. Just not at full retail."
76561197989355987,Recommended,235540,18572570,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,EvadableMoxie,"Vermintide takes the core mechanics and Left 4 Dead and expands on them in a modernized spirtual successor that takes place within the Warhammer Universe.While the core might be the L4D model, don't mistake it for a clone.  Several differences innovate in key ways, such as the robust melee system and the addition of tomes and grimores to give players optional challenges for bigger rewards.A very fun 4 play co-op experience that I found dragging me in deeper and deeper the more I explored the mechanics and strategy."
,Recommended,235540,18575413,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jurassic Bark,"left 4 dread got a new fresh look with the gameguys down at the workshop. its pretty sick if you're into that sort of thing, nerd."
76561198053848299,Recommended,235540,18522382,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Poolzarecoolz,is good
76561198189878034,Recommended,235540,18591815,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JakeSim,"Stereotypical dwarf that looks like a fat Gandalf? CheckHugh Jackman as Blackbeard (Empire Knight)? Check100 calories a day dual-pistol skeleton? CheckThat one rogue class almost every game has? CheckHot girl? Yep.Honestly, this game is amazing. It's not for everyone. That's for sure. The game can be extremely difficult and unforgiving. The loot is only obtainable if you win the map, so that's sure to put a number of people off. Mixed in with how long the maps worth doing can take.If you don't mind spending x amount of time and having a challenge then this is the game for you.The replayability is immense."
,Recommended,235540,26433042,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Namless,Awesome game !
76561198005671757,Recommended,235540,34156904,Posted: 10 August,all,=M.D= Lion,"Use block when you're revivingstick with the group and follow the lead of more experienced playersTry out all the herosStart playing on hard and work your way through the maps in order, then try nightmare difficultyLast stand is good for improving our fighting skillsIn the inn, abuse the chandelierbooks take up a slot for potions or healing you can't put down a grim with out losing it also, if the carrier of grim dies, the book is lostIf you get kicked out of a game, don't take it personally, it's happened to us allGrimore books take part of your health but ensure a successful roll on loot if you complete the levelFriendly fire is enabled on nightmare and aboveKill special rats asapDon't lag behind too muchFamiliarise yourself with the shrine and altar and make use of themCommucation with team is helpful even if you just type hiRemember your bounties, use themTrinkets that help all the team are bestAlways expect attacks from behindTry to use healing when you're grey rather than half energyPush and dodge the hordesShoot for the head of black rats, in fact just shoot every things headWatch out for the sack rat, he stole our lootzT marks/pings items and special rats for other playersDont let yourself be surroundedHATS, HATS, HATS!Don't forget to have fun"
76561198029361279,Not Recommended,235540,20264135,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Leafus,"Very low replay value. Loot rolls are random dice. If you compelte a level (if you're lucky enough to find people to play with that is), you can gather as many extra die and tomes and still get a horrible RNG giving you rotten loot for characters you don't even play (if you love the WH, you may get loot for the elf or the dwarf).Number of people playing seems much lower all the time. You may be reduced to playing with bots. But not only that, playing with bot on the same. level. over. and. over."
,Recommended,235540,22411602,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,AirshipMTL,"Great Left 4 Dead clone set in the world of Warhammer. It has the most enjoyable melee combat in an FPS I've played (sorry Chivalry), lots of free (current and future) DLC, and some hilarious character model bugs and glitches.It's tough as hell at times, but then again it's the end times."
76561198130980865,Recommended,235540,31642346,Posted: 9 May,all,McSoggySandwich,"Vermintide: Hey, let copy off your homework.Left 4 Dead: sure man just change it up a bit and make it betterVermintide:───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────████──███──────────────────────────────█████─████────────────────────────────███───███───████──███───────────────────███───███───██████████──────────────────███─────███───████──██───────────────────████───████───███──██────────────────────███─────██────██──██────────────────██████████────██──██──██───────────────████████████───██──██──██──────────────███────────███──██──██──██──────────────███─████───███──██──██──██─────────────████─█████───██──██──██──██─────────────██████───██──────██──────██───────────████████───██──────██─────███───────────██────██───██─────────────███───────────██─────███─██─────────────███───────────████───██████─────────────███─────────────██───█████──────────────███──────────────███──███───────────────███──────────────███────────────────────███──────────────███───────────────────███────────────────████────────────────███──────────────────███────────────────███────────────────────███─────────────███─────────────────────████────────────██────────────────────────███───────────██────────────────────────████████████████────────────────────────████████████████──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────"
,Recommended,235540,18634209,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Oldman,This great game of the great lore of the warhammer world where you try to stay alive against armys of rats comeing for all sides and the only people you can count on is a:DwarfWitchHunterSoldierFlameMageAnd an Elfand if they dont got your back hoho good luck survieing the end times10/10 would buy it again
23049820352398123,Recommended,235540,18568229,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Exterminator,"Very good PvE co-op experience. Great balance between melee and ranged attacks. Vermintide is very similar to L4D2, but it knows how to differentiate itself from it. Yes, influence is there. No, it's not the same game.Loot system somewhat reminds me of Borderlands / PAYDAY 2, which is also rather fun component of the game - crafting / collecting items.Dice rolls at the end dictate what rarity of an item you will get, and you can increase these dice rolls by gimping yourself by taking Tomes and Grims which will limit your maximum health / healing slots. As in, risk v. reward. It's very tempting, and it plays with you - very well done on that front.Solid 8/10.It is badly optimized at the moment, however (in pre-order beta). Be aware if your rig isn't upto date."
76561198006598066,Recommended,235540,34382649,Posted: 20 August,all,Juuken,"If you want an intense action co-op game, set in the classic Warhammer universe, this one is for you. Graphics and sound are pleasing and faithful to the lore and grim dark setting. Teamplay is key, especially on higher difficulty levels. This is a comparatively small game, but it is done right. If only Deathwing was half as good ..."
,Recommended,235540,34376043,Posted: 20 August,all,Snuggiecide,"One of my all time favorite PC games! I wish it had a shorter title. It's a mouthful. This game is similar to Left for Dead, but with loot! The melee combat system is very good. For a newbie I would describe the melee combat as similar to Skyrim but better. Faster, more fluid. Different weapons handle differently.You can play solo with bots or in lobbies with up to three other players. You fight hordes of rat monsters called Skaven. There are also special Skaven that will show up every once in a while to give you trouble.Vermintide is easy for a newbie to jump in and play on easy, and for a veteran player the high level play is very rewarding. It's just a fun game to play and that's what has held my attention for a while now. Good luck out there!"
76561198037468781,Not Recommended,235540,29170064,Posted: 10 January,all,Nile,"I don't recommend to people who want to do some single player because the bots are so incompetent.Just now, I was doing the waterfront and one of the bot fell. So another bot come to help it and falls too. Then the third bot falls elsewhere also... I help one up and he tries to help one of the 2 left hanging and falls again. They all have the same AI and when the AI fails, they all get stuck or fall or die. It's effing frustrating.Many quests won't be possible to do without humans as such and most of the hard level and above quests will simply be too hard without humans.Left4Dead 1,2 wasn't as bad in this respect since you didn't have upgrades and gears to configure before the mission.Other than the poor AI quality which you can't customize or upgrade I would say it's not a bad game. Kind of short, good graphics, quite repetitive, small diversity of enemies, very long grind for the best gears and you can't really do it with the bots and finally only hard levels give you good loot which very few players go to, so it's very hard to get any good gear. I got it for 11$, so I don't feel ripped off but it could have been much better."
76561198093930325,Not Recommended,235540,29169130,Posted: 10 January,all,Telebreon,"Gameplay is good, true L4D. That being said there are a few things keeping me from enjoying this game. First is the loot system. You are not garaunteed to get anything useful for your character, there are 5 characters who use their own gear. Second, there are only 5 maps and you play through them pretty fast. There are more DLC maps than what you get buying the base game.Until I can get the DLC on sale and see if it improves the game for me, or they fix the loot system, I'm pretty much done after 4-5 hours."
76561198003069510,Recommended,235540,34794406,Posted: 7 September,all,HarVeeGee,"It's like Left 4 Dead, but worse.So, pretty good."
76561198123267084,Recommended,235540,26433141,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,thrustneckpunch,"this is a verty challenging game, if you don't like it then that's okay. You need to be willing to learn this game and put forth effort. people might get salty early on but its generally a great community"
,Recommended,235540,26432290,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DrK_Vanguard,"Gameplay similar to L4D2, PD2 and KF2, but with rpg adventure style like The Lord Of The RingIf you like to play L4D2, PD2 and KF2, you will love this tooAlso damn love the witch hunter, that dual pistol looks cool to me"
,Recommended,235540,34177686,Posted: 11 August,all,Mom Made Me Vote Hillary,I just kind of left click a lot and the mouse guys fall down. It's pretty good.
,Recommended,235540,22566610,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Olliesful,Left 4 Dead with Ratmen. This game is not PvP. Purely a Co-op experience and it benefits from this choice.Very enjoyable game. The loot system is a bit brutal if you're an unlucky person but if you enjoy slaying countless rats you'll consider rolling the dice as a bonus.Very fun with a statisfying physics/hit detection system to make murdering ratmen very enjoyable.
,Recommended,235540,18739647,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Captain Crowbar,"Great co-op game. Combat is really solid (melee feels great), and graphics are top notch.Also, probably the best use of the Warhammer Fantasy IP I've ever seen. So much attention to detail and character design is spot on."
76561197999947904,Recommended,235540,18528765,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zero,I'm very happy with this game. It's like Fantasy Left 4 Dead with sweet loot
76561198030235961,Recommended,235540,18738584,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ray Bloody Purchase,"if you like Left 4 Dead or any other like it you'll love this game, Plain and simple.Would highly reccomend."
,Recommended,235540,31515369,Posted: 2 May,all,TheReportOfTheWeek,"i kill rat, next round i kill more rat. sometime rat kill me."
76561197978846295,Recommended,235540,18539725,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BoxHands,"Think co-op Left 4 Dead but with a bigger focus on melee combat and exploration. An inventory of loot & crafting keeps you playing. With the chance to find drops that can improve your end of a mission rewards, exploration becomes a larger role. There are plenty of familiar themes in enemy design (which is not necessarily a bad thing) and new ideas which let it stand out as its own title."
76561198023727601,Not Recommended,235540,18745362,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Deaden,When I firstly start to play this game the idea was coming nice and funny. But I realize that when I get level to play Nighmare Diffculty everything was a dissappoitment. Loots system! almost all of this game's players agree with that: Loot system so stupid and waste! In nightmare gettin' white quality items in a row (4-5 game play) so stupidly. Other reason is levelling for nothing. There is no logic to be getting level progress. You are not able to give any point to any abilities or talent. Neither you are not gettin' benefit by levelling like health point nor extra ammo amount etc. This game made for to be made. If you want to play for few hours with your friends it can be playable but it's lifespan isn't long enough. Also I didn't mention about bad fps performance also for high-end PCs. When the developer improve (asap) game system then I will think to write new review.
,Recommended,235540,25674025,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NeZ,"I bought this game back in May 2016 and I still play it almost daily, with 15-20 hours each and every week. I installed Steam so I could play this game and I would say it's the game I spent the most hours in out of every PC game I played in my life so far.And I'm still not done with it.I still enjoy playing the same maps over and over again. I enjoy the loot, I enjoy the slashing through hordes - but also the focus & concentration that the game requires in clutch situations.It's a game that shines with friends. And if you don't have any - play public and make friends!The community (especially on Reddit) is very welcoming. Lots of guides and helpful videos everywhere.So:█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
,Not Recommended,235540,20028371,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,a Tad of Justice,Left for Dead clonecould have just bought left for dead 2 for lessMoney waster
,Not Recommended,235540,18804197,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,WindlePoons,"The AI is the worst thing ever in this game, never seen such bad programing.No trading between partymembers? Wtf were you thinking?Would it have been to hard to split the loot in the end of the map?Were you even thinking?"
,Not Recommended,235540,18852277,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cthulithid,"Overall a solid game...if you're playing with friends.If you play with AI be prepared to watch some of the worst companions ever attempt to revive you while standing right on your downed corpse (completely free of enemies), watch them run at the walls beneath enemies on upper ledges instead of firing their ranged weapons....watch them drag their feet far behind because they want to stop and fight every single rat of every single wave.  Prepare to wipe on normal mode because the AI allies really just don't support you.I really REALLY want to love this game, but until the AI issues are fixed with allies and they actually help/revive you fairly reliably or at least attempt to do so...I can't recommend it.If you're playing with friends you'll probably have lots of fun, but to be blunt, I don't often have 3 friends online who all want to play Vermintide at the exact same time....so it makes this game pretty unplayable solo."
76561197999274600,Not Recommended,235540,24307954,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Toft,"game runs pretty poorly. was fun on launch but as of today onsteamcharts.com, there's only 1,000 people playing. This means that the 23,000 people who were playing dropped this game for something better. The lower population means this game is practically dead and to make sure, I tried to queue up a map from the base campaign of the game and waited for about 30 minutes only to have one person join and the game feeling very laggy and unplayable. Pretty sure it's not my computer since I just upgraded a week ago and I can play games like Evil Within without any problems (evil within was unplayable on my old computer and now runs perfectly but this game still runs poorly). Don't buy the game now because the mix of lagginess, dead player base, and repetitive loot collecting gameplay you often see in the diablo series (but with much less content) will make your $30 completely wasted. I was excited for this game on launch because the developers made huge promises that they will never follow up on because the game will no longer make them more money. They promised free dlc and hinted at the possibility of new characters and a lot more things that would have made the game great but sadly, they have for the most part not followed through (one free dlc and the rest must be paid for). I'm probably never going to buy another game produced by fatshark or affiliated companies again."
,Recommended,235540,18542019,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ruke,Very enjoyable - great Warhammer enviornment and some fun tweaks on the L4D gameplay.
76561198066085295,Recommended,235540,18886023,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bad Civilization,"Warhamer vermentide is my favrit gam,…but there are no romainceable toons wich realy ruins my rollplay immersion. The gam fetures many costumezation options that will make u enjoy the gam many time. Take my advise—try playing as the night elf hunter with 2 dagers and then when that done try playnig as a night elf hunter with 2 swords. u might find that the gam is very diferent ;) theirs no raisin to play as any other toon because only the night elf is the cutest. overal, I give this mmo a 7 out out of 10, because theirs no romamcible toons, too much read 2 do, no pvp arena, no quest givers, too scary and violint, and all u fight is rats. just rats.  WTF!? rats aren’t people, I xpected a cool boss at the end but it just a big rat. I kill rats everiday in my kitchen. overal, this gam is more of a left 4 dead gam than a epic mmo.overal 8/10"
76561197996804617,Not Recommended,235540,18878814,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sphincter Soldier,"What a mess, the spawning of rats are all over the place.. once a rat ogre spawned inside the chariott so we wiped witt all grimores/tomes + bonus dice.An other time 3 ratling gunners and one gasser spawned on us at same time when we once again had all tomes  and dice, in short we got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And the loot in general is one big car accident!"
,Not Recommended,235540,23377151,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,il Duderoni,"Another one of those damned games where the Teammate AI can't be bothered to be competent worth a damn.Crashes all over the place, especially on moments where you're trying to clutch victory from the most cursed of odds. Oh, you threw a barrel while getting downed? Yeah that's a crash for you. Hell, whenever two 'unrelated' things happen at the same time, the game seems to just up and defectate itself.AI Teammates are straight up rips from L4D, only even more incompetent. Want a few examples? Well here are a few anyway.End of the Docks mission. Waiting for the ship to arrive. Suddenly I see my AI teammates aren't moving. They're just standing, a mile away, for no reason. A packmaster comes and snags me and I have to sit through the horrendous process of having to watch being dragged along and then hooked up. All this time I slowly died and my AI teammates didn't do ANYTHING. Their AI♥♥♥♥♥♥itself and had no idea what to do. So there I was, dying after having finally beat this damned mission after the third stumbling attempt.You think thats infuriating? How about the AI can't manage to properly revive you when rats are attacking. I know that being hit interrupts a revive/save from a ledge, but I could tell they weren't being attacked and they'd just tap the revive button and go back to swinging at the rats. It takes being the wave over before they properly manage to get me up again. If I haven't bled out by then!Any game can be fun when you play it with friends, so saying ""just play it with friends and no AI"" isn't a valid excuse. You can watch paint dry with friends and it'll be fun. And I'm certainly getting less infuriated at watching paint dry than trying to pass a mission with AI, because randoms seem to be just as equally stupid at times.Unless you've got 3 friends who are tired of L4D and want a melee-focused equivalent of the games, just bloody avoid this tripe."
,Recommended,235540,34506019,Posted: 26 August,all,𝕱𝖊𝖓𝖗𝖎𝖟,HOLYSIGMARBLESSTHISRAVAGEDBODYYYYYY
76561197982643221,Not Recommended,235540,22394953,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Leechtime,"Do not get this.This was the first game I asked Steam to refund after over 10 years of playing games here.It SHOULD be a fun game but it falls short in too many ways. Here's the basics.Playing online wasn't possible (for me and 3 others at least). The only games I could find were set to search as far as ""world"" which meant I had about 300-400 ping - AND it disconnected us in the end.The melee doesn't feel right. I was hoping for at least Might and Magic Dark Messiah melee or something like Mount and Blade Warband would have been awesome, but no. There's no directional melee, it's just click and random swing, hold click and power swing. It takes the feeling out of it. It's very dull and unfulfilling, not to mention the melee hits are nowhere near where you think (tried meleeing a cut on a table in the lobby and it's so far off to the side).It just doesn't feel polished. The sound, animations and environments are just a bit meh.I really love the idea of the game but it just falls short both as something accessible and fulfilling."
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,235540,20042003,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Angry Man lvl 73,"I really like this game, however I find it poor in comparison to what it could be. To put it bluntly, the game is a pale replica of Left 4 Dead but with several small key distinctions missing.- No Dedicated Servers (as of yet). So if your host loses connection or leaves, prepare to restart from square one...- Frequent framerate drops (down to about 25-30 fps) when things get intense.- You cannot resist any ""special"" enemy once caught.- Sounds are inconsistent based on direction, making me think an enemy is behind me when they are in front, up the side of a structure.- Weapons are highly disproportionate in comparison to L4D in regards to efficacy (number hit per swing and damage specifically). Weapons take 2-3 swings just to kill a single Skaven on Normal. This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end. I understand Difficulty in regards to this, however it makes certain weapon nearly purposeless; as is the Witch Hunter axe (great Armor Penetration, only hits 1-2 targets and kills after 3-4 swings),- Absolutely no Offline play, even those you have the bots to do so.- The cues for indicating the presence of special enemies or events are often lost to the sound of chaos (unlike the distinct sound/musical cues in L4D). This one got to me a lot.- While throwing items (e.g.: barrels/bombs/etc.), the distance is pitiful or overdrawn. There is never the moment of eye-measured satisfaction.-  Environments, however beautiful and intricate, lack a coherent layout that points the way for the Players.- Hordes are WAY to frequrent across the board in every level, keeping Players from exploring environments. I would understand if using the ranged weapons factored into this, but they honestly don't have enough of an effect to justify it.- Class distinction is negligible (with the exception of the Fire Mage), rendering Dwarf, Soldier, Elf, and Witch Hunter as both flexible yet bland. If each had some sort of special ability unique to them I would forgive.- NO CHECKPOINTS. This has screwed me a dozen times; one TPK and enjoy the intro-cinematic again...- A.I. can get stuck or a case of the Stupid every once in a while.- Stormvermin occassionally spawn in packs (5 - 8) in inconvienent areas and kill the entire group in a few seconds. As oppose to the typical group spawn (you hear them marching), they will just (on occasions) randomly spawn either beyond a door with a group of vermin and decimate you. On top of that, they do too much damage in general (IMO).- The ""Loot"" system at the end of missions can feel unfair at times; personally rolling not even a green item across 4 missions in a row (this is subjective to my own experience, however and is up to personal interpretation). However the loot system does come across as lacking and needing several other factors to bolster its performance aside from tomes and bonus dice.- The leveling system, although nice, has too little an effect to justify the hard work; just reached level 15 and got a new trinket slot... It's nice, but not enough (Could wrap into Class-oriented abilities hmm?).- Highly Spiteful community keeps the game stagnate and from making decent progress (git gud or git gone culture thick-heads).- Lack of Developer Presence. This is the worst of all since, even for all the faults, the Dev's could keep a healthy communication going - but don't. This results in hyper-toxic behavior in-game and in forums while promoting a stagnation to the game. They need to step up their interaction and set some good standards for themselves and the community.However, I plan to keep the game, knowing that I will have good enough times with my friends.+ Interesting Character choices (could be more later).+ Beautiful environments that are explorable.+ Intense and often overwhelming non-stop action.+ Different weapons with characteristics that give them a distinct feel and technique in use.+ An interesting ""loot"" system that has driven myself personally to play in harder modes for better loot.+ Fluid controls.+ Hauntingly good sound direction (in specific parts).+ Recognizeable Character personalities.TL;DRThe game is a good Warhammer Fantasy-flavored L4D, but trips in several aspects. Great with friends (as expected). If you have no friends, good luck, people are really thin-skinned and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to each other. Prepare to be defined by your level and fail a lot due to a variety of reasons."
,Not Recommended,235540,30109543,Posted: 22 February,all,A N G E R Y    T O M,"Game itself feels like a very nice L4D mod with decent weapons, when it works that is. Only play this if you a.) Have friends to play with or b.) Are some hardcore speed-/challenge-runner. Literally a playerbase of 0 lol, good luck matchmaking kiddos.Now on to the really bad stuff. This game runs so poorly, even on good hardware. First hour in and one of my friends ended up having a bad time with it. Couple sessions in and my game decides it wants to run at an oh-so-buttery-smooth 1 fps constant for no obvious reason, though my CPU seemed to not be getting utilized by the game if the % usage is anything to go by.Oh yeah, forgot to mention my spec here:CPU: i7-7700kGPU:AMD RX-480 8gbNow a GTX 1070, game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥RAM: 16gb(Also good cooling on everything, so no overheating problems)Tried searching everywhere for a fix, couldn't find one, but tried a lot of stuff that helped with other problems. Opened up a ticket with the developer, have yet to even get somebody assigned to my ticket. Did I mention that this game has like 1000 people max playing per day? You kinda figure the devs would have time to help with support better with such a low amount, not even mentioning the fact that the they also seem to be done with DLC too.Good thing I was still within the time to return this.Lol nvm, I'm stuck with this garbage.Pro tip Devs, work on bugs before you work on DLC."
76561198021757575,Recommended,235540,26438558,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,Fun Game Get To Kill Giant Rats!Simple And Easy..Stay Together..Heal..Kill!!!!!!
,Recommended,235540,18521647,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GothicCorpse,Short Review Highly Recommended
76561197961084868,Not Recommended,235540,33621829,Posted: 17 July,all,Maschinenkanone,"Not a bad game but the repetition comes quickly with this one, a Warhammer themed Left 4 Dead clone.  The only thing I found enjoyable about this was the level design, but after seeing the maps a dozen times or so the magic faded quickly."
,Not Recommended,235540,18731765,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Jukes,"When this game is finished, it's going to be a really great experience. Unfortunately, it did not reach that mark on Oct 23rd 2015.Pros:Amazing graphics and texture workGood sound design and fun dialogueVery good level design (exploit filled, however)Very WarhammerCons:ExploitsPoor UIRandom loot system stacked on top of a random loot system (and incomplete itemization)Inconsistant physics"
76561198006573232,Not Recommended,235540,26463618,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Warhawke,"5/10This isn't an awful game - I still cant bring myself to recommend it. I honestly think the developers killed the game themselves. It feels like many features were pulled from the base game in hopes of selling them later as DLC. This seems very likely given that several of the DLC are free and were released shortly after the game went live in an attempt to save a game that players perceived as boring and shallow. Unfortunately, like almost always happens with gamers; that ship already sailed, the reviews were written, and virtually no amount of stuff was going pull disillusioned players back in. I hope other developers learn from this mistake and give players a full featured game for their money instead of trying to sucker players in with a DLC bait shell of a game.+ The graphics are good.+ Well done Warhammer Fantasy atmosphere.- Shallow gameplay. Very grind heavy.- Problematic UI. There is no map overview or minimap so you spend a lot of time running in circles. The UI simply provides little or no feedback on nearly anything going on in the game.- Extremely limited character differentiation. There are no character stats to improve. Only one armor slot (the head?) and a couple trinket slots you unlock later. You cant even tell if the dwarf with axe and shield is any tougher that the wizard running around with a stick. Its not even clear that when you ""level up"" it actually does anything.- Limited weapon types. There are a few base weapon types but nothing that differentiates them. The limited weapons (stats) have virtually no ingame way to differentiate them. Weapons have different damage values but there are no damage indicators ingame. Did I just clobber that rat or scratch him? No way to know. Floating damage numbers above enemies would help. Weapons have special procs but there is no indication when an item procs ingame. Weapons have some kind of swing arc but nothing ingame tells you where that arc is. So basically the weapons come down to you swing it or shoot until the thing in front of you is dead and thats it.- Limited enemy types. Only 6 or 7 maybe and really 5 are just variations of the same basic Skaven (Ratman).- Limited map selection. Several of the maps are way too large (i.e. take too long to run) meaning players rarely do them.- Poor map design. The maps look good themselves but are very confusing with little or no indication of where you are suppose to go. All the maps are way too dark and any interesting details the level designers might have added are lost in the shadows.-- Horrible, horrible, horrible RNG loot system. Everyone loves grinding for the sake of grinding."
76561197998710555,Not Recommended,235540,18648756,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Skyleaf,"Unfortunatly level design and rewards contradict each othe too much (e.g. a short level rewards you as much as a longer and harder one). Furthermore most maps feature boring design and you will soon end up grinding that one map that doesnt suck and gives you quick rewards. Classes do not posses any skills which would further differentiate them from one another. Unfortunatly also a pure button masher and not a great melee combat sytem like in dark messiah. A lot of potential unused... Oh and did I mention picking up barrels as objective in almost every level is ♥♥♥♥ing boring? Oh and not to mention crashes (yup you just ♥♥♥♥ed your party, thx random crash, and nope you wont rejoin cause someone will join the game in your stead as you can't reserve single slots) and horrible performance on some maps/ and certain effects. Oh and who doesnt want to get butt♥♥♥♥ed by rng at the end of a hard level receiving the same loot with all bonus enhancers you would receive on the lowest difficulty. Also there are several ways to cheese the levels atm which are heavily being abused by the community, which lead to a huge gap in gear for those who do not make use of the possibilites the game currently offers. There are levels where you can completly block enemy spawns no matter what the difficulty level and which are just broken in their current state. Also there are several bugs (e.g. resolution reset on startup) and more crashes than i think are acceptable for a launch title. Just to give a comparison: In the past 5 years not one launch title I played crashed as many times as warhammer did! Sry for the long rant there are of course also things I like about the game but I think the other reviews cover that in enough detail, overall I still would hold of and wait for the game to either be patched some more or on sale, as I do not think they will be able to fix the design issues any time soon."
76561198013691275,Recommended,235540,19321478,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dr Mc Vodka,this is one of the better 4 player co-op games i have played! its a hard and cold game and i love it !
76561198069577640,Recommended,235540,18697398,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ajax,You get to impale rats. It's fun.
76561198046560393,Recommended,235540,18697855,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GachiGASM,"After recent Warhammer titled games, I have been exetremly disapointed with the product. I felt like they just tossed away the rights to anyone who waved a dollar in their face. But I never gave up, Purchasing every Warhammer title like the sucker I am. Praying that one day a team of developers will bring the beautiful universe to life once more.Words can not describe how over joyed I am to finally see a worthy Warhammer title.  If you are familiar with L4D then youll definitely see the simillarites. But  with 5 characters with a plethora of gear and upgrades it leaves much to be obtained. Much more difficult then I orginally anticipated after wiping on the prologue 3-4 times I finally beat the first level in two hours time.  Its been awhile since I really felt rewarded for my efforts and hours of grinding. Getting your first piece of exotic gear is a fantastic feeling even if its not for your favourite  characterIf you are new to the Warhammer scene or a die hard fan you will fall in love with this game! I cannot wait to see what else is instore for Vermintide.  I highly recommend this game as it is well worth the price."
76561198054538711,Recommended,235540,20840807,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Preceptorbat,At this moment i've played it just under an hour and  ...FOR THE EMPEROR!Flintock Pistols / 10.
,Recommended,235540,18652606,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,milkman,Really fun co-op hack and slash game that requires teamwork and is actually challenging. Get it.
,Recommended,235540,18654009,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TheSadSnowflake,Kills rats n stuff
76561198006175640,Recommended,235540,18645148,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,A Murder of Crows,"I fought ratmen with flintlock pistols, a rapier and the most majestic hat ive ever seen10/10 would visit Ubersreik"
,Recommended,235540,24266711,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hairy Clutch,"When I walked in the door today, after a long day at the station, I curled up next to a dear old friend and sipped a dry martini. Vermintide made me that martini and put me to bed with a happy ending. Is it a good game? We'll find out in the morning."
,Recommended,235540,26643701,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,fish,"making this review because all of the negative reviews.Vermintide is an amazing game, despite a lot of issues.Yes, the developpers are lazy, yes the community can be toxic, and yes, Fatshark should focus on fixing bugs and not on ♥♥♥♥ing vr.but the combat is amazing, the voice acting, graphics and fun factor make this game very good.If this game supported modding, everyone would be happy (hint hint fatshark), and more people will play it.Still, its better then No Mans Sky, so stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing and kill some skaven."
76561198020402247,Recommended,235540,20007686,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TDOG,This game is great
,Recommended,235540,28464065,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hunteroid,I Rat this 10/10
,Recommended,235540,23279208,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,☢BarBarickNova☢,An amazing game if you are in to the Hack n Slash games.
76561198121068580,Recommended,235540,23372992,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mrfreeforall,dis game esh funnn
76561198057350683,Recommended,235540,23279552,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sir Situation,"It was great. The loot system is strange, but after a while you get used to it. The graphics are great, the fighting is fun. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,235540,23265164,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,"Fun game, I just wish there was more people playing this game online."
76561198036331585,Recommended,235540,28575300,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cloudshrive93,"Although it has a lot of similarities with left 4 dead 2 (I mean it looks like a left 4 dead 2 mod xD), it doesnt have to be a bad think. The game still looks fresh with a good combination of role playing and shooter mechanics all mixed up for a really enjoyable warhammer world experience (specially in coo). It has a good variation of characters, still there could be more (they will surely put more in the future) and classes of enemies, although you are always fighting skavens (sooo many raaaaats).Overall a really entertaining experience and a must buy for all you warhammer lovers and people who just wanna have a blast with 3 more people slashing and laughing their♥♥♥♥♥off trough the skaven horde.Overall: 8,5/10"
76561198005757129,Recommended,235540,18623126,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dovahbear,"Great 4 player coop fun heavily modeled after Left 4 Dead. Devs have been great in their communication with the community. Very atmospheric, feels very right for a game taking place in the Warhammer universe. I think this has the potential to become something legendary in the genre, but it's good fun for the money as it exists right now. Game dollars well spent, I highly recommend."
76561198145739358,Recommended,235540,33109568,Posted: 1 July,all,Vegetable Overlord,"Left For Rat: Smashing-RodentWhat's better than running around smashing rats with a hammer?Only con is the randomness of the loot, instead of random loot for all heroes you should have random loot for your own hero.All and all 10/10."
,Recommended,235540,18957536,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Strelok,"This is honestly the best Warhammer game I've ever played. Loot system can be a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from time time, but it's a fantastic first-person class-based horde mode game."
,Recommended,235540,31874326,Posted: 20 May,all,SkyWorld,Repetitive? Yes.Good gameplay? Yes.Still being patched and updated? Yes.Fan of the Left 4 Dead games? Yes.Than this game my friendsIs all for youHave fun time killing Vermins~~
76561197962584064,Recommended,235540,31887283,Posted: 21 May,all,Zeragrin,"A Tsunami of Rats! RunRun, QuickQuick!I have really been enjoying my time with this game. Picked it up fairly cheap with all of the DLC there is a staggering amount of content. The maps have been my favorite part of the game, they really feel epic and give a great sense of scope, while being extremely detailed. The DLC maps are just as good while adding some extra flavor of their own, I would suggest playing through the main Acts first and then moving onto the DLC maps in chronological order of release. The graphics are very good and the mechanics are tight. The unit balance has been great. Skaven Slaves take one chop, Clanrats take two, Stormvermin have to be hit in the face because of armor etc, everyone feels fun and unique to fight with different options at your disposal to overcome them. All of the guns, bows, swords, cudgels et all you grab all have fun little unlockables that add something to the melee combat beyond stats and appearance. The weapon skins are top notch.ProsHeros are varied in their abilities and gear loadouts, each is fun in their own way.All the classic Skaven units are on display, and subsequently murdered/destroyed.It's Old World WarhammerConsIt could be better optimized, Doom(2016) looks better and runs at higher framerates on Ultra for example.Missed chance for appearance item and gear system. Trinkets are great, gear would have been better.Bugs, everytime I launch the game I have to reset the resolution to re-enable custom monitor color/contrast settings. They do put out a TON of patches though, the game has continually become better.A few tipsAim for the eyes, easiest way to get constant headshots (headstabs?)Circle strafe to avoid being surrounded, but mind obstacles you will get caught onIf you have trouble taking out Stormvermin play the Dwarf Ranger. He is literally shorter in game and it's WAY eaiser to smash them in the face, avoiding their armor deflection altogether."
76561198072008217,Recommended,235540,18656621,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Evilslaktus,"It's been long since I bought a game this satisfying. Clever and gritty, love the setting. If you liked Left 4 Dead then you will love this one.Also, it's ridiculously cheap, if you are consider buying it and reading reviews to be sure, you will not be disappointed. Get it!"
,Recommended,235540,18644786,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,I Spit on your Big Macs,can someone explain to me why I am geting this errorGUID: c6e64ec3-3a28-4d32-b1e7-8411d663c692Log File: fm0c1bc0.2yyInfo Type: Vermintide/LL/CL/CD-----------------------------------------------[Engine Error]:  Version mismatch in bundle 4781bad4b7d3a395.patch_0 expected 4026531844 found 0Assertion failed `version == VERSION` at `F:\BuildAgent\work\6f7a459b109fb32b\foundation\foundation\resource\bundle.cpp:192`-----------------------------------------------[Crash Link]:http://crashify.i.fatshark.se/index/guid/c6e64ec3-3a28-4d32-b1e7-8411d663c692
76561198034743275,Recommended,235540,22402600,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,VideoDrone,it's a shame the player-base is so small. A good example of a truly under-rated game. Bless this ravaged body/10
76561197966941261,Recommended,235540,18705710,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,xErictheRe0x,A fantastically immersive  cooperative Warhammer Fantasy battle through a Skaven infested Imperial city of The Old World.
76561198077062364,Recommended,235540,19313098,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Putin on a show,"Every time something ""unfortunate"" happens I get to say ""That's so Skaven."""
,Recommended,235540,28504704,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Bencsk8r,I rat this game 10/10
76561198000810388,Recommended,235540,18758324,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MrJibJub,"i have been a fan of warhammer lore for many years now and really enjoy this game, 30$ starting is great, loot system is great, dyifuculy of lvls is great and the online comunity is awesome, they will helo you out and is very active. im very impressed with this game and the combat is responsive. cant wait for more dlc with caracters and loot and enemies with i am willing to buy because of the starting 30$"
,Recommended,235540,23973157,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,theNoize,"Soundtracks amaizing!!!! grafix beutiful, the game play fun and exciting... its alot like a warhammer version of kilingfloor....  highly recomended... get it love it play it....  youre going to need a heavy machine to play it and its seams to be internet only... so will need online game play to play...8/10  worth owning, 10/10 if youre a warhammer fan!!!!!"
76561197968207372,Recommended,235540,24451408,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Harpoon'd Sumo,"Chivalry meets Left4Dead. Game has excellent action, a good number of levels. As everyone else is saying, loot is slow in rewarding players. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,235540,18673792,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The_Apothecary,"This game is just fantastic, some people say it is a copy and reskin of left4dead?I disagree, this game is superior in every single way and I love it to bits, with promises of countless more levels coming from the developers whom have yet to disapoint me?I can't wait to see how well they will do."
76561198006679696,Recommended,235540,18553385,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zeus Thundercock,REMOVE SKAVEN FORM THE PREMISESWOOD ELF MASTERRACE GET ♥♥♥♥ED JEW RATS WE KILL YOU ALL WITH ARROWS AND DAGGERS HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHYOU WANT MORE?COME GET ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198011194841,Recommended,235540,18719187,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,LordShotGun,"Worth the money! The ideas of the game are pure left 4 dead with special enemies, item slots, and various objective to advance the stage.  The execution of these idea are amazing with tight controls, intresting and difficult special enemies and the best melee combat I have even encountered. But this game doesn't stop at left 4 dead, it has 5 different classes/characters each with several different weapons which each have different play styles. It also has a loot item system that keeps you coming back for another round."
,Recommended,235540,18556364,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Jawbone,"Do you like Left 4 Dead?Do you like Warhammer?If the answer to either question was yes, buy it.Plenty of other people here do in depth reviews, this is my bottom line."
,Recommended,235540,18649798,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Valnak,"Take Warhammer Online's art, classes and themes, combine with MOBA like item drops and make it play like a melee version of Left 4 Dead. Blood for the blood god."
,Recommended,235540,18681146,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,::Kri,"Amazing game, looks fantastic and challenging at times.Only con is that I wish there was more variety in mobs."
,Recommended,235540,18770533,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fastsnake,"As someone who absolutely loves both the Warhammer world and coop FPS games like Left 4 Dead and Payday (the two games I played the most in my life), I couldn't dislike this game... Unless it was a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥up from the beginning to the end! And it definitely wasn't! The game mechanisms are pretty good, and the medieval world makes it really refreshing...Only worries though: I wonder if I'll still play this game that eagerly after 100 hours just like I did with L4D2...The ennemies are not extremely varied... Let alone the specials and the semi-bosses, we end fighting the two same type all over and over again. But this game will surely have DLC, which will also add new class to play.18/20 (as a Warhammer lover)16/20 (for someone more objective)."
76561198004767979,Recommended,235540,18675904,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Fallrach,such warhammer. much fight. wow
76561197993353063,Recommended,235540,18651380,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Xaven,"Surprise game of the year, I mean seriously can't remember the last time a game this good has come out of nowhere before.The special monsters in this game feel very similar to left for dead but other than that this game truly sets itself apart. There are 5 different characters that all have their own unique playstyle and weapon types, 90% of the time I have played the dwarf and I can't get enough. The mix of melee combat with ranged with easy quick swapping between them keeps it fresh.The game is very difficult and requires some teamwork but it is extremely rewarding. It does not flood you with good gear you really have to earn it, I'm still wearing blues and have yet to find an Exotic or legendary but with their forge system (very user friendly crafting) you can combine 5 blues and make a random Exotic if RNG keeps getting the best of you.Some of the longer levels can get frustrating if you do not get enough medical supplies to survive the constant rat attacks and end up losing they can end up being 30min matches that you get defeated and you will earn no loot. Also really looking forward to them having dedicated servers because right now one person hosts the game and if they lose connection mid match the whole match restarts and it will really frustrate you when you end up wasting 20min because the player hosting has a client crash or dc.This is a great game and I'm very excited for the future it has so much potentional and will continue to grow with fatshark really getting involved with the community and listening to player feedback."
76561197990874491,Recommended,235540,18635920,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Onslaught™,"PROS:Fun, action-packed and addictive co-op L4D-like gameplay with the Warhammer lore. You'll be facing hordes of vermin Skavens, Rat Ogres, Ratling Gunners, Globadiers etc. You characters can level up and loot better weapons and you may also forge your own by salvaging some of your loot. Oh, and if you like a challenge, this game is for you, normal difficulty is a nightmare already! What else can you ask for?CONS:Unstable/ not fully optimized yet, bugs need to be addressed."
,Recommended,235540,18532327,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,THEBIGDICKBANDIT,"Picked this game up because it looked slightly interesting .... turns out its L4D's half adopted brother, fun as hell plus a loot system that makes rerunning old missions actually desireable. dank/10"
,Recommended,235540,18553704,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ninjannuity,"So do you like loot?Gore?Dismemberment?Co-operative team directed outcomes (saving your friends)?Relying on communication to best the inordinate numbers against you (teaching your friends to need less saving)?Affordability?Because if you are unsure this game will make you realize that you, in fact, do.Also, do you DISLIKE rats?Because,YOUANNIHILATE THE HORDES OFRATSWarhammer End Times - Vermintide is a fun and brutal representation of only a small part of the Warhammer fantasy world. However, this particular part is done with much care given to the universe it has been developed from and the fans who cherish it.Playing with others I have often heard ""I'd never played/heard of Warhammer before this"" because this is truly an untraditional take on the Warhammer (typically RTS or top-down squad-based RPG), that does not mean that it is bad. This game is very entertaining, both to those who play and watch broadcasts of it, likely due to the intensity of the combat and beauty of the graphics.I have a 6Gb GTX 980 Ti and the game looks perfect, I have yet to see any visual errors.The damage dealt to the opponents is accurate depending on where you slash, bash or blast - with much satisfaction, just you wait.Granted in its current 3 map stage, it is mostly a grind, but the loot system makes it a fun and challenging grind. Teams work toward obtaining more die to roll at the end of eachsuccessful missionthat helps them get better gear. Loot dice can either be found in chests, or earned by making the challenge more difficultby obtaining grimoires that reduce the health of the entire party. In such an event the game quickly becomes next to impossible without effective teamwork. When one has excess gear that they do not want, they can use them for crafting - which is an easy and intuitive system.Each character is unique and fun to play, with satisfying and humorous unique interactions depending on the characters chosen (4 of 5 possible).TL;DR : Similar L4D2 but way more beautiful, engaging, lore-driven, with an intuitive (and potentially very challenging) loot system and easy crafting, features unique interaction among the unique character classes and teamwork is integral to success. Highly recommended, fun to play and stream. ALSO AFFORDABLE.9.9*(when it gets released as the full game it will be a 10.)Also, how cool are the devs? They gave us the game to play a week before it came out, at a 10% discount, and listen to the community about errors or changes. Huge thanks/love to FatShark."
,Recommended,235540,18540694,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[B-LG] Billy Zane,"These are just my initial impressions thus far:Pros-------------------------+Graphics are quite nice, especially considering the $30 price tag+Themes, aesthetics, and environments are all faithful to the lore.+While it's a greatly executed L4D homage, it distinguishes itself with its RPG elements. With multiple primary weapons, ranged weapons, trinkets, and secondary effects PER class—of which there are five—means that you can really carve out a nice niche and find a playstyle that suits you.+On that note, classes are fantastic, voice actors are spot on, and each bring something special to the party.+Loot system is really rewarding. With tomes that players have the option of carrying (at the expense of not having a health item in reserve) and loot die that modify your post game roll to grant you unique items, I not only understood the system right away but felt that it was fair and motivated me to push on.+The little things, like replacing a main menu with an interactive Inn, makes this game really unique. Reminds me of Dungeon Defenders in that sense.+Fatsharks did a great job at making hosting/joining easy and straightforward. Rather than being stuck watching a loading bar while you search for a game, you stay within the inn and can continue upgrading and moving around. It's a little thing, but really great.+Another way they distinguish themselves from Steam's game is through their level design. While it's ultimately linear, there are enough paths, rooms, hidden areas, and alternate routes that make you feel like you take a slightly different way every play session.Cons--------------------------Melee combat felt sluggish at first. While I did get used to it eventually, I felt like both the player's range and the enemy's were exaggerated.-Some specials, such as the packmaster, are indistinguishable from the common mob. Considering he loops his noose around your neck and drags you away without providing any window to counter, they could maybe work on his model. Other specials have armor, neon green accesories, and tend to indicate their presence in some way. Suffice it to say, the Predator-esque sneakyness of the Packmaster is rage inducing and I've seen one pull 3 seperate members of my party off to get pummeled. I realize this is as much learning curve as anything else, but I feel like the devs were inconsistent with that one special. Give him some kind of bone effigy strapped to his back or something that towers over him so we could at least see him.-As some have mentioned, the host system makes for a potentially frustrating game session given that the map resets when the host leaves. While I've learned to host my own games to avoid dropped sessions, this system leaves much to be desired. Especially on higher difficulties, maps can take a good amount of time to complete and, without checkpoints of any kind, a reset could be rage inducing. This is something that they need to seriously consider changing.-A few bugs here and there. I figured I'd try using my gamepad after a couple of hours (Xbox one remote) and the ""X"" command to interact and pick up items didn't work. Also, the VOIP didn't seem to function. I'd appreciate seeing an in game mic prompt to show that the channel is at least open, followed by a green coloration if your voice gets through.-------------------------Overall, a very pleasant find. This was an impulse buy after having gotten into the Horus Heresy book series for 40k and needing to scratch a Warhammer itch. This in no way disappoints. I could see it potentially getting repetitive after a while, but given that they're releasing a ton of maps at launch and that there's a loot and upgrade system, I feel like there's some depth and replyability to be enjoyed. Given that a simple game like L4D which, when well executed, provides thousands of hours of fun, I can see Vermintide doing the same thing.Thanks for reading!"
76561198044439884,Recommended,235540,18522102,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Asavir,"left4 dead is a game where you pump endless rounds of ammo a hords of mindless undead.This is much, much more than that.The Rat is vicous, clever and very sneaky. they climp over everything, they are always trying to get the better of you wether that is rushing you with raw numbers, sending a ogre rat your way, throwing globs of poison gas at you, backstabing you, choking you out dragging you away from your friends - then hanging you alone until you slowly watch yourself die. With various combinations depending on the scenario and difficulty level. You must stick together and work tactically as a team to meet various unique threats.I could never get into a mindless zombie clone, so if you are worried that this is a 'cheesy' left4dead copycat... well its just not.I'm insta hooked, good graphics, awsome melee combat feel, work togeather to survive or perish as a team.Really looking forward to more maps and hopefully more characters."
76561198028969627,Recommended,235540,18545269,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pihliz,One of the best games I've ever played!Unfortunately this game needs 4 player gaming group and mic connection.If you got those then I totally recommend!NOT for singleplayers
76561197983153729,Recommended,235540,18547370,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mayo,"Pretty awsome game! It's like the other reviews says, it's like Left for dead, only in here there is a loot system. I like the loot system, and the game itself its pretty awsome! If you like left for dead kinda games, you gonna like this one also! Reccomended!"
,Recommended,235540,18641556,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,KillOrder,"What happens when you mix Left 4 Dead, Chivalry, and RPG elements from Warhammer? A freakin fun game!"
,Recommended,235540,18537183,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,EiJi,"Love Warhammer, love the game! The basis is like L4D2, but needing really good team work! Very addictive game, Forging/Loot/Upgrade/Fuse are random but it's fair. It's a RPG/Horror/Hack&Slash/WarhammerFantasy/REAL CO-OP game. It is not an easy game, so don't expect it to be like L4D2. Where you run off and think you can solo leaving your partners behind! You will die alone in the corner somewhere, literally!"
76561198008149534,Recommended,235540,19212827,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,"Dark abandoned city streets.The vermin have raided Ubersriek and your four heroes are knee deep in the dead.If you are a Games Workshop fan and have always wanted to mass murder skaven (ratmen)this game is f***ing awesome.It has old world style, plenty of blood and carnage,and crafty medieval style weapons from the dark age.Game is 1st person.FatShark has really created an addictive game with all the essentials.I give Vermintide 9/10 StarsYou cant go wrong for $29"
,Recommended,235540,23649747,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Crayven,"I like this game.The graphics are pretty, you have nice floods of enemies and the overall estethic fits the franchise,The gameplay is very good, feels more realistic than Chivaldry Medival Warfares.The loot system is grindy, like Borderlands grindy. But one have to play the game for it's gameplay not for loot, as it's not mandatory for the campaign.The voice acting is brilliant, never ""felt and sound"" getting lectured by an Inquisitor that good. ""Go for the HEAD not the ARMOR!""Overall, it's a very nice 4 man/woman player co-op hack n slay game. 9/10"
76561197976777186,Recommended,235540,19135083,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dressel,"Challenging, fun, with enough variation between weapon sets and characters to keep things interesting.  Don't wander away from the group."
,Recommended,235540,18635716,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DicksGuy,Left 4 Dead with Chivalry combat and a loot system to boot?10/10 would beat rats to death again.
,Recommended,235540,18535956,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ntr☠,Warhammer: End Times cured my erectile dysfunction.10/10
,Recommended,235540,18645417,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,EckyThump,"One word: fantatic.I could waste my time writing more, but I'd rather spend it killing rats.  For the price of a few beers, this will keep you entertained for far longer than most every other title in the same price range."
76561198097034006,Recommended,235540,19214433,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,M.F.G. Breaker285,this game is a solid play i've been playing it alot lately aside from the amount of farming you do just to get better gear its a whole lot of fun probably the best game i've bought sense ark
76561198043364768,Recommended,235540,19210427,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Loreweaver,"This game reminds me of Left for dead on hard mode, the progressive elements of rat spawns and the continous horde keep your eyes wide and wondering if this next wave is going to kill you. Some may think that the loot is too hard to get or grind up while others make the game look so easy you wonder why the gods mock your pitiful struggles in comparison. Defeat leaves a bad taste in your mouth yet the sight of victory is another moment to feel like you have achieved something. Each level you make some progression win or lose I have really enjoyed the game overall because of this. When the new DLC come out I hope for more options in characters as well as the enemies possibly dropping loot. Best wishes and see you in game."
76561198006281162,Recommended,235540,20332197,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,You're a Psyker Harry,"Been playing for a couple of months now, thoroughly enjoyed my experience, but it's not without its flaws.Pros:- Has a pretty smooth, very satisfying melee, each hit rewards control and awareness in cutting through Skaven. Probably one of the best first-person melee I have experienced in gaming- Highly reccomend playing it with friends, but I haven't had much of a bother with players online either, the community seems pretty friendly. It has a pretty cool search system where you can just hang out in an inn and just mess around, though I do wish the inn was more interactable- Great use of the liscence, probably one of the best, if not the best Warhammer game to date that has used the stylish gothic/germanic architecture to create some impressive enviroments for you to redden up with rat bodies. Also props to Jesper Kyd for a pretty damn good soundtrack that compliments the End Times- Loot system encourages you to progress through the game with a large variety of weapons, encouraging you to find reason to go back to the game and perform challenges where the game rewards you with loot bonuses for playing through higher difficulties and collecting tomes and the dreaded grimoirs. Although the loot system is based around types of dice and can be very random, it is worth noting that weapons you do not like can be forged and changed in many ways for more favourable chances and other weapons- In terms of the many inspirations off of the Left 4 Dead game, I think Vermintide has done one of the better. It might even surpass Left 4 Dead in some element- Skaven are really fun opponents. They will try to surround you, ambush you and catch you off guard. As you progress through the difficulties you will have to understand exactly the best ways to kill them in certain situations and understand their movements and animations as you fight them to take minimal damage. Skaven do have 'Special Skaven' units who do have their owns ways of dealing with you, and they do feel pretty unique in some ways, with exception to the Rat Ogre, which does feel a lot like a Left 4 Dead Tank (though I suppose it wouldn't be a 100% fair comparison since Rat Ogres have been around for almost 30 years) Listening to the Skaven skittering dialogues is pretty fun too. It's great to see them done well in a video game-Classes offer nice variety, each one feels different in some sense with their own fun typical Warhammer personalities- Nice variety of missions, each one is very different and will take you to different enviroments of the Warhammer world, not just around an Empire town but through forests, graveyards, and even underground into Skaven territoryCons:-The game can be incredibly punishing at some times. Obviously such a challenging game has its benefits as well, but there are no 'safe rooms' or deployed healing items at the start, and if you end up getting wiped out near the end of the mission and made to start again, it can be incredibly fustrating, especially considering that this is a team-oriented game and you will have to rely a lot on other players- I can't help but note that this game DOES have a lot of similarities with Left 4 Dead in mechanics, and some people might be bothered by this, though I haven't so far known anyone who has played the game so far to complain about it, but I'm sure there are people who prefer a lot more originality in their games, and that is fine. There will be plenty of situation you might come across, especially with objectives, and say 'This feels a lot like Left 4 Dead'- Bugs are still a big problem with this game. A lot of big ones have been fixed which is great, but there are still some noteworthy ones that can disrupt the gaming experience, such as the Rat Ogre spawning in walls and areas where it cannot move, leaving you spending the rest of the game listening to its music awkwardly. Sometimes as well when someone is pinned by the Gutter Runner their bodies seem to trail off visually- Loot system is very random-based, and although Fatshark has allowed players to increases chances to specific items, it can still be a bother to end up rolling a low tier weapon after grinding through a very hard mission, or end up with the same weapon you have had before, or one that is used by a class you barely touch- Ending felt a bit of a bummer. Boss level feels a bit more satisfying at higher difficulties, but I feel that there were a lot better ways to go with this. It would have been exciting to have actually fought a single and powerful enemy  followed by the occasional swarm rather than doing underwhelming tasks that we have done in previous missionsOverall definatly one of the best Warhammer games out there, might even say one of the best coop games this year as well in my opinion. Hope that in the future more DLC will be promoted so that we can have more classes, missions, and enemies"
76561198102480951,Recommended,235540,28889747,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,4Fun (VACUM),Who need ♥♥♥♥ing zombie if we can kill a rats.
,Recommended,235540,23441342,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Spector,If you had that point in your life where it was Left4Dead all the time just buy this. Then find all those people who you use to play Left4Dead with and tell them to buy it too. Enjoy yourself.
,Recommended,235540,20997253,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,☂Mawiois,"Just amazing.If you've played Left 4 Dead most of the things feel familiar, running through long maps with enemies all around, there's healing items, buff items, bombs, enemies are pretty much the same, characters comment on the mission + everyone's actions + backstory, etc.Main difference is, you bring a melee and a ranged weapon to every mission, and it stays on you. You don't pick them off the ground or drop them. After each mission and level up, you can get a new type of weapon/hat/misc.Balance is good. There isn't any microtransaction BS. The devs are updating fairly regularly. So it'll be even goodier. Just buy it, now."
,Recommended,235540,21017272,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DeadlyConduct,Game is similar to left for dead. The mechanics are like chivalry. gameplay is amazing. definately recommend
,Recommended,235540,21044508,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,I am the Liqour,It's like skyrim but with rats
76561198001678953,Recommended,235540,21053602,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rob 962,"Great game if you like co-operative survival.Much like Left 4 Dead, but feels more rewarding and with a greater emphasis on melee combat."
76561197988324825,Recommended,235540,21080789,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Scaitan|Kaela,"Vermintide is generally a fantasy version of Left4Dead, replacing zombies (yes, infected...I know) with big bipedal rats that love bells and getting their head chopped off.I could go into the lore of Warhammer Fantasy now, but it is basically a Skaven (aformentioned rats) invasion of the city of Übereik that marks the beginning of the end times ultimatly leading to the end of the world. Visually this game is fantastic, created with a commentable eye for detail and knowledge of the lore. With good choice of classes with different weapons, a good choice of maps (will hopefully increase in the future) and good pace the game is a lot of fun, especially with friends.There has, however, been a lengthy discussion recently whether me playing mostly the Waywatcher (or 'only the waywatcher' as some malicious observers insist on pointing out) disqualify me from writing a review in the first place.So. Let it be said henceforth: this game is so good, I enjoy it even though I play mostly one class. I love bows in videogames! Everyone who doesn't like it can go ♥♥♥♥ himself!!"
,Recommended,235540,21119361,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Gazpins,"I quite like this game, but unless you have some pals to play it with, I can't really recommend it. Even on Normal, I feel like the AI never cease to let me down.There's some things I think the game needs improvement on:- The AI is remarkably stupid. They can't defend themselves from special rats and don't prioritize saving others. They usually end up staring at you getting dragged away until they notice something's off.- Rat Ogres feel like they have way too much health. Unless it's because I usually play with my one friend and us two are the only ones who are actually hitting it, then that kind of just goes back to my first point where the AI is sort of useless.- It seems like getting decent loot for the character you want takes forever. Yes, a trinket was added to increase the chances there, but even so, unless you play on higher difficulty, you'll be stuck with white rarities for a while. For the most part, it's really just luck. There's a chance you'll get what you want quickly, and there's also a chance you'll be stuck getting crap over and over again. Some sort of boost to help speed this along would be great.- No checkpoints. This is good and bad. If you just want to casually play through the levels, it'd be nice if there was some sort of checkpoint system, since some stages can seem to drag on. Plus, if you lose the stage you get a pity reward of some shards that can be used for crafting which is a rather meager reward. Maybe something like sacrificing a dice to restart at a half-way point, opposed to having start over from the beginning.- Empty chests. I don't know if this was intentional, but it's a bit annoying. A lot of chests you open simply have nothing in them. To me, it would make more sense to have less chests on the map, but guarantee there was something in them every time.Anyway, since I posted this as a positive review, I should probably list what I actually like about it. The setting is unique and very cool. I really dig the abandoned gothic fantasy feel it gives off, and the rat enemies are creepy and fitting. I like how powerful you feel mowing down hordes of rat babies.While, I dislike how luck orientated the loot system is, I do like the idea of stats and weapon choice for this sort of game. It gives a bit of motivation to complete levels and a good reason to try harder difficulties. It would just feel more rewarding if it was something you would actually use.Coming from someone who finds L4D2 somewhat boring, yes I can see how easy it is to compare the two. They are quite similar in formula and structure. However, it's worth trying out even if you dislike L4D2 because you might actually enjoy this game.Also, apparently a DLC pack is coming out with some free aspects to it, so that's cool.I give it a high-five / 10."
76561198040346040,Not Recommended,235540,21180002,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zergjerk,"So many fanboys hyping this game.   Tryed this game for 30min or so then refunded.  FoV slider is totally bugged makes u c trhough walls will make u sick after 5mins of play. Graphics decent, Sounds rather bad.  Melee combat IS really really bad.  When u swing ur 2h hammer dosen't feel like it at all more like if u were swinging a wet noodle no feel of weight behind the swings.  AT full price DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!   Try killing floor 2, left for dead 2 or helldrivers instead but avoid this game it's just plain bad and way way over hyped.   When it goes 80-90% sale then it's almost worth it."
,Recommended,235540,21001045,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Stiney,If you liked Left for Dead but wanted it to be more melee oriented then you'll enjoy this game. I found it rather challenging at first because its very easy to be come over run and its easy to run out of ammo/over heat your ranged weapons. That being said it really isnt much of a learning curve as the play style is something we've all played before. There is a loot/crafter system that is simple and easy to use that you can fine tune your play style which i found was really nice touch.
,Recommended,235540,21074708,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Struyk,"Great game, I would call this: Left 4 Dead 3!"
76561197991155039,Recommended,235540,21109136,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Walpurgis,"Really fun, great game.  Graphics are top notch and the gameplay is really spot on.  The banter between the characters in this game keeps with the spirit of Warhammer and adds quite a bit to the game.  Overall a fun experience and well worth it in the end.The only issues I have with this game are the end game is a bit repetitive.  Also there needs to be some in game friends list so that you can add people on the fly in game instead of depending on Steam.  Also an ignore feature or blacklist feature that will stop you from being grouped up with the person on that list.  You really needs a group of buddies in order to fully enjoy the later game, the PUGs I have been in are really hot and cold, and mostly cold from what I have experienced."
,Recommended,235540,21117054,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ComfyPants,"Big win.  If you loved the L4D games, you'll be right at home here.  I like this even better.  It feels like L4D just suddenly evolved into this different world but at the same time, offers enough new change and a bit of loot based progression to make me feel much more invested in my character.It has very intuitive controls, and a nice fluid feel in combat.  While it's easy to just pop on and play and even do fairly well, there is also a lot of room for skilled players to set themselves apart from the pack.The visual and audio elements are done wonderfully.  A great soundtrack to go with the maps, audible clues as gameplay notifications, and it all sounds very clean and clear no matter how messy things get in battle, except when it shouldn't, like when you're about to bleed out.  ;)The graphics are great, nice high res performance, rich textures, and plenty of eye candy options if you want to push your GTX 960 to the edge, like I do.  On an older card, like a GTX460(tested this) - you'll still get pretty nice quality video, nothing that you'd ever sneer at, and with very acceptable performance.At first glance, the game doesn't seem to have the story at the level L4D did, but as I play it through, the interactions of the characters continue to bring out more and more, bit by bit, and it all comes together very nicely.At full price, this game is absolutely worth the money.  It will remain especially so if the developers produce some more DLC, preferably maps and game modes, so that it doesn't become repetitive.If you catch it on a steam sale, buy more than one copy.  You'll want to give some to your friends.  The community is very nice, as a refreshing change of pace, but it still feels a bit small.  I'll definitely consider future titles from Fatshark."
76561197970772643,Recommended,235540,21098407,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Malakithi,What a game! Really well tied into the Warhammer world and the weapons feel brutal and realistic. love this game!
,Recommended,235540,21127963,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,AReasonWhy,"People say its like left 4 dead but with swords. They are partially right. This is not bad, l4d was one of the more succesful co-op games of the past and I am surprised it took this long for someone to take up those gameplay elements and put a new spin on it. Vermintide does exactly that.The differences are quite some. Instead of interchangable guns, you've got classes with exclusive weapons, each feeling just a bit different. Focus on melee combat, with harsher ammo limits. Positives include stellar music that fits the game, enjoyable gameplay, funny banter and fun enemies, some l4d equivalents some brand new.There are two negatives, and I want to adress these in case things like these turn you off. First off, the graphics did not impress me. While the game is technically competent, the artstyle is dark, muddy and the locales blend together and look very sameish. Secondly, ocassional glitches, thankfully not many and mostly concerning animations missing/glitching or just stuck popups (I've noticed that the subtitles sometimes seem to get stuck as well as some of the tips). That said, the game is well optimised and I've only noticed a single framerate drop in about 3 hours of play while playing on everything maxed out.The game is hard on difficulties hard and up, and provides a challenge where you want a good working team. While people warned from playing it in soloqueue, I haven't had many issues so far, tho I do advise picking your server/party/hoster manually for minimal lag."
76561198027024527,Recommended,235540,21709824,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Von Christen,"In my third run of the first map I got cut off from my team and got surrounded by entire Skaven slave pack, I managed to survive by holidng a steady one man shieldwall and picked them off slowly while shoving them off the rooftops.It was ♥♥♥♥ing glorious."
76561198012572615,Recommended,235540,21735683,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Prometheus,"The left4dead with rats comparison would be accurate, if left4dead had a simple yet engaging melee combat system with a large variety of ranged and combat weapons that had interesting abilities and changed play style allowing for plenty of hours of fun. The visuals are also very nice and enemies are easily distinguished which is important in the game because there's a good variety of enemy types.Progression in the game is good enough to keep you wanting play and the different grades of weapons means that you want to keep playing in order to find out what interesting and unique items you'll get.There's 13 maps in the campaign mode with 5 difficulty levels so all ability types are covered. Finding games is easy enough but the way your rewards scale based on difficultly could mean that later on the community has moved up to the top 2 difficulties and new players would have trouble finding games.Atmosphere in the game is absolutely great. The sound design is immersive and you'll use it in game to find out what's happening in the level.  It runs worse on ADM processors but don't let that put you off buying the game.All the heroes play in their own way but some have 'shared' weapons, for example the witch hunter and Empire soldier both have two handed swords because some heroes deal damage and others are more crowd control, allowing you to play in different ways.At the end of the day it's a good game well worth buying. The devs are also continuing to support the game with updates and some future DLC, so it's not going to drop off the face of the earth anytime soon."
76561198082640923,Recommended,235540,23280210,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Paul196UK,Having tried this all weekend for free I was most disappointed to come on this evening to find it had finished. So I bought the game as I have really enjoyed playing this in multi player and with BOTS (single player).  Its like LFD2 in its team based but you are fighting rats instead of zombies. A must have for any FPS fans. 10/10
,Recommended,235540,21515991,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The magic Ale,left 4 rats also the closest to left 4 dead 3.
,Recommended,235540,18778893,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Horvaticus,"Part Left 4 Dead, Part Diablo, All Fun. This game came from nowhere, and at a $30 pricepoint it's the new Payday in terms of cooperative gameplay and action. Pick it up! You won't regret it! The first hour or so is bland, but once you start unlocking new things from drops it becomes very addictive!"
76561198090694293,Recommended,235540,18777242,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PhoneySpring646,Left 4 Dead... Rats Edition
76561197978438174,Recommended,235540,23228222,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Havoc,"Awesome and somewhat unique game, fun to play with randoms or your friends which is quite nice. DEVS push out a DLC cycle of free, paid, free, paid which I am ok with since they do add a lot of content and still allow you to enjoy it with others even if you don't own it.They can have more of my money."
76561197977558144,Recommended,235540,18900723,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ThePhil,"I am personally biased in favor of most things Warhammer. However, while the gameplay is fast and the controls are fluidI recommend this game, but with a few caveats.Overall: First impression, this game is gory! There is a lot of rat blood and brains and it stains the environment frequently in great volumes. Overall, the gameplay is fast, though a few of the system designs can be frustrating. The potential for equipment upgrades comes only upon succesful completion of a mission. And, since this is a cooperative game your chances for loot are largely dependent upon other people playing well. Mission failures will typically happen near the end of a scenario, which can make the player feel as though the previous 10-20 minutes were a waste of time as the only reward for a failed mission is a small amount of XP. Play with people you know and you are sure to have fun in small doses. Longer sessions can be repetitive.First the game runs very well on mid-high end systems. I consistenly run 30+ FPS with little noticeable stutter. System specs listed at the end.Graphics: Screenshots are pretty, especially if you are able to turn up the quality. The art team did a great job with environment and lighting design. The player characters have great textures and animations, with one exception (see below).Gameplay: The gameplay is smooth, though it is oddly hampered with design choices with animation and feedback.Where this game falls short from a presentation standpoint is with the animation of the enemies. This is a quite large shortcoming in my eyes. The textures are not an issue. It is specifially the way the rats are animated and interact with the player that makes them appear flat. This can make it difficult to judge their distance from you. Combine this with the fact that the player's attacks are animated the same whether they impact an enemy or not and the player is frequently wondering whether what he is doing is actually effective. This general lack of combat feedback can be frustrating, especially for a new player. I feel that this is a mistake that a more seasoned staff would not have made. Providing combat feedback to the player is crucial in any game.Another design choice I oppose, though some would disagree with me, is that there are simply too many rats! Their AI is typically to simply charge the players, take a few hits and die. A vast majority of the enemies encountered behave in this exact pattern. Several times per level the players will encounter one or two 'special' rats which can truly make things difficult for the group. This is where most player deaths come from. A majority of the rats slain in each level will pose absolutely no challenge to the group UNLESS one of these special rats is present. In my opinion they may as well not even exist as they are simply filler when faced on their own.I'm hoping that future patches and expansions refine rat animations and show improved enemy AI to make low level encounters more interesting. I have not experience the game breaking bugs which others have reported.System:Windows 10 Home 64-bit (10.0, Build 10240) (10240.th1.150930-1750)Language: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: Gigabyte Technology Co., Ltd.Processor: AMD FX(tm)-8320 Eight-Core Processor            (8 CPUs), ~3.5GHzMemory: 16384MB RAMVideo Card: 660ti"
76561198076491205,Recommended,235540,18535914,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TRON,nice game
,Recommended,235540,23340064,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,a*****ingLoad,fun until I glitched through the floor and died
,Recommended,235540,33357881,Posted: 7 July,all,Gilles le Breton,"Vermintide manages to capture the feeling of the Warhammer World and couples that with excellent gameplay. The environments, characters, and items are all tremendously characterful and feel unique without being outside the general style of Warhammer.Also, big maces."
76561197988369507,Recommended,235540,33468748,Posted: 11 July,all,Zezi,"L4D2 with rats instead of zombies, but you can do so much more"
76561198073183079,Recommended,235540,25508950,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,oobang73,If you like 4 player coop games you will love this
,Recommended,235540,24245966,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kittybooze,Gameplay mechanics of Left 4 Dead. The graphics and gore of Killing floor 2. The fighting system of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. This is my favorite FrankenGame. :D
,Recommended,235540,18778113,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,✌,L4D2 had sex with skyrim and gave birth to this game.Gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 and congratul8.But really just go buy it.And if you dont buy your ♥♥♥♥ing missing out on some wicked♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing gameplay
76561198063630256,Recommended,235540,18647355,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Starlight,i love this game so fun just sucks when u get a newbie in ur group and he does not turn on viop
76561198030000283,Recommended,235540,18643628,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nazumagal,Very fun.
76561197960703407,Recommended,235540,21223936,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,eth,Truly one of the best games I've played... so addicting
76561198078738677,Recommended,235540,20735754,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Yeoman Archer,"Perhaps one of the best games set in the Warhammer Fantasy setting for immersion. Visuals from artistic direction to the graphics are fantastic and the sound is top notch.Voice acting is what really shines here. I have become really attached to all of the characters and not only is the voice acting good and done with conviction if not passion, the dialogue is true to lore for the most part and each character has a unique personality that has pros and cons. They are not a band of buddies and the banter is golden; ranging from competitve to down right insulting each other, but then in times of need the characters are appreciative and do look out for each other as the levels progress.Game play wise, everyone is going to say it's a L4D2 rip off...but how long ago was L4d2 and really it's more like inspired than just a clone, there is way more features to the enemies and fighting is a little more complex than just rapidly clicking or holding down the mouse button with a machine gun as timing is everything from; pushes, blocking with your shield, parries, wide swings to thrusts, each class has unique weapons but there is some overlap in tactics, but you still need to be familar with how to use a rapier and know it's strengths and weaknesses versus thinking it's just like a broad sword.Also L4D2 didn't have a Tsundere religious one eyed witch hunter who only pretends to hate everything, a PTSD'd illiterate war veteran, a pyromaniac cougar wizard, a happy drunk dwarf who likes humming jaunty tunes while killing even though it's the end of the world and he knows it and finally an arrogant and totally racist elf ♥♥♥♥♥ belittling everyone for having an expected life expectancy under a century.If you love Warhammer lore, this is for you.If you are just a gamer who knows nothing about Warhammer lore, this game is for you because it's fun and fresh. You'll curse L4D2 for being borring as hell once you get the hang of surviving Vermintide."
,Recommended,235540,18627786,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Yaridovich,"9/10I cannot say this enough: Vermintide is AMAZING. I was already very interested when I had seen the trailers some time before, but when I actually got to play it, it was even better than expected.The gameplay is amazing, combat feels great and works well, the game is both challenging and rewarding, different characters offer different ways to play the game and obtaining new items in the end of each match includes a decent level of dynamism to the game, with new guns and trinkets to improve each character.The story is interesting (even for those who aren't fans of Warhammer), the dialogue is awesome and even funny at some points.And with the devs having mentioned that the game will have both free updates and DLCs in the future, I'm sure there's going to be a LOT of content to keep the game fresh and going for a long time.HIGHLY recommended!"
,Recommended,235540,19460376,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,arrgfoxkills,"Look at the game statshttp://steamcharts.com/app/235540.Looks like the game is losing lots of players.The  ""Free DLC""  was  an update and didn't have all the features the devs  said it would.There  are  lots of crashes an bugs in a classic style 1 patch fixes 1 bug but makes 2 more.I have put around 200 hours in so far.When I play,  the game crashes or bugs out  some examples are random unplayable lag, steam   login errors(kicks you out the game saying you are not logged in)The rats clip they can hit you through the floors the ceilings and the walls They will clip through  block they literally clip through your body/block and hit you.(new to the upstrokes they added last patch)Shield users glitch out when speed potions are applied (can not use charge attacks.They clip through rats doing no damage)Most common for me and my 780ti is  video crashes with error reports and audio glitches that sound like a drum beating a million times a second then crash an bug reports.Soo when the game works it can be very fun.  However do no expect a polished  finished game."
76561198001475582,Recommended,235540,19477646,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Niv™,"This is a fantastic game. It takes everything that made Left 4 Dead fun to play and improves on it. The melee combat is much more satisfying than sitting in a corner holding down LMB at a horde of boring zombies.Character-to-character banter is on point, especially."
76561198135614484,Recommended,235540,19183378,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Co-op Arcadia,Alternate titles that describe the game best.8. Here's another repeater pistol7. Yes! Joined a halfway game.6. Find the tomes and grimoires5. Don't wanna get left behind4. Should I pick this 2nd grimoire?3. Leptospirosis outbreak2. Left 4 dead medieval random loot1. Pinky and The Brain's Revenge!Buy this only if you really like melee mindless fps action games.
,Recommended,235540,19206814,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Neptune,"Ever wanted to face your fear of rats? Now is your chance!While it plays like L4D is is much harder. There are no checkpoints and your supplies are very limited compared to the enemy hordes assaulting you on your journey to the mission objective.There is also a range of characters with unique weapons and abilities at your disposal - in total 5 different characters for 4 player spots which allows for various combinations.This game also does have a rather complicated loot and crafting system depending on your luck, wit and how much attention you pay to your surroundings.All in all, it is a great game to play with your friends for a real challenge!"
76561198022584267,Recommended,235540,19199694,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The Evil One,"Fun game, but dont get the collectors edition as the only one of the hats look ok and the trinkets are useless. The other stuff isnt worth the extra it costs either. So get the regular edition.A harder version than Left 4 Dead 2.More fun too. Most of the time."
76561198037381375,Recommended,235540,19379612,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jon Snow,Hey love this game. Vemintide is one of the best games out this year>
76561198095402076,Recommended,235540,33406012,Posted: 9 July,all,ParzivaL,"Warhammer had sex with Left 4 Dead.40th hour edit: Devs are awesome, new content and fixes are common. Before this game i only know warhammer universe by name, but after playing this i am turning into a no-life warhammer fan. After hours of study and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people i encounter on my daily routine, smashing and severing rat limbs become my new hobby. Games Workshop should deal with FatShark for more warhammer oriented content.10/10, better than prozac."
,Recommended,235540,18747034,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Scrubbers,"Imagine you are in the Mines of Moria from the first Lord of The Rings film.You hear a war horn being blown. Your team finds a nifty spot to cover each others backs until the horde dies down. But you can't stay here for long. The rats keep coming and coming. You have to keep moving while dealing with these hordes. They crawl down from the walls, up from the sewers, on the building tops, through doors and over walls. You can't assume one direction is safe and turn your back for a second. A rat will jump down between you and your buddy and start hacking away at you.You survive, barely. You find what little medical supplies you can, heal everyone up and give everyone a pat on the back.Then the Rat Ogre shows up. Starts rushing you so you fall back. All of a sudden something has got you, dragging you away from the rest of the team (while they still fight the Ogre). You plead for their assistance as you are plunged with a pike and set upright, all while your team pleads for their lives against the Ogre.You all die. You go to the Inn to recount your mistakes. Maybe somebody was running too far ahead, or another was staying too far behind. You designate a person to lead the charge, the rest follow behind. The Dwarf covers your♥♥♥♥♥with his Shield and Axe. You have a plan now. You are ready to figure out the best possible way to deal with multiple outcomes.Goodluck."
,Recommended,235540,20972776,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Renyth,"Fun game even if the loot system is horribly RNG. The only thing more RNG than that though is the stability of the servers. Expect to have your team freeze on spot for 20 seconds as a horde or gasrat appears.Also expect to be kicked alot for doing nothing wrong and helping your team or for just even appearing in the game itself, community seems to mostly consist of some new breed of autism I have never imagined ever meeting in any game and I've played League."
,Recommended,235540,22586121,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cookie,This is like Left 4 dead 2 except with Rats.. Lots of ♥♥♥♥ing rats and instead of guns you use melee weapons or powers pretty much. I have fun with it.
,Recommended,235540,23377380,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jöööns MO,Really good game i know i havent played it much but im going to. Its very much like l4d clone.Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-graphics-good maps-different kind of enemiesCons:-movement isnt that smooth-fov doesnt work properly when incresing-mwheel binds doesnt work properly coz u cant unbind changing weapon from it so it will do 2 actions at same time
,Recommended,235540,18690608,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Zeph,Most fun 30$ has bought me in a very long time. More fun than games twice the price!
,Recommended,235540,18687289,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kaijin,"Love this game! It is a Left 4 Dead clone but it does everything Left 4 Dead did well plus it added some new things like a loot system! The melee combat is refreshing compared to Left 4 Dead's guns-a-blazing approach. Awesome game, give it a shot!"
76561197983304883,Recommended,235540,18690678,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aspect,"Its the next step in the genre created by Left 4 Dead.  It has the same basic idea as Left 4 Dead but with a bunch of new mechanics laired on top of it.  I think the main improvement over Left 4 Dead however is that the campaigns are broken up into individual levels which you can revisit whenever you wish.The only thing wrong with the game is that it suffers from some of the issues that Left for Dead suffered from. Not everyone gets the strategy behind this kind of game and they do the same mistakes over and over again. As an example, if your group splits up over a great distance, your chances of failure increase dramatically.I suggest this game to people who enjoyed the Left 4 Dead series. Also, if you are into Warhammer Fantasy in any of its incarnation you may want to play it for the fun setting and enviornments."
76561198010551388,Recommended,235540,18690804,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ragnar,"Amazing game, very entertaining and inmersive. Highly recommended."
76561198056098802,Recommended,235540,18691183,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Piter.Devries,"Most fun I've had since I discovered Kerbal Space Program. Really. This game is fun. Buy it. Buy it for your friends. Play with your friends. Play with strangers. Buy it for strangers. Make them your new friends. Play the game. Get the loot. Save the girl. Oh, and KILL SOME SKAVEN!"
76561198042985660,Recommended,235540,18691511,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dr. Toboggan,This game SHOULD be called Warhammer: Ratpocalyse. seriuosly fun game.
,Recommended,235540,18690199,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,_ColdFire_,Everything that is great about a squad based shooter/runner with melee and RPG elements of levelling and item upgrades! Plus each character plays different so it isn't just a graphical change between characters! The randomness of the boss type monsters can become overwhelming if you are on the losing side of that dice roll though!
,Recommended,235540,18691594,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,o4zloiroman,"If you're okay with the idea of Left 4 Dead being a fantasy game, with different classes and loot drops, then be sure to check it out. Devs promise to have big plans about it, too."
76561198006758332,Recommended,235540,18690224,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,gudbrandur,"Its a mission driven hack & slash epic horror survival game. You kill ratmen, help your teammates, finish objektives, hopefully survive and win. The difficulty settings range from cakewalk to near-impossible. Its good, if you have a thing for team survival games or co-op in general I can reccomend it. especially if you have some buds on voice-chat.Thats basically the end of my review, its a good game, buy it for the reasons above. It's replayability ultimately depends on how often you can bring yourself to play the same randomised battle over and over, same as L4d. I may have made it sound bad, but its good, trust me on that. I'll probably manage to play it to 50-70 hours before im done with it, good for just 30$.In depth:This is a reasonably polished game, there are some wonky mechanics and a few bugs but compared to many other releases lately its nothing terrible. Sometimes a bugged spawn will ruin a game and every now and then a rat ogre may get stuck and easily killed but those bugs will get ironed out soonish.This game is all about a fantasy survival horror hack & slash battle. You fight Skaven ratmen for the sake of humanity, the battle has a definite beginning and end and the protagonists are no random civillians stuck in a circumstance they would rather not be in, they are skilled warriors all. This means that you are not allways just running from danger, you will usually be running into danger, willingly.The game implements a certain set of conventional rules: skirmish, survive holdouts, skirmish, finish objektive, skirmish, escape. Often not in that order. Often you need to destroy some objekts, occationally protect some objekts, there's usually a rat ogre at some point, keep an eye on your teammates because there WILL be special rats sneaking up on your team. You may be doing the same thing over and over but that doesnt mean it is easy, on hard and above circumstances can ensure that a mission becomes impossible even for a well rounded team of veterans, being skilled at this game is less about speed and more about being able to cope with and recover from the worst of setbacks.As Games Workshop games usually are, this Warhammer title is very immersive with lots of character chatter, enemy chatter and beautiful maps, backgrounds and art in general. Warhammer fans will love it. Levels do not have a lot of widgets and enviromental effects in general (Not many acid pits to push rats into or explosive tanks to blow up) but the level design is intricate and makes good use of chokepoints, high and low ground. One map takes you into a whole other dimension, literally.Unlike its predecessor player characters have different roles. Some classes have an immediately recognisable role (Defense, offense, blasting) but equipment can be used to change it up. For example, the Elf with Dual swords is great at mowing down large ratmobs, but an Elf with a single blade can quickly execute hardier foes. There is lots of different equipment (Borderlands esque). Rarer equipment is a little better than common equipment but the type of equipment is still much more important then its rarity (That single handed axe may be legendary, but you NEED the hammer and shield if you are going to be defensive for the team, even if they are common tier.). You can play all the way up to nightmare difficulty with grey tier items but for cataclysm I honestly must say you need every advantage you can get, trinkets especially (im looking at you ""Pick up wounded allies 30-50% faster trinket).This game is really as good as it can be, there are a few slip ups that rattle my personal nerves (if you see a fire wizard put their arms up in the air it means they are on fire and about to explode, you just arent seing all the fire effects they are seing!). There are some bugs (""Oh hello rat ogre that just spawned 2 feet in front of my nose, how are you today?""). Matchmaking could be better (""Apparently there are 14000 people playing atm but nobody in the entire WORLD is playing ANY map on a difficulty higher than normal?""). Despite its shortcomings, this game is reasonably priced and surprisingly well made. A delightful release from a company with a lot of potential."
76561197977892146,Recommended,235540,18912019,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"This is the best verion of Left for Dead that you could ever hope for.The epic universe, the driving storyline, and the on point gameplay really come together in Vermintide. The more you cooperate, the more fun you'll have. I really can't recommend this game enough, this will be a future refernce point of what this genre of game should be."
,Recommended,235540,26463595,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,FauxHunt,"Amazing game, somewhat of a clone of the L4D2 game, however its does a better job of creating dynamic roles for each individual hero.  Killing rats is awesome, I highly recommend this game."
76561198007227242,Recommended,235540,28284722,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,BigBadYoda,It does not get more Warhammer than this game. It catches the very spirit of the world and is a fun game.
76561197975490238,Recommended,235540,18552080,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beerfox,"I suppose for a 20ish quid game I cannot complain too much. I have put a lot of time into L4D 1&2 as well as the many mods all you kind people out there took the time to make and perhaps to some degree I am still burnt out from that. Make no mistake this is L4D with a Warhammer skin and a greater focus on melee combat, though there are ranged weapons in the mix.Even the ""Special"" Skaven are just reskinned versions of their L4D counterparts, the ogre is the tank, gutter runner is the hunter and I believe its called a pack rat ? (Sorry not down with my Warhammer lore) is the licker thing that pulls you away from the group but just with a rope as oppose to a tongue. These don't even work as well as they did in L4D and it just feels a bit lazy that they just used exactly the same ideas from L4D. There was a chance here to really mix things up and come up with some original new special mobs, though as far as I have seen the gunner is the only one I could say stands apart from the L4D cast.Despite the several classes each of their play styles soon becomes quite repetitive and new loot in respect of weapons and trinkets do little to change how you play, though you level up there are no skill trees for example.On top of this there is no PvP at all, one of my favourite aspects of L4D the 4V4 was so much fun (though admittedly flawed) it just added to the package.Loot is just based on RNG though thankfully you can use items you do not want to upgrade your existing weapons and though a basic loot system it does work well.Graphically it looks very nice, and runs extremely well though I have heard others complain of tech issues I have suffered none at all other than some minor lag in a couple of games.If you love L4D and Warhammer or just yearn to kill hordes of rat beasts with a huge hammer then this is worth a look, and unlike L4D it does have some sort of character progression system albeit quite basic. I would say wait til it’s in a sale for £10 or less."
76561198010095950,Recommended,235540,18638723,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Infinitejukes=DC,Diablo + Chivalry(Lite)+ Left4dead.or5 part left4dead2 part Chivalry1 part Diablo
,Recommended,235540,19396242,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Angelo,"If you like Warhammer or co-op games at all, you'll probably enjoy this"
,Recommended,235540,20098478,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,vctr,bad rats sure got pretty violent
76561198072733692,Recommended,235540,33949678,Posted: 1 August,all,Moarfiend,"When I originally bought this game, I had no idea how hard I would fall for it, haha. I've been gaming for 20+ years, and while I haven't been keeping track of how much time I've logged with every game I've played, I can honestly say that I don't believe any other game has occupied such a large chunk of my gaming life. Vermintide is suspenseful, engaging, fun, and frequently funny (all odd graphical glitches aside) with well-written and witty character dialogue. The game developers are also very attentive to the product they've created, providing constant support since day one. I can't wait to see what lies in the future for this title. Perhaps a sequel? Spinoff? Who knows. For right now, all I can say is that Vermintide provides a solid gaming experience that will always keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,235540,28324533,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,***KiRoV***Mr_NoLuck pr0 :),Amazing game to play with your friends
,Recommended,235540,28141564,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pim #Baby Mario,Currently one of my favorite multiplayer games fatshark is giving away free gifts until Christmas currently so get your friends together and defeat the smelly rats new DLC is on the way and the game is getting updates so proud to support fatshark
,Recommended,235540,28453596,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dr. Freeman,Wonderful game!!
,Recommended,235540,19333728,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[TCIS] Gandhi,"Great game, striking similarities to L4D and Chivalry, but in a setting that's very familiar to Warhammer fans"
76561197964798094,Not Recommended,235540,26473980,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"Nice visuals butrepetitive, repetitive, repetitive and plagued by terrible AI and a a wagonload of (partly gamebreaking) bugs."
,Recommended,235540,18518117,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sneakyperson,Awesome game
,Recommended,235540,33940446,Posted: 31 July,all,Wyndstun,it's pretty metal
,Recommended,235540,23247094,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[S] Halide,"Pretty rad looking game, like left4dead in a lot of ways, but more visceral in the playstyle"
76561198096726627,Recommended,235540,31551190,Posted: 4 May,all,Allahu Ratbar,"Left for dead, but with bigass rats. 10/10 game!"
,Recommended,235540,24959556,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,BattLe_SCVs,"Vermintide is an excellent game that does justice to the source material of the Warhammer universe. The gameplay is focused on Co-Op first person melee / ranged combat with various weapons. There are 5 difficulty levels(easy, normal, hard, nightmare, cataclysm).While similar to the Left for Dead series, where you co-op fight hordes/special enemies, it is much more than L4D. In L4D2 you swing a melee weapon or shoot... In Vermintide you block, dodge, attack quickly, push/stun, attack strong, switch to ranged fire / switch back to melee, the combat is just incredibly well done and if you are good at it, you can punch above your weight in game difficulty level.There are a variety of weapons for each of the five unique characters, with some overlap in weapon characteristics/type and, some specialties for each that the others cannot use. Each character actually plays quite differently if you chose their respective weapons.If during a mission you pick up important Tomes and enemy Grimoires, you will increase your chances of getting better items at the end of the mission. When you complete a mission a random loot table with about a half dozen items (I want to say 8...) will appear, and you have 8 dice you will role for one of the items (better roll=better item quality). The Tomes will replace up to 3 of your dice with better ones, and the Grimoires will replace up to 2 of your team's dice with a garaunteed roll in your favor.If someone in your party owns the DLC, you can play it too without purchase so long as the host owns it.I very much enjoy the loot system however, do not expect that every animal/man/demon/bunny you come across is going to be a loot pinata that will explode on death into swords, coins, candy, and leather scraps. The loot is found at the end of a mission. If everything was a traditional loot pinata style, it would ruin the fast pacing of Vermintide. The next big patch is also going to introduce Quests and Contracts, which will help get more specific loot.9/10 would play again."
76561197960589180,Recommended,235540,18602104,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lizzor,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!
76561197962098784,Recommended,235540,18603669,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Wobin,"We are 4 friends who have played this game for a few nights and will continue doing so, really entertaining game!Crashed a lot before the last patch, but they seem to have made it stable now. Kudos to the devs for that!"
,Recommended,235540,18544988,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lucy,Awesome game so far
76561198041624158,Recommended,235540,25534034,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Blood Angel,"I give this a rating of 8/10.Reasons To Buy:1.) Gameplay: 9/10The gameplay is phenomenal. Very smooth, extremely gory, and powerful feeling. When you connect your hammer or sword to a rats head...the feeling is wonderful. I play with a controller, as I do for almost every game that isn't a top-down RTS, RPG, ect. The ranged combat is super powerful, and can turn the tide of a battle. The skill level of players DOES matter, as in any mode but easy, you will die without a good team.2.) Graphics: 7.5/10The Graphics are great. No it's not a fully-polished AAA title, but the visuals are awesome. The game is extremely dark, but it's fitting; the damn world is ending! You won't be paying too much attention to the minor details anyways...this game is a constant fight for survival.3.) Matchmaking, Loot system, Story: 6/10This is where the game falters...and may cause many of the negative reviews you see. Trust me, they are not enough of a factor to make the game bad. Honestly, the matchmaking is awful. No dedicated servers, lag, connection problems...but hey, the game isn't AAA, remember? The loot system is different, this may be good or bad depending on who you ask. I personally do not care for it, although it has been kind to me. At the surface it is luck based, but with enough grinding you can eventually get what you want. The story is meh, but this game isn't designed for a story anyways.4.) Price: 8/10I see many complaining of the price point, but come on guys! It's half an AAA title, and one can get many hours of entertainment out of it! I think that it is worth the cost, although the developers could be a little quicker in adding new content...*cough* *cough*.5.) Replay-ability: 7/10Not a whole lot. Once you complete all the stages you will most likely play the maps you like 5 or 6 times, then only play the first stage for grinding purposes. No, not like strippers you sick bastar*s! Well, kind of...you will be dancing around, dodging death, instead of cat-calls...Final Summary:Buy it! Have fun! Kill Vermin!"
,Recommended,235540,18653053,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dave,Bad Rats 2 looks sick.
76561198040892175,Recommended,235540,18781243,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Slamatl92,at 1st i thought this game looked cool but when i try the public beta test was not pleased no controller support but after waiting it did after when the beta ended i wanted to play this like crazy it's like i dont care about l4d series no more game is nuts wished there were more maps or acts 1-5
,Recommended,235540,22476836,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Frodo Swaggins,Im SURE that the witch hunter gets high from getting health.Or extremely turned on.
,Recommended,235540,18708735,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,it,"Left 4 Dead clone with persistent loot, and more emphasis on melee combat. I played the hell out of L4D, so I'll probably get a fair amount of gameplay this game. Worth the full price in my opinion, but definitely will be a good buy when it's on sale."
76561197970792099,Recommended,235540,19186288,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Gargan,Good challenging fun with friends.
76561198024937458,Recommended,235540,19448357,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Stalgrim,"Excellent game, seriously, get it. Good combat, good gameplay, hard but not unfair."
,Recommended,235540,18596659,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[SGGC] Matherz,"Awesome game.Great smooth gameplay, awesome graphics, sweet tavern with crafting and gathering. Lots of loot!Like a lot of people said, it truly bringts Left 4 Dead into a medieval scenario. Only better!"
,Not Recommended,235540,20732119,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[MoS] Naelok,"I have about 250 hours logged in Left 4 Dead 2, but feel that 15 hours of Vermintide is already enough.The game has potential. It has all the basic ingredient that made Left 4 Dead good, but it just doesn't take the next step forward that's desperately needed to make the genre fresh again. It makes a few motions in that direction, adding things like random loot and bonus items to collect throughout missions, but it just completely screws up the implementation.Here are what I feel are the big problems:1) Lack of 'fun' ways to get loot.The best way to get new gear is to play the first mission over and over. This is because the first mission is the one that has the easiest 'tomes' and 'grimoires' to find that provide the bonus dice that you get after beating a mission. There's no particular reward for playing a harder/better mission and so you're basically forced to play that mission over and over.In L4D2 you'd play missions over and over too, but that would be because you actively enjoyed that mission, not because you needed to grind equipment.2) Lack of interesting enemies.The game has an equivalent of the Hunter (Gutter Runner), Jockey (Packmaster), Spitter (Gas Rat) and Tank (Rat Ogre). There's also a rat with a Gatling gun who's pretty cool, but then that's it for specials (unless you count the armoured guys).What the game really should have had was random bosses. I'm talking particularly strong rats with special randomly generated names and special abilities. You know, take the RPG elements a step forward and do something that Left 4 Dead 2 had no equivalent to. But the game doesn't have anything like that. The closest you get to an RPG boss fight involves cutting some chains and placing some barrels.Which brings me to...3) Dull map design.""Move barrels from point A to point B""... ""Cut these chains""... ""Walk through these alleys""... there's just nothing really exciting happening in Vermintide maps. In L4D2, there were those spots where you could have a minigun emplacement or a few oil things that let you set up a situation that allowed you to wipe out the next enemy wave with ease. In this, the maps are... well, they're just kind of there. There's never anything interesting happening... no big catapult I can set up, no magical super lightning that I get to harness. Just alleyway to alleyway, fight to fight.All these together make for a game that's passable, but not great. Salt on the fact that the player base is low and you rarely have a full party outside of the grinding mission and well... I feel that you can safely pass on this."
,Recommended,235540,23143960,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Deer Druid,I fought Master Splinter and he tore my world apart. Would recommend turtles/10
76561198043425561,Recommended,235540,23229807,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MajorFletch,A warhammer themed Left for Dead game. Very fun and easy to learn.
,Recommended,235540,24332748,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Agent Ash,"Vermintide is basically Left 4 Dead in Warhammer universe. Which is actually great, because I strongly believe L4D was the best cooperative shooter out there, and Warhammer is one of the best settings out there. It doesn't feel like plagiarism too; in fact those who played L4D will be happy to see some familiar interface elements and concepts, while new players will undoubtedly like how simple and clearcut everything is. Plus the gameplay is vastly different since it's mostly based around melee combat and it's pretty good at it.The very important part is the characters. I actually believe that having more than 4 characters and having different characteristics for them was one thing missing from Left 4 Dead. This feature is implemented very well here, and I actually found all characters very fun to play as.The game has great atmosphere, created through pretty eye-catching dark visuals and solid acting (one of my favorite parts of the game).You can upgrade your characters with new equipment, thus providing some variety and randomization, but at the same time there's no need for annoying grinding, and players without good equipment can still be useful, so you don't have to worry about that aspect.The developers of the game are also pretty great, they take feedback into account and keep providing new content."
76561198323191991,Recommended,235540,28384341,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NevanLittleSaint,Just like left4Dead but with rats and a more darker atmosphere
76561198041681175,Recommended,235540,18641372,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zero,Delete Left for Dead 2
76561198018188138,Recommended,235540,18595687,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,shaq,"The beta alone is worth 40, get the collectors eddition support these great people."
,Recommended,235540,18557525,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,I'm already under attack,"the rats destroyed the moon and went crazy and then ate all the lizardmen and the lizardmen went into space to fight in warhammer 40k and now you have to clean up the mess as van helsing and his rag tag group of pest controls including the scottish racist, a drunk midget, his gay best friend and his fiery red-headded bdsm slaveyou get cool loot and get 1 every mission but you always get white rank weps for the class you like to play and then you get like 5000 top-tier rolls for the class you kind of like but you dont want to play because STOP GIVING ME BOLT STAFFS AND MACES I JUST WANT TO RIP AND TEAR DWARF STYLEplease my friends buy this game i dont want to play hard mode anymore with bad players who tell you to hide from stormvermin but then dont hide themselves and people who fall off the ledge in the ♥♥♥♥ing start of the first mission"
,Recommended,235540,18583289,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Napalm Liberation,thanks Fatshark I now have a gambling addiction.must.... roll..... dice....
,Recommended,235540,18591794,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dr. Mosquito,"Endless amounts of fun with friends, definitely has a lot of inspiration from Left 4 Dead, HUD and enemies wise, which is a good thing. Also, it uses a lot of RNG factors with loot and runs through missions, which again, is a good thing, making each run different than the last. On the right difficulty it can get very challenging, so it's best to strategize with your team and prepare for the inevitable.At the time of writing my opinion of this game, I can not think of a single negative thing to say, I 100% recommend this to anyone, especially if you have friends."
,Recommended,235540,18576614,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,whispa,Left 4 Dead style of game play set in the Warhammer world! Skaven replace zombies in a great atmospheric game with 5 varied classes and 13 maps at release!
76561198079500029,Recommended,235540,28498475,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zane,It's a L4D fantasy game.9.34/10
,Recommended,235540,23531167,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Life Is Pain,Game rewards you for having fetish.
76561198067198295,Recommended,235540,29881866,Posted: 12 February,all,Uglik,"If you're a fan of Left 4 Dead and like Warhammer, this game is for you!"
76561198005500636,Recommended,235540,30863171,Posted: 31 March,all,widd3rmal,"Good game, needs more variety!"
,Recommended,235540,28684614,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Orc,mine mine mineeeeeeeee....dies dices looted :(
76561198035707401,Recommended,235540,23994142,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dani,"Love , Love , Love it !! Not my usual type of game but really glad I got it. Although I do love my witch hunter would also like a Skaven option pweeze :)I got collectors addition and all DLC ,I wouldnt bother with collectors addition if I was you but definatly get the DLC packages .Graphics look awesome and love the way the characters  interact with eachother .Buy it you wont regret it :)Only downfall  cant be a Skaven"
,Recommended,235540,23252624,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dengue Fever,Good gameplay
,Recommended,235540,18702304,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,"Ave, True to Caesar",A-
,Recommended,235540,33099933,Posted: 1 July,all,EINHERJAR,Sigmar's seal of approval
,Recommended,235540,33719030,Posted: 22 July,all,hellflops,"I'm liking this game a lot so far. It's Left 4 Dead with rats instead of zombies, and 5 actually different characters, and character progression."
76561198383131602,Recommended,235540,33716238,Posted: 22 July,all,Black Rain,Very fun game! 10/10
,Recommended,235540,33723639,Posted: 22 July,all,theirSkills,Reminds me of Left 4 Dead but a lot more fun. Enjoyed smashing everything with the dwarf and the difficulty makes it wonderful.
,Recommended,235540,29162878,Posted: 10 January,all,Alexius,Challenging left 4 dead style co-op with a extremerly good melee combat system and plenty of gear progression to keep you busy for at least 30 hours even without the DLC.
,Recommended,235540,18823741,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,redthnb,Good foursome coop.Amazing sound and music.
,Recommended,235540,18855490,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Las Vegas was a false flag,"Do not buy this game unless you can consistently reliably play with 4 people, the bots are beyond tragic and very rarely help.Most of the time they are just standing next to an incapacitated ally for a good minute before helping them or hoarding medpacks and not using them well.I am still recommending this game because it would be a good buy if you have people to play with."
76561198010540054,Recommended,235540,18798269,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KeViNTH,Really fun with playersstress with bots(they are idiot)Nice view and mapsVery far spawn location sometime8/10
76561197986999150,Recommended,235540,18827473,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jacksgrin,"Awesome game! Pretty much left 4 dead with rats instead of zombies and a focus on melee and medieval weapons. I feel like the value was set right at $30. Happy to support the developer - a few bugs here and there and had a couple of crashes, but nothing major.  Loot and leveling system is what sets it apart. The characters are very flexible but all manage to have unique play feels. Can't wait to see loot expansion and additional levels/ game mechanics. Wish there was just a bit more incentive to explore the worlds, but hey, it's choas.9/11 Blorch home of the slaughtering rat people"
,Recommended,235540,18831140,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[NSS]Xenosaga,"Ladies & Gentlemen,This game is purely awesome! Hack & Slash using fantasy-medieval age weapons such as hammers, swords, sheilds, 2-handed series of weapons, staff, bows & crossbows etc.I do love the looting system in this game. Its Dice Roll based and almost none weapon traits will be repeated in the same pattern. It's completely randomized. Need a bit prayer before hitting the ""Roll' button I would say.Also, this game is similar gameplay to L4D1&2, in a way that 4 survivors to get to the ultimate goal before winning. There are SPECIAL enemies such as:1. Stormvermin (Heavy Armored-Rat, Similar to L4D charger except no Charging ability)2. Packmaster (Similar to Jockey in L4D, hook your neck and drag you away, pole up and wait for your death)3. Gutter Runner (Similar to Hunter, can pounch on player and stab them to death unless disturb, by any attack)4. Ratling Rat (Unique, Gatling Gun and aim specific player)5. Globadier (Similar to L4D Spitter, spit out poison cloud bombing AOE)6. Ogre Rat (in L4d, they call it TANKKK!!)Unlike L4D, even in Easy Mode, you can easily killed if you DO NOT play in team. Practically, solo is suicide. Teamwork is essential in this game. Quite recommended for people who love CO-OP.Unfortunately, this game does not has Local CO-OP. Let's hope the future release then.So, in summary, this game is about helping the other 3 players/AIs idiots to stay alive and moving forward. A+++(AI definitely need to improve a lot...they are dumb, stupid, slow, selfish, and no inteligent)"
76561198039230765,Recommended,235540,18649836,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RatKing (King of the Rats),I woke up one morning and told my dad to purchase that minecraft whilst i went off to preschool and it was all i could think about. Once I arrived home i found this impostor in my library. ♥♥♥♥ you dad and ♥♥♥♥ humarats
,Recommended,235540,18677278,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,NimbLe,"I am personally a much bigger fan of Fantasy Warhammer than Warhammer 40k. So this; this is fan-freakin-tastic. Awesome encounters, random giant hulkrats, and loot. All rolled up in co-op."
76561198071181671,Recommended,235540,18679818,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Krelm,"Rat Genocide Simulator 2015.But seriously, best game I've played in a while, highly reccomend."
76561198031022626,Recommended,235540,18677267,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,pencilboom,A game that improves upon the Left 4 dead already successful formula. Incredibly fun game to play with friends.
,Recommended,235540,18666094,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rattletrapstar420,"I just found a rat's nest... slaughtered about 200 of em. It's like whole generations of those things died at my hands... mothers, fathers, grandfathers, little baby rats. Sometimes I wonder if our lives are more valuable than theirs...10/10 would ratbash again"
,Recommended,235540,18676466,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dread Pirate Roberts,Blood soaked co-op with hammers and axes. Killing ratmen never sounded or felt better. 15/10 for Blood and Mayhem
,Recommended,235540,23877163,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kim Jong Illest,"Good amount of fun, especially with friends. The loot is compelling, and the challenge is delicious."
,Recommended,235540,24366818,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Bazongo,god hates rats
,Recommended,235540,29538377,Posted: 28 January,all,wil,nice
,Recommended,235540,18619973,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rattata,"COUSIN RATICATE, WHY MUST YOU DO THIS!?"
,Recommended,235540,18618629,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,14 victims,I used to behead rats in real life. Now i can in the virtual world. 10/10
,Recommended,235540,18778109,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Inspector Jones,"Vermintide is an absolute joy to play; anyone who has an interest in cooperative games owes it to themselves to try playing this game with friends. Anyone who is looking for the next Left 4 Dead game look no further as Vermintide is a spirtitual succesor with enought twists to keep it feeling fresh.Vermintide is one of those ""One more match..."" type of games where you'll find yourself playing into the early hours of the morning wondering where all the time went. The addition of classes with different play styles, a difficult loot system influenced by collecting in game items, and a interest dark aesthetic make this game what it is.Bugs and performance issues need fixing and optimizing at this point in time, but it seems like the developers are on the case. As it stands, I'm more than confident to reccomend the game, but players looking for the most polished experienced should be aware of that. But I feel like the experience offered from Vermintide is worth dealing with minor issues."
76561198024443102,Recommended,235540,28510525,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Valon,"Very fun. The best ffs with melee I have ever played. It seems the player base has fallen, though. Unfortunate."
,Recommended,235540,33619478,Posted: 17 July,all,j4nson,its Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer Fantasy Universetl:dr
76561198079448527,Recommended,235540,33619410,Posted: 17 July,all,SUccaBleAtE,"alot of replayability and fun, a bit poorly optomised for weaker systems."
76561198010974502,Recommended,235540,18714133,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,PGT Pyragma,"Chivalry kind of great Melee combat, that flows as a L4D game set in Warhammer Fantasy? This fits so well and plays so very nicely. I love it."
,Recommended,235540,18724365,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Count,A hack n slash slaughterfest inspired by Left 4 Dead. Wowee it ♥♥♥♥in good.  :goku:
,Recommended,235540,18676776,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hemix,"Holy Sigmar, bless this ravaged body!"
76561197970785554,Recommended,235540,19489247,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hal_2005,"Left for Dead, but better in every way. I upgraded from Payday 2 to Vermintide and have never looked back. Uranium snorting rat men > DC Cops."
76561198072604105,Recommended,235540,18656357,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Beast Mastese,"GAMEPLAY:9 out of 10Fast paced, hack and slash madness with diversity in objectives from mission to mission. Will get your adrenaline pumping and keep it there out of the gate. The story draws you in, though this will probably get old after only a few runs through each level. Hopefully additional levels or level pack DLC will be available in the near future.CO-OP:7 out of 10Team balance and working together is a must, especially at higher difficulty levels. You can tank level after level due to inexperienced or uncooperative teammates. This can open the door for some levels of griefing. You are only as strong as your weakest link. The current exclusion of voice, teamspeak makes it difficult to communicate in the action.GRAPHICS:10 out of 10Fantastic art-style and astonishing detail. Make sure you have enough horsepower under the hood to drive and enjoy it all.SOUND:10 out of 10Ambient sounds, sound effects and musical scores all lend to the overall atmosphere and don't end up detracting from it.LOOT SYSTEM:9 out of 10Love the loot progression system, ability to upgrade and the satisfaction from rolling for loot after successful completion of a mission. Very rewarding, and the diversity of gear can change the gameplay of any character drastically, adding new layers of depth to character customization.VALUE:10 out of 10Under $30?...are you kidding me? Worth every penny for the content offered. The price point is dead on. I'd pay more if additional content was there from the start. I imagine, DLC will be forthcoming...which is a good thing.OVERALL:9 out of 10Read more reviews, watch some streams, but in the end, add this to your library."
,Recommended,235540,18661164,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jamothy,Nice horde survival game with RPG elements.
,Recommended,235540,18688828,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Koncave,"VERY good game to play with friends, also very challenging. I'd suggest buying it. I just hope they add versus mode in the future."
76561197993326860,Recommended,235540,24846769,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dwarflord,"Great co-op dungeon crawler with interesting ranged and melee weapons you can find and upgrade. Party banter is pretty well done, too. Lots of difficulty levels make this great for casuals or hard-cores. Recommended."
,Recommended,235540,24827553,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Broschua,"You can play the game on highest difficulty with white items and still win.Sure you'll need a good team but most pubs are actually good players.All good players i've played with where really damn helpful towards new or inexperienced players.If you always need to win. If you need constant content progress.If you need carrots on a stick, this game might not be for you.If you like actual skill and player experience based games, like for example Dark Souls, this is a must buy.After all it's a double edged sword.The nature of the game diminishes the player base on the one hand.On the other hand it helps weed out the plebs, who seemingly accidently bought and started the game..instead of let's say.. COD? so basically less headless chickens."
,Recommended,235540,24818734,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Egorvich,"Honestly the most addictive game I have come across. Great tribute to the old Warhammer world, may it RIP."
76561198073821333,Recommended,235540,18734015,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Hinab,Simply Fun
,Recommended,235540,18831069,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,vpj,fun
,Recommended,235540,23279467,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Phizzco,"This game is really fun. Only need to work on the loot, but with friends, or people you meet online, this game is GREAT!"
,Recommended,235540,18512444,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Lick me I have Leprosy,Pest control is my favourite hobby.
,Recommended,235540,26624375,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Snail Food,I think it's pretty fun. Like L4D but it has rats instead of zombies.
76561197997698036,Recommended,235540,18666695,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mamel,"Love this game! L4D in Warhammer setting, what's not to like?"
76561198003300669,Recommended,235540,18701891,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Devin,"It's Left 4 dead with an emphasis on melee, loadouts, and an army of Skaven to slaughter."
,Recommended,235540,18633333,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Arsenic,"Amazing game, especially with friends. The progression can be a little frustrating when you aren't getting the gear you want but that's all down to RNG. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,235540,18689979,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HADD_S0L0,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥where do I begin :+ Fans of challenging co-op will get a kick out of this. Wave farewell to the idiots in groups who think they can solo everythin. This game's hordes and special enemies will turn the solo player into a corpse before you have a chance to blink. The game forces you to work together, heal each other, and cover the flanks to go from a perfect run to a instant wipe. Well done.+ The difficult from hard to cata is noticable. You really have to wager how good your equipment is AND how good your team work really is. Harder difficulty = Better rewards. As it should be.+ Tomes and grimores are fun as hell. Especially with grimores taking a chuck of your health, again, based on your group whether or not you pick them up.+ Overall visuals. Holy God this game is gorgeous. From swinging a warhammer into a horde and watching blood and bone fly to seeing a horde cut down by ratling gun fire it's amazing.+ Many ♥♥♥♥♥ about the loot system, leave it. If everyone has oranges and red nobody would play the game. Keep it.+ Hats. Hats looking amazing.- Few glitches here and there, but nothing to shake a fist at. New game, it happens.- DLC for collector's edition, I would like to own it, please make it available to the public those that want to upgrade.-Many people just play HoM, suggest maybe an experience hit to force those to play the other amazing maps?"
76561198079109243,Recommended,235540,18690606,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Divine,"Other than your bot team mates lacking a little brain power, great game, super fun and satisfying!"
,Recommended,235540,18648088,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hpstorian,"Do you like Left 4 Dead 2?Do you think zombies are played out?Do you wish L4D2 had more depth?Do you like Games Workshop's Warhammer Fantasy IP?If you answered yes to any, or all of these questions, this game is for you. It is similar enough to L4D2 to be like slipping on a well worn pair of sneakers, but new enough that they look fresh and clean.Replacing zombies with Skaven was a master stroke, and the atmosphere of Ubersreik is great. The game is brilliant from what I have played of it so far, check it out."
76561198010552009,Recommended,235540,18633932,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ashes,"Awesome Game, L4D in a Warhammer Wrapper."
76561198143497256,Recommended,235540,18754307,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I Just Won A Maths Debate,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,235540,18668740,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[G.W.] Good Guy Greg,"TL;DR version:It's like Skyrim with guns.Full version:Pushed an armored black ratman (Stormvermin commander) away with a shield, went 5 m back, got a burning powder barrel, turned around, threw a barrel at him as he was recovering. Pushed him with a shield again into the barrel. He flew up with the explosion, swapped to my rifle and did a 360 no-scope headshot at his flying body. ""BLACK RAT IS DED!"".10/10 would racist again.------------Whole group is at 1% HP, I find a secret door and a grimoire hidden near the statue. ""Such heresy cannot be-..."". Everybody dies.10/10 would corrupt again.------------Nightmare mission. Friend gets downed, all the rats start pummeling him, I'm getting battered trying to get to him. Turn around, dash to the side (""BOMB HERE! This outta make so-..."") pick up the bomb, push all the rats off me to my dying friend, select the bomb, throw it at him.10/10 would kill the servant of teh Emprah again.------------Waywatcher starts sassing with me. Accuse her of heresy via chat, body-push her off the cliff, gloat as she tries to pull herself up.10/10 would Inquisition again.------------This game will make a fine dawri out of you.(P.S.: 10/10 would ""BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY!"" again)"
,Recommended,235540,18935354,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chernobylitate,"The game itself has a nice concept and is with no doubt a very fun game, though it might get grindy at times. However, whats wrong is the game engine. This game is riddled with bugs. Ranging from getting stuck in certain game spots to sudden crashes ( Especially when you're about to finish a level ) ruins the game.Whats nice is the variety of loot you're able to get. The dice roll loot system is unique and kinda makes it addictive. You have different tiers of weapons, Common>Uncommon>Rare>Epic. Get 5 of them and combine them to get the next tier, or salvage 1 of them to get gems which you can use to upgrade your favourite weapons.The gameplay itself is Left4Dead-like. You've got different specials that all function like those in left4dead. The GasRat will deny an area with toxic gas, the PackRat will hook your teammate and drag them away to be hung, the GunnerRat would target 1 specific member until they are dead, the GutterRat will pounce and stab and disappear into the shadows when hit. Then theres the ogrerat which is the tank. One special thing to note is that there's these Stormvermin. Armorclad rats that are easy to take down when they're by themselves, but when they're patrolling as a group, you best avoid them. They'll surround you and push the team away from each other. They know how to block your attacks and they are able to hit you from a distance with their polearms. This makes facing a squad of them deadly when unprepared.Tl:dr, The game is fun, L4D players will love this. However, it's got its fair share of bugs and if you can get pass those, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,235540,18557176,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fleibor Byngpap,Worth it. So worth it.
,Recommended,235540,28345313,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,"Great game, horrendous performance.If you don't have a great rig, It's almost impossible to play. Sadly.Still, even playing on 800x300 because my FPS is so bad otherwise, I had a lot of fun with this game. It just got pretty harsh on my eyes after a while XD"
,Recommended,235540,23748236,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rockethamster,Left4Skaven. Love it.
,Recommended,235540,30883895,Posted: 1 April,all,Bitchcraft,Decent Pestcontrol Simulator  - Would recommend it as curriculum or tutorials in extermination-classes as I am now a certified exterminator.1/1
76561198037890805,Recommended,235540,33702203,Posted: 21 July,all,Wasianmaster,Pretty sweet game to play with some amigos
76561198000554238,Recommended,235540,18573486,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bob Boonah,Great fast paced grisly Warhammer action. Very similar to L4D but also has crafting and loot and level ups.Only 3 maps atm but all threre are really well designed and a lot of fun.The game is also fairly unforgiving and quite a challenge.I would recommend.
,Recommended,235540,18567669,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DangerBanana,"tldr: It's left for dead 2 with a dwarf and an axe.  And some rats.  Well... Lots of rats.  Oh and there's RPG elements too, now.  It's fun.Long version with comments and stuff:Weeeell, here we are then.  I got to play Vermintide.  It's not what I thought it would be, but nonetheless, it is a fun game.  And I'm quite happy to say that, honestly.  I only played two rounds with some random people, but the mechanics are so familiar we got into the swing of things pretty quickly.  And swingin' was what I was doing a lot of.  As the burly little dwarf, I threw myself headlong into a large pack of rats and battered them around with my shield before planting an axe in their skulls.  Meanwhile, the guy next to me was hurling fireballs or somesuch magicy nonsense about!  Not very dwarflike.  Anyway, the party mechanics are what you expect from a 4-man co-op.  You've seen them if you've played Left for dead or Payday.  If someone gets hammered, you can run over and press E for a revive.  You find potions (pills here!) and medpacks ( let me bandage this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and so forth. It was a bloddy furry mess at the end and well, I enjoyed the crushing of skulls.Then, there was a screen that somewhat confused me!  It gave me some dice and the dice gave me a new hammer.  So there's some RPG elements in the sense that you get to hit things with new things.  Also you get new hats.  All bow before the glory of hats. And then, the tavern also got an anvil!  So there's crafting.   So we can have new stuff in return for old stuff.  Be amazed oh mortal fools! But anyway I have a shiny new hammer to beat rats with. Go me. It's probably a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hammer, but it's something.Oh, and it's Warhammer!  Did I mention it's Warhammer?  I just did, didn't I?  Well yeah.  If you're a fan of the setting, that's a bonus. If not, don't worry! This rat-killing contest is open for everyone!  No prior knowledge needed.  Just grab an axe, or some other weapon, and start killin' the damn things.  but watch out for the ones with fluorescent green daggers... They're the sneaky types.And well.  If you want to look at the graphics, look at the darn pictures.  ^_^Bye now!"
,Recommended,235540,18576276,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Wonderboy2402,If you like left 4 dead and also like chopping rats into tiny meaty junks this game is for you.
76561197967461684,Recommended,235540,18568228,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Atomic Wedgie™,WarhammerCoopHard gameGOTYBuy
76561198079937712,Recommended,235540,18572085,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DarkMatter,To be honest there was not a lot to keep me playing the L4D games but Vermintide is an amazing Co Op RPG game. I havent had this much fun since I played Killing Floor. So if you really like Co Op games pick this up it has an amazing progression system and awesome graphics and overall fun gameplay too me.
76561197978902018,Recommended,235540,18545290,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ハイパー,This is the best Left 4 dead ripp off give it 10/10
76561198141829132,Recommended,235540,28850767,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ragin_dragon,like left for dead but in mideval times and instead of zombies it is rats. really fun and instantly you will become addicted to this game.
76561198009250344,Recommended,235540,28342571,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[TNC] Lupus,"Basically 'Left 4 Dead' in the Warhammer universe with a slight action-oriented 'Dungeons and Dragons' feel to it. There are only 13 maps in the base game, but it's a different experience on the different difficulties and they all have replayability value because off the 5 idiosyncratic characters all with various weapons, gear and playstyles. The maps also have set spawns, locations with a chance of spawns and completely RNG spawns in terms of enemies and consumables. Map variety, loot progression and teamplay are nice."
76561198089933978,Recommended,235540,35005436,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutie,a really brutal game. takes awhile to get new gear though and it can be frustrating.
76561198079796760,Recommended,235540,18645443,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AreyoTM,Really like this game! Very well made. Recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,235540,28240491,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Acoryst,A very well done game
76561198053458166,Recommended,235540,29368867,Posted: 19 January,all,jawibier,An excelent game. Especially multiplayer.
,Recommended,235540,19132189,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Atlas,End Times-Refugee Crisis
76561197960827160,Recommended,235540,21005739,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[eXs]Spitbob,awsome such great fun and a lot more to come
,Not Recommended,235540,19877277,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Fun for a bit, but there is little variety in the levels (which are all long and VERY difficult) and the loot system is so random that it is horrible.  You will constantly struggle through levels just to get ONE piece of loot that will almost always turn out to be for a different class or playstyle than your current character.  Even then, it will be random if it is better or worse than what you currently use."
,Not Recommended,235540,20940441,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,aplced,"Roulette simulator, frustrating bugs, uninspired loot with traits that hardly matter."
76561198004149915,Recommended,235540,20995898,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ben,"Have fun and just run around splattering rats, or take the team-play up to the next level on nightmare and cataclysm difficulties. It still has the odd bug or two that're being ironed out but support seems to be chugging away to improve the play experience and add new content."
76561198104061899,Recommended,235540,34381625,Posted: 20 August,all,Krullness,"A must play for anyone who enjoys FPS/RPG. 5 Classes to play, multiple weapon loadouts, crafting and weapon perk tweaking, this game has it all. You can even get mods to adjust how your AI plays. Daily quests to try for better gear and crafting mats. Different costume changes avaiable and earnable. This game could keep expanding on its massive universe and just keep putting out updates/DLC heres hoping."
76561197987373773,Recommended,235540,21144834,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Flights 4M Columbia,"Elf gets hooked by hook rat but the loot rat catches my eye, can you blame a greedy dwarf?I have no regrets...10/10"
76561198097528097,Recommended,235540,18957094,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,cacaboy300gamer,"This game is a really good co-op and one of the best games to have in your collection because of the amount of fun it is, and its way better with friends now this game is based on one of my most favorite games and universes of all time and its called Warhammer and you play in a time were the world is ending an well its called End Times for a good reason.Now the players fight a enemy called the Skaven and they are giant rat people that act and play like the Skaven that I know from Warhammer and I love that, for example if their is a Skaven that is alone than he will coward or try to hide but if they attack then it will be in a giant number of them, attacking the player from all sides. This game is in first person but its not just hack and slash because their is more to the combat from blocking the right strike to doging out of enemy attacks and using powerful heavy attacks plus all of the items like potions and more, and the player can always use different weapons from long ranged to his meele weapons and the loot system depends all in a dice roll just like real Warhammer so overall this game is alot of fun and its perfect for fps fans, co-op fans and true Warhammer fans."
76561198093447386,Not Recommended,235540,21031018,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,sAfT 3ooo,"Seven hours and this game is done. Not a single end game boss. One blue rare drop, even that i finished the game :DI do not get who would wanna play the same maps over and over again with a different difficulty.How would anyone fund someone to make a game like this :D or how someone got idea like this go true. I dont know if there has been one or more people developing this idea. But you guys should seriously think about letting someone else do the planning next time :D21gb.....no clue where is all the game content dissapeared?Pls dont buy this.......its a joke."
,Not Recommended,235540,19716295,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mazadun,"Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide ReviewAfter I played about 26 hours since 1st day of official launch I can't recommend this game at this point ( 15.12.15), because there is still numerous bugs which making game a sad experience. Due the fact that compaign pretty small and after you finish main - game will only offer you higher difficulty and grind (not for progress in any form but only for loot).I can see high potential for this game especially if Dev team will keep up their pace.But let's be honest this is still beta, and recent trend in game industry bothers me - ""make raw game, get investments, finish game in X.X.X"" Anyway you can try it and if you feel like it's not for you - get refund.But I  would  also recommend playing with friends, there is problems with finding decent players(read - not toxic players).Pros:Warhammer based game (warhammer fans will love it)Left4Dead type'ishDieverse classes and weaponsCons:Poor optimizationVarious game bugsSmall player base (often youl match up with same guys, and they not always good)Lack of contenthttps://youtu.be/Pv263NbTGqQ"
,Recommended,235540,20994024,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ninjamoose,Excellent ragdoll physics + meaty sound effects + 2H hammers = win
76561197971509427,Recommended,235540,20980785,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ScholarZero,"The sound is amazing, visuals are superb (choppin' rats in half!).  Been wrecking it but it isn't old yet!"
,Recommended,235540,31386549,Posted: 26 April,all,Charlie Z,"This is one of my favorite games.  The replayability of this game is great.  It's almost perfect, and I really can't think of a flaw to it except maybe optimization?  It seems like it should run better than it does at times.  Regardless, the level design and the developers constantly adding new content are the biggest pros for me.  Not to mention insanely fun combat.  This is one of the most solid games I've played in recent years, and it released at a great price point!  I think it was $30?  I can't remember as I bought it on release, but regardless the price, at this point it is worth it."
76561198007371954,Recommended,235540,20976265,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nagash Supreme Lord of th Undead,Best warhammer game to date!
76561197991015705,Recommended,235540,30248966,Posted: 28 February,all,Stuffinbutts,Better than Left 4 Dead 2
76561198074018997,Recommended,235540,28212576,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"Basically L4D2.. but better and more fun.There is a steep learning curve though, team work and sticking together is THE ONLY way.Goddamn rats."
,Recommended,235540,28246873,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SinisterSaint,I love the level design of this game and with the Left 4 Dead mechanics it just adds to the fun and atmosphere. A game you truly have to try out for yourself (more fun with friends.)
76561198114419810,Recommended,235540,34027287,Posted: 4 August,all,Markus Kruber,"Kill ratmen, save whats left, get shot by your elf. It's a wonderful time.For the Empire."
76561197997347184,Recommended,235540,27872709,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hardûn,"Occasionally you can pin a rat's head to the wall with an arrow without decapitating it. When this happens, the body ragdolls as per the laws of physics but the head remains stuck, meaning the rat's neck stretches and starts racketing about like the strings of a guitar played by a country musician entering anaphylactic shock.Would recommend."
76561198009160320,Not Recommended,235540,28877274,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LikeAboss1,"well , i havent played the game yet , i been trying to fix but nothing works and nothing i can do to make the game startGUID: e96dcf98-ddc1-4ab4-808e-a73c92a91d03Log File: C:\Users\♥♥♥♥ YOU\AppData\Local\Temp\2016-12-31-18.06.45-jzklkthl.22t.zipInfo Type: Vermintide/LL/CL----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[Crash Link]:crashify://e96dcf98-ddc1-4ab4-808e-a73c92a91d03Update : i solved the issue just to find out that this game is dead .....no one plays it"
76561198142717414,Recommended,235540,35094742,Posted: 20 September,all,2Fast2KeanuReeves,Excellent game.  I highly highly recommend it.  DLC is dope as well
,Recommended,235540,30088635,Posted: 21 February,all,Bizarro Buttruckus,Love the game. Some times it is a bit repetitive with the missions but the difficulty of each mission when you get to Nightmare and Cataclysm is great!If you like first person hack and slash give this a shot!
76561198023212256,Recommended,235540,30098496,Posted: 22 February,all,Orkan,"This game has one of the best first person CQC i have ever seen, it has the potental to become very adictive, the highest dificulty is absolutely unvorgiveing and most important of all its great warhammer game! and that is a damn rarity!Every hit feels like how it is supposed to feel, the interactions between the characters are so fitting that could be written in a novel.This game will keep you playing and playing once you get into it, there are dosents of loadouts and the gameplay is just fun, yea i know thats also a rarity, it is not onely the grind that keeps you hooked.But there are some problems with this INDIEgame (i found it very supriseing when i found ou that this game is in fact a indiegame wich explains alot):-You will regulary encounter bugs and glitches, none of wich i would consider game braking but some can be easily abused.-The loot systhem a frustateing on so many levels-Balance is olso an ishue: when a weapon perfors so well that it becomes the onely option its gets nerft in the following patch wich sounds like a good thing but sometimes it leaves charactes with lackluster loadouts.-Back to the loot: Many trinkets and weapon trait combinations are just absolutely worthless ich just add to the frustation."
76561198035812556,Not Recommended,235540,18981139,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,richandolly,i bought this game thinking it would be fun but i can't even load it and have not heard back from support. very disapointed.
,Not Recommended,235540,19222800,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,GREG JENNINGS,"Was your favorite part in L4D huddling in a corner and clicking repeatedly while swarms of mud-colored enemies streamed from the mud-colored walls and sprayed mud-colored particle effects all over your screen? Did you feel like the one thing missing from the experience was a carrot to dangle in front of you in the form of bars being filled up and items with colored text names? If you answered yes to both of these questions, Vermintide is an excellent purchase. Otherwise, buy it if all your friends have because you're not getting them back for a month or two."
,Recommended,235540,22381773,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Marston,"I love this game, besides it being super hard to get loot (some people may like that) this game is one of the best on the market. The developers arent greedy♥♥♥♥♥holes either with their dlc only costing £2.99. I would strongly recommend this to someone who likes left for dead. I would also strongly recommend this to people who have steam."
,Recommended,235540,22383522,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,KJay,"If you liked the series of L4D or other co-op game, you will probably like this game.I played over this game for more than 300 hours, still playing it."
76561197994408157,Recommended,235540,29779939,Posted: 8 February,all,DrFetid,"A visceral, up-close co-op experience."
,Recommended,235540,19982793,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Donaldus Rex,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g Amazinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIWss-_5HGM
,Recommended,235540,31528000,Posted: 3 May,all,SwordPogo,this game is TOO EASYanyone can play this gamei like killing rats
,Recommended,235540,20922725,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DeAuTh1511,"This is honestly one of the best games I have ever played.The main objective of Troubleshooting: The Game is actually rather tedious; the goal is to troubleshoot why you cannot launch ""Vermintide"". You will encounter all sorts of crazy and abstract enemies such as: ""Fatal Error!"", ""Corrupt Game Data"", ""Login Failed"", and the final boss of the co-op mode: ""Version Mismatch Error!"". These fearsome beasts are defeated by repeatedly verifying the integrity of the game cache and reinstalling the game. But this isn't the end of them! You must grind these enemies every Tuesday, which also has the added benefit of giving you XP towards your ""boredom"" skill in a different game called ""Life"" (graphics are awesome but the gameplay sucks).Oh and there's also a minigame called Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide where you can take on hordes of evil enemies and their overlords and combat specialists in co-op missions, all in order to gain loot between missions to further your power as one of five unique classes and define the way you want to play the game, as if the game is some sort of mashup of Skyrim, Left 4 Dead and Borderlands. But you can only access this minigame every time you complete the main game."
76561198010216103,Recommended,235540,18785934,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MoistMaster,"If you love/loved to play L4D 1 or 2 then you're going to love this game, if you can overlook a few problems with the game since it's a new release and all.admittedly the game has a few issues yet to be fixed like i have seen some skaven goes through walls and i have seen one fly off into the sky because to netcoding problems. In my opinion the game needs a better loot system as well but if you can overlook those things then you will love it. but if you can not overlook those things then you should still buy it... at a later date when the problems have been fixed, because this is a must have game."
,Not Recommended,235540,18699991,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ayatee,"Game is fine. But there are too many bugs, shutdowns and unexpected server maintenance atm. Hoping for the best."
76561197964030152,Not Recommended,235540,18769663,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Shaffer,"It has good gameplay and runs fine. However, this is basically just a L4D mod. It has a progression system but it doesn't really change the fact that it is STILL a L$D mod."
76561198058064478,Recommended,235540,18646717,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sven.Niklas,This is Left4Dead. But with rats.And then some...More variation in the characters. Nicer graphics. Different equipment for you to play with. Gorier (more blood you know). Pretty much everything is better with this game.Lets see how it holds up for the long run. Cant wait to play some more before I die IRL.Go Sweden!
,Recommended,235540,26294859,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aliandris,"THIS IS A GREAT GAME. THESE ARE MY OWN WORDS, NOT AT ALL INFLUENCED BY THE HARASSMENT I RECEIVED FOR THINKING THIS WAS NOT A GREAT GAME.DEFINITELY BUY IT - THE SERVERS WORK ALL THE TIME, AND THERE IS GREAT SUPPORT FOR PLAYING SOLO. ALSO YOUR FREE AND PURCHASED CONTENT WILL ABSOLUTELY APPEAR IN THE GAME, AND CAN BE EASILY FOUND AND USED.ALL HAIL THE HIVEMIND.*LOCKSTEPS AWAY*"
76561198040192951,Recommended,235540,28032374,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vladaheim,"If you like WaW Zombies, Vermintide is the team based game that will challenge you on easy."
76561198021803463,Recommended,235540,28080964,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ageofemil,Most satisfying melee combat in first person
76561197992250287,Recommended,235540,28093989,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MoshPit_1337,the satisfying thud of the great hammer on a rat mans skulll is delightful.
76561198012457105,Recommended,235540,29008603,Posted: 4 January,all,Dot,"Probably one of the best Warhammer games currently available, its basically L4D set in the warhammer universe with skaven (Ratmen) instead of zombies.Far superior to the new spacehulk game."
,Recommended,235540,29780279,Posted: 8 February,all,Nite,"This game has striking similarities to the game Left 4 Dead, however where it's different is in it's very fun loot system as well as a focus on melee combat, and objectives that are challenging to complete on some of the higher difficulties. Vermintide might not be completely original in terms of its design, but that's okay. The world is fun to explore, the questing and loot system will keep you coming back for more, and the community is accepting of new players (most of the time!). If you love the fantasy setting of the Warhammer universe and the gameplay of Left 4 Dead, give this game a shot, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,235540,29809999,Posted: 9 February,all,CyanMue,"After putting in nearly 200 hours, I gotta say this is a pretty fun game. It get's a bit stale when you play by yourself but with other people, it's a lot more fun. The daily items help keep the game fresh, unlike L4D does."
,Recommended,235540,29911781,Posted: 13 February,all,Satan,"The game is essentially a left 4 dead style co-op. The missions are relatively interesting, however they can get old quite quickly as they don't offer much of a variable to your goal or how to complete your major objectives. The loot system is almost entirely RNG based and there is no loot sharing, so gearing up is all dependant on your luck. As for controls, the game is very simple to use, left and right click use your main attacks  or blocks, or varying caster spells. Every class seems to have ranged capabilities, which is lovely. If you like the Warhammer fantasy world, then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,235540,29950571,Posted: 15 February,all,Kevin,A great co-op adventure.
,Recommended,235540,30024248,Posted: 18 February,all,Felix Argyle,Sigmar has forsaken us...... only death will come
,Recommended,235540,30048398,Posted: 19 February,all,Two-Gun Dog,You should play for the sole purpose of hearing the top tier bantz between characters.
76561197997046676,Recommended,235540,30059933,Posted: 20 February,all,Baka Red,"At the beginning the game had it's share of trouble, like most games at release these days. Currently most of the bugs have been eliminated and the the game is quite fun to play. Now, instead of bugs, we have lots of vermin to slay! Start slaying!"
,Recommended,235540,30163963,Posted: 25 February,all,Mahmoud,Awesome game!!! ... Just can't wait to play more missions!
,Recommended,235540,30174646,Posted: 25 February,all,Lego Evinion,"Vermintide is great when it comes to depth and replay value. The classes bring a good mix and a strong combination with the very well developed melee system. There are few small bugs, but this still is a very solid co-op experience."
76561197981221520,Recommended,235540,30277833,Posted: 2 March,all,d沒血改噴西瓜汁b,"Interesting,nice melee combat system."
,Recommended,235540,30380123,Posted: 7 March,all,Geralt Of Riverwood,"will make you fear the combination of the two words ""rat"" and ""ogre"""
76561197996558186,Recommended,235540,24067108,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Thorgrax,"I am not a fan of either survival CoOp or Medieval style combat simulators and honestly, first time I heard about this game, I thought it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now after playing it for a decent amount of time, I can testify, it is really not♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is good. Although there is no denying that this game has as many leanings towards Left 4 dead as a cheap tooth removal is a rip off.Vermintide is in fact so good to the point where I dare say this might just be one of the best games with a Warhammer license ever made. The graphics are excellent, detailed, immersive and faithful to the source material. Something I would have never expected from such a small producer. The soundwork is blasting, on spot and positively disturbing, from Skäven screams to cracking bones being cut.Gameplay is slick, satiysfying, surpsiringly deep with a decently high skill ceiling and both addicting and punishing. I usually do not like to dickride on games spotlighting the ""good"" heros, since I like both rats and ratmen, but I can not deny that Vermintide certainly has a foot in the door here. Did not expect to like this game as much as I did. And it gets ballbustingly hard later on, even with skilled teams. Can be frustrating if you hate dice rolls for nontradeable loot, also has minor technical problems that can cause issues ingame or crashes, but it's not very common at this point.Not a fan of the DLC practice as usual as DLC is cancer for the game industry by nature. Should have sold the full package for 30-40 euros and put in the few paid DLC's all inclusive. No significant item paywalls so far. Controller and Mike recommended, but not necessary. I played with Keyboard, Mouse and neither Voice- or Textchat and had little to no issues. Had a laugh though with the infamous Steam review of the guy comparing this game to the Rapefugee invasion in europe. I slightly agree, however the real Rapefugees are several calibers worse than the Skäven. Wonder if the swedecucks at Fat Shark are still out trying to censor the reviews. Guess I will know that soon enough.Vermintide is an inexpensive, decent FPS style Hack'n'Slash game. If you like Warhammer or are familiar with the likes of shooter games, theres a good chance you will like it. Gets a 8/10 from me."
76561198139115008,Recommended,235540,23269108,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,"SCP-076 ""Able""",Awesome game for having a fun time with friends!9/10
76561198073389550,Recommended,235540,25125990,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Super Roxxapo,"It's Left 4 Dead with rats and loot. Not quite as fast paced or easy to pick up. It'll take some playing around to find your prefered playstyle.Not many people play, but the few who do are ♥♥♥♥ing heroes.If you are fortunate enough to find someone who doesn't immediatly mute themselves and rush ahead through the entire level and claim all the kills that is."
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,235540,26466726,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Darkside99x,"Says its Singleplayer, it isnt really.Also requires online."
76561198017659661,Recommended,235540,18627924,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Panda,Medieval fantasy version of left for dead- very fun- alot of replayability- awesome characters to choose from- alot of simple things done right
76561198118695315,Recommended,235540,18699012,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Jindo,Da baysht.
76561198048898842,Recommended,235540,19379724,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hoboo,A great installment in the Bad Rats franchise.
76561197992801299,Not Recommended,235540,21198383,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Transformagraphagizer,The RNG loot table makes this an incredibly boring grindfest. You can't have no skill system and then make the only character customization totally RNG based.
76561198038358713,Not Recommended,235540,33491350,Posted: 12 July,all,specificfrog,"fun game, but very low population. play with friends otherwise you all alone with AI and it gets boring. little to no story."
,Recommended,235540,23261250,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,John🤠,A great game for mashem up fans and also gets very difficult when upping the difficulty fun easy to pickup and great with friends
76561197989079574,Recommended,235540,21709654,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PiitÖrPän,This is great co-op game! Even better if you play whit 4 friends. But works fine playing whit randoms.
,Recommended,235540,23245956,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,killa K,"Great game.  The 1st game I've ever played enough to get 100% of the achiements.  If you play it for loot then this might not be the game for you.  I've played several hundred hours and still don't have all the items.  That said, there is a depth of play that you won't see below nightmare."
,Recommended,235540,23271530,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Itchypantz,Just a nice looking Co-op Horde Smasher.
,Recommended,235540,23274330,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MeatShake,Not enough inquisit- I mean witch hunter games.
,Recommended,235540,23260907,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,「 C H R U L L I S 」,"Tried it out for the first time now during this free weekend and I got to say it was quite ******* fun. If you ask me it's a bit like Left 4 Dead, but yet it is not, much more fun with the lvling, equipments and all that you use in this game. Also, the classes ( or races? ) are awesome. I highly recommend it if you love Warhammer, hack n' slash, medieval/fantasy stuff. Or if you just like to kill rats, lots and lots of rats.  9 hours in the game so far for me and it made me buy it, I just had to. Plus, it makes the game even more fun if you play with friends.Pros:+ The classes/races are nice. (Dwarf, Fighter/ranger, Human, Fighter/ranger?, Human, Bright Wizard, Elf Fast melee/Archer and Human, Witch hunter).+ Beautiful graphics+ Fun slashing rats and cutting of their heads+ Fun with 5 different difficulty levelsAnd alot moreCons:- This one is both good and bad, sure, it could get a bit repetetive, but it's still fun if you ask meI don't really think much is bad with this game, I love it. Recommended!PS. First review."
76561198006986577,Recommended,235540,23271634,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Dark fantasy Left 4 Dead, with a sprinkle of rpg.  If you enjoy L4D and you like swords and magic, this is for you!  There are a couple of small annoying things(♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and a glitch here or there) due to lack of polish, but overall it's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,235540,23277188,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SlapDaJoker,"Love this game! Now with that being said I know I only have 3.5 hours on this game so I can't give a crazy big review. So let's start with a few things I've enjoyed about the game. 1. It's very coop Friendly it's easy to add or join you're friends, 2. The Missions are amazing! I love how it doesn't get old, there is always big hordes you can slaughter! 3. The visual graphics are beautiful alot of eye candy. And with all that being said can't wait to put on some hours to the game!"
,Recommended,235540,23933660,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pizza wolf,combines aspects of great games like l4d and diablo with Warhammers iconic style and violent fun. Teribbly recommnded not this many games are this good
76561198199026705,Recommended,235540,23355090,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,| Dr. Siefield |,"Like to be murdered by surprise over and over by a giant rat  who has fluo green dildau  weapon? This is your game!(But seriously , it's a solid game)"
76561198002155967,Recommended,235540,34239127,Posted: 14 August,all,Amalgamr,"Its like L4D2 if L4D2 was melee oriented and wasn't made almost 10 years ago in a garbage meme engine.The visuals and models are really nice, all the characters are interesting to play and have good interactions.The game really has a well crafted world and ambiance and follows strictly the Warhammer Fantasy Battles lore, making a good job of bringing to life on the PC.The base game's price is a bit high in my opinion for what you get, bought it at something like 12 euros and then bought all the DLC's (except Schluesselschloss) at full price and I feel like I paid the right price for it all.I HIGHLY recommend to play it with friends, even if overall the game has a pretty polite and competent community.Oh, and the devs keep bringing updates to the game and new content, sometime free."
76561198040896926,Not Recommended,235540,18804293,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Cerberus88,"crashed every time i went to inventory tried every thing could not fix. returned will think about buying again if they fix it on there end i am sick of having to jump through hoops to play so called ""full release"" games its not my job."
76561197984732728,Not Recommended,235540,18925001,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Andrew,"I've given this game it's chance and I wanted it to be good. This game should never have been released and is rubbish.The developers have lied about the performance of their engine and the actual game play. You do NOT have a varied path through the missions, the AI does NOT have anything other than randomly appearing mobs (most of which just stack ontop of each other to appear harder), the equipement and loot rules are based around dicking players out of anything that matters, the grouping system is useless and closely resembles COD#1. I frequently finished a map after a very hard game to be screwed out of anything useful by a so called ""dice system"" of loot.Take your money and by a couple of Big Mac meals, they are better made and don't leave you with such a bad taste in your mouth as this rubbish."
76561197969304194,Not Recommended,235540,18978676,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mister T-Bag,"Very promising game, with alot of good idea, but the amounts of bugs and bad design decisions in all the area make this game go in the I wish I could have my money back.Lets give a few exemple ;- No seperate audio slider for all the type of sound and music- No way to disable screen shake ( forget aiming, better play with a controller)- Bad hit registration- Enemy clip through each other, enjoy not seeing 15 rats animation attaking you from the same location.- Put enemy on fire, so you cannot see a thing they are doing ( fire often make their animation hard to discern )- Network system is broken, people joining will make the bots disappear, even if they are healing reviving you. Or join a game that is already lost, join a specefic map to join the wrong map and have to load the freaking Inn again.- Collision with other player, you can push other player by passing through them, yes you can clip, but they will be push, enjoy killing your ally by pushing them in the hole or shooting them when they pass in you( friendly fire at highter difficulty)"
76561197964529548,Not Recommended,235540,19323463,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Pibb,"When I first started playing Vermintide, I was really impressed by Fatshark's debut title.  Visually, the game is impressive, and it's satisfying to hack apart the Skaven.  Unfortunately, they coupled their successes with an apparently hatred for their players.  You gain experience for completing missions, experience tied to levels, levels tied to.. nothing.  Okay, so that's a little weird.  You also get the chance for loot at the end of missions - but only if you win.  Except even then it's determined on a dice roll - that is stacked against you.  The house almost always wins.  You end up with a low-quality item that can eventually be forged into a higher-quality item.. that you may or may not even want (because the forging result is usually random).Fatshark seems to have forgotten that a PvE game is about having fun - and that challenge is best added by adding new creatures and more devious creatures.. not by sucking the marrow out of the player's already meagre rewards.  Success is so tied to equipment that most players will only play one of two maps: Black Powder, which is a quick to complete, or Horn of Magnus, which most players are familiar with the locations of the items that improve the loot rolls at the end.  The player numbers have dropped precipitously since Fatshark patched the exploits that were present in both maps that made the loot easier to obtain - but they failed to address the underlying issue - why people were so driven to exploit their system.  It's because the system is bad and the game is ultimately more trouble than it's worth."
,Not Recommended,235540,19316314,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,dlowe,Crashes often.  Needs bots so you can have the option to play with a friend or two without random other people in your party.  Left for dead reskinned but Left for dead is far superior.
,Not Recommended,235540,19231425,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,TinmanVin,In its current state I would give this game a miss. The loot system sucks and there is still a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bugs and glitches that are ruining the game for me. Also the game is poorley optimised. The gameplay is solid though but you will almost always get stuck with a scrub pug group unless you have lots of friends to play with. The devs seem focused on fixing exploits rather than bugs so I've lost respect for them.
,Recommended,235540,18528644,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sugar Sonny 🅱️oop,"Hey all my friends and others, I don't recommand games too often but this is HIGHLY recommanded on my list if you love horde games (Also if you love L4D this is a must buy.) It's melee combat is awesome, loot drops, crafting system for different melee/range weapon to change up the horde system. I been playing the beta today and oh my god I sunk so many hours already. Anyways I give this game an 7/10 opitimzing need fixing (The dev said they will fix that when it releases so hopfully they go though with it.) But that all fokes, review will change when it out of beta depend for better or the worse. Loving this game!"
,Recommended,235540,23214209,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JJBandit,"I love this game,It aint easy, but its rewarding, and the devs are in constant communication with everyone all the time."
,Recommended,235540,30411893,Posted: 9 March,all,RichMe1ster,I do recommend this game but with caveats. 1) I would only recommend this game with friends as it begins to be repetitive. 2) If you truly enjoy L4D and want a little variation.The CONsInappropriate DLCs... There's a point in the game where you can only achieve certain things with the DLC than without. This is the point that I had stopped playing. I'm a big proponent of justified DLCs and thus draw the line very finely between something that was forced versus something that was actually add value to the game. The DLC here is not the case.
,Recommended,235540,23214165,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Heph,"Left4Dead with rats and swords.  Lots of fun, simple yet satisfying.Some extra depth to the game added by the loot farming and crafting system but core gameplay to solid.Only downside is just like L4D the core gameplay become repetitive."
,Not Recommended,235540,29636822,Posted: 1 February,all,Hybrid,"Vermintide is pretty fun for the first few hours but after that the game quickly becomes grindy and boring. A true clone to the L4D style games, instead of zombies you're fighting rats. The levels are mediocre and the campaign was short with one of the most uneventful 'final boss battles' I've ever seen in a game.One of the biggest issues with this game is the loot system as there are five different characters that use five different weapon sets and only after completing a full mission you randomly get one single item that with a random chance that it even belongs to the character you're playing. On top of that there is an added random chance that the item is something you actually need and even more so, there is another random chance that the quality of the item is worth keeping. The RNG in the game needs a lot of work, with almost 20 hours into the game I haven’t found anything useful.I'd suggest if you want a game like this, go play Left 4 Dead 2. Not only does L4D2 look, play and feel better but the variety of weapons, game modes and other things to do in the game are much more enjoyable."
76561198120876125,Recommended,235540,23203838,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,charles2aja,Left 4 RatsThat's all i got to say
76561198056537762,Recommended,235540,23218051,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Yolof Swagerson,"Warhammer: End Times certainly gives you alot of fun - and for not so high price at that. Game has AA graphics and very well made progression system, yet the developers are reasonable with the price (still realizing, that after all, its pretty much an arcade hack and slash runner). If you are a WH geek, definetly must have. If you just want to decompress after work and slice some skaven in half, throwing huge fireballs, using huge sword, hammers, guns, the game is well worth it. Altough the game isnt as much as popular when it was released, I would still recommend it."
,Recommended,235540,23223332,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Truckin It,Melee focused version of Left for Dead. Great game.
76561198054922186,Recommended,235540,30396583,Posted: 8 March,all,Viper0hr,WTF! This $30 game got MORE FREE DL?!?YOU ARE DAMN RIGHT IT DID!Co-Op gameplay at some of its best.
,Recommended,235540,26465721,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,casanova,I love killing rats with 20 fps
76561198202744180,Recommended,235540,28520519,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,mindfultitan,"i've been thinking its been a long time since i got this game its come a long way and im happy to say its one of my top most played games and i keep comeing back to it even though i have beat it so many times the gameplay is addicting its built like l4d but focused on sword's axe's bow's mace's magic and gun's  and has a good team play element in it there is stratagy and if you are skilled enough you can solo hords by your self saveing the team and feeling like a bad♥♥♥♥♥wile doing so, you will keep comeing back to get new lute and improve your weapons and there are alot of them, this game is still undergoing changes to keep things balanced wile also creating more challange for players will keep you comeing back for a long time well worth the money."
,Recommended,235540,27464641,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gurke,Totally awesome! Can't stop playing *-*
76561198005693436,Recommended,235540,28102987,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Duke Cookie,"Take L4D + Payday 2 + warhammer lore = Vermintide is born,similar gameplay but different can be repetitive after a while,but need friends to unleash true potential,but is it fun?  Hell yeah folks"
,Recommended,235540,22163804,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Karmakeeper,"""The world is ending, Though few believe it""- End TimesThis game is genius. It supports the Community and gives free DLCs, Updates and Content.Few Developers would do this. Support them. Now!Good music though..."
,Not Recommended,235540,33198883,Posted: 3 July,all,Psychobagger,"There's no need to be eloquent in the review of this game... so:Fun for about an hour, until you realize that there's only about a dozen missions that get incredibly stale, incredibly fast- unless you spend another 20 bucks for DLC maps.No introduction to the game, you're just thrown right into crappy matchmaking with other people with no singleplayer questline to get you acclimated.The sad thing is, the game has incredible potential. Yet the entirety of your gameplay experience will be playing with 3 other people, most of the time poorly-intelligent bots, on the same maps, with terribly stitched-together storylines.Do not buy unless you realize this. Also, do not pay full price for it, and do not buy the collector's edition- all you get is a hat and literally useless trinkets."
76561197962475830,Recommended,235540,34216190,Posted: 13 August,all,Buddydude,"Do you like Left 4 Dead 1/2? Do you think that game with the added dynamic of different equipment with buffs to run and re-run and re-re-re-run levels would be fun?So basically... WoW crossbred with Left 4 Dead?If that sounds at all appealing, I can't imagine you wouldn't love this game.This game is wonderfully done; so tight, so polished, such good dynamic gen from the AI Game director... play the same level 100 times, get a pretty different experience each time. Sometimes it's easy, sometimes it's impossible, most of the time it feels just right.You can literally feel the polish Fat Shark has put into this title... they keep patching it, years after it's release and the DLC content is wonderfully done and a hell of a lot of fun.Rat-murder has never been so fun."
76561198071530389,Not Recommended,235540,28478823,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ϟ Blissful ϟ,"This game is designed to be played with friends or other people. Don't even bother trying to play solo play with the bots on any of the more difficult maps.They refuse to pick up grimoiresThey always drag really far behind youThey WILL pick up tombs but will drop them the second they see a health draught, whether they need it or not.They get themselves killed easily.Sometimes they'll just watch you get ♥♥♥♥ed up by a pack rat or a Gutter Runner.They hardly ever heal you but are glad to heal themselves when they go down a quarter of their life bar.They suck at crowd fighting and usually just end up being downed by the rat slaves.Whenever one person goes down they book it in their directions, completely abondoning any players(Which can end up getting you pack ratted... Which they'll do nothing about)They get stuck on objects and then just stand there. (This happens a lot when players go down for some magical reason)I just tried to play drachenfels alone on NORMAL and got downed by a Ratling gun because I was stuck. They shot the ratling gun and ran towards me, then over me, and then to the crowd of rats. And so I died with all three tombs (After 50 minutes of trying to get the idiots to carry them) and one grimoire because bots cant carry those for some stupid reason. It's not like they use potions anyway.Don't get me wrong though this game is fun. But the Soloplay is more trouble then it's worth so don't bother trying to farm(Because people in multiplayer rush the level so much it's hard to get any tombs or Grims). Not that it matters anyway, the Loots system in this game depends on you finding tombs and grims to get a randon physics based dice roll to MAYBE get a blue item if your so lucky. Gold items can be found, but it'll take a lot of painful hours to do so.When this game tweaks it's loot system a little bit and fixes its seemily autistic A.I. I'll give it a positive review. Because it really can be fun when playing with friends. Unlike some other swarm warhammer game I know *COUGH* Deathwing *Cough* Spacehulk *Cough*"
76561198003471291,Recommended,235540,29214992,Posted: 12 January,all,Sjord,Remarkable game. Highly reccomended.
,Not Recommended,235540,18706739,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GetDark,"Sorry Fatshark, but the game lacks depth.  Sure it is fun for the first couple hours but then becomes a boring game with really little to play for.  So you get a shinny new shield or sword, still same game mechanics and same boring four or five types of enemies.  If suddenly I could get my money back and forget this game...I would and not lose a bit of sleep.  Just not that fun after playing each of the few levels.How do I return this game?"
76561197996572384,Not Recommended,235540,18758039,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Al Gore,"This game is a hilariously unpolished mess. The matchmaking system and netcode are terrible, game hosts are constantly dropping mid-game and wiping out any progress. I have gotten stuck into Heal and Revive animations, so that I am completely useless to my team while the enemy pummels me to death. Skaven will occasionally glitch on geometry or spawn out of thin air in front of you. The friendly bot AI is abominable - they are unable to figure out how to walk up a flight of stairs to rescue you when you are captured by a packmaster or assassin rat. Sometimes the friendly AI characters will simply teleport to catch up to you. For a game released in 2015, this is just embarassing - L4D2 has better AI than this. Contrary to what the developers claimed in the advert videos, there isn't actually any nuance to the melee combat. It's a pure clickfest - your character will vary the angle of their swings slightly, and that's about it.Honestly, I can't believe there have been so many positive reviews for this crappile of a game - an incredible disappointment. I've requested a refund."
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,235540,18588316,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"would have been amazing if not for all the cheaters.the game have been infested with cheaters and devs have allowed everyone to keep their progression gained by cheating.. this makes anyone that likes progression in game either be insanely behind or have to cheat to catch/keep up.personally i hate when cheaters are rewarded and allowed to do as they want and therefore i do not recommand the game.if the devs set in hard, removed all the progression gained by cheating and put up strict rules about cheating, the game would be amazing.but untill now they shown no will to do so. therefore if you want legit, fair playing field, this game is not for you, if you do not care about that you should try it, since besides that it is a pretty awesome game."
,Not Recommended,235540,18632264,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Warhammer: Vermintide,Is a good replacement if you're still hoping for the game Hellraid which is on hold.At least, if you like games similar to Left 4 Dead. Because that's what Warhammer: Vermintide basically is.A group of 4 heroes (Players/Bots) embark on missions and after they completed them there's some small XP reward and the occasional loot in the form of a weapon for one of the five available classes.Depending on how many treasures you take with you to the end of the map it might result in a better weapon as loot.At its core Vermintide is a good game. The idea, although completely copied from Left 4 Dead, except for the loot and XP system, does work.But, to be honest, the things Vermintide does are not very well executed and could use some serious tweaking and testing to keep it interesting in the long run.For instance, the loot system does provide a random weapon for one the five hero classes. So, if you like just two or maybe three of the available heroes it could mean that you get most of the equipment for the other, not so liked, classes.Even if you recycle those weapons at the forge to get a new weapon, it doesn't mean you get a better item.At first glance this seems okay, but the more you play, the more annoying it becomes. Because, getting new weapons means you'll have to play a mission and complete it.And that's the other weaker point of Vermintide. The maps look nice and set a certain mood. Nothing wrong with that, but the objectives are: Survive Wave, Destroy X, Bring A to B. Spread across 13 maps this does provide a certain boredom. Especially when the enemies are rat versions of Left 4 Dead.Zombies are rats which can be slaughtered by the hundreds. (Though they do fight) Rat ogres are just a Tank in rat form, pack masters are rats that act as smokers and assassins are hunters.They are nicely modeled, but we've seen that type of enemy before and for me it doesn't really ad to the fun.Okay, there're gas rats, ratling gunners and commanders. Those are different, but are not enough to lift the game above the mediocre and dull experience which it provides after a couple of hours."
76561198018341388,Not Recommended,235540,18649335,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sy,It's a fun game for what it is. But the game has constantly crashed since today's (10/23/2015) release. I just hate♥♥♥♥♥♥like this. Cannot recommend the game like this. If you game doesn't run right; don't release it.
,Not Recommended,235540,18688095,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Muninn,"This game has a pretty solid foundation of fun combat and great co-op to be had.  Unfortunately, it falls completely flat due to forcing you into half-baked RPG elements that are RNG-depended from the ground up.  You have very little control over how you develop any of your characters, and you'll find yourself just grinding the first level over and over because it's one of the very few levels that's easy to complete while increasing your chance for decent loot.If you're debating picking it up, wait a few months for some fixes and balancing.  It has a very good chance of being a great game someday soon, but today is not that day."
,Recommended,235540,20794330,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,nbz,Really good game. alot better than left for dead 2. But i feel like the game is still lacking alot of content. i was hoping to see more bosses but it was just the tank basically in left 4 dead 2. i was also hoping there was more missions or things to do after beating the game which was like mayb 13 missions... it need another chapter or 10. its a good game. just doesnt have enough maps or monster. this the best co op game ive played. but it needs improvement
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,235540,24472727,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Twosday,"This game is a boring repetative grind-fest.The maps are very similar with the same dull shades of gray and fog, Getting good rewards is extremely difficult and tedius without a really good group, and near impossible with pickup groups.I really wanted to like this game, I love the warhammer universe, but this is just boring and grindy."
76561198021227501,Recommended,235540,18517328,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Serensis™,"This game is really fun.  Left 4 Dead style missions in a dark, atmospheric world, with first person hack and slash combat.  The characters are origional and interesting, and each has great voice acting and interaction with the other player characters.  The loot system is fun, if a little too random at times.  The challenge level is just right, although new players should start on easy, at least until they learn the ropes.Many players have reported frequent crashes, although I personally have not found this to be an issue.  The game is very taxing on your computer to run though, and it should be noted that having a good processor is at least as important as a good graphics card.Overall, I highly recommend the game, especially if you have a few friends to play it with.  The devoloper has been great about responding to community feedback, and the future looks bright for Vermintide (even though the gamplay takes place at the end of the world!)"
,Recommended,235540,23246297,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Hausu,"Where do I even begin with this game. First off ive been playing this game for about 7 years now and every playthrough ive had of it was exellent. There is alot of variety when it comes to builds. There is the obvious Light/Dark or Grey option for the game but there is also Force user builds, Ranged builds, Pure combat focused guardian, etc. I find the combat to be enjoyable (In my opinion) since its tactical and you can really plan attacks and things of that sort. Take DA:0 for example. Its pretty much the same system. You can start with 3 beginning classes: Guardian (Combat focused), Sentinel (Better skill progression), and Consular (Force powers). You then later in the game get different set of prestige classes depending on your allignment. Now, lets get to the writing of the game. This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen. You'll see once you play it for yourself. The reason I prefer this game slightly over the first is just because I prefer the darker, philosophical, grey aspects of the atmosphere and story a bit better (Kotor 1 is also one of my favorite games). Anyways, this game presents the idea that Dark is not necessarily evil and Light isnt nessesary good and you really get to see the Flaws of both sides. For example, you play as the Jedi Exile, who was exiled from the Jedi order for rusing to war to protect innocents. The Jedi were lazy and waited to ""evaluate the threat"". The dialouge and voice acting in this game is absolutely fantastic (Especially Kreia). For this game, you dont even need to be a fan of Star Wars. A non Star Wars fan would look at this game and just play an RPG. However a Star Wars fan would look at this and play an amazing Star Wars RPG. The reason for this is because the game is set in an era wayyy before the Movies. One flaw however, would be the cut content presented this game. Obsidian (The developers) were rushed to release this game by lucasarts, resulting in them needing to cut out content for the game. Luckily, a group of community modders managed to get into the games files and restore alot of the content that was cut. You can find the mod on the steam workshop. Anyways, hurry up and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed."
76561198024367877,Not Recommended,235540,18749247,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,hmgirlpopuri,"This game looks very good, and the theming and environment are impressive.  All that aside...I don't see what the appeal is.  The melee feels loose and lacks any impact when I attacked.  The characters feel weightless and the only reason I could actually tell that I was shooting my bow is that the ammo counter was going down."
,Not Recommended,235540,18753246,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dick Machinko,Was fun during beta but the game is a buggy mess right now. Really fun but frustrating because alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't work properly and the game crashes frequently. If the devs do a good job and actually patch it this game would be alot of fun but who knows if that'll actually happen.
76561198050786572,Not Recommended,235540,18762195,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mumsspaghetti,"Game is fun, not enough content to enjoy for more than a few hours"
,Not Recommended,235540,19213312,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,a single devito,"First things first, I do not hate this game. In fact this is one of my favourite games on steam currently. It takes all the good stuff from L4D and adds more. The character are all unique. The combat is very satisfying. The game is hard making for a good challenge and teamwork. The graphics are gorgous on max. Their is levelling and a crafting system. So with all these positive points towards the game why don't i recommend it? Because the optimization is terrible. The devs say they are working on it so hopefully in the next month or so it will be fixed. If they don't fix it they will be losing lot's of players. Lot's of people with high-end top of the market spec pc's can only run the game on lowest with 20-30fps. I run with 30-40fps. This makes the game unplayable as you need to be precise in first person. So at the games stage right now, no i do not reccommend it. Wait unitll the developers fix this major issue!"
,Not Recommended,235540,18664072,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,QuackSilvr,"This game looks really nice, good ideas. Basically L4D in Warhammer/fantasy setting.But even though I have a decent PC I cannot run it at a playable framerate.The problem seems to be the CPU (AMD FX 6300 4.5ghz). All cores taxed 100% and the game stutters in every combat.TL;DR: Too CPU intensive -> Not playable"
,Not Recommended,235540,18766447,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Sableye,"I don't know, I really thought I would enjoy this game. I play a lot of L4D so I though this would be similar. Hell I even like everything Warhammer, but in this case, I just couldn't get into it.It felt klunky, weird, lazy and they even managed to have even worse AI than L4D's. For a guy that is not a fan of playing with randoms, I can't even begin to like this game. I was the first person of my friends to play this game, I will soon be the only one who has..."
,Not Recommended,235540,18798255,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Buddha Fett,"I cannot reccomend a game with a cancerous community. But I do reccomend a good game. This is a good game, not a good community.With a HEAVY (and I mean 3.5 metric♥♥♥♥tons) focus on teamplay and cooperation. This game is golden for friends and players who ENJOY working together. Unlike most of the playerbase who rather exploit and try to solo this game to get loot. (They have fixed an exploit and over a week 50% of the playerbase droppped. Shows something) But instead of a long rant about this game heres a simple list of pros and cons since you prefer those betterPros:+(Personal Pro) Warhammer universe shown all in its glorious splender. Not a colorful bloody world but, dark dingy and +dank, with some colorful missions.+Some well done (but still needs tweaking) melee combat (This is a melee focused game, Guns are more situational than a main weapon even for the Elf and her bow)+Great atmosphere, Characters talk and bicker with one another, get to see some cool city scapes+Enemies, most enemies vary and show off a distinct look like the Gutter Runner (Akin to L4D Hunter), Ogre (tank) +Packmaster, (Smoker/jockey), Poison Thrower (Spitter/smoker), and Ratling Gunner. And each one is equally deadly+Lobby, now this was interesting to me but could still use more work. You start off inside a safehouse/inn working with other players to survive the Vermintide, more or so an interactive UI where you can choose your mission, customize and upgrade weapons.Cons-Toxic community, most of the games you will join it will be silent no one wants to chat with one another. From time to time you get a ""GG"", or ""Halp me!"" but apart from those no one likes to talk. People seem to be reluctant to help you and more inclined to insult you for going down. In fact the player base dropped from 25k to 11k after the devs fixed an exploit on a certain mission.-Lootbags, idk what to call these players but this ties into the con above. The reason why players left was because the said fixed exploit gave players loot, whether it be good or bad.-Difficulty, personally I like the difficulty. Hard is MEANT to be hard, Nightmare is well. A NIGHTMARE. Starting off at level 1-2 then trying to play on nightmare you are gonna have a bad time. The range of the Skaven are ridiculously long in melee, and most newbies dont know that you CAN dodge in this game. (hold down ASD and space and you will slide left right or back) But with a heavy focus on teamwork and noone working as a team. Players will have a bad time.-Bugs there are still many bugs that were said to have been ""fixed"" Like when the orge attacks a downed player. That still happens or when the pack master grabbing someone from 2 stories up or through the floor.Overall I CAN say this is a good game. But I cant reccomend it for people who play solo or matchmaking.The community is iffy. The gameplay is good but not solid. Hopefully within the coming months we might get some new content."
76561198157070076,Not Recommended,235540,18799097,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,species,"I got i5 2500k ticking at 4,5ghz and gtx970, this game lags for me even on lowest setting, im able to run witcher3 on ultra yet this game lags for me.Very often when i look in one particular direction this game slows to  bullet time and then it teleports me forward like some ship from star trek. Even on lowest setting, yet my friend is able to play this on i3.Since theyre doing exacly♥♥♥♥♥♥about this common issue i CANT recomend this game to anyone!!!!"
76561198026747811,Not Recommended,235540,18802701,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Thornstroke,"I played through Verminetide as a huge fan of the Warhammer World. It's a bit of a strange one to ""Not"" recommend, so I'll highlight why I feel the need to put that status there. I did play through Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide and I did briefly enjoy it. The zones are very detailed and immersive, the gameplay is hectic and fast, and the character interactions and voices are quite funny ... at first.I haven't been able to figure out which one of the females is doing it, I suspect the Waywatcher, but everyone is constantly ripping on the dwarf. Yes he's a bit stuntie, might be an alcoholic and seems to always be the one getting tugged around the place by Vermintide's ""Smoker"" (Packmaster?), but does he constantly deserve the same really naff one liners that she comes out with putting him down? Leave the poor bloke alone man!Eventually, I requested a refund for Vermintide for the time being and I think it mostly comes down to my next point. The Combat. Combat between the characters felt near enough identical and it just wasn't as fun as I thought it would be. The severing of limbs doesn't happen nearly as much as you'd want it to, playing in this grim setting and often you swing your weapon about wildly as you're struck from all over. If you've played L4D for any great period of time, you'll learn that putting your back to a wall and fending off attackers, whilst defending your flanks, generally deals with just about anything they can throw at you, that doesn't take you out of your protection zone (Gas, Rat Ogres, Fallen Allies.) I realised early on that I was doing the same thing over and over, without really ever feeling like the enemies posed a great threat, or were overly sneaky in their ambushes. I suppose it felt predictable.I feel this is a game that I'd consider purchasing again for half the asking price (which isn't a great deal of cash, but the game just doesn't offer enough innovation for its price marker.), especially if additional races were added to give the player some relief from killing the same generic clan rats over and over again. I'm honestly not quite certain why I find these enemies incredibly dull compared to the frantic, screaming zombies of L4D, but I just didn't enjoy taking them down. Perhaps the charisma of the greenskins or the deadly diversity of the Vampire Counts could inject some additional flavour into this game, in order to help diversify it up a bit.If you've never played either of the Left 4 Dead games, you might enjoy this as a fresh experience.If you have a strange hatred of rodents, I'd recommend that you play this ... you strange, strange person you ...If you're looking for something that feels really satisfying when it comes to cleaving your enemies limb from limb ... I'd recommend that you buy Chiverly. The damage of weapons + Visual carnage that follows their use Vs The amount of enemies that come at you, just lead to the bitter feeling that you're hitting an endless wave of dull target dummies. With a few minor tweaks, I think this could be a much better game.Again, worth a go, but as someone who refunded this game, I wouldn't recommend it to my friends with confidence."
,Not Recommended,235540,18823588,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Socower,"Good Game but still lots of bugs just played a game where a pack master just clipped my into an unreachable area so my BOT ally's could not get to me, right at the end of a mission.playing the game with my friends the rat ogres are powerful and a challenge the gutter runners are a pain, the rattling gunners and the poisin wind guys are interesting to take on but the pack masters are just OP and require nerfing so you can actually kill them before the pull off some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ive just seen."
76561198015627149,Not Recommended,235540,18855488,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Niggest of Nogs,the bots in this game are absolutely TERRIBLE. Only buy this game if you have 4 friends. The game is good but the developers have not paid any attention to making the bots viable. Really dissapointing
,Not Recommended,235540,18910334,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,EF,"Really Steam already...with a facepalm and a sigh...add a/an ""indifferent/meh/not for me/shrug"" (or something similar) gray/grey button to your BASIC black and white ""yes"" and ""no"" review system.My review for this game is one of the few out of my 865+ games that NEEDS that to be recommended correctly.TL;DR version:Pros-Looks/plays/sounds great, and some maps have great level design. Cheap, only 30$ instead of 60$ they could have easily asked for(I'm almost positive this means more maps/areas as paid DLC)Cons-Play and get loot for a different class. Took inspiration from L4D WITHOUT adding Versus mode(playing as the bigger enemy Skaven types vs the ""humans"")If L4D style games bore you... like me.. then this game's gonna get boring pretty quickly(took me 30 mins), especially when you're playing the same old maps over and over again.Longer version:This game sounded really intriguing, looks fantastic, has co-op play, a rank up system, and craftable/customized loot.Then I played a couple games of it and was honestly reminded of why I stopped playing games like L4D--repetitive boredom.I used to love the L4D series, especially when playing with friends. Then it got boring after playing for around a year. Then I bought L4D2, and that became even more boring after playing it for a few months.I bought Payday, and in less than a month and just found it... SURPRISE!!!!... boring.I'm just going to click ""not recommended"" for this game ONLY because there is no middle ground in the review system, and even though I personally found it boring, it still seems to be a great game for other people.***Honestly I like amassing games like a hoarder, but I will admit though.. this game is the ONLY game I've ever submitted a ticket for to get a refund.Yep. Not even Journey of the Light, which was offered refunds despite if you ""played"" it for over 2hrs."
76561198105687393,Not Recommended,235540,18926454,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CrowRequiem,"Is this game fun? Hell YES! This is the best coop game I've played in a while, melee combat is awesome, gameplay satisfactory, graphics are good, and though I'm no Warhammer fan I just can't stop playing.Why the thumbs down? Only one reason, THE LOOT SYSTEM, Right,  not the BUGs, not the exploits people use, not the difficulty, i'm not enjoying this game as much as I should because of the frustrating loot system.I never realized RNG looting could be so horrid, you can do great in a mission and not get anything you want multiple times, you can't even choose what class you want the equipment to be for, if you got a exotic but with traits you don't like, too bad, you can't do anything about it.So with this system it all goes down to grinding, and I don't know about you guys but I hate grinding myself, thus the 18 hours I played I only enjoyed about half of that time or even less. L4D2 had a lot of repetition but you can play any mission you wish and enjoy most, at least there's no reason to repeat the same level for efficiency.Some complain about getting no loot when failing a mission, well, it might not be a problem if people actually know that they'll get something worthwell if they perform well.Surely there are ways to get loot more easily and MORE IMPORTANTLY the function to reforge exotics or something that saves repetiton for the right equipment, character building should not be so difficult as it is now.Right now I'm going to put down this game(IF I CAN OH IT""S SO FUN BUT SOOOOOO FRUSTRATING!!!!) and wait 'till the developers do something about the loot. As of now, it's not a game I would recommend to others."
,Not Recommended,235540,18655288,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tastygraph,"On the surface this seems like a great idea... Left4Dead set in a Warhammer Fantasy Universe!Sadly the game lacks some of the things that made sense in Left4Dead in terms of gameplay...One of my biggest problems with Vermintide is that a player can end the mission BEFORE the other players have reached the wagon, resulting in a pretty big loss in xp rewards.This makes the game way too grindy when the majority of your missions end with someone taking the wagon while 3 people are still not inside.The bot AI is really poorly designed. Many times the bots will just stand there, looking at you beating up an objective, not assisting, simply because the objective is not flagged as an enemy. Or they will walk back and forth because they have no idea how to get around an obstacle... They dont pick up Barrels or Grain Sacks...If you have friends to play with, then you can overlook the flaws and enjoy the game... If not, then enjoy a free for all hack and slash with a massive grind for gear that makes a huge difference gameplay wise... (like swords that give a 10% chance pr hit to heal you for 5% hp... in a survival game where health is critical, thats just a bit over the top...)Overall I like the idea of this game, but the idea is Left4Dead and that game does this so much better.Hopefully this game changes with future patches :)"
,Not Recommended,235540,18755922,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ziiro,L4D+Bad Rats
,Not Recommended,235540,18765481,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Heinzy,"I've yet to play a full mach without this game crashing, maybe it's just me but everything else on my pc runs smoothly.Can't suggest this purchase until patch"
,Not Recommended,235540,18769792,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tragon,Crashes. This is a beta.
76561198066625889,Not Recommended,235540,18791119,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,godsteps,Not fun to play. Team mates just leave you behind. The Giant rat was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the game.
76561197986124135,Not Recommended,235540,18894681,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Jorie,Wait for a sale.
76561198054728410,Not Recommended,235540,18922706,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Hrothgar,"This game is really fun, and very similar to Left 4 Dead 2. HOWEVER, it isn't optimized at all. Once more than 8-9 skaven appear on the screen, frames drop from 70-80 to 20-30. It just makes the game a lot less enjoyable for me."
76561198039898828,Not Recommended,235540,18934208,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gooey Nibbles,"Packmaster Packmaster Packmaster. Packmaster everywhere, teleporting everywhere, merging through everything, Force Gifted Packmasters and extending spears. Packmaster plz stawp just stawp....."
,Not Recommended,235540,18722765,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ghyti,"Whilst being a very promising idea I can in no way recommend this game at the moment simply due to the AI of the friendly heroes. Countless times I would be jumped by an assassin or caught by a mancatcher only to have the AI stand idle and watch as I died, resulting in a failed mission.This would be okay if there was something that I could do to call them to help me or even to revive myself but as it stands this game is unplayable in a single player environment.I'm sure that the game would be a lot better with a team of people but not all of us enjoy playing games with strangers while our friends are unavailable.For now 3/10"
,Recommended,235540,33745406,Posted: 23 July,all,✪ Owl,this game is awesome to play with friends
76561198049961612,Recommended,235540,33799349,Posted: 25 July,all,Solunar,For the empire!!!
,Recommended,235540,33967735,Posted: 2 August,all,kharon,"L4D meets Warhammer. Feels like a dungeon crawler with melee weapons, and is of course fun with friends. More the merrier"
,Recommended,235540,29440816,Posted: 23 January,all,heart,"This is basically L4D3. The versus mode is gone, which is a bummer, but the RPG-ish item grinding brings some new depth to the PVE. The combat is also reasonably engaging."
,Recommended,235540,29007009,Posted: 4 January,all,Flap,"This game is pretty awesome if you have a group of friends to play with while using voice chat to coordinate your actions during the various missions, and who help your sorry♥♥♥♥♥against the ever-swarming rat hordes when you fail to check your back for the millionth time.If you have no reliable friends to play with, Vermintide is probably okay if you have no problem joining public games with random players - like in every other multiplayer game your experience may vary depending on the people you meet there,Do not buy this game if you prefer to play it solo for some reason - the ""empty"" player slots are filled with bots with abysmal AI in that case. Seriously, it's really bad and frustrating, and in critical situations they often cause more trouble than they actually help you.So, if your internet connection sucks or you prefer to solo, avoid Vermitide and pick a nice singleplayer game instead. For everyone else, I can recommend it."
,Recommended,235540,30981521,Posted: 6 April,all,黒鉄,These stairs go up!
,Recommended,235540,18721148,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,FuPlaayz - Twitch,seems cool.
76561198003030375,Recommended,235540,29269856,Posted: 15 January,all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The empire fought bravely but there is no doubt mankind is on its last legs. An ancient, powerful and destructive enemy is rising again from deep underground. Half rat and half men, better known as the Skaven, will run at you as one massive wave over and over again!  Only five incredible people, no . . . heroes, are standing up to confront these packs of deadly vermin. Is it truly the end of time or is it possible to change the tide? Only YOU can find out the answer to this question by entering the fantasy world of Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide!Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide is an Action/First Person shooter /Online Co-Op game where you take control of one of five characters; each has its own weapons and abilities to face the Skaven onslaught.The action is taking place in the city of Ubersreik and its surroundings. Your first stop, like all good heroes, will be at a tavern. In this case, it will be the Red Moon Inn. Here, several options will be available to you. First, you can see the inventory of all your heroes which is located in the big chest near the table. You can change the melee and the range of weapons your character will be using in his/her next mission as well as his/her trinket or hat. At the forge, you can update or create new weapons or salvage material from weapons you collected.  At the Shrine of Solace, you can create your own trinket, but make sure you have enough stones (plentiful, common, rare or even exotic) to do so.  And of course the last one is the mission selection. In the original title, you have 13 missions available and they’re divided into three acts.You can decide in which difficulty you want to play a mission. If it is the first time you have played this type of game, I strongly recommend that you start on the easy or normal level, especially if you’re playing your first couple of game with bots (AI is controlling the other three characters).  You have to win a mission on the difficulty you set to unlock the next difficulty. There are five in total, the two I mentioned above as well as hard, nightmare and cataclysm. For these last three, you need join a party of players to be able to win. Far too hard with the AI.The gameplay is just incredible, no matter which character you play, and the fluidity of the animations is just marvellous! The missions vary from collecting items (barrels or supplies), to destroying specific landmarks, surviving and of course escaping in order to win it. Within the levels, you will find chests, sacks and boxes of ammunition. Chests have great goodies: health potions or kits, strength and fast potions. They might also contain special die or tomes; they will give you additional experience points at the end of the mission if you recover one or all of them.Of the nine types of rat-men to fight against, four of them are soldiers. The Stormvermin unit will be the hardest of them to kill. The Ratling Gunner and the Poison Wind Globadier are a range units and can inflict severe damage to your character. The Pack Master is will grab you by the neck with a pole which has a round steel loop at the end; you will dying by suffocation. The Assassin will jump on you and stub you until you cark it!  The last one is the Rat Ogre, a massive and terrifying rat. Be at the end of his slap and you will lose a lot of your health! Just fun enemies!Absolutely stunning graphically, with a great frame rate on 2560 X 1440 resolution, over 120 fps with SLI.  Some humour as well when one of your cop-players falls. The levels are well designed and it is easy to find or host an online game. A few DLC’s are available for the game at a good price.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Splendid graphics-	Well-designed levels-	Fun and challenging to play-	Easy to find or create a game online-	Achievements and trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Your character can’t sprintOne of the best Online Co-Ops I have had the pleasure to play!9/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG!FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,235540,18563018,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ol' Mephy,this♥♥♥♥♥♥be L4D but with a  melee focus and rng loot progression system. But its great!!!!! just very derivative
,Recommended,235540,21243075,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Fayt,An accurate simulation of what medieval New York was like
76561198038935722,Recommended,235540,23811179,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hammered Hunter,"Left 4 Dead style gameplay set in the warhammer fantasy universe, pick a mission, complete the objective, (killing every piece of vermin filth that gets in your way) get an RNG reward, rinse and repeat.PROS+large variety of weapons to choose from+Killing Rat people is just so God Damn satisfying+weapons are very detailed, and feel great to kill rodent trash with+5 characters who all have their own backstory and have interesting/funny dialogue depending on the map you play/ the situation you are in, each uses different weapons and are all fun to play+get random rewards from missions to make better weapons, to kill more rats, so you can make better weapons, SO YOU CAN KILL MORE RATS, SO YOU CAN MAKE BETTER ♥♥♥♥ING WEAPONS!!!......TO KILL MORE ♥♥♥♥ING RATS!!!+the developers are awesome, constantly coming out with new bug fixes, balancing op/up weapons, tons of free content, and DLC is very good and worth buying especially when on sale+last stand mode so you dont have to worry about going from  A to B or retreiving the grey wizards magical underpants, just Kill rats til you cant kill no moCONS-RNG rewards will give you blue balls forever, plan on sinking more hours than me if you plan on getting every weapon/trinket/cosmetic helmet in the game-still some bugs, here and there, but the devs are great about patching-not that popular so sometimes there wont be many people on, but you can always find a team to play with, just not always on the map you want10/10 amazing game, highly recommend."
,Recommended,235540,28661682,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Philipgreek,"medival left 4 dead with swords,bows ,magic and pistols xDWorth to buy if its in salesMajor turnoff----> few missions without DLC plus DLC prices are kinda high :<"
76561198012615624,Recommended,235540,23837125,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Abaddon the Despoiler,It's awesome!
76561198100248967,Recommended,235540,35445196,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,"My friend cant get it to work because he has 32 bit computer blyad so i dont play it, pretty fun though blyad."
,Recommended,235540,18511356,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aura_Enchanted,"vermintide is a first person melee combat, horde game by fat shark and is the latest game to be released with the blessings of games workshop bearers of the IP that lays the proverbial golden eggs. and its solid execution, solid level design, and challenging gameplay cause mixed feelings when their matched with the relatively bad introduction to the game for new players and sometimes unfair minion spawns. and so on to a more in depth review!graphics: visually the game is stellar with an art design that is part visceral cutscene from more gawdy games like warcraft, and the dark and brooding colortones and epic mood of a metal album cover. fat shark should be commended on their visual recreation of a cramped renissance era slum city with narrow streets and tall buildings sailing to the sky, you feel as if the city could go on forever in any given direction. and the lightning is always moody and well polished. visually you dont have many of the bugs stuff like payday grips with where you have corpses sticking out of walls rubberbanding. however i did notice some color bleeding like effects going on in certain places that i feel need work especially when looking at things in the distance.audio: the sound quality is solid with excellent musical scores and the sound effects of the world around you are great, the rats say insane things and blow loud horns, the storm vermin march around like roman legionarries and the weapons have wonderful sounds on both sides of the fighting. however i feel this is where the audio praises ends. combat doesnt feel very meaty here and it feels dissappointing. you lop heads off of rats and it didnt sound like effort. mixed with the exaggerated strokes of your axe or sword and the animation it comes across almost action movie like instead of more visceral and real. and the banter between the player characters feels flat and in places lost amonst the combat going on around you. ou also dont really hear yourself being hurt. i feel like the game could do with some kind of grunts or yelps when youve taken damage instead of generic red screen flashes. it feels like a missing piece in the puzzle of making it a better game. also currently voice chat doesnt work.controls: simple and upfront, easy to grasp though some inefficiencies that i feel are uneeded, thankfully one can rebind and fix this.gameplay: gameplay can best be described as picking your avourite flavor of koolaid as largely they all achieve the same ends.. killing pounds of rats, but each is different in its mechanics. the mage can kill a lot of rat but she risks killing herself in sustained fights that drag one, the dwarf can block with a shield but he has trouble running away, the thief cant stand and trade blows with bigger vermin or specialists and likes to stay in motion, the inquisitor favors ranged warfare and needs to stay behild his partners, and the man-at-arms is a jack of all trades master of none for those who just cant make up their mind. combat feels visually meaty and violent as dead skaven liter the streets and you lop off heads and arms. however the AI has some bugs, the assassin enemy specialist either kills your entire teams or leaps off the map and does nothing because his ai bugged out, the gatling rifle vermin is at times braindead and reacts too slowly to combat, and the acid vermin just have all the wrong spawns it seems as they arrive in terrain where their poison gas and acid guns do virtually nothing before they die. multiplayer is also host based peer2peer and not open servers. this was done because console gamers are the lowest common denominator when it comes to multiplayer and as a result holds down multiplats from glorious private server master race combat but if you have a team of friends its good.conclusions:this game is good in its genre, very good. however she i feel will suffer from a flaw that i cannot pen on paper within a category of some kind, a DAMNING flaw. and that is the issue of the genre itself and the way gamers work socially. in a world where this was the only game weve had in this genre in 15+ years we could close the book and call this game brilliant and a must own. the problem is that it isnt, and this genre has the problem mmo's have or mp shooters, or single player rpg's. ""but its not"" syndrome; the game disease with no cure. players come over to these games from the kingpin of the genre and then long for their old game back. not because theres something wrong with the game, but because they love that other game too much to quit. and in this case it will be call of duty zombies and left 4 dead. and you just wont convince those people with this game as great as it may be some day to abandon their old as grandma games for this one. why? because they love their routine too much and they love things staying the same. they dont want change and this will be a change indeed.so i give this game a 4/5 with an asterix and that asterix is there because if your coming from those games its 1/5 dont buy your throwing your money at a game you wont be touching mere weeks after minus the occassional paythrough when your favourite server is down, or because you broke your game disc; you idiot."
76561198021797276,Recommended,235540,23812811,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Macgyver,It grows on you.
,Recommended,235540,26427135,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FreakinFuzz,Have you ever played Left 4 Dead? Same thing. Loot is kinda weird. But a fun time killer I guess.
,Recommended,235540,23910928,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KeeGeeBee,"It's been a long time since left for dead, we needed something to expand off of the same sort of genre with different stories*edit*well, my original review was pretty short, so i feel that it's time to, after a long time playing this game, expand on it. First off, I'm going to talk about the combat. there are multiple weapon types, each of which fits into 2 categories. these categories are ranged weapons, and melee weapons. ranged weapons, of course, use ammo to fire (excluding the staffs used by the wizard). This ammo can be found in one use pick-ups around the map, and far more rarely, in crates with unlimited supplies of ammo. IF YOU ARE PLAYING AS A MELEE FOCUSED CHARACTER, LET YOUR TEAM MATES PICK UP AMMO FIRST.The melee weapons all have different stats, with their different weapon classes having vastly different stats. For example, both 2 handed hammers and 2 handed swords can do a sweeping attack, but hammers have far more knockback, and will stun enemies and push them back far better than swords ever could.All of these weapons, excluding white quality weapons, have some sort of buff on them that can be unlocked at the forge for a small amount of materials (basically money). The higher the rarity of the weapon, not only does it do more damage, but also has more slots for these buffs. Weapons come with buffs already on them, but if you want to change them, you can do that at the altar, but keep in mind that you may hate your new buffs worse than the old ones.The combat itself -actually swinging your weapon- feels very good, each swing feels unique, and you can cut off enemy limbs, which usually puts them into pre-made death animations. The enemies are quite varied, and will be familiar to Left For Dead players.I don't really feel like adding more at this time, but i may make some more edits at a later time."
76561198009301803,Recommended,235540,26441918,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,WhiteKnight777,"This game is awesome I dont know why people enjoy bashing this game so much its a brutal first person shooter set in the world of Warhammer fantasy closest to left 4 dead but has that brutal feel of warhammer, the variation isnt too broad but the loot keeps you going and increases replayability with still giving a challenge, I hope to see this game get add ons in the future such as new characters or even new enemy models like zombies or orkz hell even ungors or chaos would be cool this game has a ton of potential and I have enjoyed the time I have spent on it, its free this weekend so before just brushing it off give it a try and see if you enjoy it."
,Recommended,235540,26427664,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sinnen,"smash rats, and look good while you do it. You can also catch yourself on fire if your into that."
76561198022231592,Recommended,235540,26435036,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AcEoFNeX,Guts approves.
76561198052173091,Recommended,235540,26444688,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SHITBAGDELUXE,"The dev team is pretty awesome. Which is rare in this day and age of money grubbing. All the DLC either free or reasonably priced.  The game looks good even on my system. Feels like L4D with more of a melee focus. Hitboxes are good, easy to get into. Wish there was some sort of PvP system. I'd pay money for that. Can get repetitive, people find exploits and only play a certain map on the hardest difficulty. The loot system almost makes me not recommend this game, though recent patch claims to fix the issue of playing on nightmare and geting a white item or green. Will update as needed."
76561198042768255,Recommended,235540,23808008,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Delta5931,"Left 4 Dead: Rodent Extermination Edition(FIRST IMPRESSIONS}Okay, so it's L4D, but with a heavier focus on melee. To the point that we have one melee and one ranged. This ranged varies based on character, with the Wizard lobbing fireballs and the Soldier using a blunderbuss (shotgun with one shot, for the ill informed). Melees also have some variation, as some characters will be equipped with a Sword and Shield and others with a simple Rapier. This ensures that characters have some nice variation in their weapon designMap design is nice, from the one map I played. Some areas present you with multiple ways to approach an area, while others put you into a tight corridor with a bunch of Skaven (rat people) rushing at you. I'll have to play more maps, but I like what I see so far.The game also has some spectacular graphics. I mean, it's really, really good.Let me also say this: As a new player to the entirety of the Warhammer universe, this game is pretty noob friendly. It doesn't beat you over the head with lore that it supposes you already know. While it does reference characters, it doesn't seem like it references any other major events from the End Times era of the Warhammer universe, only locations that are also affected by the warm of Skaven (rat people with big knives)Now onto the bad:Let me just say this: I don't like the loot system. I only played one match, but it seems to me that the loot system is a little bit... Terrible. At least to me, it seems like it will take me a very, very long time to be able to replace any weapon on any character, aside from the extra melee that the game gives you for each character.The hefty price for entry also annoys me, as the game already has very expensive DLC for sale. We only get one map (with many levels). All the rest of them appear to be DLC, which really sucks. It doesn't seem like we'll be able to get any more maps for free. I understand game development isn't cheap, but this one map (with many levels) doesn't seem like it'll sustain us for any serious amount of time.With all of that in mind, the game has promise. If more free DLC is added that gives us more maps, then I'd be willing to say this is worth it for full price. Otherwise, I'd buy this on the sales (which I did, thankfully). For $15 (which is what it's worth on the summer sale), I don't think there's a game where you can have as much fun killing a bunch of rat people with varying levels of brutality."
,Recommended,235540,18565567,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,AusGuardian,"It's Good, and release will be great, and i hope in the future it will be legendary.Two things i'd like to see- Digital collectors edition upgrade / Founders upgrade- And the ability to pick up the rattling gun after killing to gunner with limited ammo, just an idea.This game is worth your time, and the learning curve for the game mechanics is just right, your skill and teamwork is way more important than your weapons."
,Recommended,235540,35386628,Posted: 1 October,all,Jackfrozr,"Medieval Fantasy left 4 dead, ever wanted to squash a rat with a giant hammer? Now you can.If you are looking for a challenging game to play with friends and don't mind repeating map to get loots to make your character stronger, you will enjoy this game. If you are looking for a good story or long campagin, this game is not for you.Pros:- Combat is fun, swinging a huge weapon through hordes of rats, stabbing them from behind with a dagger, shooting through multiple rats with longbow.- Game is challenging on higher difficulties.- Characters are interesting and their interactions are fun to listen to, 60 hrs in and i am still hearing new things.Cons:- You receive only 1 reward each level, and it is based on RNG, looking for something you want might take forever if you are not lucky. Really wish they implement a re-roll once per day or something, to help people with not so good luck.- AI can be terrible and incompetent sometimes, getting stuck at places, not taking items, taking the wrong items, using items at the wrong time, not helping you when you are downed. (Those AI are evil, they watch you die while smiling from afar).- Wish there were more levels in the base game.8/10"
,Recommended,235540,35450978,Posted: 3 October,all,#BrädgårdeN#,"Rats to my left, rats to my right. Rats above, and rats below. I hate rats."
,Recommended,235540,35486290,Posted: 4 October,all,SaltyBot,"Another case of a game not reinventing the wheel, but rather taking pieces of other games, and making a new fun unique product in a very good way that works. The core game is basically left 4 dead, but it feels so much better. You actually have a sense of character progression in a meaningful way, without making it so overpowered that you could easily do the higher difficulties without actually getting good at the game. Getting new weapons, forging them together for higher quality items, and customizing bonus traits on weapons all feels great.The ingame gameplay while not complex at core, allows you to make a lot of quick decisions between charge attacks, normal swings, blocking pushing or swapping to ranged weapons to really make it feel like you're a badass when you use skills correctly. I'm not praticularly a fan of the character design of the heroes, however the game's overal visual style and audio are all super well done. The dark atmospheres, the character banter, and the music are all top notch, and easily engage the player in the game.The only downside of the game is it can feel a bit too RNG / Grindy. You can get quests at the tavern to get new items, but its pretty rare that you actually get a quest for an item that's actually really good, and then completing enough tasks to finish the quest can literally take weeks if you aren't capable of doing nightmare / cataclysm difficulties, or if you don't have the DLC maps. That and it feels so often that you get robbed on the RNG dice at the end of a stage. You can take your time going through the stage getting all the tomes for better roll %'s, and getting the loot dice for extra dice rolls, and still get a 0 and come out of a very difficult mission with a very low tier reward.I really wish they put more boss fights in the game too, outside of the ""tank"" rat ogre, (who i personally wouldn't really consider a true ""boss"" since you'll have 1 show up in most stages) there's only 1 boss, and he's in one of the DLC stages. Hopeing that this is something they do more with in Vermintide 2.Overall if you have a group of friends to play with, this is a super fun game, highly recommend. I might suggest waiting for a sale (Or till oct 17th) however with vermintide 2 announcement so you don't feel like you wasted your money on the first one when the second one could potentially be out very soon."
,Recommended,235540,35483275,Posted: 4 October,all,amazing mouse,"Never knew cutting through humanoid rats can bring so much enjoyment. They look so cute too, I wish I had one as a pet! Rodents are my favorite and it tears my heart apart seeing all these mice and rats dying.10/10 would bonk a rat again"
76561198052070188,Recommended,235540,31618591,Posted: 7 May,all,x_gandalf,Left 4 Dead 3: WarhammerTwo thumbs up
,Recommended,235540,18656504,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Preyhamster,"you have access to a massive arsenal of hammers, maces, shields, guns, bows, daggers, swords, and magic.the enemy gets a gatli.. im sorry, RATLING gun.guess who got the short end of the stick on this apocalypse.BRRRRRRRRRT out of BRRRRRRRRRT"
,Not Recommended,235540,18745970,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Archiver,"This game is terribly optimized. I get about 120 fps on average, but the second a horde of skaven spawn I dip down to around 30-40 fps until the fight is over. I was dumb enough to play the pre-order beta, and was hoping for some drivers / optimization patches from Fatshark, but nothing yet. I have a GTX 970 FTW+, i7 960 processor, 12gb of ram, and the game is installed on my SSD. I can run Witcher 3, GTA 5, and other newer titles on ultra and get around 80-90 FPS no problem. There is no reason why this game should be using 80% of my GPU and 100% of my CPU while im sitting in the inn (pre-game lobby, very small, almost nothing going on). There is obviously some serious CPU optimization issues with this title, and I would strongly suggest not picking it up until they are hammered out... if they ever are. The other thing I dislike about this game is the loot system. It is way too RNG heavy, and 90% of the time I get some useless item for a class I never plan on playing. If this game ran smoother it might be worth the $22 I paid for it, but it runs like I have a baked potato shoved into my CPU chip slot, and some silly puddy jammed into my PCI slot for a GPU. Melee combat / ranged combat is okay... although chopping through an enemy / enemies isn't as satisfying as it games like Chivalry where you really feel the blow connect to your opponent. Overall the game just feels rushed and not of the greatest quality, I would rate it a 6/10... probably a 7.5/10 if it ran at a solid 60+ FPS without horrid framedrop in combat."
76561198073406815,Recommended,235540,18692615,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"Hammer me this.Hammer me that.Fine Gromil Hammer, to bash me a rat.What do we do with a dwarven rifle?What do we do with a dwarven rifle?What do we do with a dwarven rifle?Shoot up all the rat kin!Dwarf/10"
76561197961875012,Recommended,235540,18678325,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,|bLK*| Killian,"Wow, L4D and Warhammer had a dirty dirty bloody lovechild and she's absolutely beautiful. GREAT job GW! Refreshing to see a really good warhammer title, Regicide and Mordheim (omg so bad, only things ive ever refunded) were beginning to cause my faith to dwindle. Play this if you like blood. PLAY THIS if you like to kill things. PLAY THIS if you hate rats! PLAY THIS IF YOU LIKE GIANT HAMMERS!Lets hope the blood god enjoys rats for dinner."
,Recommended,235540,18563010,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Azon,This is how the black plague happened...right?
,Not Recommended,235540,19019661,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,P1RAT3 -∀∀-,"Edit: YES, I KNOW HOW TO FARM ON HARD AND NIGHTMARE WITH 3 TOMES AND 2 GRIMS. It doesn't change the fact that the loot system is poorly designed. READ.I like this game, I do. But this garbage ""loot"" system is ♥♥♥♥ing over any sense of enjoyment I get. You need better equipment to even have a chance to do damage in the higher difficulties. The way the loot system is set up, you'll maybe get a chance at a weapon that's maybe for your class if rngesus doesn't ♥♥♥♥ you over (which you ONLY get one roll for one item, per game); and, chances are, it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥weapon type anyways. Until they fix the loot system to actually be ""loot"" I'm not changing my recommendation and not playing it until it's fixed. Game has potential, devs... please don't wait until Dec 3rd to fix a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system.Pros:~L4D w/ rat zombie things~fun levels~focus on melee and maneuvering~good enemy AI (ish... they'll try to surround you if out in the open.)~Warhammer Universe.~Dwarf, elf, human, mage thing, and anti starbucks witchhunterCons:~loot system is terribad~praying to rngesus never works~can't play the class you want if someone else is using it (if it's such a problem, the Gauntlet: Dark Legacy system comes to mind...)~no upgrade to premium version after purchasing standard, would have to pay full price again.~DUDE, THE ♥♥♥♥ING LOOT RAT... DOESNT DROP LOOT. WHY. JESUS. WHY."
76561198006412079,Recommended,235540,25998267,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Target Drone,"This is the best melee co-op on the market. There is no other game where you have the jarring shock of heavy blows; vision obscurred and blood-blurred combined to the pounding of your characters heart beat.There are plenty of fellow reviewers / critics who draw parallels to the Left 4 Dead and Payday franchises. So I will not add to that.The graphic details are amazing I went from Nvidia 560 to a 960 and the level of depth of the details of the maps and items within still continues. Patch 1.5 has seen even more visual improvements to shadows and shadings.There are enough maps and time to finish them is 15 minutes to half an hour.The game can be brutal at times due to the type of enemies and the timing of attacks.No character truly dominates and teamwork is essential to completing the map and how well you succeed.Rewards are now more tangible with the  new quests and contracts that gives a definite reward rather than a totally random reward result. What this really means is the player base is picking up due to this and release onto console. There will be more people in the public lobbies world wide looking to game.Each character has its own play style. There are plenty of weapons to collect. These also vary in strengths. For further complexity there are weapon traits.  For a further boost these are magical trinkets that ""can"" aid you in completing a mission or map.With a stable internet connection you will get plenty of games in with many, many hours of challenging play."
76561198006670157,Not Recommended,235540,26347623,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Big Bad Wolf,"Having issues with the game running super fast randomly. Has happened every time, searched forums and it has been an issue since early 2015. Still no good solution, tried every recommendation provided in Game dev and Steam forums. Have not played more than 5-9 minutes until it happens repeatedly. Refund requested, I actually enjoyed the game play but since it will not run reliably there is no point spending money for something I can't play. The game interface is a bit simple, I was only able to secure 1 barrel on the first mission and never even got to place it on the boat. So can't speak to the content."
,Recommended,235540,18517360,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,[◣╬◢] flamer927,"this game is very goodadn fun same as left 4 dead, great graphics and new enviroment but this games need a lot optimization even though have high end PC..."
,Recommended,235540,18593186,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CCD Robin,Love the game so far! my experience in the beta has been amazing!
,Not Recommended,235540,18919997,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Fehlnir,"Between the bad Backend servers and the straight L4D rip, the only thing saving this is ""Warhammer"" being in the title, not worth the 30 dollar price tag."
76561198018346940,Recommended,235540,26035108,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Subject Beef,"I love the way this game feels, when you hit an enemy with a weapon there is a very satisfying wet crunching noise. Along with the sounds of combat the way the weapons impact with the enemies is very awesome and one of the reasons I like this game so much. I could blab about this game being super great but I'm just going to say ""If you get a chance to play this game, do it and enjoy"""
76561198128003596,Not Recommended,235540,18800832,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Alith23,the AI in the game really REALLY sucks! They are constantly getting stuck and rarely come to your aid! I was hopeing for better quality from Warhammer but oh well. I can not recommend this game
76561197983432311,Not Recommended,235540,18827413,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Konz,"Another game in alpha labeled as ""release"""
76561197970511192,Not Recommended,235540,18810356,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Perky Little Crits,"If i could get a refund i would.Wait 6 months then rebuy, there's just WAY too many bugs and crash issues right now and the singleplayer bot ai is useless. Even easy is unplayable with bots currently as the spawn rates have tripled on specials and the bots will freeze in place if a ratling gunner spawns. If it spawns in a place like over a fence or in a house where its unreachable, thats mission over as the bots won't help you if you're dying or even move.Could be fun multiplayer but due to the loot system its ""do it this way or we kick"".Give it time to mature then purchase."
,Recommended,235540,19872123,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,♊[2LEK`S]™Swegesk00pz,Игра хороша советую поиграть!!)
,Not Recommended,235540,18796998,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,singlemalestaynfit2000,they say it singleplayer. but when server dont work. you dont playinc dead game
,Not Recommended,235540,28416368,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"I want to like this game. I truly do.  While I could see myself recommending it on the cheap (20 dollars including all the DLC content) to shooter fans/Warhammer fans, the title simply isn't worth its 30 dollar price tag at all.  A cooperative/singleplayer L4D 2 campaign mod with various classes, the game uses the carrot of ever-increasing loot drops as an impetus to keep playing.  The premise isn't to survive and make your way through the map but, instead, to complete some rote objective (destroy xyz, exfiltrate abc items in a wagon/boat/caravan). Think Dead Center Map 4 over and over and over and over.  Consequently, despite the fact that the game is wonderfully atmospheric, graphically impressive, reasonably well-assembled and has moments of fun, the game can also feel suffocatingly repetitious and grindy.To be honest, if I'm going to be playing a grindy title like this one, I'd much rather concentrate my focus on a more open, massive title like Diablo 3.  While the first person elements somtimes feel reasonably good (combat), often these self-same first person paradigms impair the feel of the legitimately diverse character classes.  Character movement is the most clear and egregious offender.  The trailers show characters moving around, bounding, acrobatically and colorfully but this information is completely obscured in first person and perhaps a third person view would be much more effective at conveying such class variation.  Additionally, the community is quite vacant, with only about 30 or so server instances populated by approximately 45 players at any given time.With the dearth of players using microphones and a lack of clear procedural map-strategy, players mostly do their own thing and only help each other when it becomes absolutely necessary.  In this way, Vermintide feels terribly lonely (and dark...holy crap, give me a flashlight!).  You play alone, you level alone, you forge gear alone and only on brief crescendo events do you ever work together, with the exception of an occasional cap clear.  Unlike a title like Left 4 Dead 2, where each campaign is divided into maps with clear and differentiated events that mandate specific responses/strategies, Vermintide's mapping, while pretty, is simply an uninspired, maze-like mess of constant scurrying/front-running towards the next crate full of potions.The inclusion of treacherous terrain where specific Skaven types would have improved efficiency is just one minor suggestion that could add significant variation to the title.  In light that Vermintide lacks vs multiplayer, the need for dynamic, reaction-inducing maps is oh so vital.  While I only have a scant few hours in the game, the title update erased all my progress and bugs seem to be crawling in this title.  The title runs reasonably well but crashes on occasion and somtimes demonstrates issues during combat, like clipping, animation glitches or the like.  While blatant animation problems never occur, being unable to hit a Skaven in front of you because you've already missed twice, and needing to change your position completely to actually connect a blow, can sometimes dull the intoxication that this game purports to elicit during combat.It's not that Vermintide is a bad game or that it's badly made.  Vermintide, with the right group of friends can be good fun.  The issue is that the game has deep paradigm flaws in its core gameplay that render it less than what it could be and allow so many other titles to be so much better value for the money.In light of those flaws.6/10.  Not recommended. This game can be lonely, boring grind without the right group of people and even then...the game has limits.7/10. Recommendation with reservations specifically to L4D 2 campaign fans or rabid Warhammer Fantasy zealots.Side note. I've disliked PC Gamer since the beginning of time. Once again they showcase what incredible noobs they are. They gave Doom 2016 an 88 but this game a 90? Wait what? Clueless wannabes."
,Recommended,235540,19030246,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,OCEANMAN( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º).✌,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,235540,18805933,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Botaxalim,"Good game for casual player who have limited time playinggraphic is good, action movement is smooth but not very fast paced, sound seems mediocore but lively enoughnot much gore or dark element actually. Recommended this game for Casual Playerbut for me , not very good compared Left4Dead 2for 2015 game, enemies rat variation so limited, no new featurenot much depth and using same very recipe like left4dead without new improvementmelee and range attack animation is using same animation over and overthe loot system so boring, everyone grinding same short map just for farming gearno dedicated server yet or mods. refunded"
,Recommended,235540,19405195,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,K,Best MP/COOP game 2015
,Recommended,235540,18781197,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Thrax™,"You could say this is Left 4 Dead with a Warhammer Fantasy theme, but thats where you're wrong.This feels more felshed out and satisfyingly fun compared to L4D IMHO (Don't get me wrong, Left 4 Dead is still a great game tho).*Will add more details and final score latter*"
76561198112300023,Recommended,235540,18691424,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Puffnchug,Great game. The gear grind is a little tedious but I feel like it will add to the longevity of the game. Definitely a must buy for anyone who likes the left 4 dead playstyle.... and loot!!!
76561197966356709,Not Recommended,235540,24579039,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dirty Aguilera,"Cant give this game a good review. The game crashes every 2 to 3 missions. I have well over the recommended spec the game just isn't stable which is so bad considering its been out for so long now.Seems its very normal for developers to release unstable gamers these days and I dont know why people give good reviews to a game like this.As an example: I just loaded up the game and joined a cataclysm diffulcty run. I joined as the entire group was stuck in a loading screen. We all agreed to reload and join the host again which we did and we completed the run on the hardest difulcty but then the game crashes before the loot screen so we all got no loot. If this was a one off thing its forgivable but its not it happens all the time.my spec: I7 9820K, x2 980Ti, 16gb RAM - No reason to have problems..."
,Recommended,235540,18574003,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,pH Zero Acidized,WAAAAAARRRGGGHHHH!!!!!I have been a WARHAMMER Fantasy fan for a long time and i must say this game is spot on. The voice overs a conversation between heros and the story are right up anyone who is into fantasy Alley. There's plenty of teamwork involved aswell.. from sharing potions and med packs to bandaging others or helping up downed allies. This game is a lot like Left 4 Dead and anyone who enjoyed that game will really enjoy this.The graphics are really good aswell and you can almost feel the blood hit your face as you hack into those dirty rats.On top of all that there's gear that drops at the end of Rounds and rolls for more loot. There is also a leveling system that unlocks other usefull items. Once you unlock the Forge you can salvage items for materials used to forge 5 items into one random item. Items come in different rarity white/green/blue and some items have buffs that can be activated at the forge.All in All this game is amazing and offers hours of play and has great replay value. I really think Games Workshop nailed it with this one and to me has made up the damage done by EA with Warhammer Onlne and how it was shutdown.Hope this review helped anyone on the fence with this one. See you in game!!waaaaaWaaaarrggghh!Shakakka
76561198196160754,Not Recommended,235540,19832847,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DJ tastybeats,"Gets old pretty quick, its like l4d but more boring"
,Recommended,235540,18524700,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hawks,"Holy crap, it's Warhammer plus L4D2...........What's not to like? (Plus loot and it's harder than L4D2 and KF2!)"
,Recommended,235540,18525161,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Esula,Fun game.
76561197985289015,Recommended,235540,26304794,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,jopparai,"I HAVE WORKED SO HARD ON THESE MISSIONS ONLY TO HAVE THE GAME CRASH RIGHT AT THE END, BEREAVING ME OF REWARDS! AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRGH!! FIX THE GAME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!"
,Not Recommended,235540,21707461,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ASSARTOSE,"While I could play this game(after last update it refuses to start)I had to deal with lots of bugs(rats hit you through walls etc), bad connection with some kind of ""server"" which couldn't check my ""key""(?).I was playing it because it was kind of fun. Now it won't even start...And I cant even send bug report because...their site dont work eather.10 rats of 10. Don't buy this unplayable crap."
,Not Recommended,235540,21887814,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[CAFAS]Don,One of the most boring repetitive games I ever played.
,Not Recommended,235540,18747693,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,alef,"I thought it's like Left 4 Dead 2 with magic and better graphics, but this game fun as much as waiting in queue at a hospital...but with better graphics. I don't understand all this happy reviews. Process of killing zombies was way more entertaining than killing rats with kind of ""gore""."
76561198011074437,Recommended,235540,18524905,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Weazy,so worh the money its fun with freinds and challenging
76561198245810448,Not Recommended,235540,26096956,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Big E,"I just got in to vermantide again after the content patch.Playing the game solo is fantastic. It's got a pretty robust melee combat system with very heavy animations and good hitboxes. The gameplay carries it into my top 5 of all time. If you like party-based, horde, hack-n-slash Vermantide is the game for you.Just a couple things to mention, playing locally with friends is a nightmare, the crafting/upgrade system is unrewarding, and the game is buggy.8/10, as long as content keeps coming, I will keep playing.The community might grow if the dev considered going F2P with cosmetics and character customization.Edit: After the latest path the game has become unplayable with crashes to BSOD, yet to get any response from Fatshark support"
,Not Recommended,235540,19513192,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ProgRockIcon,"Terribly derivative gameplay, lacking all of the charm and rhythm of Left 4 Dead. Buggy hitboxes, range and special Skaven. Loot system repeatedly kicks you in the nuts with crappy, irrelevant equipment. Game will be dead in 6 months."
,Recommended,235540,18684576,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Locke504,"This game is great. It's the secret successor to Gauntlet Dark Legacy you weren't expecting. It also shares some much more obvious similarities with games like Left 4 Dead and Chivalry for what its worth. All in all, the game has just the right amount of each to create that sweet balance of awesome.Cons:Poorly optimized. I'm running a 3.4ghz i5, 16gigs of ram, ssd, and gtx 960 with 4gb of onboard ram, on medium settings and I still drop to 20-30 fps in fights.There isn't a ton of depth to the game currently. What is here is great though. I really hope they continue to build the game up."
,Recommended,235540,18715504,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Webbey,"I stood up and went to grab a drink after another intense round of Vermintide.  I had some punishing rounds where the tide turned in favor of the Skaven in the blink of an eye.  And on the other hand I found a group that didn't seem to mind carrying me while I try to gain some levels and get some better gear.  After all this, the thought ocurred to me: Vermintide is repetitive.  I immediately had a flash of disappointment.My initial impression was probably the chemical aftermath in my brain.  My first few rounds I was frantically scanning rooftops or looking over my shoulder worrying another rat was crawling out of a crack in the walls.  It didn't take long before I was ready to start charging up a power attack when I felt like a rat was behind me.  My eyes were darting across the screen, I was constantly worrying about keeping up with my teammates, or rushing to someone who had fallen.  After my first experience playing, I was probably recovering from the intensity of NORMAL.  I should have started on easy, but I'm glad I didn't.  I got to see how difficult and chaotic things can be from a random group.  I also got to feel that surge of excitement from a well organized vicory after a crushing defeat.When I was cramming in a round before work the following moring, I thought: being repeatedly amazing is just what I want from a new release.  The satisfying *splak* of my axe swinging into a rat man's neck, picking off a Packmaster before he pulls one my teammates down an alley, and attempting to stand my ground to a rat ogre are just a few things that I could do all day.The sound in Vermintide is very well done.  The voice acting from the character is entertaining and helpful.  The ominous sounds that surround you are enough to increase your heart rate.  You can hear the sinister voices of Gutter Runners while they wait in the shadows ready to pounce on an unsuspecting noob like myself.  When you hear the horn in the distance you might immediately realize you need to close the gap between you and your teammates.Pair the sound with the dark and gritty feel visuals and you've got a fantastic immerision into the Warhammer universe.  The cities are on fire and abandoned, aside from a rat in every corner.You really do feel like one of the last remaining shreds of hope to expel the Skaven menace.My reaction to complaints I read:*Dislaimer - the game hasn't officially been released for a week yet and I don't have 40 hours into the game yet.*Hitboxes:Yeah they could probably use some polishing, but the QQing I read made it feel like it was totally unfair and broken. Most of the Skaven have spears you imbeciles!  Of course they're going to outrange you.Loot System:I wish someone had a tag over their head that said: ""I'm only here for the loot,"" because I would immediately kick them or drop group.  The game is damn fun; the loot will accrue over time.Buggy:First week of release and a small studio, waahh.  I'm going to take the side of the developers (as long as I trust them to correct them eventually.)  They really seem like they're making an effort in the community.  I've come across a couple things that were a little obnoxious (getting hit through walls, for example,) but nothing that prevented me from wanting to queue up another round.This was a bit of an impulse buy after reading some positve reviews, and I was not disappointed.  It is one of the best Fantasy Warhammer adaptations I've played."
76561198005362747,Recommended,235540,18690670,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Maraach,This game is very addictive.  The graphics are excellent and the game play is the most fun I have had in a game in along time.  I am totally hooked.  There are a few minor problems but nothing has taken away from me having a blast playing.
76561198066259531,Recommended,235540,18624545,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Force Meme,"Rats, rats ,rats,rats rats everywhere.The game need more spook but fk that this is badass.Flame lady can explore herself.Asia character as that cool looking girl.The enemy look so stupid but it will beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Have the environment feels like l4d.Heals like l4d.Cant runPush the enemy and it will die for some reasons.......L4DThe characters always say random♥♥♥♥♥♥all the tims same as l4d.The transition animation is identicle as l4d.You will find boxes everywhere to surprise you and you will never find anything inside.No friendly fire doe......Get eaten alive by the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rats.You know what where are all the cats in this video game. Need more cats and ducks.Also need more gore animations.L4D dead animations.Just calling our mate when he is dying to assist. 10/10Hey where is tank and zombie staffs ?!?!IGN 69/10 Metacritic 1000/100 Best game of the year ladies and gentlementsThis is basically L4D3FU.CKYOU VALVE 8=============D~~~~"
76561198006367771,Recommended,235540,18640182,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sometime Skub,I feel this game combies the best elements from the Left 4 Dead series and Warhammer lore.  I like the fact that each character has their own set of weapons giving them a different fighting style than just what weapons are picked up durning the level. Also the greater risk greater reward with picking up Tomes and Grimoires.
,Recommended,235540,18640621,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DESGAIZU,Great co op game in the vain of left 4 dead but with LOOT! and some nice rpg elements.
,Not Recommended,235540,20045851,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,sandwiches time,Overpriced for the clunkyness of the gameplay. Most of the challenge seems to be in memorizing the map and happening upon teammates that aren't terrible.
76561198125321351,Not Recommended,235540,19750207,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,- JkLamy,"This game is horrible for solo play, i recommend if you wanna buy this game have someone to play it with.Getting revived by AI game players just doesnt happen and will frustrate you when you need them the most.graphics and gameplay are pretty decent though, i have only played a few missions and the game itself seems very repetitive in the stages and there isnt a whole lot of variety when it comes to enemies"
76561197970875686,Not Recommended,235540,19744323,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Draknar986,"This game has a lot of good features, and could be a great game to play with friends.  However, because they haphazardly tried to make the game look ""cool"" with over exaggerated head-bob that you can't turn off, and an uncomfortable rotation style, on top of screen effects you also can't turn off, the game is quick to give you a headache, or downright nauseous.I waited for the next big patch to see if they addressed the issue before writing my review, but they didn't.  Between myself and 3 other friends, 2 of us can't play this game because of the camera style.  50% is a pretty terrible fail rate, and for a game designed around coordinated team-play with your friends I can't in good conscience recommend this game.  If it was just a solo campaign game, then sure, if it makes you sick just return it and I could rate the game based on mechanics (which would be positive).  Unfortunately, they took the wrong path when deciding the balance between realism/MarketingScreenshots and funfactor/playability. And the fact you can't turn those options off, like most other games? For a PvE game??  That's just downright laziness. Which means they are probably instead working on Pay For DLC."
76561198011665771,Not Recommended,235540,19475297,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gendor Skraivok,"Vermintide End Times is a game which will burn you out really quickly due to how similair every game will be (Sure enemy spawnings will be randomized but it does more to annoy and cause teamwipes than make the game interesting)The loot system is a problem in the early game where they have a list of 8 items (RANDOMLY CHOSEN) and you get to roll 7 D6's (which can be switched by doing optional things in the game, but it can be a punishment in disguise if you get a natural 2+ but want one of the early items in the list) and you better be the luckiest SoB to get anything of what you actally want.The free updates have done the loot system a bit better by making crafting a good option once you've unlocked: Quests, which in themselves can only be unlocked after having played every level at least once, which is a drag because of the type of people you may end up with. So after all this the loot system is still kind of bad, but at least they will give you extra things now instead of just throwing you pieces of bread.I do not recommend Vermintide because it is repetetive, the story is non-existant to the point where idle chatter in an elevator is everything, the loot system is horrible and does nothing to make the game replayable but rather to make the game longer than it has any right to be, you have no option to choose anything and have to hope that RNG is on your side.However if you want to play Left 4 Dead 2 with more interesting enemies, is more melee based and that actually has a type of advancements in weapon rewards (However you can't change weapons in-game) Then it might be worth it.And in the ending: If this game were better at making you get loot early, make quests as a starting thing (Or at least after the first three levels) and the quests were more balanced for the skills you had, it would still be very unrecommendable because of the multiplayer. If you solo anything over Normal you WILL lose and you cannot change it due to awful AI and a gameplay of throwing the kitchen sink at you, and if you go for mutliplayer option and don't have 3 friends you're bound to hate the game more times than it is worth."
,Recommended,235540,18638367,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ollie,Kill much rats. Fun
76561198155928098,Recommended,235540,26296022,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Flaxarold,"Reeeaaaaly nice game, the effects are beatiful, the blood is realistic (after you adjust it a litle bit), the precision of your hit are good and the environment are just cool and clear.Recommand it ;)"
76561197970004695,Not Recommended,235540,29070657,Posted: 6 January,all,Hovis,"It's kind of fun, though there are other games that do the same kind of things better. What's really putting me off it though is the grind for items. Far too much luck and repetition involved in order to get things you actually want and frankly the game's not -that- good that I'm wanting to repeat missions over and over in order to unlock gear that will allow me to repeat missions over and over in slightly different ways.Compare to something like Payday 2 for example, which is quite similar, you grind, you get some random stuff, some predictable/fixed stuff, skills and whatnot, and then you progress and can do different things with different weapons and skills. With Vermintide you complete a mission, have a random chance to get a random item for a random character, which you can trade in for lesser, random items if you don't like it. There's no sense of progress, there's no sense that you can work towards a 'build', you either find the lucky item or you don't. While I'm sure plenty of folks out there do have all their dream items, I bet they require a hell of a lot of grinding to get, and I'm not sure I'm on board for tens or hundreds of hours of the same thing.The game outside of this plays okay, I like it more than Left 4 Dead, but it's not good enough to warrant the sort of repeat play that you'd need to get all the shiny things and cool weapons."
,Recommended,235540,23177847,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,"So I have given the game an first hour of game time and it has delivered a expirience I will return to alot in the future.Its smooth; with no weird tweeking needed to the graphics and the fighting is really fun, (only played the dawrf so far)So yes Ill gladly recommend this title.For a solo experience of this sort like this game represents; I highly recommend getting ""Ziggurat"" on Steam."
76561198176026349,Not Recommended,235540,18809638,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Angrylol,♥♥♥♥♥♥ left for dead clone.
76561198073918361,Not Recommended,235540,18721718,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Danny Mcbride the Vagina Slayer,"Far to overpriced for what it is, short, unimpressive, and boring. Thank god for steam refunds"
76561198079661158,Not Recommended,235540,18842607,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,adam.triffid,"Bought this game purely because it was tagged as co-op as well as online co-op. Started the game to find it was online co-op only. Disappointing. Began playing, and the game crashed after less than a minute due to losing connection to steam. Very disappointing."
76561198014877377,Not Recommended,235540,18823659,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Arjy Yu,looks like this game is cheating against playersVERY bad dice rolls (for mission rewards)
76561198078571172,Recommended,235540,18551627,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ForSigmar,"Brilliant game so far even with just the three missions to play.Loads of fun with great graphics/gameplay.Looking forward to seeing what else it has to offer, if you like warhammer it's a must buy."
76561198019869617,Recommended,235540,18706500,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[NoSA]MADmax,OUI
,Recommended,235540,18605751,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ahnold,10/21/15 Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is not even out yet and its like crack. One of the best purchases of games I've ever done. Missions take long enough and are difficult enough where it doesn't get boring farming for the equipment. Also there is decent small amount of crafting. I'm sure there might be some other things they have in mind for the crafting system as well. Bottom line is I highly recommend this game. And I can't wait to see what its gonna be like on its release.
76561198015845189,Recommended,235540,18694387,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TheKrazyKayaKer,"A Most Excellent Game. Full of atmosphere and excitement. 11/10 if you are a warhammer fantasy fan, 10/10 if you are another type of human, 1/10 if you are a rat-man. I am looking forward to much more co-op violence from these guys in (hopefully) the near future!"
76561197962208308,Recommended,235540,18702649,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,G.G. Abrams,"Inspired by L4D.  However, it surpasses those games in nearly every way.  An emphasis on melee combat over ranged, automatic weaponry means there is less break in the action for reloading.  Plus the melee action has more depth than the old 'right-click-to-push-back' and 'left-click-to-swing-melee-weapon' formula.  There are side-steps, combos, blocking, off-hand weapons, classes, traits, loot, and charged attacks (which have different characteristics than the standard attacks), as well as pushing.This game is great fun, has a ton of replayability (way more than either L4D or L4D2 had when discounting the infinte replayability of versus), and has excellent audio and visual design."
76561198044417518,Recommended,235540,18703510,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kabloowey,"I honestly don't write reviews much, but this game is just that fun. Think of Left 4 Dead in a Bloodborne universe (in first person) and you have vermintide. I will admit it has a few hiccups like how you can play a level 10 times and not get any loot...but for $30 you won't find a better deal for the amount of hours you will pour into this game out of sheer joy of killing filthy rats, listening to the hilarious chats between the main characters and marveling at the combat system they've created. Anyways it's a good game so you should buy it...like now...why aren't you downloading bruh? BRUH?! JUST DOWNLOAD IT TRUST ME BRUH!! :D"
,Recommended,235540,18671972,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,VagrantWolf,"Here's my review of Vermintide after playing it for 8ish hours:If you're looking for an excellent co-op game that requires everyone participate and pull their own weight, with very little way of truly ""carrying"" baddies, this is a great game. It's made in the STYLE, but not the same game engine, as Left 4 Dead/Left 4 Dead 2, but is different enough to feel unique.The fantasy motif is extremely welcomed, because frankly there are just too many ""Here's a M4/AR-15, go kill things"" military ""simulator"" games out there. The banter between characters is awesome, and if you get a group of friends that play out the traditional roles (Such as dwarves not wanting help from elves), the antics are enjoyable.Currently, there are no dedicated servers, so the game is a bit unforgiving to those that decide to host with shoddy or unstable internet, or those that join those members. You might get to the end of a level, have 2 Grimoires (Increase the difficulty but give you drastically more experience), 3 tomes (increase experience), and 2 gold loot dice... Just to have the host d/c, and all your hard work is gone. Once dedicated servers go live (not sure if that's planned or not, couldn't find anything about it in a quick search of the web), that issue SHOULD be resolved, but until they it's a bit of a crapshoot unless you host yourself.Graphically, this game looks pretty dang great. It IS pretty resource intensive, but without any overclocking my CPU sits at around 50-60% while playing, with the game not even touching my memory or my GPU. I run it in 1920x1080 144hz with roughly 70-120 FPS at any given moment, even during hordes. The only thing that has bothered me is the PC's eyes are jet black and look like they should be in a horror movie.I would give this game a 8/10 currently, and if they fix the connection issues (if a host drops, just shuffling the host to the next most stable connection), I would bump that up to a 9/10. I have been having a blast playing it today, and look forward to many more hours with friends. If you don't own it and are looking for a good game to play with some friends, I highly recommend this as a selection."
76561197972146100,Recommended,235540,26414350,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"Fun game, well optimized, looks great. Requires teamwork. Not meant to be played solo. A few issues here and there but nothing game breaking - and nothing that distracts me from the fun!Essentially L4D in a fantasy warhammer setting. Feels great getting together with a bunch of friends and go against the swarms of enemies. Each character feels just different enough for a variety of experience. The levels are varied and look great. Might take about 4-6 hours to beat the story - but, like L4D, there's room for replayability: Loot more gear and items, and challenge yourself on the higher difficulties. 5 distinct characters to master (playing the game as the dwarf is a lot different than say the elf or wizard). I've enjoyed my 50 hours in the game - but probably won't get much more than that.Worth picking up if medieval L4D sounds appelaing to you."
,Recommended,235540,23279316,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Painless,"Game is very unoptimized atm, but it's fun with friends, i still do recommend it! Wait for a nice sale tho..."
,Recommended,235540,18672349,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Nuckalovski,Genuinely fun game. Awesome if you just want to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some rats
76561197960492754,Recommended,235540,18553859,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Phix - Shrike Mafia,"- Bought the Game- Realized I could play the game early- Brought 1 Human Adventurer with me.- Died on easy- Was more careful, successfully cleared easy- Died on Normal, multiple times- Brought another ally of the human variety- Died on Normal- Brought a full party of Humans- Victory was achieved- I rolled 1 of 7 loot die- I cried- Played second map on normal- Died- Tried again- Died- Tried again- Died- Cried- Played easy with 4 friends- Died to assassin- Cut my wrists- Canadian health system saved my life10/10 co-op L4D style, but much better game."
,Recommended,235540,22962175,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hiru,"This is a game with similar mechanics to l4d, but it has a great deal of diference at the same time, its true that this game lacks of more people playing it regularly, but if you have friends to play with there is not much stopping you to enjoy this.There are glitches and bugs here and there, but those are the normal ones to find in any game really."
,Recommended,235540,18896332,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lord Qudd,"Disclaimer: This was typed with a broken finger.I have a love hate relation ship with this game.   I've played through the campaign with bots and others online, and when the game works, its great!It's currently plagued by a few all too annoying bugs though.Let me explain.   If for some reason the connection drops and you lose a player, theres about an eighty percent chance the game will start the level over.  If the host quits, or drops, sometimes your entire party is disbanded and you find yourself back at the red moon inn.Lets talk about latency.  Eventually you learn your weapon's reach and timing to the point where you can kill hoards of rats without ever taking a blow, but if you're connected to a host thats super far away, or somewhere along the route your connection takes a squirrel tries to nest inside one of the CDN rooms, that timing will mean absolutely nothing.Loot is also a problem.  I dont mind the roll after matches, i think the tomes and grimories are a fair way to boost your odds of getting a decent roll.  I do however no longer feel thrilled when Im lucky enough to get an orange drop(highest tier) either by roll of the dice or fusing.  All you can do with an orange item is upgrade it.  you cant scrap it, you cant trade it.  So even if its horrible, (And believe me, some of them are) you are stuck with it.  You'll find yourself looking at it wishing you could just throw it away.Here are a few things I like about the game.  It's tense.  The atmosphere created by the music and hoardes of ratmen while you have good or bad teammates at your side will actually wake you up and pull you in.The Development team is extremely friendly and will even play alongside you if youre lucky enough to join one of their games.  Their names are green and theyll even finish a run with you before disappearing back into the fat shark shadows of mystery.In its current state, I definitely reccomend trying it out, but buyer beware:  The connection bugs and loot rolls that plague late game will turn you off eventually.  Fighting your way to the end of a level on catacylsm only to have the game decide to start you over because someone disconnected is the absolute worst feeling imaginable."
,Recommended,235540,23265729,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,njdevil2k2,i enjoy warhammer and it has somewhat of a good basis of a storyline.... however you must know this... stick with your team.... getting pwnd by assassin and hung kinda sux if you ask me .. and i have had a few time where the entire team abandoned me as well leaving me to die.... stick together and you will be fine.
,Recommended,235540,18686519,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Disodium,"Vermintide is a fun game that puts 4 players up against swarms of Ratmen itching to kill you.The game seems in some ways heavily influenced by Left4Dead.You can expect, Swarms, Special Ratmen and Crescendo's... and yes, they have a Rat TANK! :)*There is no Versus though, this is purely a PvE/Coop game.The game plays good, feels meaty and is aesthetically done really well.There is currently 5 classes in the game, each have their own unique gameplay mechanics and can be further customised through end of level loot drops of different items.Loot is handed out at the end should you complete your objective(s).Failing will only reward you a small amount of XP.Successfully completing a level will award you more XP, and add additional dices(If you got bonus loot dice, or are carrying books)Loot is handled via dice rolls.You roll some dice, the value of the dice raises the loot ladder level.A perfect roll will get you the top item, while a crap roll will net you a crappy low level item.Items are coloured in general RPG style, with white being basic, and orange being top quality.The game also has a crafting system of sorts, where you can fuse and break down items to unlock abilities and or just take a chance at a better item.This game is very Team orientated especially in the harder game skill levels.This is due to the numbers that the Rats attack in, you must work together and take advantage of bottlenecks.One person running off too far can be the catalyst for a team wipe quite easily especially if they are dragged away by a packmaster(think jockey).All in all, I think the game is great but it is a game you need to play with a good team to excel in as it is not as forgiving as other games."
,Not Recommended,235540,18681670,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Darkurai,Hanging rats are too OP. One of them glitched through a wall and pulled me.
76561198028650735,Not Recommended,235540,18843255,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Aldasar,"Boring, Repetitive, Unrewarding.It has decent gameplay for the first 10 minutes."
76561198068666800,Not Recommended,235540,25758176,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Abusive Bisuketto,I was excited to play this game but i can't find any australian players so its quite a letdown
,Recommended,235540,30374878,Posted: 7 March,all,Morrimurr,Killing rats has never been this fun
76561198121065204,Recommended,235540,30436901,Posted: 10 March,all,Spooklord,geam
,Not Recommended,235540,23898814,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Boon,"It can be fun with friends and you can end the game in about 6 hours.I had high hopes for this game because it looks promising.Graphic is great, concept is good but the game lacks a good storyline both for the game and the characters.Most importantly, it lacks awesome boss.It is almost an exact copy of L4D.I wouldn't recommend it if you are already bored of L4D."
,Recommended,235540,26436324,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dick McBastard,"Great game, I recommend it highly. Kill all the Ratmen!"
,Not Recommended,235540,34008432,Posted: 3 August,all,iconoblast,"I had encountered a lot of positive press before going into this game, and unfortunately that might have colored my experience and subsequent enjoyment. I was hoping for a game centered on melee combat to actually have weight-y, impactful blows but unfortunately all I found was a lackluster hack and slash experience. In addition, the prime thrust of the game - the loot - did not really serve to hook my interest."
,Recommended,235540,18728449,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Valkratoras,"Left 4 dead only better, much better."
,Recommended,235540,18917681,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Boipuccini,Shelf the Elf!
76561198028102081,Recommended,235540,18689935,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Thane,"This game is just great. Just buy it, i dont even need to explain why you should buy it, just go and buy it please."
76561198031157848,Recommended,235540,19020983,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ziljan,"Wasn't sure if it was going to be good or not, but I've had a great time so far.   The level designs are entertaining, and the battles are adrenaline inducing.  Usually I go in for PVP games, not coop PVE, but this game is challenging enough that working as a team is quite fun.  The banter between characters is surprisingly well done and situation appropriate.  And the art work is VERY well done.   My favorite classes to play are the Dwarf, the Elf, and the Bright Wizard.   Definitely worth the $30.  Would buy again.The only downside is that there are a few players who try to do gimmicks and terrain cheats which usually end in utter failure, but mostly people just want to have fun and support each other the way the game intended.  In my limited experience, my groups succeed every time they play a level with legitimate skill  But every time they try to cheat, they die anyway.  Which is good imo."
76561198027746694,Recommended,235540,22537704,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,manzzz,THIS GAME is freaking GREAT the game is all about teamwork and with out it you die aeeveryone has to be a part our you won't survive the hordes with tons of endless fun collection all the items is adictive there is a huge learning curve and the game takes skill but nothing is more fun then mowing down tons of rat men with your comrades to reach the end and fight till the end of times
76561197995954899,Recommended,235540,18512458,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Ben Assflex,"""In short, Vermintide feels like the much desired spiritual successor to L4D. Additionally, it's satisfyingly dark and grim.""Played as a hammer bro. Smashed some rat faces in. Got mobbed. Couldn't spam my way through. Experienced an actual challenge on the normal difficulty.Absolutely refreshing application of the 4-man co-op.Gameplay feels responsive and enemy death animations make it feel kinetic.Additionally, there's a moment in the prologue where you ride a elevator and see the scale of the map. Thank you. Thank you for reminding me I'm not just crawling through a dungeon with the same room after room.Replay value confirmed: the same mobs do not spawn each playthrough of a level."
76561198025573529,Not Recommended,235540,26562517,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Peen-san,This game is a solid 8/10 when you're playing with friends but if you ever make the mistake of playing by yourself you would have more fun drinking bleach than playing solo.
76561198010932212,Recommended,235540,18740144,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MaxBeef,"The game could easily be descibed as Left 4 Dead in a Warhammer setting.To me that is a good thing because I'm a huge fan of both, but it is so much more.I've played quite some Skaven in the tabletop, this game absolutely nails the atmosphere!Extreme attention to detail for the lore and the sound effects/music are spot on.There are some bugs that need fixing, but overall I love every second of it.At first I was afraid that the hack and slash would get repetitive soon, but the combat sytem itself and general tactics go deeper than you'd think at first glance.Because of the higher than average difficulty you're always on your toes.Even with more experienced players on voice chat there is always a chance to get wiped the second you get cocky (or unlucky with specials).The campaign is relatively short with 13 maps (Skaven lore strikes again), after that you repeat maps to get better loot for your favourite characters. For now this is still nonstop fun and excitement, but that will only last till you get good stuff for all characters.So on the part where this game will fail or succeed in the long run: MORE CONTENT!I'll turn to CapsLock once more when I say: VERSUS!Will need some heavy tweaking on certain specials, but it could be awesome.Extra maps/enemies/characters/loot are always nice.The enemies atm are almost all straight copies from Left 4 Dead, not a bad thing because they work.Looking at the lore though, there are interesting options to try some original units like the Ratling Gunner (once again lore love for letting it jam from time to time).For example: Jezzails (snipers), Verminlord (bossfight), Hellpit Abomination (bossfight), Plague Censer Bearers (I know Pestilens is on vacation, but they're just too awesome)But before I get to fullblown rambling, if you like co-op games and even remotely like the fantasy setting, get this now!9/10"
76561198008388415,Recommended,235540,18737623,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ameryth Valente,"Vermintide is incredibly immersive, due to delightfully reactive strikes and movements, to its verbalised advancement, and its first person perspective, despite repetitive levels and a limited number of characters with which players may express themselves.The game's most significant flaw, I have found, is its relatively tiny amount of content - there seem to be only a few types of weapons for each character, and there seem to be only a few randomised weapon features. Combined with very low chance loot rolls and only a handful of levels, Vermintide seems very small, though this is alleviated to some degree by randomised enemy encounters.Overall, I recommend the game highly to anyone who appreciates first person combat, or cooperative, team-based gameplay."
,Recommended,235540,29112360,Posted: 8 January,all,Buskanone,"> Started installing the game> Steam says, its going to take 5 days> Steam was wrong> it took only 2 days> Plays the game for 6 hours, enjoy it> Next day, Steam forgot that i installed the game and wants me to reinstall it10/10 would install for 2 days again"
,Recommended,235540,26419324,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Umiman,"The game is really fun (in a group). Also I notice that the dev team really put a lot of love (sometimes misguided) into the game. I mean, we're talking about a game where you can look at a character in game and see what direction they are looking at based on how their head has turned, see what equipment they brought along down to all their trinkets, and each character has collision detection so if you all decided to stand on top of a chandelier for some reason you can push each other off.It has some of the best melee combat in any game I've played bar the M&B / Chivalry style games. However, it's at least several factors more visceral than any of those games as there's so much meat and force behind your blows. When you wield that two handed axe and just cleave through hordes it feels UMPH! so good!The voice acting and visual style is great too. I like the characters quite a bit and have grown quite attached to my dwarf ranger. My team and I love hearing our characters banter over the games and we'll often quip stuff like ""shut up elf"" or something like that as we hear them talk. Also, elves suck♥♥♥♥♥♥those stupid namby-pamby tree-hugging too-perfect cream-faced worms.However, with all its pluses it has so many flaws. The loot system is dumb and too RNG with way too much grinding required. I mean, I'm a guy who likes Disgaea and Harvest Moon and all those kinda other worthless grinding games and even I think this has way too much useless grinding. It's because almost all the time your grind gives you completely garbage crap and you can't progress due to how you actually need useful stuff to do the higher difficulty levels. So you throw things on the forge and throw things in the altar but every single thing needs RNG and even the RNG rolls need RNG themselves. It's just so infuriating. Sure they added the new quest system to help alleviate some of that, and to its credit it does to a degree, but even that is more RNG for your RNG to RNG the RNG.And the game can get repetitive. I mean, it's obvious that it will because it's a L4D-style game. But it has to be said. I've lost count how many millennia I've spent climbing the stairs to the Horn of Magnus. How many centuries of my immortal life have I used ♥♥♥♥ing defending two worthless wells (why are they even there? Who puts two wells next to each other?).There are lots of other little quibbles too. Low playercount. Game is awful if you're alone. Bots are pants-on-head-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Difficulty just spikes all over the place. Lots of levels are just straight up mazes and are confusing. I don't actually like Skaven to begin with. Etc.At the end of the day, I'd probably only recommend buying it to people who have a good group willing to play it. However, I do recommend trying it during a free weekend because there is quite a lot to see and it's worth seeing at least once. You gotta do the two handed massacre at some point. It's just so good."
76561198048429127,Recommended,235540,18558671,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,JoshuaWilliams1964,legiiiiit
76561198120994368,Recommended,235540,23089853,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jjgg001,"Amazing game overall. Just grinding becomes a problem after awhile, because of lack of new missions and other content."
,Recommended,235540,18852868,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,cstkl1,Great game for the priceRecent patches are pretty good for bot and loot etc atm compared to launchButTheres still this unexplained drop in fpsalso this game heavily uses my cpu.. 4790k 4.8ghz (it can hit 90% usage)
76561198059071313,Recommended,235540,18657076,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ermey,"So what can I say about this game awesome would be the first word that comes to mind. This game doesn't do anything drastically new but every thing it does do it does right, the game sets the perfect atmosphere grim, dark perfect for warhammer. Very good voice acting on the characters with interesting banter between them. The combat has been done very well with attacks feeling they have some weight behind them (still when I play now and I cut a skaven in half it puts a smile on my face), parrys blocks and dodges all are essential to survive. But what I really like in this game is how much you you need to work as a team if you don't you will be punished (admittedly I do play in a full party with friends most of the time so i'm not sure how public play is). The loot system adds a nice aspect of replayability (who doesn't like getting new loot) though can be frustrating as it's mainly luck based though chance can be improved by picking up tomes etc in levels. The level design is very good with great atmosphere and look very nice. The enemies are good as well with good graphic and voice actng and variety and the most annoying spawns ever ;) they keep you consantly on your toes.Though the game is not without its flaws there are a few bugs and crash which I hope will be fixed  soon. There isn't much of a story in the game either though I wasn't really expecting one. The game could use dedicated servers ( I have heard they are being added).Overall I highly recommend this game the combat is just awsome and with the loot and level system there is some good replay value here for you and friends to enjoy hours of fun.May Sigmar guide your blade !"
,Recommended,235540,18671232,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,HoopyDrood,"My rating: 7/10You by now know that this game is L4D with a medieval fantasy flair--and that is LITERALLY what it is. In fact, it often feels more like a complete mod and reskin of L4D than it does an original game. This is not innately bad, however, but it does turn out kind of strange given the content.In L4D, you were one of four ""normal"" people trying to survive the zombie horde. It made sense when the sh*t hit the fan that you found it hard to survive. However, in Vermintide, you play as one of four ""skilled"" heroes whose entire reason for being in the situation they find themselves is because they are the only ones with the skill and courage to defeat the rat hordes. There is no one else (save for the inn keeper, whose Inn is protected by magic, thankfully) left--everyone else is either dead or just simply gone. This plays out well enough, as most rats you can kill with one to two hits, as expected. However, it gets a little iffy (for me) when you have the uncommon rats show up.The uncommon rats are akin to the uncommon zombies in L4D. In fact, all the attacks they do can be compared exactly to those in L4D. For example, the smoker and the Packmaster both grab you and drag you away from your party until your party interrupts him. While, again, not a bad thing, it's a little weird when you can't adequately defend against their special attacks, even though you are a stout and heavy dwarf carrying a giant hammer, or a mage with the ability to cast giant plumes of fire everywhere, and so on. The mechanics of these attacks on these types of characters in this kind of setting/genre doesn't seem to fit together and bothers me.The game plays well enough, with only a few realtively minor issues along the way. These included locking up my computer the first time I loaded the game and a strange issue where my game would appear to freeze whenever I stepped into a very specific spot. Both issues have only occured once each, and the former may not even be the game's fault. Other issues are small annoyances like glitching rats which cheapens some hits on you, and the like. Otherwise, the game has played smoothly, even at extreme settings (it auto selected High settings for me).One major feature that is nice is the loot system, which will be one of the main reasons you keep playing for hours. Common loot appears to be given after each personal level you obtain. After each map level that you COMPLETE, you roll dice for a chance to get loot. The more dice sides you get, the better loot you get. You can get ""better"" dice if players pick up tomes and special dice during the map level and finish with them in their possession. However, don't expect these items to give you too much more of an advantage as I've seen all but one special dice still come up with only one good side, granting me only common loot. That said, the weapons appear to be varied enough to be able to pick some favorites as you collect loot.In the end, I'd only recommend this game to anyone that likes L4D mechanics, but wants it all in a fantasy setting. If you didn't like L4D, you will not like this game."
76561197971239281,Recommended,235540,18675944,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,2 Hot 2 Handle,"Yes im a huge Warhammer fan and yes if your a Warhammer Fantasy fan you shut be playing this no more no less, first game ever to make me feel like im actually in that world. And for a lore fan and figure player as myself this game just does it for me. Love it,Only down side so far is if you dont have 4 friends to play with but less can doo it, Not all puplic players are loot horny or bad."
76561197993288099,Recommended,235540,18665900,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Yourichi,"Good game, but only if u have a good group of 2-3 friends playing("
76561198051633181,Recommended,235540,18669359,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,EPICpanda65,"First game I ever played, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a Rat-orge. 10/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by rats again!"
,Recommended,235540,18677130,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"If you've played Left 4 Dead, you'll almost immediately have a certain level of familiarity when you start playing. You might notice one enemy pouncing a player rapidly, and you have to strike that enemy off of your team mate. You might also notice one that grabs a team mate and pulls that team mate away, around corners and such so you have to chase them to rescue your team mate. You'll notice glowing outlines of players through walls, and even two levels (that I've seen so far) where your entire goal is to gather items spread throughout the level and bring them back to the escape vehicle. Most of the levels have you going from A to B and swarms (hordes) of enemies will come at you randomly. The list goes on. However, if you enjoyed Left 4 Dead, you would likely enjoy this game.There are plenty of differences between this and Left 4 Dead, however. Vermintide's melee combat immediately springs to mind. Although you can kill enemies with ranged weapons, most of the characters will be doing a -lot- of fighting up close and personal, including blocking, shoving while blocking, changing your position during small skirmishes to land hits and avoid them, and learning when the perfect moment it to perform a mid-range kill with your ranged weaponry, quickly switching back to melee for a block. You can even do a little quick movement left/right/back similar to Dying Light, which can help you avoid hits from enemies whose attacks would otherwise break through your defenses.Four players can be in the game at once, and only one instance of each character can be in your game, but there are 5 characters. If someone has your character, you will need to choose between the remaining characters. This game doesn't really have a ""Rochelle"" character (i.e. one that is completely useless and everyone hates), so it's fun playing the different characters and trying different weapon loadouts.Speaking of loadouts, you will start the game with very little gear. However, each time you level up (supposedly there is no level cap), you get a free piece of loot, and every time you beat a level, you get to roll dice for loot. The quality of your loot is determined by dice rolls, and you use different kinds of dice based on the level you just finished. This adds a new level of depth that it'd be fun to see the Left 4 Dead series adopt, or makes me want it to innovate with adding something really fresh to the series, at least. It's fun learning the levels and where to find the secrets to improve your loot quality, and playing on a higher difficulty gives a higher quality loot pool to base your dice rolls on. Playing on normal was netting me white items and occasionally green items, so I beat two levels on hard and got a green item and a blue item (same quality order as Borderlands games). I don't think there is purple gear, but it looks like orange gear would be possible to obtain on the higher difficulties (there are 2 above hard!).You might think ""What if I get several copies of the same weapons?"" Well that's pretty awesome, because there's a forge at the inn (safe zone you can vote to load after winning/losing a level), where you can either break down the weapon into parts you can use to upgrade certain weapons, -or- you can ""fuse"" five weapons together to create a new weapon of the next level of rarity (5 white turn into 1 green weapon, or 5 green weapons turn into 1 blue weapon). The resulting weapon is random, but if you fuse 5 of the same weapon, you'll get the next level of quality for the -same- weapon. The only thing random will be the upgrade trait you can apply to it afterward.Killing the enemies is quite satisfying and each character has enough differences to make if fun trying different ones. This game is so unexpectedly fun and challenging. If you think it's too easy, kick up the difficulty. My blood runs cold even considering ""cataclysm,"" the game's highest difficulty, because hard is pretty tough, and going for the best loot means deliberately picking up hidden items that will drop the whole team's max HP down to about 25%, so it gets reeeeally nasty even on lower difficulties! I highly recommend it thus far and look forward to seeing more players online."
76561197970886662,Recommended,235540,18705162,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kombat,Fun fighting
76561198074587713,Recommended,235540,31695525,Posted: 11 May,all,El Solo Lobo,Damn its like l4d but better i did not even like l4d that much l4d is sht
76561197998687087,Recommended,235540,24326229,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ragni Skeletron,"Get a move on dori.It's time to kill some ratmen, so grab your guns and axes and get to slaying.I dont know very much about this version of warhammer, i know mostly about warhammer 40K.But anyways, this game is great, however it can be brutally unforgiving at times and holy hell those giant rats are tough."
,Recommended,235540,18635897,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,"it starts off in a desert barren land, and you walk into this house or you choose to, and theres this wine thing and like, you drink it, and it does the scrolling up thing like when you read a letter in an RPG you know? then it goes on forever then you hear a crash and it cuts back and theres a broken wine glass on the ground and theres like this shrill scream, and you inspect it and it plays some like ""gotta get to the bottom of this"" music, you know? its just funny"
76561197967797909,Recommended,235540,18540802,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Dude Abides,early beta access nice... community not so nice to newbies. How can you learn when you get votekicked...
,Recommended,235540,18531018,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Wilson [MG],Found my new favorite 4-man co-op game!
,Not Recommended,235540,24099905,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,M. Night Shama-lama-ding-dong,"I love this game but I can't recommend it at current state;+ L4D with rats+ Fun co-op+ Every characters are quite unique+ Equipment customization+ Atmospheric, it's Warhammer!- Bots AI can be extremely stupid sometimes- Not enough mission variety- Buggy as hell- Keep crashing- Terrible RNG loot systemThis game should have stayed as Early Access at current state, it felt too rushed..."
,Not Recommended,235540,24162305,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mad Martigan,"Ill be honest. I got this game on Summer sale for 14.99. I still dont feel like the value is there.Its basically L4D with Chivalry melee mechanics, but even thats being generous, as you have only two options of melee attack, quick slash or charged slash/stab. And there is no linear campaign. Its just levels in no particular order and it leaves me wanting.Ranged combat is only usefull with 2 of the characters and only in certain circumstances as you have very limited amunition and its a horde game for christ sake, to top it off some of the ranged weapons are entirely useless.At least in Chivalry you can control the arc of your swing with directional controls. this is just swing back and forth and is quite repetetive.The dodge mechanic is all but useless as rats can hit you from 10 feet away. The content is seriously lacking. This should be a free to play game but they are charging $30 retail and half the DLC is $5. which is BS because this game is not worth $40 with the abysmall amount of content even with the DLC.Missions are repetetive and boring as hell. Its all carry this barrel/grainbag to this location while fighting of random horde spawns. The only thing original about this game is its setting.The reward system for missions is a joke. Roll dice and under the whims of RNG you get a weapon, likely for a character you have no intention or desire to use. The upgrade system is completelyrandom too. Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that was a good idea?All in all it just gets too repetetive. I was excited to play this after watching the trailers for it. It looked like an immersive FP melee campaign with a story attached.It isnt immersive, the combat isnt satisfying. I had had enough after a few hours of playing. Unless you REALLY liked L4D and are a diehard WH40K fan steer clear of this game."
,Not Recommended,235540,26459000,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Misery,"I like Warhammer universe and wanted to give this game a try ever since I watched one of the videos while browsing Steam store via my phone. I thought ""Cool, now let's play it with friends and have lots of fun"" however the game didn't match my expectations.I believed the game would appear to me like Warhammer themed adventure, instead I witnessed L4D clone (blatant one) within Warhammer universe with lots of bugs and also bad hitboxes and absolute abscence of PvP mode. Now, don't get me wrong the game has fine scenarios and should be fine to play with a couple hours but it gets boring pretty quick. It also features gear grind too keep players playing and I always felt that is a bad strategy.I really tried to like this game enough to keep playing but the way it introduced itself left very pedestrian taste."
,Recommended,235540,26430874,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sheville,Every fun version of Left 4 dead
,Recommended,235540,19573933,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sneezing Chinese Cartoon Girl,Near perfect simulation of the current European migrant crisis.
,Recommended,235540,18806085,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Aaron,"TL;DR: Left for Dead with swords, and that's a compliment.So after playing a fair amount I can now say that this game is a blast. Seeing how this is a Left for Dead clone and everyone knows it, I will simply discuss what sets this game apart from the game series we all know and love.First and foremost it's the melee combat. This game is all about it, and even though there are ranged-focussed classes as well, melee remains an unavoidably large part of the game. And it works well enough. I am kinda missing the option to differentiate between strikes (instead of light/heavy they could have gone full chivalry and made left-swing/right-swing/overhead/stab attacks), but the hit detection and feedback are awesome. I am especially enjoying the dwarven hammer, which gives a satisfying thump and will bounce off armored targets but just sweep lighter targets along. The feedback is phenomal and feels brutal. Swords were a tad less over-the-top, but they still feel sturdy and hard-hitting. Also blocking. Whereas in L4D you have to shoot infected before they can even hit you, there is no such ranged option in Vermintide. Blocking, shoving and dodging are essential to prevent being damaged. This makes large hordes and being surrounded particularly dangerous, as you cannot block all around you, and you can't dodge anywhere when there's rats everywhere. It makes it all feel a lot more engaging than just mindlessly blasting the hordes. It makes staying together even more important, as a good group of commons can and will kill you, and in L4D I didn't even see commons as a threat.Then there's the five classes, which all have a unique role. There's a crowd-focused melee, a single-target melee, an allrounder, a crowd-focused ranged and a single-target ranged. Collectible loot gives some flexibility in the role a character has, and of course all the character have the ability to fend off hordes, some are just better at it than others. The loot system will drop you a single weapon after each mission based on a dice roll (yes, literally a virtual dice roll), with some items scattered around each map that give better chances for rare ones, and grimoires that lower max hp for the rest of the mission in return for a fairly hefty boost to your odds. Failing a mission, however, nets you nothing.The enemies are virtually the same as in L4D2, there's commons, armored ones, and a range of specials like the spitter, stalker, smoker and tank. Of course all reskinned as rats. They do the same job as the ones in L4D2, force teamwork. If you stray too far, a packmaster will simply sweep you up and hang you. But I feel the rats are a welcome change in the zombie-ridden gaming scene. I like having a horde game with more inspired characters than your every-day zombie. Speaking of inspired characters, this game does a phenomal job of bringing the Warhammer lore and universe to life. The characters have clear personalities that are reflected in each line of dialogue and there's a clear story for every mission. There's not really a story mode, but it's more like an overarching story and a bunch of lore interwoven in the individual missions. Combined with some ridiculously gorgeous levels this game does suck you into its universe. The detail even comes back into some cool weapon discriptions and cosmetic description, though sadly the background on weapons is reserved for the rarest ones.Some of the less awesome parts of this game, however, have to be the fact that the game is very short if you wouldn't replay it (hence the 30 dollar price tag I suppose). With 13 missions that aren't much longer than 30 minutes at best, and some missions being only a few minutes, about 5 hours would be enough to see it all. You'd have to be the kind that seeks a challenge on the more insane difficulties to really get your value out of this one. The fact that more difficult mission yield more interesting loot will help with that. There's also the fact that matchmaking is rather dumbed down (though it covers the basic options) and the fact that the inventory and crafting system are represented with a forge and your storage chest. Perhaps this is keep immersion up, but it is also less functional than a good old menu. Now you'll have to virtually walk, which is tiresome. Another minor gripe is that while playing, the busy streets and weird architecture combined with the in-style HUD can't help but slightly disorient you and have you lose your overview. L4D did an amazing job of making clear what you have to do and what the team's status is, Vermintide is just a little less in that regard. However, you will get used to it to the point where you'll barely notice it once you start to learn the levels.Gameplay-wise my major gripe is the 'a.i. director', which is also taken from L4D and 'intelligently' spawns enemies and hordes. I found that on occasion, he was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Though he is essential to keeping the replays actually worth playing, he can also pull the most enfuriating and unavoidable ♥♥♥♥. He has to be there, but he has to be smarter. Spawning a rat-ogre on a cliff-walk is not okay. Neither is spawning a suicide bomb on us just as we're getting in the escape vehicle. Then finally, the mission length and difficulty are wildly irregular. One mission can be a 30-minute adventure while another is a 3 minute cake-walk. They all look awesome and they have a varied setting though, some taking place underground or in the woods, others in the city, at the docks etc. I never found myself bored with the scenery, it all has a very grim and gritty vibe to it that actually brings across the end-world feel.So, in total, this game is well worth the 30 dollar price tag for anyone who enjoyed L4D or anyone who enjoys hitting vermin with metal. Qualitatively it's still a step below L4D, but not a large one, and it's uniqueness is a welcome change. Judged as its own game, this stands well above the average with one of the best co-op experiences combined with a super cool setting, and I can only hope that in these uncertain days of gaming, the devs will continue to support and care for their community. Adding in some more maps in the form of paid DLC would be most welcome, but let's not turn into Overkill Studios. Please. I have trust issues.Aaron's score card score: 81. Forged in the pits of hell to bring suffering to the mere mortals.2. Wouldn't look out of tone in Guantanamo bay.3. Probably slightly more fun than seeing your dog get run over.4. A testament to the developer's repugnance towards gaming as a concept.5. A digital expression of apathy.6. Average, slightly entertaining albeit somewhat bland video-game.7. Worthwhile if you have spare time that needs filling8. Very entertaining from start to finish9. Digital euphoria10. If heaven is real, it's just a bunch of computers with this game loaded onto it."
76561197983131478,Recommended,235540,26313761,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,loki1944,Crazy good fun and that fur is amazing. A great successor to L4D2 with snazzy and challenging gameplay. A phenomenal co-op game.
,Not Recommended,235540,21978504,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Monsieur Raven Wings,"Pros:+Skaven+Specials+Multiplayer+Interesting gameCons:-Neverending hordes-Virtually impossible to finish missions on any difficulty higher than normal-Spears that take a 1/3rd of your health-A loot system that is so ridiculous horrible, you're very unlikely to ever get anything useful-A crafting system that is so weird, you'll wonder why it's even worth using-So much luck-based content, that you're going to rip your eyes out-The AI Director. HATES. YOU. WITH. A. PASSION.-Virtually no limit on special skaven; closest comparison? L4D2: 3 boomers, 2 hunters, 4 spitters, 2 tanks-You're rarely ever going to get the talents you want on your items-Unless you can somehow see 360 degrees around you, you're going to die on any difficultyNotes:I love Warhammer. I love Skaven. But, this? This game makes me want to rip my eyes out and eat them. I cannot tell you how many times I lost, just because of how many specials there were at one moment. The crafting is extremely luck-based, you're going to be wondering when you'll get what you really wanted. I do like this game, it's creative, it's fun- when the glorious AI Director doesn't smite you down with 3 gatling gunners, 2 globadiers, a gutter runner and a rat ogre.Devs. Please. Fix this game, and I will give you my undying love."
76561197961561999,Recommended,235540,22275293,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,rickybobby,It's ok.
76561198075253197,Recommended,235540,23222313,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Arieswar,"This game Is the best ive played in years, It has that epic Co Op Feel that most games just fails at big time.Pros:+Effects and Visually it blows ur mind.+First person bad♥♥♥♥♥the combat is superb and hectic+Enemies or should i say hordes has good AI when it comes to suprise you+Secrets and Dices u just have to find+Superb Weapon system, upgrades rare epic♥♥♥♥♥♥is crazy+Objectives they are both engaging and fun to masterCons:-Armors??? would love to see more dresses for my favorite hunter-No marketplace as in no tradible drops or hoarding fun (I actully like this alot) so no steam inventory :((( I think that if this was added they could make more content where its needed.-Short Campaign and lack of story i wish there where more of story, who are the guys u play why and so on should be part of any game right? well reading about em is not the same as getting it ingame just saying.-Rolling dice in the end of everygame and getting bad rolls sux, maybe make it a bit easier since now its hard as hell to get a good roll.All in all I might change this review as it develops further but as of right now its well worth the Asking price.7/10 totall score from me i would like to see more.. Story,Drops,Marketplace,Steam inventory and trading hint hint."
76561197971024444,Not Recommended,235540,18843524,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,zhuffe,Its pure♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it...
76561197977595226,Recommended,235540,23276163,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Spirokeat,"What a fantastic game. Thoroughly enjoyable, fast paced, slick. loving it. It uses the source engine really well and takes it's inspiration from L4D."
,Recommended,235540,23273957,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,paulodell,Wicked game!Left4Vermin!
76561198073397342,Recommended,235540,26271909,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rudabaugh,"Big YES from me, love Warhammer.Still fun after 300+ hours.Collector edition for 150 nok is a steal..."
76561198051711219,Not Recommended,235540,29432332,Posted: 22 January,all,cervelan,"unless you like grinding , there is virtually no progression in this game due to the very poor treasure drop rate the d6 rolling for treasure are not d6 the number of successes they give indicate a d8 maybe even a d12 which visually and emotionally for the teams of players is really poor.The  game runs well (apart from picking up companions which is bugged badly) but they obviously had rubbish beta and alpha testers or didn't listen to their players. Its very definetly for people who are unemployed and have nothing else to do with their lives.  for a warhammer game its really poor. 3/10 all the points come from the atmosphere and graphics in the scenarios.Also for a game of this price and supposed calibre there are not enough maps so you will be grinding the same maps hundreds of times to get anywhere."
,Recommended,235540,35241391,Posted: 27 September,all,Rakogri,10/10 Bad Rats Remake.
,Recommended,235540,30347154,Posted: 5 March,all,MoonLightWolf,"This Game is Worth 30$, Its fun to play with friends its like Left 4 Dead but better, this game is worth your money if you ever think of buying this game you should."
76561198083257228,Recommended,235540,18517086,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cpt PikPik,Sigmar preserve us :D
76561198050377620,Recommended,235540,18510123,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,angelious94,"its almost a copy of left 4 dead, except focus is on melee combat rather than ranged.its good if you love the verse, nothing grieveously bad as far as i have seen."
76561198097997475,Recommended,235540,22979024,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,☭Дмитрий☭,AWESOME
,Recommended,235540,20049891,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jimbo,"This game is honestly really good.It starts off being simple visceral fun as you hack awful rat-men to pieces, but as you go, you learn new mechanics, strategies, and playstyles, and as you get higher quality gear, they begin to have their own gimmicks that can further add to the uniqueness of your play.In my opinion, killing the Skaven is more fun than killing zombies because the Skaven have personalities and talk, and they act as an actual force rather than canonically being without intelligence like in Left 4 Dead. As such, it makes it much easier to truly hate the Skaven, and that much more pleasurable to cut them in half with greataxes.The only gripe I have is that the game does have a few bugs that can potentially ruin everything, if the stars align. However, Fatshark aren't a bunch of dirtbags, so they're still fixing things and adding new content every now and then."
76561198011983862,Recommended,235540,18673410,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Conker the Squirrel,"Like Left 4 Dead except the enemies don't feel like you're ripping through paper. Melee is actually fun, there's an incentive to play harder levels, class-based characters, loot system, levelling up...Pretty much everything L4D could've been if Valve was a decent developer."
,Not Recommended,235540,20768642,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Iustus Lannister,"The game is great, but developers are lazy and instead of fixing the bugs, they just add new and new ones. At some point the game was even unplayable. Also poor optimization."
76561198041718829,Not Recommended,235540,28929166,Posted: 1 January,all,Peon Greyjoy,"It's a great game, fun with friends despite it clearly being a reskin of Left 4 Dead. Graphics are solid and the controls responsive. However, due to the game's tendency to randomly make you resatrt a level for a ""connecton error"", which can often be up to 30 minutes, is incredibly frustrating. So, if you're internet connection is anything less than perfect, I'd be cautious about buying this game.. unless you're willing to retrace your steps time after time."
76561198021056593,Recommended,235540,18672348,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dorkly Dreaming,"Rats, loot, online co-op and L4D style combat in melee.  Sweet."
,Recommended,235540,18661367,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Renard,Worth. Full. Price.Nuff said.
76561198032767908,Recommended,235540,18665306,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lil Windex,"Realistically, if you've played chivalry or L4D, and liked either of them...  You'll get some enjoyment out of this game.  Alternatively, any fan of the Warhammer Fantasy universe should certainly pick this up.Deceptively difficult and exciting.  My one and only gripe is lack of customization.  They may come out with alternative skins but I was surprised to see no information about a Warrior Priest or Priest of Ulric (AKA the obvious choice for a melee character).It's a petty complaint and it doesnt really matter a whole lot, but adding armors into the loot table and taking a more ""diablo"" approach to the already RNG dependent loot system would be very cool."
76561198005358671,Recommended,235540,18635257,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dugz,yes-yes!!! play-play man things!!!!
,Recommended,235540,18650085,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Oxy,"If you're afraid of rats, I wouldn't play this game. There's a lot of rats.Not the kind that will tell your mum that you nicked some money out of her purse kind of rat either.Good melee combat, improves on L4D format.WARNING: CONTAINS RATS."
76561197964284395,Not Recommended,235540,20404012,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ozolz,If you want a game with one meaningful loot per 40 matches buy this.And extra spice blue screen regularly.
,Not Recommended,235540,20269927,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mayor McAnus,im disapointed in the game..it was extreemely fun...but the thing was...the rats clip through the floor frequently. IF youcan find other players to play with the game play is fun.but you will mostly be sitting in a lobby waiting for somebody for 30+ minutes.or you can play with bots ...that are absolutely horrible....ps the couple hours i have on file with this game...ive beat it twice...so just a heads up.its alot of money for and extremely short game...i wouldnt recomend unless you got 30 bucks to throw on the ground and watch it blow away.
,Recommended,235540,18654135,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Secret AZN Man,"I have only played the Prologue thus far. Entered a public lobby with random people and played as the Bright Wizard.First Impressions:It's Left 4 Dead with Warhammer lore.Similarities:Cooperative team play versus hordes of enemies. There are special enemies that can incapacitate a player requiring assistance from a team member. If you have played Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2, these special enemies will be familiar. There is even a rat ogre in place of the tank. You can carry a medpack in the form of a potion or healing bandages. There are bombs in place of pipebombs. Instead of adrenaline shots, you have speed or strength potions. Even familiar phrases such as, ""Ammo here"", are intact in the form of, ""Ammunition here"".Differences:No versus mode. There are different classes with different playstyles. I have only played the Bright Wizard so far. Your hero can be equipped with different items and weapons. Each class does have a melee option and a ranged option.Conclusion:I think this will be a fun game to explore and play especially if you have some friends that are also picking up the game."
,Not Recommended,235540,19584638,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cusser,"I love this game. Pity no one ever plays it anymore. It's too hard-I'm tired of trying to beg my friends to play this with me. I can't blame them. It has turned into an epic grind-fest of the first couple of levels. It might have been more encouraging to play other maps if there were some kind of reward for story progression. I know one might argue that the game is only hard if you suck, but here's the thing- I freely admit that I do suck. I am not the best gamer out there and I know it. So if I'm playing on ""easy"" as I should, I should still be able to finish the game right? I mean people who play on easy should not have to face such daunting challenges that all their other sucky friends end up salty after a wipe. I miss playing this though, I enjoyed it very much."
76561198052319239,Not Recommended,235540,20270937,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Peekachu,"Not bad, but not good, either. Controls are finnicky. The lack of a 3rd person option (it's co-op, not competetive), and the limited FoV makes for a claustraphobic and annoying experience. The game generates an ungodly amount of heat/ workload on a 980TI, and certainly doesn't look hotter than Crysis, so I'm guessing its unoptimized. Oh, and SLI is broken and inefficient. Storyline is sparse to non-existent.It has the potential to be a decent game. I'll keep an eye on it's progress and check back in a few months. In it's current state, I'd give it a ""pass""."
,Recommended,235540,18526438,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SimplyDandy,"Its Left 4 Dead, but with rats and rpg elements.No Rochelle too."
76561198005146478,Recommended,235540,18544715,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Iperitas[SK],"State that it is currently in it should be free to play.  I recomend it but only with lower price tag. Something like 5 €It is good game I enjoy playing it, but there is too little content in it. More options for character customisation, skills leveling. They practicly made mod for L4D just with rats, so they coud be little bit more inovative."
,Recommended,235540,18555110,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Scaryhunter,"Nice Game, if you like Left 4 Dead games then this is a must have !"
,Recommended,235540,24690495,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SushiTrash,This game is one of thouse games you can sit down and play with your freainds for hours on end with out it getting boring. This is one of the few games i have that costs $30 in my steam library and trust me it is well worth the price or the game!!!This game is one of the few games that i can say relates back to my childhood and haveing such a nistalgic feel to itThis is one of my few complaints i ran the game for the first time and it said lowest settings. Now this is very odd becouse i have a 1070 16 gigs of ram and a 5.0 prosseser. So i decided to put it in the higest wich is meant for 4k ultra nice gameing rigs and i didnt go lower than 120 fps the whole time of me playing.Recap: good game gives me the fells of childhood. Fix the auto detect settings lol
,Recommended,235540,18935662,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sleepy Nap,Sliced Ratmen in half with fire bolts. 10/10 would get rekt by ogres again.
76561198077222801,Recommended,235540,19042512,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DYN DIM ACSIWN,Absolutely fantastic horde style co-op game. IMagine left 4 dead but really really satisfying and with a loot system that doesn't instantly make you a god but adds enough progression to keep you interested. Quite intensive though so be wary if you're running a low end PC
76561197970952324,Recommended,235540,18754267,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Barahur,"Left 4 Dead with Skaven instead of the undead set in the Warhammer universe with magic, satisfying melee weapon combat (think War of the Roses/Chivalry), blunderbusses and bombs. The best part? It's hard and you will lose a lot of games unless you work as a team. It does NOT hold your hand. If you play solo, your team will die. There is also a leveling system and crafting/upgrade system.This is definitely worth buying for any Killing Floor, Chivalry/War of the Roses, Left 4 Dead and Warhammer fan out there."
76561197972851779,Not Recommended,235540,26670133,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Banokles,"I am giving this game a negative review only due to the developers complete lack of fixing game breaking bugs.I cannot progress in the game due to 2 major crashes that appear to be common for everyone.first is a straight forward crash to desk top and the second is a super speed issue, everything goes into super speed and the game cant be played, you die in seconds when this happens, one of these happen at least once every 2 games i set or join, i have a system capable of running much better that what this game can give, so i know this is not the problem.these 2 crash issues have been happening for the last few months, they have been acknowledged by the developers but nothing has been done.The loot system is terrible, at the end of each game you roll a number of dice, the more you score the better your loot, however if you think you have a chance for rolling to get the top items, good luck, never happens.The game is very short but has decent replayability.The gameplay is actually very good.very smooth and looks fantastic with everything maxed in detail.very satisfying fighting style.the game does have single player, but in reality this is pointless unless your happy to stay with the green or blue quality loot.If you can get the game on a very high discount, then its worth it, but at full price, save your money and get something else, at least for now."
,Recommended,235540,18893167,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sadius the Corruptor,I get to live out my fantasy of killing hundreds and thousands of furries
,Not Recommended,235540,21054478,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,kolas,"This game is like Left for dead, but lacks something in gameplay. Its pretty boring."
76561198042526886,Recommended,235540,21068716,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Scott Bowinkle,"Frustrating, yet fun. It's the love child of gambling in CS:GO with the onslaught of enemies from L4D2. For 23-30 dollars, it's definitley worth it."
76561197993030574,Not Recommended,235540,21103731,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GATTUSO,"Only buy if you can play a full team of friends. There are so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people playing this game that totally takes away the fun sadly. That's how the community looks however.Other than that the game is good and entertaining. I would have enjoyed it more if the general community had been better at the game instead of sabotaging every single game where difficulty starts to rise a little. So a + if you're gonna have friends available to play with at all times, and a - if you want to play with randoms every now and then."
76561197960802490,Not Recommended,235540,20403053,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MasterZar,How is this game not still in Early Access? This is really what we pay for as a complete video game now? God the glitches. Do you want a game with awful game mechanics ie falling off hidden ledges that everyone hated in L4D mixed with glitches that make it even worse? Well this game is for you. Hold E to help your companion while this moron is dangling with both hands but can't pull himself up. Do you help him up every time? No sometimes you pick both his hands up and throw him over the edge. WHY?? BECAUSE THAT'S THE COOLEST GLITCH EVER!Post Edit: Yes I'm still playing. I haven't hit my decapitation quota for the day.Final Edit: This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ If you want to grind endlessly for absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥gear go play it. 7 dice to roll from in 90% of my runs and I rarely get anything above a white item. This game is garbage don't waste your time. So sad too. The graphics and concept could be so good.
,Recommended,235540,18648574,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sir. Pizza Combo,"Fun, especially if you have 3 other friends to play it with."
,Recommended,235540,18698887,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Luis Sc,"Played 12 minutes of it, so far.It feels a lot like L4D2, backeth in timeth of thy kings.This is very good."
,Recommended,235540,18653786,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,alsats (Aldorn),"Brilliant. As you will hear again and again, its warhammer meets Left4Dead. As with most co-op games its certainly the kind of game you will get more enjoyment out of if you are playing with friends."
76561198151576394,Recommended,235540,18704068,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,UKzZ FuZiioNz,new to warhammer games but it is very good!
76561198021950917,Recommended,235540,33616274,Posted: 17 July,all,NitroG,The gear grind in this game RUINS this game. it's a 10 out of 10 with the worst loot system I think i've ever encountered. want a new weapon for your class? well good luck having any kind of control over that for about 10 missions minimum. then you start working on quests which seems to be the only way to get anything decent at all. but they are basically (do x mission on nightmare or harder) ect ect. so basically you need gear to get gear and the gear you get comes so slowly it may make you hate the game for your inability to even survive in harder difficulties. I don't even have a bow that can one shot enemies even on a charge shot unless it's a head shot on nightmare...that's rediculous. I guess I do have one bow that does but since it's a poision cloud and my teammates complain I do damage to them with it. it's pretty well out...oh there is another lovely and completely stupid addition...friendly fire...yeah that always works out well in coop games...
76561198048118139,Recommended,235540,18650680,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sgtcuddles,"I think this game is good, but it looses its fun after about 30 hours. They could have made this much more fun. the whole ""each play through is different"" is kind of a joke. it all feels the same. and after 35+ hours of playing I still have junk gear. the game is too basic, the pure hack n slash gets old quick. if they added more mobility through the battlefield like better jumping mechanics and actual class skills I think this game would be much bette"
,Recommended,235540,18539575,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Katar,"Very Fun game, if I could describe it my worlds would probably be 'difficult but fair'.  Warhammer Vermintide is an action co-op game in which you and a couple of your friends get together and battle hordes of giant rats called Skaven while trying to complete objectives and gather loot before you eventually escape at the end point.And don't worry, even if you're not a fan or know anything about the Warhammer Universe (like me) you can still very much have fun with this game. Prior knowledge about lore is not required. Just think of it as a fantasy styled Left 4 DeadPROS- Melee combat is some of the best feeling in a game that I've played in a while. Blows feel 'meaty' and weapons frequently stop when they hit something that makes it feel really realistic almost like you're hitting something with a real weapon.- Ranged Combat feels great also with a wide array of crossbows/rifles/pistols/shotguns for you to choose from. I've always been a fan of games where guns can co-exist with bows and arrows and this game fills that perfectly. Blowing apart a horde of Skaven with a shotgun feels powerful, while covering a teammate transporting an explosive barrel with a bow and arrow feels rewarding.- The sound direction for this game is surprisingly well done. Some of the soundtrack when a Skaven horde is about to show up sounds down right terrifying at some points, and I was actually surprised at how well everything fit together.- Do you like magic? There's a class for that. Do you like ranged combat? There's a class for that. Do you want to have a good mix of both melee and ranged combat? There's a class for that. You can really choose how you want to play and I really liked that. Also, there can only be one of each class in a game, which I liked as a small little touch to encourage diversity in every game.- The loot system adds a lot of replayability to an already replayable heavy game. Completing a game and then rolling for your loot only to get a rare rifle or hammer is sure to surge anyone’s gambling addiction.CONS- Some optimization issues, but at the time of this review the game is currently in beta so the devs will probably iron these issues out- Some issues with bugs (I've had 3 games now where someone has gotten stuck on something)- Difficult (may or may not be a con, but you will need teamwork to survive)"
76561198027850262,Recommended,235540,18621733,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DocMcStuffin,Best giant rat killing simulator 2015.
,Recommended,235540,18621685,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RuneGrey,"If you liked Left 4 Dead and ever dreamed of a more melee based version, this is the game for you.  While not the deepest or best looking game, Vermintide hits all the right notes - and provides an interesting evening of gaming with friends."
,Recommended,235540,31551328,Posted: 4 May,all,Tone,buy it now
,Recommended,235540,18673869,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shively,"Found a rats' nest.  Slaughtered about two hundred of 'em.It's like whole generations have died by my hands.Mothers, fathers, grandfathers, little baby rats..  Sometimes I wonder if our lives are really more valuable than theirs.You know what I mean?"
,Recommended,235540,25030669,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Honzuvtata,"Wow this game... Bought it at day of release. Played it for some time and than I was like I can continue playing, but I won all mission and next difficult is just same enemies with more HP and damage... But I started new game becose of I like every swing of my hammer that throws rats away and every headshot with my gun. Now I am over 200 hours in game, got all orange weapons, got all achievement but but i still continue playing becouse of i like how every swing of weapon feels and how you get better and better with each mission.10/10I am so sad that there is no new content so players base is dying, but this is still best game in my library."
,Recommended,235540,18704493,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hone,"Instantly adicted. It's like Chivalry, Left4Dead and Warhammer hired top of the line geneticists to produce a baby made from all three DNA hosts.GG Fatshark!"
76561198040739131,Recommended,235540,18668339,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DaMackula,"Love the game. Lots of content and replayability, havent been this addicted to a game in ages, so much so that i decided to write my first review to support it. buy it.Only problem is some frame rate drops here and there, which should be sorted in time to come with driver updates."
,Recommended,235540,18677193,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Fuggledorf,It's still good after 10 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,235540,18674015,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Great Job!,Great game and the loot system gives it a ton of replayability
,Recommended,235540,23286335,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Caines,Good game to play with friends.
76561197970563313,Recommended,235540,18805716,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Urazz,This game is pretty fun.  The only real flaw I have with this game so far is that the loot system is kind of crappy.  I.E. I wish on level up you can choose which white quallty weapon you get.  In addition I wish most of the drops when you roll for an item were for the class/character you were playing.  Too many times have I gotten an item for another class over something for the class I'm playing.
76561198171484249,Recommended,235540,22562624,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DrKchetes,Fallout 4 meets Diablo 3..... very good.
,Recommended,235540,18708727,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,trashslut,"Vermintide is a game that doesn't do anything particularly new, but what it does do; it does it very, very well.It is a multiplayer, 4-player coop game where you battle off swarms of heretical rodent furries hence the name Vermintide.It borrows much of it's gameplay from similar titles such as the L4D series, healing items work in much the same way, reviving a player works much in the same way, if they die they will reapear in an area to await rescue just like L4D.At this moment graphics aren't the best optimized, but on a decent rig it will run smoothly though the developers are still currently ironing out bugs.I've run across minor connectivty issues, and there are a few things I do have with the game that irk me.- There's positively no way to play this game without an internet connection as of this moment, though there is bot AI for your companions.- Aforementioned optimization issues that I'm fairly sure will all be fixed- Sometimes it feels like there's little variation between the characters, the only one feeling like it has a particularly unique ability being the Fire Wizard- Often it's hard to get in at the beginning of a mission, there's no option to search for open lobbies/inns at the moment to join a party BEFORE it begins. It would be nice to see some more matchmaking filter options.I'm tired of coming into a new mission during the final battle because I don't want to host and wait for players to join myself.Besides these small things I can think of off the top of my head, overall the gameplay is great, melee combat feels very solid and you really feel your hits ""connect"" unlike some other games.The director AI (another thing borrowed from L4D) is pretty damn solid and will definitely figure out how to throw you a curve ball at the worst of times.Getting loot, and the loot system in general is fun; you'll get an item when you level up, and after every mission you roll some dice to find out what you get, and how high you roll will factor into the rarity of your item; though no items I've come across have felt particularly unbalanced.Visually (optimization besides) it's very impressive, the art direction is fantastic and the maps are lavishly detailed, there's even a nice amount of variety in the Skaven hordes, and as of the moment there's definitely a good amount of levels to tide you over until more pop out with further development.The chit-chat between the characters is quite good, and sometimes funny enough to elicit a mild chuckle; I had heard some people complaining about the content of some of the Witch Hunter's dialogue, and while I haven't heard everything he's said there's nothing particularly stunning or outworldly or horrendously sexist outside the realm of what we're used to when it comes to video games, I mean I'm sure he says something off-kilter but, again, there's a certain level to be expected with the current state and maturity of the media mentioned; and considering the fact that I heard people complaining, I've really not found anything that offended my own sensibilities yet.To make things short, Vermintide does nothing new, but what it does do, it does fantastically. It's absolutely great fun and I definitely recommend it in it's current state."
76561198013136801,Recommended,235540,23224813,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,TK-421,with every update this game gets better and better. right now they just released even more content that is having the replay value is always there and the community is so freindly its worth getting lost in a map chopping away some filthy rats
76561197995672084,Recommended,235540,23224694,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Matatron,"very fun, melee left 4 dead in warhammer universe"
76561197970396921,Recommended,235540,28820294,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Makaroner,Good fun.
76561197984761002,Recommended,235540,18664233,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,NooBiTo,"Left 4 Dead game but swords instead of guns. And done very well in fact!Good parts:- Fantastic Warhammer atmosphere design- Great Melee feedback gameplay- Easy to learn and play, but difficult to master as difficulty rises- Variety of characters to choose from, each with slightly different gameplay- Loot progression- Atmospheric music and great voice acting- Well-designed levels (Mages tower is absolutely bonkers!)- Developers plan commit a long term support for the gameHowever,Bad parts:- Missed opportunity to differentiate between characters in terms of skills, adding more combat depth- Loot collection is too random based on dice- Unpolished in some areas still: Clipping bugs, enemy shooting through walls in some instances, Friendly AI left alot to be desired, minor graphical glitches- Lack of PVP- Heavy reliance on internet connection to even play single playerBut overall, the game is pretty damn fun and manages to fill the void of the Left 4 Dead Genre. Strongly recommended for Warhammer fans and players who enjoy Left 4 Dead coop gameplay."
,Recommended,235540,18517551,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BearAttackMan,Can we treat this game as the official sequel to Secret of NIMH instead of that other god awful movie?
76561197995414405,Recommended,235540,33565927,Posted: 15 July,all,Kundo,Best game ever.
76561198089059025,Not Recommended,235540,19862243,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sun Tzu,"it is a very good (not free) remake of L4D, with improved graphics."
76561198046466561,Recommended,235540,18829236,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The Quarian Guy,Left 4 Dead in Warhammer Universe. Pew pews and woosh wooshes are all together.I liked it
76561198099504760,Recommended,235540,23234367,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TheFlyingDutchman,Great Game if you love l4d and fantasy this is your game!
76561198011491222,Recommended,235540,18797036,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Remfluer,"As someone who was searching for a new game to kill some time, this one fit the bill. Shear awesomeness!"
,Not Recommended,235540,19694357,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Adam Jensen,"In its current state, I don't recommend this game for one single reason: It's performing poorly, and I'm well aware that my machine is on par with the recommended specs to run it. Sudden drops from 60 fps to 20s when vermin spawn is quite common. Only one patch was deployed to address this issue, but couldn't solve it. It's a real shame, because the game is indeed fun. I'll probably come back when the performance issues are solved, if they ever get patched."
76561198001593462,Recommended,235540,23230656,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Jesus Christ the LICH KING,"Great price, perfect atmosphere, genuine edge of your seat moments, fun dice roll loot system provides endless replayability and some sincerely brutal difficulty levels for the hardcore players. The rats also maintain the psychology and behavior of ratkin and the lore tie in's for a warhammer fan are deeply rewarding. Also continuous commitment to patching balancing and improving from the developers. If you enjoyed any Left 4 dead gameplay Pick this one up no questions asked."
76561198186675702,Recommended,235540,18817090,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,hoboninjazombie,"The only game that gives you the same sense of accomplishment after completing a level is Dark Souls. This game is brutal and unforgiving, and I love it. I only wish I could trade items with my friends. Also this game is in dire need of warpthrowers."
76561198015130662,Recommended,235540,18793960,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Winston the Wide,"Have you ever wanted to know what Charlie from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia feels like when he's working? Well then this is the perfect simulator for you. Smash rats. Use sticks. Use hammers. Use bombs. Smash all the rats.Seriously though. A solid game, easy to jump into and start bashing especially if you're familiar with Left 4 Dead. The load out system is nice, and much more varried than expected allowing for multiple characters to fill a role you'd assume exclusive to one or the other. The only lament that comes to mind at this time is I wish you could sprint, because nothing is more infuriating than a Pack Rat shambling off with a team-mate around corners and down alleys and you just cant catch up or get a clean shot."
,Recommended,235540,19235685,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Blackimus Prime,"Though it has (arguably more than) its fair share of bugs, Vermintide is a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  I cannot stress enough that you need to play with a full party, however, as the AI for your teammates is incredibly stupid.  If you're looking for a solo experience, you shouldn't bother.  If you, like me, have a group of friends that like to play co-op together in a dedicated group, this is for you.Also helps to note that while you can do some ranged combat, most characters (at least with default weapons) are heavily geared towards melee.  If you don't like the idea of hacking rat men to pieces, you should look elsewhere."
76561198005007828,Recommended,235540,18658873,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mibbles,Jumped into a game. One guy was typing Japanese. Another was typing Chinese. The last guy spoke broken english.Somehow beat Magnus on Nightmare with two grims.GGs for everyone.The end of the world bringing people together.10/10
,Recommended,235540,19182336,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Kenedius,"Like PD2 but no micro trans and other annoying features, reminds me of PD2 when it first came out developmental wise, hope they dont mess it up"
76561198006620592,Recommended,235540,18588331,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ryltair,"* Lots of loot* Lots of characteristic Skaven* Beautiful scenery* Solid choppy gameplay* 13 maps may not seem that much, but they're big and gorgeous and the Skaven packs are randomly generated so no 1 playthrough is the sameI'm normally not a fan of multiplayer games, but I definately enjoy this one. Enough progression with the different weapons and playstyles to keep hacking ratmen for quite a while as well."
,Recommended,235540,18592568,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aism,"What happens when you take the best bits of Chivarly, Payday 2 and LFD2, mix it in a blender and bcook it just right?Vermintide is what happens...Should you be playing this?  If your interest perked with any of the three above games, then YES."
,Recommended,235540,18577308,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,YpaWinz,"So far, this game has been every bit as enjoyable as L4D was, and then some. The game mechanics themselves are largely the same. There are still swarms of mobs, there's a  horde that'll attack every so often, aided by special vermin akin to Smokers/Hunters/Boomers/Tanks  There's more depth to the player characters than L4D.  With the ability toupgrade and change your gear and loot new gear at the end of each game, it builds on to what L4D started and adds so much more.  The classes themselves are unique, but will feel like home to anyone who is even remotely familiar with the Warhammer universe. Melee combat is insanely enjoyable. Nothing feels quite like charging headlong into a pack of rats and just shield bashing them all to the ground and then sinking your axe into their heads.TL;DR - 10/10 would L4D with Rats again."
76561197985021883,Recommended,235540,18581098,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Faculty Goat,"Very fun game and satisfying combat.Loot system is a bit too RNG for my liking but it's not too bad.I keep telling myself, just stop for now so you don't get burnt out before release. 10 minutes later I am opening the game again to play a few more rounds.10/10 would set fire to rat men again."
76561198015517788,Recommended,235540,18591149,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ContraSix [MG],"This game is pretty awesome. It combines the excellent coop aspect of the venerable Left for Dead series, with the dark, gritty, and surreal universe of Warhammer. The Skaven present a worthy challenger, coming in droves, the unclean masses of rabid fur eliciting a feeling of dread as they encroach upon your party."
,Recommended,235540,18589447,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Haz-Matt,"Ok so heres the deal with this game....BUY IT!! Its L4D with an MMO type loot system(white,green,blue,orange rarities) and its executed amazingly. Even being in beta with only 3 lvls to play im having a blast with my little bro, best friend, gf and some cool randoms(btw this community is super cool with eacother, its great) at my side slaying rats with machine guns, poison globes and pitchforks. The price-to-content ratio is perfect, unlike L4D that charged 60 at launch. Seriously though its an amazing pickup and youll sink some time in, i promise. HAPPY HUNTING >:)"
,Recommended,235540,18866255,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Caescel,"""You will die, die!""Skaven hordes are running towards our little Dwarf and his shield, he tries to hold them off, bashing them wave after wave.They are too many, he got hit. He died.An Oger appears from behind, punching our Mage.She flys so far away from his lovely hug. No magic can save her now. Is she dead? She flew into water.The Oger changes his focus and is running to me, trying to hug me too! I try to refuse, but his arms are so strong.He touches me, gently, and i fall to the ground.In the meantime, our Soldier died by an assassine.Oger survived. He had a happy life and many cute oger children.""It's all Oger now""10/10It was nightmare i said, and i was right."
,Recommended,235540,26470039,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The tickle clown,Fun game i woud give it a 7 out of 10 they need to have more to it like base building and armor but all in all fun game
,Recommended,235540,29268310,Posted: 15 January,all,Potato,Left 4 Dead with Warhammer Theme
,Recommended,235540,28485505,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Oceans☂,"The game is great, but unfortunately, it's dead. Finding games can be a struggle at any time but prime time.The loot system is also in dire need of a rework.Besides that, the game is fantastic. Think about picking it up with a few friends if you take the plunge, it's better with a group."
,Not Recommended,235540,21039720,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Semicirclesammy,its aight but way to small of a game.
,Recommended,235540,21122677,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[TE] Keasby,YES JUST YES!
76561198073891131,Recommended,235540,31414726,Posted: 28 April,all,hollywoodb1,"Recommended. There's nothing else for me to add with so many other positive reviews, just wanted to make an extra thumbs up here."
76561198069083342,Recommended,235540,26572002,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gort,"Late Medieval Left 4 Dead with rats and dice.The good-Hack and Slash.Melee feels right. You can left-click your way through normal mode, but anything above will require you to put some effort into the timing and position of your attacks and guards.-With fire and steel.Ranged weapons are cool, but not the focus for most of the characters. The homing ability of some of the magic is ubsurd.-Gotta get that loot.Special loot items take up precious inventory space normally reserved for healing tools or reduce the health of your whole team. Yeah it's great to get them, but will you be able to make it? It is a unique mechanic.-Trinkets, odds and ends, that sort of thing.You can customize your characters with little knick-knacks that give passive boosts, buffs to your team, or reduced damage. Also, each of the playable characters has cosmetic hats to find. That's good, right?-The woeful world of Warhammer.Environments, items, and characters all have great detail given to their models and dialogue. This game feels more invested in its' own world than you may think for a Left 4 Dead type grind would care for.The Meh-Elves.I think the elf character is the only one who has a passive advantage over the other characters. She also has homing arrows and some of the best melee weapons. The only thing she can't really do is clear a horde, but that's what all the other characters are supposed to do for her. I'm not saying she need to be nerfed, but rather have the other characters buffed in one way or another.-The grindYeah, you need to grind levels for better loot. Daily quests help to break it up by giving out additional rewards. This is best played with friends, but jumping into a level with new people giving eachother tips is fun too.-Rat OrgesThe amount of health these things have seems to cross the line between challange and annoyence.The Bad-BugsSometimes you may fail to connect to a lobby, or your game crashes between menus or little things like that. Nothing too bad.-Difficulty settingsAt its' hardest, this game is less about playing and more about exploiting the A.I."
,Recommended,235540,26423987,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vivian James,"I bought this game thinking that it would be like Killing Floor, you kill a whole bunch ofzombiesrattos, and as you play you will gain experience and levels and even gain new equipment.  I was partially right.  Vermintide has been described in a lot of ways, many of them negatively, and I can understand the people who make those negative comments.If I had to describe Vermintide using two games, I would describe it as Dark Messiah of Might and Magic meets Left 4 Dead 2.In Vermintide you play as one of 5 adventuring classes (Human Witch Hunter, Wood Elf Waywatcher, Dwarf Warrior, Human Bright Wizard, and Human Soldier of the Empire).  They all have their own advantages and weaknesses, such as the Bright Wizard's magic allowing her to bypass armor, but at the cost of her needing to watch her consumption rate so she doesn't risk being consumed by the warp (if she does, she will explode and it will kill the enemies around her, but also her).Your enemies are theinfectedSkaven Empire, which is a horde of rats who seek world domination (or at least, to eat everything).  Your typical skaven wields a sword or spear and has an attitude, but among the Skaven are thespecial infectedelite skaven.  These includethe huntergutter runners,smokerspack masters,boomerspoison wind globadiers and of coursetanksrat ogres.The game is fairly fun, and if you want even more Left 4 Dead-like action you can also play Versus mode.  Or just play Last Stand, as it's a fairly good gameplay mode too."
76561198027483843,Recommended,235540,26572058,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GO THE FUCK TO SLEEP,probably one of the best l4d mods out there
76561198122803696,Recommended,235540,26239266,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TYITEN,"Awesome Left 4 dead style hack and slash, most fun with friends. Not a game you wanna spend hours upon hours of time trying to grind out weapons and armor, you'll burn the games repetitive nature out."
76561198031070041,Recommended,235540,26246062,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lexicon#1654,"If you enjoy playing L4d2 co-op, you'll love this game... combat has a very nice feel to it, the maps are well-designed, there are loot rolls at the end of each mission, different weapons for each character. It's fun whether you play it casually or hardcore. Out with zombies, in with rats!"
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,235540,18643357,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,天诛,"It is a fun game but can be really frustrating. It has some issues, you can't host your own servers ( no lan, no offline ), Game relies on Fatshark's servers which not always are online...Positives :+ great co op experience,+ great level design and flow,+ character design and enemies.+ music and combat animations.+ price / fun valueNegatives :- daunting loot system :( it takes forever to get stuff you really want... and then you might get random perks for the weapons.- simplistic combat system that gets repetetive quickly ( hack n slash, dodge, hack, dodge rinse n repeat ) It feels like updated version of Skyrim's combat. It has better weight behind the weapons, animations are better but no parries, special skills and a lot of weapons are outright dumb. Two handed sword kills normal rat in 3 hits while one handed sword does the same... Doesn't make any sense. Two handed weapons should have more reach and should kill normal skaven in one shot but they feel underpowered compared to one handed weapons. Dwarf's hammer for example.- enemies clip itno each other creating massive blop... rather than queuing up. This causes utter chaos, you can't see whether to block or not so the best option is to dodge or push them back. Also some weapons reach on skaven should be taken down a bit.- 5 difficulty levels but it's almost impossible to play on Cataclysm since enemies clip and you can easily go down in matter of seconds.- Enemy A.I director can screw you over... I was playing on hard and we barely left the beginning of the level just to be attacked by horde, Rat Ogre and assassin and someone elese... No bombs, no medic packs. Needless to say we died. It's fine if it's the beginning but it can get really bad at the end of the levels.- Diverse community. You get lots of uncooperative noobs that rush and then you get pro's that really help.- No point in leveling up . Utterly useless feature. You only unlock white quality weapons. When you reach level 33 ( i think ) you start getting green items ( which are somewhat useful ) It takes too long however.- crashed many times! Seriously... fix it already.- no offline mode nor private servers. In other words always online DRM.- Story Mode? Yeah... kinda lost in transition. Long cutscenes at the beginning of the level and I don't even know who those characters are, how did they ended up together and since its survival WHY THEY ARE RISKING THEIR LIVES? Instead of I don't know... running away? Finding shelter somewhere?...I was waiting for Hellraid to come out but it never did. Hellraid has slower paced combat that rewards : dodging, parrying and tactical use of weaponry. Weapons felt powerful, 2 H sword just crushed skeleton warriors in one shot...Warhammer Vermintide is a above average game that is best experience with friends. It doesn't quite satisfy my thirst for melee combat but it will do until something better comes out.... ( or they resume Hellraid development lol )*EDIT*After playing it for quite some time now I can't recommend this game. Community is offensive and LOOT SYSTEM IS ABSOLUTE RUBBISH. I get 3 TRINKETS THAT ARE THE SAME?! Deadly poison bottles.., can't sell them, can't fuse them NOTHING.Game doesn't reward playing on HARD but rather it rewards EXPLOITS. People are playing first level on HARD with 3 tomes and 2 grimoires because it's the easiest way to get good items. Pretty much guaranteed green/blue.When you play those short levels on hard you are getting screwed over. No extra dice no tomes... So WHY THE HECK SHOULD I PLAY ON HARD?! If the game doesn't reward me?I play my main character ELF and I got green items YET my soldier got orange blunderbuss and a mace... Dwarf got blue hammers ( yes like 3 OF THEM!!! )... and I'm sick of grinding for good loot.Also levels have almost the same objectives... No boss no nothing. Just barrels, chains or wheat sacks."
,Recommended,235540,23242296,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wilcar,For the price. AMAZING. think left for dead with upgrading/creating  equipment for the characters. i enjoy this very much
,Recommended,235540,18690828,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RopeDrink,"WH:ET-Vermintide -- essentially ""Left 4 Warhammer"", with a few tiny twists to seperate it. Players of Warhammer Fantasy games may get to squeeze a bit of lore here and there, or play as some of the token types met throughout the franchise. As a ""Warhammer: Dark Omen"" & ""Shadow of the Horned Rat"" fan of old, playing as a smarmy Witch Hunter (like Methias in DO) can be its own reward (or frustration, depending on how you view those types of characters), with the Empire, Bright Wizards and Elves pitching in.Hack, slash, poke, shoot, and push your way through endless waves of angry rats while trying to complete the given objectives. Side objectives are present to increase your 'loot roll' at the end of a game - assuming you make it to the end in the firstplace. Unlock weapons of various qualities across five playable characters as well as trinket slots (up to three) at higher levels. While this isn't a tonne of variation, it's enough for you to mould playable characters towards weapon styles you prefer, with a few trinket-based bonuses on top.Gameplay is, of course, co-operative based to the point where inexperience, greed, or trolling, will get your team killed on higher difficulties, making levels the right mix of frustrating fails and rewarding successes based on your team. Enemy variation isn't exactly vast, but there's enough to keep you on your toes across the decent selection of maps.In short, if you're looking for a good looking/sounding 4-Player survival co-op full of furry critters begging to have their limbs or heads lobbed or blown off with an assortment of weapons, whilst trying to avoid strangulation, assassination, or just a plain stabby beatings at the hands of a zerging rat-pack with a grudge - this is the game for you.If instead you are looking for super complex combat and/or a full on RPG, then turn away. Now."
,Recommended,235540,28455403,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SlurpyDurpy,"60 hours in, I had fun. Got my money worth."
,Recommended,235540,35098199,Posted: 20 September,all,Vortex Riker,I was unable to find an online game after waiting for several minutes.. Does online matchmaking work?
,Recommended,235540,26330334,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Judgment Man,finally a game like L4D2 where i don't have to kill cops by the hundreds
76561198033882786,Recommended,235540,26339801,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,qgtanton,"Great game with haste through the gameplay. You need good reflexes to obtain success in it. But it is a lot of fun, chopping rat-things with an axe... :)"
76561198008462191,Recommended,235540,28098202,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Alrik,Super fun. For all fans of L4D and Warhammer IP.
76561198278072007,Recommended,235540,30063142,Posted: 20 February,all,Penot,Better than the zombie survival games that this game uses as its beautiful bones. Vermintide is delightfully repetative with good company and at the same time so very lonely without human friends. 9/10
,Recommended,235540,31523151,Posted: 3 May,all,ThyRavenWings,My only real complaint is the batshit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI on higher difficulties making the game impossible to solo. Other than that this is easily one of the better WH: Fantasy games ive ever played
76561198024109451,Recommended,235540,35161750,Posted: 23 September,all,Assassin2314,Freakin FUN!
,Not Recommended,235540,28928612,Posted: 1 January,all,cleanfun,"Way too grindy, which is the tell-tale sign that an adequate reward for your efforts is deliberately being witheld. I find myself feeling resentful towards the whole experience even when I win. I picked it up on sale but would still return it for a refund it if I could."
,Recommended,235540,18511856,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dime,"A combination of L4D and Diablo.Pros:Loot system gives the game plenty of replayability, with each character being fully customizable with different gearEach character is unique and plays differently, the biggest differences coming through in each class's ranged weapon (dwarf has a crossbow, Empire soldier has a blunderbuss, ect)The game is harsh and requires you to keep an eye on your teammates, so they don't get pounced or pulled awayThe game plays very much like L4D, which isnota negative.  L4D had a good system, it's not wrong if a game borrows from its formulaCons:Currently (in the pre-release beta) there are only 3 missions.  However, there are missions not available on pre-release thatwereavailable in previous betas.  Still something to consider, a lack of content may make this game's life short lived.Hitboxes can be all over the place, sometimes when you kill a pack master (think a Jockey from L4D2) the character you saved will teleport a few feet into where they actually werePerformance is an issue.  Even on all minimum, my FPS still drops to ~40 at 1080p even though I meet the recommended settings.  However, there hasn't been an Nvidia driver out for this game yet, so this should be sorted out eventually (hopefully)It's sometimes confusing who is where, and I've shot at teammates thinking they were Skaven before.  Some sort of indicator of who is where, and more clear indicators when players are at medium range would be helpfulThere are no dedicated servers, instead everything relies on P2P hostingOverall, I do still like this game and I would recommend it.  It's fun, and its loot grind system will keep me playing for a while."
76561197971196625,Recommended,235540,18785004,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hexen,"After playing this game for currently a little north of 30 hours  at the time of this review, I can definitely reccomend this game. Virtually all of my time has been spent playing with other people and utilizing bots as little as humanly possible. With that said as a lifelong Warhammer Fantasy & 40k fan this game is tailored to all my nerdy needs and wishes. I am incredibly baised towards Warhammer games but lets be honest....... Most Warhammer games are mediocre at best. Is this one different? Totally, not even in the same tier. The game is far from perfect, and many nagging issues and strange design choices remain but the devs seem incredibly involved and active in pleasing the playbase.Pros:*Decently Optimized, even on my 970 with everything on max/ultra I can pull around 90 fps anywhere but the level 'Gardens Of Morr' where the common rates flucuate from around 40-70fps.*Fluid animations, combat is simple and generic. But incredibly satisfying thanks to good audio SFX*Extreme class diversity, each class excels in a few areas and is terrible at others*Amazing playbase / Team interaction, I know this is purely from my experiences but the community as of the moment is the polar opposite of toxic.*Replayability, the combat is so intense you rarely focus on the levels itself and even playing the same levels over and over seems like a new experience many times overCons:*Terrible loot system / Rewards. Even when collecting 3 tomes, 2 Grimores, a Loot Die, etc on Hard mode you will most likely get a Green weapon.*Rewards upon death are virtually nil. Died after 35 minutes of intense fighting? Heres 50xp, only 40,000k more to the next level!*Strange Matchmaking system, expect to see Found Game, Joining, Searching, Found Game, Joining, Searching, Cannot Find Game, Found Game    exactly in this order, usual wait times are only 1-2 minutes though.*Broken 'Special' Skavens. Gutter Runners that teleport through walls and floors. Rat Ogres who are easily beaten but are basically damage sponges. Pack Masters who can move through walls and pull you through walls which are total game wrecking moments.*Odd disconnects, this is a more seldom issue but I've had quite a handful of matches that have loaded me back into the starting Inn. No host has disconnected, no votekicked, nothing. Weird.*No sidestepping dodge? You can dodge front and back but not side to side? Unearthly!*Bots, almost absurd in how bad they react and play. It's a step backwards. Significantly worse than L4D2 bots.All in all, as a biased Warhammer nerd who loves this game I'd rate it a 7/10. The game does feel a little on the Beta side still, but I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198008340617,Recommended,235540,23257830,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,sneakman23,"Another newbie player here drawn in by the free weekend. I'd hate  to fall into the ""I don't understand the negative review flood"" trap, but I don't understand the negative review flood. There's no denying that this game is derivative of L4D, but it does almost everything better. I really like the sense of progress you get from collecting new and better loot, and improving by mastering the different characters' skill sets. The only complaint that I'd have is that there are too few maps in the core game and the character banter isn't quite as funny as L4D has led me to expect. Over all though, it's a fun game and a great way to spend time with friends."
76561198023608983,Recommended,235540,23273009,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ebonmoon,"Absolutely incredible game, very much like a Warhammer themed L4D2, with tons of character, carnage, and plenty of rats to kill. Actually runs pretty well on my very outdated pc, and looks great doing it! 8.5/10, 10/10 with friends."
,Recommended,235540,21720372,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lee,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198084657727,Recommended,235540,23258558,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Celtic Steel,Best Left 4 Dead  mod ever 10/10
,Recommended,235540,23258958,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,snek,"It's Left 4 Dead but with persistent progress, loot to keep you running, and meaningful class distinctions. Excellent level of challenge- any difficulty above Normal (and even Normal sometiems) requires tight cooperation and effort, but is not unbeatable with effort and teamwork.The game also boasts satisfying hit animations for various contact locations on enemies, and the best first person melee combat I've ever seen. As a co-op junkie this is easily one of my all time favorites. It takes a little while to warm up to them, but once you do the cast of characters is one of this game's strongest pulls; their banter and comments in levels are always entertaining and interesting. Progress of updates is a bit slow but steady, and updates are generally of high quality and significance to the game.Be wary of high RNG in loot drops (that's just how it is, especially when you are starting off and don't have the resources to use some of the later-added systems that give you more control), below-average optimization (don't expect 60fps if you aren't on a very high end system, but most people should have no problem with 30+), and occasional jankiness in certain areas (invisible walls, imperfect collision on certain rocks, etc).All in all, it's probably my favorite game of 2015, and one of my favorite co-op experiences of all time. Highly recommended to anyone who likes co-operative games, Warhammer in general (maybe the best use of the Warhammer license in a videogame), or anyone looking for satisfying first person melee combat."
76561197960301574,Recommended,235540,28127869,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NiVy,Really like this game but the loot-system is just not for me. You play through an entire mission only to have dice decide if you get any loot. It does have a lot of other stuff like crafting and enhancing but these came after the release and felt more like a quick fix to a dull loot system.So to sum up:Great game.Wanky loot system.
76561198006742916,Not Recommended,235540,26734909,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,PhoeniXcz2,"Low on content, high on grind :("
76561198013227967,Not Recommended,235540,21888570,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DreamPod9,"Really sad that I'm writing this, because I wanted to like the game. But holy balls, is this game terribad. When someone said ""It's just like Left4Dead"" they were right on the money with that claim.-No one talks, just berates you when you mess up-People dip out of games in the middle because ""hurr u guys sukk""-Everyone just runs off in random directions or abandons you completelySo in light of this, I can't even complete the first opening mission, with a full party because of said reasons above.As for the graphics, christ, I have a rig that runs todays titles pretty decently, lowest dips I've ever had are between 35-50 fps but this game just chugs and chugs and chugs like the little engine that wants too, but can't quite get there. And set to the medium or lowest of settings for performance and you can actually see the goddamn pixels making up distant objects.First game I've ever wanted a refund from (sadly) because the issues above are so glaring that I think my eyes now have cancer."
76561198035130011,Recommended,235540,34887820,Posted: 11 September,all,Phalange,"I hesitated to buy this game, bought it on discount and I am actaully satisfied. 7/10 - Maximum recommended price $15.First thing first the game is all about cleaving your way through a huge mass of rats with 3 teamates. Some are small, but small can somtimes get big. You can find a team really fast, one characher type per team and let's go.You have to farm your way up for bigger challenge, or if you are like me, for a tighter team.The looting/crafting system is original, you do a run and at the end you play dice just like if you were at the casino playing the coins machines except that here you can improve your odds to earn better loot if you collect some items in some maps and if you play well as a team (number of  deaths, time completion). The loot you do not need you can use it to craft what you need.It is a repetitive game and overall quite simple, too simple too keep me or make me a fan. It has to much undevelopped potential. This is an alternative to ""Left for dead"" with a better polish. I do not think we'll see any major DLC now but the game definitely has a great potential I wish it had some real scary bosses, more ennemy types, more features in general."
76561198045025094,Recommended,235540,22231438,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,118,.com/awesome
,Not Recommended,235540,18648489,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,FatherMiso,"Just really dissapointed. I wanted this to be awesome.But the combat is really underwhelmingIt's Left 4 Dead re-skinned.Its 4 players vs the horde with special infected. It has the smoker. The hunter, the Tank, the spitter and even that guy that pulls you away your friends need to rescue from.You keep alerting the horde. The swarm in and you pretend you are being strategic by swinging your axe at them.Only they are rats instead of zombies.. Would be nice if they at least tried to hide it its a left 4 dead clone.It kept saying its combat is special but its left click spam melee in every situation with the ocassional block and the 'loot' is randomly generated at the end and so far makes no difference.I think if I hadn't played Chivalry Medieval Warfare I'd not be so underwhelmed."
76561198053796630,Not Recommended,235540,19206977,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,A Heffalump,"Not yet.. looks like it has some good game play elements,  However its still far to buggy to be worth the price.  I have had several crashes, or where the game just hangs.. a fair it disapointed at this stage"
76561198055108038,Not Recommended,235540,19298726,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Krinton,"Dont get this game unless you have 3 friends that have a copy. The game itself isnt that bad its just the AI is the worst you piece of code I have ever seen. They will get stuck inside of each other and sometimes just sit there and do nothing, they prioritize killing Skaven over helping team mates up, they have some wierd fetish for blocking and will try to block every single attack, and the mage AI wont use spells 95% of the time. Like I said earlier the game is great but the lack of AI is more likely to get you killed then the actual challenge of the game"
,Not Recommended,235540,18535843,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Magrock,"People exploiting like madmen has ruined this for me, if you don't mind that's cool. I think it's real bad and uninstalled this."
76561198043773879,Recommended,235540,23282832,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Thannak (La Papa Grande),"Its Left 4 Dead but better, and as Warhammer Fantasy.Not much else to say about it."
76561198342933719,Recommended,235540,33748920,Posted: 23 July,all,✪UltraMar *Roboute Guilliman,nice :D
76561198167667963,Recommended,235540,33178549,Posted: 3 July,all,Clemency,"Awesome action game for warhammer fans. Pretty simple game with minimal story, but lots of lore to collect if you like that, great sound and warhammer atmosphere.Don't normally like action games or multiplayer, but so glad I picked this up in the sales. I have no friends playing this game and it's still great fun. Playing with bots is possible, and it's easy to team up with random folk from the lobby.  Community is great from what I've seen, good team players and they don't mind carrying newbies.  For the emperor!"
,Recommended,235540,21089002,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dingdingchomp,"FML this game is soooo good. I havent touched L4D2 since I got this. Valve has some catching up to do with the loot system. Thats what keeps me coming back. What will my next drop be? Also there is crafting if you have too many common drops. You can combine 5 commons to make a rarer item. Everyone who loves L4D or Payday 2 needs this game. I would score this game a 8.5/10 only because of no single player campain, but you can run though with bots like L4D. Yet bots are dumb as rocks. So only one and a half a point drop (because of AI,no singleplayer) instead of 2 whole points.8.5/10EDIT: I also want to add it runs great on a AMD rigg."
76561198085373360,Not Recommended,235540,21143546,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,XxHecatexX,"poor controls which are laggy and sluggishitem interface/interaction requires precise alignment to pick up or drop itemsrange weapons and hit boxes don't seem to match up very wellAI teammates are useless. Won't target ""specials"" Won't target Gunners when they target you, won't rescue you from packmaster. Pathing is also poor - they get stuck everytime there is a corner. Take the high ground and they actually backtrack to take the low route instead"
,Recommended,235540,29036558,Posted: 5 January,all,PageR,Game Doesn't connect to steam.
,Recommended,235540,22815626,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Anaxagor,"A great mix of Left 4 Dead (waves of enemies) and Team Fortress 2 (loot & crafting; not the best example but still) in a great looking world of grim and prelious adventures!Intense action and great challenge; higher difficulties demand knowledge the maps and team strategy.Missions can be a bit long but after a while you know the maps and understand that taking you time means more waves of Skavens trying to rip you apart.Getting new loot and crafting is just right, with you wanting to play more and get lucky rolls. Crafting and customizing options are quite varied. With some effort you can customize items to your liking.At non-peak play times, it can be a bit hard to find games.You can always play with AIs and they're OK. They sometimes stay behind inexplicably but are otherwise doing their job.The developer is supporting the game, with new maps & game modes coming soon, which is nice."
,Recommended,235540,23838698,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Himon,Left4dead´s new little resurgent brother.
76561197968626225,Recommended,235540,22802935,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kestler,"Great fun for the price.  Ive gotten more than my monies worth.  4 players co-op in left 4 dead style gameplay with a slight  amount of loot collect.  Also the devs seem to be somewhat active trying to add content and squash bugs (and there are a few) so thats a big plus.Give it a try its worth it.I wanted to add something on here and its about value and playtime.  I always find it entertaining to see negative review of people with over 50 hours (sometimes over 200 hours) of gameplay.  Go look at the list of games you own and see how much playtime you put into certain games and how much they cost.  If you get 50 hours out of a $40 game you are doing pretty good and it scales way up from there.This game is a GREAT value especially on sale.  If you paid 35 bux for it and get even 20 hours of enjoyment you have won big time.  Think of a movie you go out to, 15 bux (minus snacks ect) for at best 2 hours of entertainment....I can't help but roll my eyes at the negative reviews of people with like 200 hours of gameplay time that spout off that they are bored now because they have played the CRAP outa the game and are bored with it now.  And because of that they tell you that you should now NOT buy the game.   DERP.Lastly I have joined tons of just random games going and have made tons of just random games with people I don't know at all.  Out of the possibly hundreds of games ive been in I think ive had to deal with maybe 1 or 2 players I would say are toxic and maybe two games where the host has crashed, this problem is WAY overstated.This game is far from perfect and many of the problems people complain about do exist, but not NEARLY to the extent you can't enjoy the hell outa the game  (Ive played several games in the last few nights and none of the bugs are even close to game breaking, and id bet most won't even notice anything)."
,Recommended,235540,18711370,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Reoh,"Warhammer Fantasy meets Left 4 Dead, with loot!It's not perfect, but it is a lot of fun."
76561197977904240,Recommended,235540,18629428,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Purified Cateye,"Ogre rat, poison rat and a gatling gun rat spawned and attacked us. The ogre rat started his hunt and went after me, and i begun to run. The poison and the gatling gun rat accidentally attacked the ogre rat, and the ogre rat beated the crap out of them, then out of my team and then out of me. . . ogre rat FTW! Would buy again! 10/10"
,Recommended,235540,28243369,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Redhotjets,"Fantastic game! A real co-op fighting game with a huge variety of weapons to suit all kinds of play styles. You have 5 classes/hero's available and you start off with default weapons. As you play matches you earn loot at the end, provided you succeed. Usually these are weapons but there are also cosmetics and trinkets, which give unique traits. There are bots you can play with although they are a bit dumb (I guess purposefully) so any objectives within the matches you must do yourself. I thought the need to have other players was a bad thing but in fact it's a good thing as it does encourage real communication and teamwork, and this is often the difference between winning and losing. There are 2 horde mode maps also for a simpler fight until you're dead thing, but the regular missions all have objectives to complete.Amazing game, Fatshark have really impressed me here. Have a look at playtime hours of other players and you'll see it's great value. There is a Humble Bundle going now with DLCs included, it's even cheaper than Black Friday sales so don't hestitate and get in on this."
76561197962678832,Recommended,235540,18634719,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Naserve,10 out of 10. Buy if a fan of the lore or Left 4 Dead type games. Lotsa mele.
76561197971946105,Recommended,235540,25895556,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,lvscion,I had a terrible time with this game until I started playing the wizard. Thereafter had a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,235540,25930016,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,outoforeos,"One of my favorite games to play with friends. GW if you are listening, keep doing this!"
76561198079979025,Recommended,235540,19482000,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nice,pretty much a sweet♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198000418088,Recommended,235540,18705809,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Szputnyik,started game on nightmarealmost end of the levelelf gets hooked by packratdwarf gets ambushed by gutter runnersoldier gets shot by ratling gunall die because i didnt help11/10 would chase sack-rat again
76561198049005750,Recommended,235540,18705980,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Arganth,I was overjoyed when I heard skaven would be the main enemies in a game. I was not disappointed. Pick this up if you dig co-op! 10/10
,Recommended,235540,18573634,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,thot patrol,es gud
76561198040492575,Not Recommended,235540,19482605,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ulysses S. Grant,my computer cant run it. Don't buy if your computer isn't great.
76561198107369185,Recommended,235540,18706097,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Splitloop,Great take on Left 4 Dead style Co-op Survival. Really excited about this.
,Recommended,235540,18706100,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,roids0777,"While playing this game I've come realize how *****ty of a friend I am, when a rat orge shows up and I book it and leave them to die a violent painful death. Game is great. Fun maps, dark feel to the game (it's warhammer everything is dark and depressing) tons of weapons and fun classes. When we get swarmed by the rats i secretly hope a warp gate opens up and a grey knight appears and helps us out. Still end up dying a violent horrible death10/10 would abandon my friend for my self interest."
,Recommended,235540,26466652,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mhenryblack,"Awesome game.  Medieval left 4 dead.Update - 11-7-2016I left a brief review last night, because I felt it was imperative to get my review/upvote in the system.As far as I can see, people are giving a good game a needlessly hard time.  Studios like Fatshark make PC gaming great and deserve support from those who enjoy their work.Indie dev's who get it right are the only things sparing gamers from the tender mercies of mega publishers.I am not hardcore, but avid.So off the soapbox, on to my actual thoughts about the game.My PC is a windows 7x64.  Dual core intel @ 3.0 ghz.  8 gigs system ram, sata HD, Nvidia gtx 1060, slightly overclocked.I am sometimes damned by my core count with games released after 2015.Even though this game recommends a CPU that out specs mine as a minimum, it performs well (60fps, smooth) on nearly the highest settings on my machine.This is because fatshark has done an excellent job optimizing AND delineating relevant settings on the graphics tab.  It has a small prompt on each attribute slider, telling users whether a setting affects CPU or GPU.  Very useful to me, as I have a fantastic GPU and a dated CPU.(Guys.. vram is a must for pretty textures, I upgraded my card to a 6gig unit for less than $300, plug and play)So even with my pitiful dual core, this game smoked...  I have read comments about performance issues and have trouble understanding why they have happened.  I'd guess in most of these cases, the developers are not to blame...  as games get more demanding, computer will become obsolete...  this is an unfortunate reality of our market.   If we want better than what consoles get, it has to happen.  Developers can only optimize so much...Gameplay:As I previously stated, the play feel is much like left for dead.   Co-op is fun, and playing with bots is fine as well, should you choose.  I like the idea of a loot system, though I haven't gotten far into it.  L4D had random weapon drops,  I will have to decide over time which I prefer...  as an RPG fan, I usually go in for loot and inventories.It is easily a plus to play the story missions with all BOTs on your team, this can be a plus because of the great voice acting the characters have.  Their dialogue adds superbly to the narrative.Setting:Much to love here.  I hate that bloodborne never came to PC.  Medieval culture and fantasy is a very dramatic setting in my mind...  the fact that Vermintide is set in th warhammer universe makes it even better.   I am a real time gamer who envies the Dawn of War crowd all their content, and I love every chance I get to explore the 40k mythos in a game I can actually play with any proficiency.  (FPS, RPG, 3PS) (really looking forward to spacehulk: deathwing)The skaven, like zombies or orcs, are a guilt free enemy...  you won't feel dirty after slaughtering them for hours on end.I am sure there are some gamers out there with legitimate reasons to downvote this game, I can only base my opinion on my own gear, skill and outlook.I got it on sale, but after playing a few matches on the free weekend, would have spent the full $30.  The chief reason for not purchasing the game earlier was my worry about how it would perform on my machine.  After a test drive, I was impressed.I would call this game a must buy, but if you don't want to pay full price, wishlist it and wait.  It'll be even better in a few months, I'd bet."
,Recommended,235540,23392907,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Basically the game is Left 4 Dead but with Warhammer skins. Don’t hear that as a negative thing though. The game is a fun co-op game. Definitely play it with a friend. You get to pick one of 5 characters with their own fighting style. Collect loots after successfully completing missions which allow you to upgrade your characters or choose a weapon which changes your fighting style. Fun party game.
76561198011974869,Recommended,235540,20019587,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crash,left 4 dead w/ mouse
,Not Recommended,235540,20482341,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Broken Cup,"I enjoy the game, but it crashes way too much.  Did the QA team take vacation during the project?It doesn't matter if you have it on the lowest settings with vsync/frame cap, it will still crash. I've lost 15 nightmare loots now thanks to that.  Imagine my frustration when the team has made it to the end, seconds before loot, only to get a crash.I've even had this game crash during a cinematic, no gpu/cpu intensity going on.Meh :\I'm not even going to bother detailing the bugs, there are just too many to number."
,Recommended,235540,18885842,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Thoros of Myr,"Better than all the $60+ games I've bought in the past few years. I played in the beta and have seen a lot of improvement to the game since.  It's extremely fast paced and until you get used to it, it'll feel like you're on a train with a blender attached to the front. After you first couple of games you will start to realize you will not make it through a level by just mindlessly swinging your weapons at things. Infact, it's more important to watch your buddies back that to be killing alot of the time. The game does things like, throwing a Rat ogre and 4 packmasters in the middle of a horde at you alot. You'll learn when to use your ranged, when to use your mele, when to block, when to use potions, when to use medpacks, and when to use explosives........or you won't and you'll be every person in the matchmaking lobby. jk   It's a great game, I recomend having a group before starting though."
,Recommended,235540,23909105,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ElySionTR1244,Hocam güzel oyun yani alabilirseniz alın.
76561198045807755,Recommended,235540,19077639,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,DankTurtle,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIWss-_5HGM
,Recommended,235540,20078680,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hobomassacre,A witty comedy of four pest control workers cleaning out the sewers for minimum wage.
76561198144584547,Recommended,235540,20074491,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ridikhood123,fun fun fun more fun
76561198117218585,Recommended,235540,18879341,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sailorotaku,"THIS GAME SUCKS BECAUSE IT DOSENT WORK ON MY WINDOWS 8 LAPTOP WHICH IS A RECCOMENDED SYSTEM REQUIREMENT, ITS GETS SO LAGGY AND I CANT FIX IT AND I WASTED $30 ON A GAME THAT SHOULD WORK ON MY WINDOWS 8 LAPTOP. I was so interested in this game but now i cant play it at all!!! If someone can solve my problem that would be great, because i want to play this amazing game so bad!!"
76561197985927238,Recommended,235540,20074868,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kbpringle,2015 Co-Op Game of the Year.It started out a great game and they've made some changes to smooth gearing just making it better and better.
,Recommended,235540,18880084,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Xearrik,The RNG is killing me!!!Watch the very end of this video to see how I feel at the end of every mission. :'(https://youtu.be/PPRVqOnpZxY?t=2m50s
76561198016507957,Not Recommended,235540,20462554,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Zerav,"Terrible game. Bad game, character and level design. Chest rarely contain anything. When you get pinned by a hunter or a smoker, you're certainly dead for sure. I haven't been able to play with other players, just the dumb bots that always left you to die. Save your money, skip this game. Just a bad L4D copy."
,Recommended,235540,21482770,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Balmarog,If you like Left 4 Dead but wish it was with mutant rats instead of zombies this is your game.
76561198031619455,Not Recommended,235540,19516310,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Arseface,Left 4 Dead did it better.
76561198318068044,Recommended,235540,24565764,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Smiley,One of the best games ive ever played
76561197989674975,Recommended,235540,18597389,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Raven,"Teambased panic-controle. Strong party sense.So you think you have been swamped before. No respect for Vermin rats. Meet the Skaven family up close and get to know their special member REAL good.Very addictive, challenging the best and inspiring to heavy teamplay. A not to miss.- Can be played with just bots for a singelplayer experience. But the game shines when amongst friends.Dont expetc to be making a uber class that can hold its own and ignore the team aspect. Even the best will get cosy hugs from the game if venturing alone. Only the team can win here. Not a ""most kill = best player"" The party is a chain that must be keept intact."
,Recommended,235540,18596774,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Guru.,"Left 4 Dead, but danker."
76561198070220354,Recommended,235540,21482985,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Belal,"An awesome game, I figured I would like it but once I started playing it with my friends it was ""OMG"" fun.  Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,235540,20058633,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"Game is great, but player base is terrible at said game."
,Recommended,235540,18715084,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,eNut_ButteR,"As many have noted before, this is Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer universe.This initially didn't really entice me too much, as melee combat in games like L4D often feels floaty and unnatural.  I also worried about how well they would deliver on the concept; would it be entertaining or grindy?  Would I play the missions once and be feel done?I'm happy to say, none of that is the case.Melee combat is definitely acceptable in my opinion, the classes feel unique enough and interact well with each other, and the loot and forge aspects definitely add to the longevity of the game.Great job FatShark!"
,Recommended,235540,18634935,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Grassfed butter reverses disease,"Fantastic game, tons of replayability. Fun for hundreds of hours, possibly thousands. Lots of room for skillful play, much better than L4D series. Definitely not Chivalry's combat so if you're looking for that then look elsewhere, but it's still an amazing game if you enjoy this type of genre. Best of its class and developer support has been great so far."
76561197970243116,Recommended,235540,18892172,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,penguizaur,Left 4 Rats with loot
76561197982348134,Recommended,235540,18897306,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FRaG:. Seb,realy good game only down side is that the boots ar so bad that you kinda need 3 m8s to playu the game
76561198017543445,Recommended,235540,18620155,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,luminesce,"Gameplay had taken me by suprise, it's L4D meets Chivalry. Game is set in the Warhammer : End Times world...setting is fantastic, requires teamwork and skill."
,Recommended,235540,18620164,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Stebby,There are rats and you hit them with a variety of blunt and bladed objects.
76561198022904732,Recommended,235540,18766406,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,|||||,"Incredible feel of the game, the mechanics are NOT cluncky at all!! The weapon diversity amusses me and the variety of classes makes me enjoy it even more. great game overall, incredible to make the time fly and to come back to playing a lot once in a while, the stage diversity is really cool as well. 8/10"
,Recommended,235540,18763843,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ends,****ing amazing
76561198169890785,Recommended,235540,20073122,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,stormmaster67,"waited hours and hours to download this, totally worth it10/10 would kill rats again"
,Recommended,235540,18659159,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,4TKUSH,Fun and exciting.
,Recommended,235540,21170281,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,10-shekel Pepe,All sorts of ways to murder rats.Best exterminator simulator.
,Recommended,235540,18750057,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bongwater Crumplesnatch,PRAISE OUR GOD-EMPEROR
76561198141253211,Recommended,235540,28158828,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Skyler03,Its NIce Co-op Game...
,Recommended,235540,18721006,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,~Grim~RøA EøS~,"I never thought a game like this would be so god damn awesome, fun, hectic and hilarious at times. Getting new weapons and such is a ♥♥♥♥♥ cause RNJesus but even so, good lord it's fun. Ball-♥♥♥♥ingly hard at times but fun."
76561198038013863,Recommended,235540,18721052,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Seiya,Fun game. Far more superior than L4D in every way. It is also set in the Warhammer universe which is a giant plus in my opinion.
,Recommended,235540,18633620,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MSZ-006A1 Zeta+,"Left 4 Dead, but with an amazing melee combat system, set in the world of Warhammer. If you like either of these, get it!"
,Recommended,235540,19575010,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,daN #LitAF,Really enjoyable game
,Recommended,235540,19258646,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,My first vehicle,I like it. i kill rats n stuff. I don't know whats going on but its more fun that way :P
,Recommended,235540,19281986,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TomKFisher,It's awesome! running arouns slahing and hacking stuff to death!
76561198022402408,Recommended,235540,19048273,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Hotbiccies,game is good. play game
76561197972448127,Recommended,235540,19138584,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bking,"I love this game, its very simular to Left4Dead but it is still VERY DIFFERENT. It has some glitchs my game will crash every so often but that can be due to my crappy computer."
,Recommended,235540,19140548,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,x3ll0s,Despite its many bugs and glitches this game has many hours of play time.
76561198004663414,Recommended,235540,19140572,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,GusChiggins,"It's a Warhammer L4D but with loot and character progression. Main issue is that it could use checkpoints, or at the very least some kind of mechanic to let you catch your breath, the pace is relentless."
76561197999495989,Recommended,235540,19140754,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Void,"Great game, terrible companion AI don't play it single player 75% < chance for bots to simply ignore you if you get downed.Still worth playing but multi player only"
,Not Recommended,235540,20829142,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,J[A]yl👌,"If you own Left 4 Dead, you're really not missing out on much hereMany claims to fame over this game involve how this game is a perfect mixture of Payday and Left 4 Dead and Chivalry, but this game ultimately fails to create a distinct and enjoyable self outside these prestated realms.Pros:-Well done gothic setting-Decent enough loot system-Rat variants enforce the idea of staying together(like the hunter and smoker clones)-Maps are fairly long, pretty interesting enough-Damn fine graphics-Each character most definetly feels distinct-Is fun with friendsCons:-Melee combat feels weightless and meaningless, no blow feels like a real meaty hit(needed better fx and hit animations)-Gore system is incredibly lacking, rats lose their heads and arms, with very little splatter involved-The very grim setting contrasts with how goofy the rats look, and not in a good way-Ranged play suffers from the same thing as melee play(nothing feels like it matters)-No memorable lines from any of the characters, everyone seems to be the same in that regardWith a few tweaks to what already exists here, I would totally consider rebuying this game and giving it another shot, but as of right now, it just doesnt fit the bill. The game just doesn't feel nearly as exciting to play as its contemporaries."
76561197973034678,Recommended,235540,18666596,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LukeBu,"(EDIT 1/26/16 for Shrine updateI enjoy the Warhammer Fantasy universe but I'm not an expert on it.  i played left for dead 1 and when 2 came out stopped playing 1 but, lost interest in lfd2 quickly comparatively.Vermintide takes a new look at the left for dead team fps and majorly improves melee combat and playable characters.  The combat feels weighty and powerful, and you need to dodge, block, use both strong and weak attacks, ranged, bombs, and a hefty dose of teamwork to be successful at even normal difficulty.Positives+Awesome melee combat!+Fun ranged variety! Rifles, shotguns, bows, xbows, poison bows, etc.+Classes can play very differently!+Great game to play with friends!+Devs listen and react to feedback!+Characters have diologue that promotes immersion into the warhammer world!+Weapons and perks variety add the ability to specialize!+Tomes, grimoires, and many maps with 5 difficulty settings mean there are a lot of challenges to undertake.+Left for Dead enemies crossed with Skaven units with some interesting twists and differences.+Ending leaves obvious intention to add more campaigns vs. Undead, Chaos, and probably Greenskins.+Correctly blocking, strong attacking, or just hacking whole groups of slave rats to bits all feels rewarding.Negatives-PUGs are often nubs that run off and get you/them killed.(No matchmaking level requirement options, or server admin options.)-Loot and crafting are entirely random.(debateable as a positive to some.)(EDIT now allaspects can be selected and rerolled to bring down random by a lot!)-Some glitches or crashes may still exist and if the host drops the map reloads from start.-Game is not terribly long content wise.-You can possibly put infinite hours in and still not get your favorite weapon type with the slots you want.  (EDIT It seems obtainable to get very close to perfect now, but still involves some random grinding, which Offering could be perfect if you could lock skills you want.)-Hitboxes are not perfect (did I get a headshot?)I was excited to see this title coming up, but when I saw fatshark was making it I was not so sure.  They have more bad games under their belt than good and I was a little worried.  They have put my worries to rest.  Not only have they released an excellent and fun game, but they have promised to be dedicated to supporting this game well into the future with fixes and updates.  This fully restores my faith in their reputation, and I look forward t oseeing how they make this game grow.TLDRLike left for dead, but with better melee and class variety. Some small issues exist, but a dedicated developer team that wants to improve their game is sure to fix many of them.  If you like team games and have gamer friends it is a sure winner."
76561198039849928,Not Recommended,235540,20824157,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Karjalainen,"The branch Warhammer suggests quality but this game has nothing of it. It is a simple hack-and-slash with only 5 characters to select from. Yes there are different maps and in theory one could go through them all but there is no variety in this game. The plot is very simple - kill all vermins! No PRG part, no depth whatsoever."
,Recommended,235540,18659811,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AlphaSix,"Great game. Loads of fun especially once you find a good group. Optimization is awful though, I run Witcher 3 on near Ultra and can't run this without choppy frames and♥♥♥♥♥♥every time many enemies appear on screen, which is a lot. I'm not the only one with this issue either but overally well worth the 22 something I paid."
,Recommended,235540,19201985,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,cummer,gud
76561197996582376,Not Recommended,235540,20448543,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Delta,"Nothing new really, take a best seller ideas( l4d), put in a top seller world (warhammer), you just made vermintide...Not so beautifull graphs, no character build, luck much...Few scenarised missions, always the same thing you do over and over.One word, boring, two? boring and uninteresting."
76561198001370528,Recommended,235540,20057687,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,"The ""Meat Planet""",A rat told me he would♥♥♥♥♥♥on me. 10/10
,Recommended,235540,23143119,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,olly!,"The levels look good and atmospheric, the music is awesome, but the gameplay is pretty weak, unfortunately. This game needs more variety and tactics. You finish the last level on the easy difficulty solo (because noone plays it anymore) and... you're done. Sure you have 4 more difficulties but you won't be able to do them solo and they don't add anything special to the game. The last level is the same ""gather the barrels"" and then ""hit the pillars"" like most of the others. I'd love to find the OST somewhere, though.Recommended to play through once with friends."
,Recommended,235540,20008257,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Staff dill,"I really like this game so far, so much fun to play with friends.The only thing that irks me is that it has 5 playable characters yet a 4 player group maximum. Not sure I understand why but hopefully they'll change that soon as we often play as 5 people on other games.Other than that is a really great game."
76561198094581772,Recommended,235540,20011188,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JustLangford (moe),"i like the game. i think its a lot of fun. it runs fine,it does not crash, and its not to buggy"
76561198063084064,Not Recommended,235540,20104137,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,scottsim,Buggy as hell.  It keeps crashing right at the start for me.
76561198008841081,Recommended,235540,18534596,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Alwarlock Forsaken,"Amzing game, u going to get sooooooooooo addicted ! *Sniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifffffffffffff* (XvX)"
76561197966022109,Recommended,235540,18537522,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Roadkill,"If you like the Left for Dead games/playstyle, you'll almost definitely like this game, though melee is much more prominent in this game than in Left for Dead.I am not really a Warhammer fan, but the lore is interesting anyways, and the graphics, gameplay, connection quality, etc. is all excellent. I'm even surprised it onlt costs $30."
,Recommended,235540,18542728,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ShaiVong,"It's L4D remade in the WH universe, with RPG elements. If you like L4D or WH, you'll like this."
76561197979436019,Recommended,235540,18546281,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,G0D OF PWN,"Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer universe. Simple enough.Pros:-Familiar gameplay (Left 4 Dead)-Decently smooth graphics on mid-range systems-Edge of your seat moments when you get cornered by the swarm-Complimentary classes (currently 5 classes Witch Hunter/Elven Waywatcher/Dwarven Ranger/Bright Wizard/Human              Soldier)-Special Skaven enemies that keep things interesting before/during/after fightsCons:-Rare issues with graphics causing enemies to stretch over terrain-Item drops will be a grind for now since you get random class drops only after you finish a level-3 levels at this time, but more will be unlocked once final release hitsGame runs extremely well even on mid-range systems and gameplay isn't overly complicated if you're familiar with L4D. Full release hasn't hit yet, but definitely feels like they put work in to polishing most of the game. There are the occassional grahpics issue where bodies will be stretched from one point to another when they die, but it's not often enough to be any issue. Classes are fun and different depending on which playstyle you want (tank, cc, dps). New items are awarded at the completion of the level which can become frustrating when you can't finish off the level right at the end. Items that are awarded are random based off of a dice roll and can be for any class even if you don't normally play it (I've received a bunch of Waywatcher stuff when I play as Witch Hunter). Fun game that'll keep you busy for a few hours, and looking forward to the rest of the levels becoming available once full release hits.The base game is worth the money, but the collector's edition is if you really want the rest of that stuff."
,Recommended,235540,18548466,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[[-JKL-]] Ener,"Highly immersive, truely feels likes you are cleaving through the hordes of horned rat"
,Recommended,235540,18516892,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ogdo,do like.
76561198039624565,Recommended,235540,18532225,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Whiskyharbor,"If Bad Rats was a left 4 dead clone. (Better than you think)The story is basically a consequence of not owning catsSerious Tone:Fun game that made me fear the rise of the coming vermin rebellion.  Even though ""vermintide"" strikes a similarity to sharknado aswell.Bernie's wet dream of slaughtering dirt lobbyistsActual ReviewGame comes off as a  left 4 dead game in the warhammer universe. Take that as it may, the beta showed alot of promise with the customization of your characters and the fedility of the engine and combat. Some optimization issues are prevelant but it should be fixed by full release and a more stimulating review will ensue"
,Recommended,235540,18533669,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jay,Its good just buy it
76561198003455833,Recommended,235540,18534277,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,poonsniper69,"Money well spent, most fun game I've played for a while."
,Recommended,235540,18535759,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Real,♥♥♥♥ yeah
76561197973689033,Recommended,235540,19299377,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,StalkingShadows,"left 4 dead with swords,bows and magic. You like L4D? like fantasy? You will like this game."
,Recommended,235540,28495525,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cptn.Stabbins,Love it.
,Recommended,235540,19097563,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,MaX1E,"There is a bug with this game ,where u take dmg and it's nothing around u but still u die in 10 sec, u cant do anything since it's nothing around you"
76561198113819321,Recommended,235540,31551523,Posted: 4 May,all,AllegedMirror67,Great game nothing else needs to be said.
76561198049201457,Recommended,235540,18648356,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Binx,"Its like left 4 dead, but with rats. 10/10"
76561198002118622,Recommended,235540,32873208,Posted: 27 June,all,soma12,Very fun game
76561198007406840,Recommended,235540,18722541,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Uma Rail,"Similar to Left4Dead but different in many ways as well, think Left4Dead but oldy times with 5 different classes and loadouts, on top of which a loot system with varying levels of loot and multiple weapons for each class."
76561198058759108,Recommended,235540,28508272,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hike,Very good game!! Too bad my computer cant handle it properly! =/
76561198003481674,Recommended,235540,18646339,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gojosin,It's 4 player co-op action.  Think L4D but against giant rats and a bigger emphasis on actual team play.  Everyone has different weapons and so feels unique.Only downside so far:  AI Teammates are dumb as bricks.
,Recommended,235540,21183404,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ungyld elker dig,good game
76561197981422860,Recommended,235540,18517774,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Serlo,Outstanding Left4Dead (heavily) inspired game.Great graphics. Persistant loot. And diffrent classes and weapons add alot to the game play.   I love the impact of the melee weapons as well.   Teamwork required!Worth every penny.  Get this game.
,Recommended,235540,18517854,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cacophone,"A good co-op experience that is basically L4D with a Warhammer atmosphere, visceral melee combat, a good variety of playstyles and light but enjoyable looting mechanics. Recommend playing with friends with a mic on for the best possible experience."
,Recommended,235540,18518211,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Admiral spongpol,"Little crashes here and there, but it is still in its last week of beta is it not?Aside from the the game is very, VERY enjoyable.It takes L4D-like mechanic, adds some little hints of RPG elements to it, and placed it down in Warhammer fantasy's setting, which looks very, very stunning.So, get it now! And slaughter all the vermins!Graphics 9/10 (could use some optimization though)Gameplay 9/10Sound 10/10 (slashing and stabbing sounds are very enjoyable)"
,Recommended,235540,18518985,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BruteBasket,Vermintide is everything I wanted from the sequel of Bad Rats. 10/10 would praise Sigmar again.
,Recommended,235540,18519465,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,☈Phenom cs,"Looks great, satisfying combat, fun to play. However, if you don't like alot of the same you may want to wait until they add a bit more content. Just 3 missions, but only played one so far; unless the loot keeps you coming back there won't be much else to do until more content is added."
,Recommended,235540,18525604,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Basand,"Excellent game.It has a solid feel of Left 4 Dead, which was an all-star in my book.  While it feels like the game, it does not feel diminished nor old while playing it.  The selection of characters is a nice way to change things up, almost like in Diablo II.I definitely like the inventory.  This game is a simple game to play in the sense that you do not need to study anything to learn it.  Hope in and play.I feel the matchmaking works well and I love the respawning method (same as L4D).One of the cons of the game, though, is that there is no unit collision.  This is great for ranged characters (ability to run away) but melee can be a bit of a pain.Overall, I would give it a solid 4.5/5 provided the full release releases more content.Also, the way the game is set up many more characters can be added as well as more enemies.  I am sure that other fans of this universe are thinking of some they would like to see come to life out of the books.Until next time,-B"
,Recommended,235540,18525976,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jaiyden,"So, I don't usually post reviews but I thought I would for this one. I'm not really an FPS gamer, and even Left 4 Dead only moderately held my interest, but this game is pretty amazing. Only three levels are open currently, more will when the Beta ends and it goes live. The different champions have a completely different feel in tactic and approach. You will learn to fear rat ogres and storm packs (save your bombs).I should note (as I was confused initially) that this is Warhammer, NOT Warhammer 40K. Primary combat if more... first person... slasher? Melee combat. You have secondary ranged attack abilities, but they are ammo/""mana"" based.TL;DR: If you like Left 4 Dead but want a grittier (NON ZOMBIE) version, pick this up. Also, Warhammer."
,Recommended,235540,18526168,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jesterer,"Less than thirty seconds into the fight and the way watcher has been punched off the roof by the rat ogre. The ranger has run ahead in a blind dash and the gutter runner agrees this is the proper thing to do in this situation, the witch hunter tries to save the foolish dwarf but is cornered by the stormvermin and crushed.  It is all up to me... i pull out my blunderbuss and prepare to charge the unholy abomination, i've trained for this... i can do this. The vermintide horn sounds, the A.I. director is satan, there is no hope.10/10 will fight against hopeless odds again"
,Recommended,235540,18526375,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Tigris,Fun!  My new coop horde game!
76561198106971451,Recommended,235540,18527458,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,supersmokejones,"Similiar to l4d with a more interesting setting/story (in my opinion).Customization and loot to earn.Challenging but doesn't feel unfair.Combat is visceral and quite satisfying.5 interesting classes, hopefully they add more."
,Recommended,235540,18527498,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,"Hype Meter:[||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||]|||||     110%It's honestly really enjoyable, even in beta. There are a few bugs and a bit of polish to be applied, but if you're looking for Left 4 Dead style gameplay (with a medieval twist) then get your♥♥♥♥♥in here."
,Recommended,235540,18527658,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Antiwarus,"Oh baby, from Fatshark the creaters of the War (Roses&Vikings) series brings light back into the Warhammer gaming world with Vermintide.Vermintide is amazing, with great detail and attention made to the game to make it fit perfectally into the Warhammer Fantasy World. From the details of the vile ratmen, to the urban scrawls of the dark gritty cities of Ubersreik.I think the greatest thing from this game (asides from its detail) is its replayability with rat killing galore!"
,Recommended,235540,18530614,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Croc's are nuts,"Much more fun than left 4 dead especially if u like fantasy stuff like wizards and swords etc...  worth a buy, has a loot system and customizable gear and weapons!"
76561197985207458,Recommended,235540,18533824,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Rafterman,For all of you L4D players ... come and get it!!!
76561198024630019,Recommended,235540,18534290,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AtheosisX,"Great horde killing game.  You could say that the game copies L4D a bit too much, but really I don't have a problem with it since there is more variety to the gameplay due to it having various classes and weapon options.  The loot also makes the game a bit addictive if you're into that kind of thing.  I definitely recommend this for anyone if they like L4D.  Very good game for the genre."
,Recommended,235540,18535629,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Anfronio,"Essentially L4D with persistent RPG elements. I was worried it might not be very challenging, but I was proven wrong. The game requires a lot of teamwork and random hacking and slashing is a good way to get yourself killed. A lot of variety in terms of weapons/classes, and as I understand a large number of maps and future DLC planned. A great deal for what they're charging."
,Recommended,235540,18535828,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Plastic Legs,"Runs like ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥on my crusty old♥♥♥♥♥♥rig but who gives a ♥♥♥♥ when you are ♥♥♥♥ing up those little rat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a ♥♥♥♥ing big♥♥♥♥♥hammer or some ♥♥♥♥ing pointy little ♥♥♥♥ers slashing and bashing that♥♥♥♥♥♥like Butcher ♥♥♥♥ing mother ♥♥♥♥ing Pete yo♥♥♥♥♥♥man, or slapping those ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from long♥♥♥♥♥range with a bad motha ♥♥♥♥er bow or some ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pistols from like 7000 years ago, that flintlock♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing hella tite yo this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the ♥♥♥♥ing bomb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235540,18536245,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Emrico1__1,"Splinter from the Ninja Turtles was the exception because these humanoid rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.[BETA REVIEW] Cool game so far. Loads of complexity and a compelling playstyle.It's very much a carbon copy of Left for Dead which is fine but I feel they followed it a little too closely in some areas, sure it works well for a fps game but when there is a melee focus, I think they have missed some creativity with the boss fights.The RPG element is handled well and I'm looking forward to leveling up etc.While it is fun I do feel the combat lacks a little satifaction (but some of that could be due to playing the game on my laptop).Run speed could use a buff, I always feel like I am walking.Warning: The game is not optimized well for low end systems yet.I am attempting to play it on a; i7 3630qm with a 670mx laptop and it runs on ~35 frames a second with considerable input lag."
76561198050324090,Recommended,235540,18536712,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Cotton,i love this game...Left for Dead 3
76561198038036811,Recommended,235540,18537188,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Joehan,really fun game 10/10 - Game Spot
,Recommended,235540,18543122,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Leflair,"Let's say you have a rat, and it's stuck in the glue trap; you'll gonna wanna bash that rat, put it out of its misery as soon as you can!You might want some protective gear so you don't get the rats internal juices all over you.Get this game, get blunderbussin'"
76561198063831698,Recommended,235540,18543591,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,AoD|KROOL,"This is one of the best games I have gotten in a little while. Immediately crammed in 4 hours, addictive, and just the right learning curve. If you like L4D this is the game for you 100%."
,Recommended,235540,18543723,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Keggers,"As a warhammer tabletop gamer and a former Warhammer Online fanatic, this game really scratches all of my warhammer desires. There's a few bugs but that's expected for an early access ""beta."" Can't put this game down, even with only 3 maps at the moment. Beautifully done, would highly recommend!"
76561198004459621,Recommended,235540,18544053,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FaultierLover,AWESOME!!!Like L4D/L4D2 but whit rats and it feels even darker whit a hint of RPG.Very COOL!!!
,Recommended,235540,18546429,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Harrye,"If you enjoy killing rats with a hammer, this game is for you."
,Recommended,235540,18547892,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,buenaventura,"This is a better looking, more thematic, more visceral, ragdoll-tastic 'L4D' with loot, leveling, loadouts, classes, and refreshingly sinister enemies instead of zombies. What's not to like?"
76561197971199730,Recommended,235540,18549162,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Chronic,"Highly recommended game!If you love Dark Messiah of Might and Magic and Doom I&II this is just what you need!Fast paced combat in the Warhammer Fantasy universe against a horde of rodents! Hear the satisfying sound of blood splatter around as the body of mutilated ratts fall under your blade. Help your fallen teammates get back on their feet as the enemy comes wave after wave trying to overcome you. Adrenaline rushes through your veins and the music keeps pumping as your team cut your foes to little pieces. Then suddenly the fight is over and you can not wipe the smile from your face.Graphics are gorgeous and the art style is really great. Not a game to play for longer periods of time, but you will come back again and again to let off some steam.The game is very fast paced and sometimes its hard to orient yourself, but this comes from the whole nature of the game, you have to get used to it.Finaly a game that makes a good use of the Warhammer universe, support the devs and buy this game, they really deserve it!"
76561197994516005,Recommended,235540,18553288,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FuriousTalon,"My new favourite co-op game. Visceral and satisfying combat, paired with the need for good team work as well as individual skill. The loot and crafting system allows you to customize your character class the way you want to play. The difficulty scales very well in my experience. Overall very enjoyable."
76561198042703586,Recommended,235540,18516118,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BeefPudding,good FPS hack n slash with a well implemented loot system. worth the 30$
,Recommended,235540,18537702,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Reeves,l4d + warhammer + loot = win
,Recommended,235540,18539317,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Vann!,"Finally, a Warhammer franchise game done right.Vermintide is a four player co-op action game, done in the style of Left 4 Dead. Vermintide borrows quite shamelessly from Valve's shooter, but make no mistake, it's not a low quality rip-off.Vermintide focuses on melee combat. It's brutal, visceral and immensely satisfying. While I personally wish for slightly more depth to it, the amount of different weapons you can get makes up for the problem. Fans of Dark Messiah of Might and Magic will feel right at home with the melee combat here. If you like hitting ratmen with a giant warhammer and seeing their screaming bodies go flying, you will feel at home too.The special Skaven are very powerful and can make the game brutally hard - while Left 4 Dead often did not throw multiple special infected at you, in Vermintide teamwork is so much more important, especially when multiple Packmasters (Jockey+Smoker) spawn at the same time as a Rat Ogre (Tank). Gutter Runner (Hunter) AI is actually fantastic as well. Those sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s can hound you for the entire level, choosing only to pounce when your team is split up or distracted. You really have to work together or you won't be getting past Normal difficulty.In terms of lore and aesthetics, the developers Fatshark have very diligently brought the Old World to life. I love the twisted streets of Ubersreik. The banter between the characters are top-notch and the high quality voice acting really brings out the off-kilter mismatch of heroes they are.The biggest problem, however, is with the polish of the game. Sometimes the Skaven move erratically, or get stuck on lamp posts. Sometimes the Rat Ogre will hit you and you'll go flying through walls. Sometimes, you'll clip onto the edge of a rock or low wall and need to jump to get out. It's the little things like that which hamper the Vermintide experience - if the developers are diligent and support the game with patches and updates and DLC post-release, then they won't be an issue. Fatshark, however, has a bit of a reputation for not doing that. Hopefully, with Vermintide shaping up to be a big success, they will shed their past habits.If you want a high optimized and polished gem, Vermintide might not be the game for you. It has it's rough edges, but make no mistake, the game is fantastically fun if you don't mind the occasional FPS spike, or clipping error. I would recommend it to most people unless you are extremely short on cash - then put it on your wishlist and definitely pick it up with a sale."
76561198039141869,Recommended,235540,18545055,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Panos,"Amazing graphics!very nice voice acting and gothic architecture,Forge! where you upgrade your weapons or you can destroy some of them to make a random new one!! and ofcourse dice! where you can get better rolls at the end of the missions where you get weapons from low to epic quality!!even though its Beta and it has only 3 stages i cant stop playing and cant w8 for the rest!! ty for this great game!! GO AND BUY IT NOW!! 9,5/10 !!!!"
76561198036954915,Recommended,235540,18517157,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,itharius386,Great Game.
,Recommended,235540,18518050,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ip00pra1nbows,thinking about buying this............... DO IT its like l4d and lotr had a baby.
,Recommended,235540,18528443,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Crover C. Crewe,"I know many of you tired of hearing that this game is better than Killing Floor 2 but it's true!It's like L4D but with a little poorer hitbox but with items and stuff.but i want something like a skill and stuff too.....still a fun game anyway,would recomended if you got a few bucks to spare"
76561197993326348,Recommended,235540,18534295,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[NG2] H2O,"Do you enjoy Left 4 Dead?  Then you'll want to play this game.  Are you a fan of the Warhammer universe?  Then you'll want to play this game.  Fun, fast paced 1st person action hack n slash/ shooter combat. Player progression through earning loot/gear and xp for levels gives the game reply value.Smacked a human sized rat with a warhammer and his head fell off 10/10"
,Recommended,235540,18534316,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,"A lot of fun, The loot system will keep me playing it for a while and  it's what sets it apart from L4D and KF2.  I rage at my loot dice rolls sometimes but that gives it that Games Workshop roots feel.  The main cons I see are getting droped into a group full of pubs who could care less about teamwork.  That would not be the game's fault would it not be for a lack of server browser; which is a deal breaker for me most of the time and is not this time because this is a co-op game.  Even still I highly recommend."
76561198132506253,Recommended,235540,18535494,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Wild,"Very fun, challenging with levels that feel longer than most other modern games.-Pros:-Good graphics-Nice combat controls-Easy to understand each characters play style-Good AI (some enemies flee or even try to hide)-More difficult than some similar games-Feels rewarding getting new weapons-Nice variety of weapons-Multiple routes to mission objectives (Actually allows steath as possiblity in some situations)-Level system that grants unique weapons-Cons:-Diffculties of hard and above feel impossible-Ratogre on normal you say? RIP-Stormvermin and Ratogre seem immortal without using weapons marked 'Headshot'-No perks or stats for each characterScore: 8/10 A very good game if you like to be challenged a bit or just hate rats"
76561198091547612,Recommended,235540,18536406,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Franz von Væterland,"""Left 5 Dead"" WarHammer"
76561197981870695,Recommended,235540,18537791,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,`Hero,actually legit.
76561197997658500,Recommended,235540,18592835,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sarestro,Da fällt mir nur eines zu ein.... PACKER!!! :D
,Recommended,235540,18565035,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,𝓛𝒶𝓌𝓇𝑒𝓃𝒸𝑒,"Very good 4 player coop gameIt would be wrong if i say it´s a game like L4D - lets say it makes a lot of things better then L4D - kindaWarhammer + loot system + a little touch of the Souls series difficulty (if you do stupid things in Souls games - you die - same happends here) + all the things L4D did good (still one of the best coop games so far)i would give the game atm 8/10if they fix some bugs and bring the contend they talked about in the futur (i know it´s beta atm and i talk about after the release of the game) i will go for a 8,5-9/10/cheersFor Skaven treachery is a way of life, Nothing is more natural than death and strife. If you see a chance o put yourself ahead, You better take it now because tomorrow you'll be dead."
76561197974773679,Recommended,235540,18565355,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Allahs Pilot,This game is awesome would be way better with different types of monsters other than rat people
76561197965419981,Recommended,235540,18590670,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Van Ham,Yup
,Recommended,235540,18736255,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Grundâl The Pungent,This is basically better Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer world. Everyone should play this because nothing is more satisfying than cleaving through hordes of Skaven.
76561197970374902,Recommended,235540,18736258,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Killimus,Reminds me of waiting for the New York City Subway. Good times.
,Recommended,235540,18737299,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Phoenician,This is an amazing game.  It has a great melee systems plus its in the Warhammer universe.  Play with your friends though as most randoms are terrible (play with bots over randoms).
76561198036983946,Recommended,235540,18971713,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Chaos,"Where to start..hmm...Well first off all people saying that this is a left 4 dead ripoff set in the warhammer universe.. you wouldn't be completely wrong. But it's better than L4D/L4D2 - for the following reasons;-More replayability-Far more varied charecters that are more interesting-More enjoyable combat-Loot!-More challenging.The thing about vermintide is.. you never feel safe - there's no running to a corner and gunning a horde down - you have to constantly fight your way through, and even on the 2 lower difficultly settings you will get pushed to the edge when you start playing, health and ammo can be scarce and rightly so. The Skaven feel like.. Skaven - usually the first indication of a Skaven behind you is gettinh hit - or a sublte audio indicitator.Players in the public matchmaking are suprisingly competent for the most part, which is good but this game is certainly more enjoyable with any number of friends.The level design for the most part is rich varied and whether you are a newcomer to the warhammer fantasy universe or not, it pulls you into that universe and engages you - pretty rare for a horde co-op game.The voice acting and banter between the charecters is spot on and at times hilarious, makes the game slightly less grim.All in all a solid title, but be warned - don't get to attached to this game, the future of it will depend heavily on the quality of the DLC.As for now, stop reading this review and go and buy the game lumberfoots!"
,Recommended,235540,18608023,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SaveMeXenu,"♥♥♥♥♥s good, lumberfoots."
,Recommended,235540,18894609,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gimmers,"Amazing Game, really captures the grim setting of the Old World. Combat is awesomeTonka - Euphoric games analyst and Gamer."
,Recommended,235540,18714724,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Over40HandJobs.com,"Matchmaking can give me a headache and the loot system gives me high blood pressure. But when you find that fun, competent, talkative group, you are set. Recommend you play this with at least one other buddy if not, fill all 4 slots. Some people will leave the group the second things look grim or they die. Still a rather fun game for having to click 2 buttons (swing, hold swing, block, block+swing, etc). 7/10 soloQ. 9/10 when you are with buddies. More blood for the Blood Gods!"
,Recommended,235540,18645093,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Striker,10/10 must buy
76561198053836814,Recommended,235540,18639365,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,feelsbadman,"Good Game, though the loot system should be fixed! If failed no item loot? Spending 20-30 minutes ingame but failed is BIG UNFAIR to players playing.I'll give you guys to see once its released.. hopefully you'll fixed this."
76561197970924700,Recommended,235540,18645407,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ferrous,"It's like whole generations of those things have died at my hands. Mothers, fathers, grandfathers, little baby rats. - Charlie Kelly10/10, would bash again."
76561197999892992,Recommended,235540,18648534,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Noodle Bandit,"One of the best (If not the) Co-op games released in quite awhile. The characters are unique and have great dialogue between each other. Combat is smooth, satisfying and best of all gory. Game features a magnitude of loot available for each character so you can play with your own style. The difficulty of this game will actually give you a challenge and force you to stay close to your friends to survive.  Personally I've never played any of the Warhammer games and know nothing about the Lore of this game but I can guarantee you, that you will still have alot of fun playing this! Give this game a try, tell your friends, spread the word and start hunting some Skaven scum."
,Recommended,235540,20262411,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tctimmeh,Left 4 dead with LOOT! neato
76561198002532813,Recommended,235540,23665976,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,kancho anego,It was worth the price tag. If you got 4 friends to play with then you should get this.
76561198094745683,Recommended,235540,19797853,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Heisenberg,Bad Ratz+Lord of the Rings
,Recommended,235540,20354499,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GLIG,Like every reviewsIt's Left 4 Dead with rats instead of zombiesmore mapsmore lootsmore fun
,Recommended,235540,20412662,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,{[[UMB]]}Everglow,Do you like left 4 dead? Do you like the warhammer universe? If you answered yes to both or even one you shoudl enjoy this.  My entire time playing this I can't help but compare it to L4D because it just feels like it.  You carve your way through rats like they are tissue paper but it's still fun and a bit hecktic and fun.  Don't look for too much depth and take it for what it is and you should enjoy it.
,Recommended,235540,18538838,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,EnnuiBo,"Love L4D2 and the some what crap loot system of Diablo and other games? Vermintide is right up your alley. Bar it for some performance issues and a real♥♥♥♥♥♥community, Fatshark has created a gem."
,Recommended,235540,18538950,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pyrex,Better than L4D.
,Recommended,235540,18548887,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Chryseobacterium greenlandensis,gud
,Recommended,235540,18525563,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SlaxMauL,"Meow meow meow-meow.If you were a cat you would know why this game is so much fun.If you're not then go buy it and find out for yourself!Best of all is how close the developers are with the community, should you experience any issues hindering you from playing the  game the developers will be more than happy to help you out, either on the steam forums or more preferably through their help desk. BUY IT. Though most known issues have known solutions so be sure to check out the forums and maybe take a peek at google."
76561198044099307,Recommended,235540,18537476,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,🔱MANIAC👽UNIVERSE✡✝GOD,GOOD COPO GAME
76561197973654845,Recommended,235540,18543670,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,artproject,Very fun game that is very similar to Left 4 Dead. If you enjoy Left 4 Dead and Warhammer separately there is no reason you would not enjoy this game.Here are some gameplay videos I've made during beta:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LplnScDw0Nohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmJBgVSVZtAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKJqcoJ57IQ
,Recommended,235540,18535882,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AGM,"Take L4D2, add loot and Warhammer.  What's not to like?"
,Recommended,235540,18553172,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xFIELDYx,"Quite good. Not happy with pad controls atm, the use button don't work properly. So I need 2 keep the keyboard underneath my hands so I can get loot b4 every1 steals it. I expect it will be sorted b4 release."
,Recommended,235540,18645633,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,It's Left 4 Dead in Warhammer and bloated as hell.It's alright.
76561197995438043,Recommended,235540,18648027,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,<Face Palm Jesus>,This game is AWESOME!!! get it and play the hell out of it. its left for dead meets skyrim. its amazing a few bugs but still really new.
,Recommended,235540,18733131,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TheJStrickland,"Imagine a medieval Left 4 Dead, but with rats"
,Recommended,235540,18740490,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MAGi,Think Left 4 Dead .... Vermintide is better.
76561198122178622,Recommended,235540,21118016,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ETEl2NAL407,"Do you like Warhammer 40K?I guess I do, but I don't know much about it. I did see a couple guys in forum arguing about the story of this game because one guy said there should be lizard men, but the other didn't think so and a seriously nerdy debate ensued. I say that because apparently there's tons for fans to pick up in this game. So, if you're a WH40K fan, buy this.If you're not a huge Warhammer fan, like me, this game is still awesome. You get to feel like a real knight slaying tons of huge rats and watching their heads and limbs fly off as your sword passes through their fleshy bodies then comes out dressed in their blood.Only bad thing about this game is there's too much RNG, but when the grind is so wonderfully gory, who cares?!?"
76561197997082784,Recommended,235540,21015546,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,❀✾❁Pyrus❁✾❀,l4d2 Warhammer version<:
76561198036962771,Recommended,235540,21093750,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,He's a Man Cheetah,bad rats is a great game
,Recommended,235540,21028955,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Twisted Films Farmskins.com,https://www.reddit.com/r/Vermintide/comments/3oujwq/new_player_advice_thread_odoom/You can thank me later.
,Recommended,235540,21005141,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,marktsedita,You want to see a rat choke on an arrow?~Well-here-we-go~
76561198045923016,Recommended,235540,21005882,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheScrubPrince,"It takes everything that games like left 4 dead did, but adds loot and classes and other fun stuffs."
76561197967148975,Recommended,235540,21006566,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RE5PUBLICA,"I was told it was Left 4 Dead in the Warhammer universe, but I was still surprised with how similar it was mechanically, even the special enemies function the same way, hunter, spitter, tank, etc. Healing, and bombs are exactly the same mechanically but adapted in clever ways to suit the universe of Warhammer. There are some additional features that aren't present in Left 4 Dead, like loot, and crafting which give the game more depth and replayability. It's all wrapped-up really nicely in a slick presentation. Would recommend.Only negatives - framerate tanks when you are attacked by hordes of enemies, and the game has an overall pretty drab appearance which causes the art to kind of blend together making it a bit harder to tell what's going on, because all you see are shades of brown and grey."
76561197964829617,Recommended,235540,21034401,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[SNUG]Corndog,"I love the gameplay and the game itself, LOVE IT.random loot system, I HATE IT."
76561198062035750,Recommended,235540,20996084,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sh4d0wfury,"Very much a L4D Esc game, though set in the Warhammer world. It's a nice change of pace from zombies though."
,Recommended,235540,21007175,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dotsforlife,"Simply put, this game is awesome. If you liked the Left 4 Dead series then you will also love this or anything similar to that series. It runs great, the gameplay is smooth and reacts well, no glitches so far from what I can tell, the people seem friendly, the game is all around fun and enjoyable. Not a bad price either."
