user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,235600,12789482,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kanye Cress,"Its a great game but I uninstalled it after the campaign because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay; no one ♥♥♥♥ing likes you Uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF. If I buy a game on steam I WANT IT ON STEAM, NOT ON YOUR CRAPPY SOFTWARE."
,Recommended,235600,32345629,Posted: 11 June,all,Mastur Cheef,"Splinter Cell Blacklist feels like the kind of game where the team that worked on it really knew the franchise and really understood what elements of each game people loved and hated.Conviction, to me, felt more like an action game than a stealth game. Chaos Theory is one of my favourite stealth games.Blacklist takes all of my favourite elements from the older Splinter Cell games and gives them a facelift and includes some newer elements that Conviction introduced and refines them to be less overpowered but just as satisfying in action situations.The game encourages you to use the classic stealth techniques with the playstyle system but also allows you to fall back on the execute ability that Conviction introduces as a contingency (which makes you feel pretty badass when you pull off a preemptive execution on three or more guys after being spotted and managing to stay undetected).Favourite Splinter Cell so far."
,Recommended,235600,12230776,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,thefyrewire,"OK... given my playtime now, I think it's finally time for my review. No plot spoilers. A proper review would take a look at all aspects, but I don't have much time so I'll be brief.The Good - SingleplayerThe game itself is surprisingly good. Of course... it's no Chaos Theory, but regardless, thegame is actually fun. By playing on perfectionist, the game's hardest difficulty, you'll find yourself hiding and waiting a lot; examining the guards' patrol routes (which by the way change every few deaths to keep you on your toes). Also you won't be able to use your vision through walls, giving (albeit briefly) you that similar experience in Chaos Theory when you find yourself constantly wondering what's around the corner.So what else is there? A diverse array of gadgets, guns and accompanying upgrades for starters. I loved being able to use the money earned from missions to upgrades and improve my loadouts. There was a chain of progression, and I could feel my character becoming a 'stronger' spy, equipped with more stuff as the game continued.The environments are pretty damn awesome. Exploration is the key to achieving your preferred playstyle. There are neat cinematic scenes and unique parts of the story which require you to play out these almost 'mini-game'-like bits; but they're so well integrated into the story and allows you to take a break from all the running, jumping and stabbing.The Good - Multiplayer - Coop/SvMNow let's switch over to the multiplayer. There's not much to say about coop. It's essentially singleplayer but with a partner. There is a fairly wide variety of missions to choose from. Each of the main characters have varying game modes depending on what you're up for. Nearly all of them can be played solo if you don't have anyone to trust your life with.Grab a mic, join your friend, and off you go. That's right. A mic. Whilst not completely essential- it will drastically reduce the number of times you die because of silly mistakes. Bouncing information between you and your partner will really help. But... if you're with a random person you might not be able to do that. In which case, you'll just have to grit your teeth and go with the flow.Spies. Versus. Mercs. It's fun. Believe it or not, it's actually fun. With friends. By yourself... yeah, I'll admit, you can have some pretty decent matches. But seriously, for some laughs and a better chance at winning- play with friends you can talk to. Skype, TeamSpeak- it's all about information exchange. You can better anticipate that ambush if your buddy just saw a spy heading your way. You can let your friends know where the hacker is by utilising the merc cameras whilst your dead.The SVM loadouts are different to the singleplayer loadouts, so be prepared to start paying up the big bucks again. This time you'll also need SVM tokens, which allow you to purchase weapons and stuff. You only get a few when you start levelling up and then one token each level after that, so spend wisely. There should be enough to unlock everything, but it's the order you choose that matters. I'll be writing or recording an updated SVM tutorial sometime in the future, to help the new players with how everything works. You'll have fun creating custom loadouts with a combination of gadgets, gear and weapons to your liking and playstyle. The torso abilities are pretty cool. Each side (mercs, spies) get three choices of abilities to aid your plight. Used wisely, you can be a valuable asset to your team.Since Blacklist is 4 vs 4, it's the perfect number. Every player counts, and when your team mates goes down, you best be prepared for what happens next.On the face of it though, SVM is fun to dive into for a quick match (I say quick match, it's about 25 - 30 minutes per match). You can just join and start playing straight away. It's fast paced and will require some level of awareness and reflex reactions in order for you to survive. Playing smart is a key skill. Anticipating enemies, knowing your way around the map, always paying attention to the little things that might give away the position of a spy. Classic, Blacklist and Team Deathmatch are probably the only active game modes at the moment. The others could do with a reboot, as they're fun to play... when there's enough players.The Bad - SingleplayerI honestly can't really fault the singleplayer. There is one thing though. It can be very easy to speedrun. Grab one of the sniper rifles and just headshoot everyone. Job done. Of course, some armored enemies require a little melee time, but with two or three shots you can drop them just as easily. It can ruin the fun, but it's completely feasible.Oh, there's also the whole Michael Ironside thing. Yes, Fisher does appear younger. No, it won't stop you from enjoying the game. You'll get used to it. Or perhaps not. It's really up to you.My negative points reside mostly with the game launcher rather the game itself. Ubisoft only had to go and slap Uplay on its products AGAIN. Why even bother releasing this on Steam if it was going to need Uplay anyway?! For example. I load Uplay (ugh, I know) and click 'Play' on Blacklist. It then says... 'loading Steam. Please wait for your game to load from there'. Like... wut. Then Steam launches Blacklist, then it goes BACK to Uplay and Blacklist opens up. ???Not only the Uplay interface a pain to reach on a laptop (since it's Shift + F2 and laptop users have to press FN as well...) but it's slow as hell and actually caused me to crash Blacklist once.Ugh.The Bad - SVMHere we go. I'm leaving coop out of this by the way.Spies vs. Mercs feels like another company developed it and just slapped it onto the main game. Seriously. The sonar vision is completely different to the sonar vision in singleplayer, the way the stun crossbow works is different, there's no crouch sprint... the list goes on. When I first started playing, I got bugs. I mean... BUGS. One particularly game breaking bug was the fact that every time I went into cover and left it, I'd stand up and start sprinting around. It was hella annoying. Ubisoft put out THREE patches and none of them fixed it. It was only after I'd posted a couple ideas and experiments of the forums that someone else picked it up and fixed it. A fix, from the community ._.If you're buying Blacklist for the SVM, wait for a deal. SVM, in its current state, is just not worth it. Overrun with hackers and the likes, SVM has become a tense community, filled with paranoid players who don't trust each other. And why should they? With Ubisoft turning their back on the game, with no dedicated servers (Host changed. Migrating match.) and no anti-cheat system, you have no idea who could be hacking, or who's just damn lucky. Tired of the hackers? Want to quit the match? Tough. Ubisoft removed the Quit Match button to 'reduce the number of unfair rage quitters'. Uhm, wut.Seriously, all the more reason to team up with people you trust and can communicate with. You can still beat hackers, because they're dumb. They can whiz around and kill you with one bullet, but they're idiots who can still be killed with Death From Above and unexpected melees. Even hackers bleed.The ConclusionConviction was fun, but Blacklist brings more to the table. With new ways to play, and new gadgets to play with, the singeplayer and coop are definitely a must. Just watch out for the SVM, it might not be what you were completely expecting.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist is a 9 / 10."
,Recommended,235600,7713223,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Splinter Cell Blacklist combines the best elements of Conviction and its predessors into one fine package. A package that deserved more attention, because even though Splinter Cell is still popular, it didn't manage to sell enough copies.Anyway, Blacklist lets you play as Sam Fisher (who else ?), but with an all-new voice actor this time. Michael Ironside will be sorely missed, but I have to admit the new voice of Sam did a very decent job.The game has plenty of content, including single-player missions, co-op missions, multiplayer and even a metagame. The single-player portion can be completed in roughly 10 hours. I didn't have a chance to try the other modes just yet. The single-player missions can be played with a stealthy approach, as an action hero killing everyone you see or a mix of those two. Since this is Splinter Cell I'm thinking most of us will play this game in stealth mode and use a more action oriented approach if they're ever discovered.The graphics look extremely well and the game is a blast to play. It also runs at a solid 60FPS, something I personally adore.Blacklist looks like a compilation of all previous games and as a result it's, in my opinion, the best game yet, or the more complete one anyway.[Rating: 93/100]"
,Not Recommended,235600,13409324,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Blanche Noir,"It seems the 5 years between Chaos Theory and Conviction had everyone forget what made the series so different than everything else.""Stealth Action Redefined"" was the original subtitle of Splinter Cell. I always thought that the point of a secret agent was that his existence remained as much a secret as possible. In SC:B, it's quite the contrary.The SC fans will likely opt for the Ghost approach. In SC:B, being a Ghost means you can be seen by the enemy as long as you knock him out within a second. You can knock out as many people as you want, shoot out light bulbs, destroy cameras, you name it. The next morning, nobody will remember a thing and will probably blame the destroyed light bulbs and cameras on a power surge or something.You'll go on this mission where you must hack some computers, and where, if you're ""detected"", the enemy will wipe out the data and the mission will be a failure. But apparently, if you knock out the entire base before hacking the servers, it's not suspicious at all and they won't wipe out the data, because, bleh.And if you remain completely invisible without leaving as much as a drop of sweat, the game rewards you with a lame 11000 points and a few thousand dollars. If you opt for wiping out the whole base, you'll get 20000+ points and even more money. Even shooting light bulbs rewards you with money.Everything that was challenging in the previous games is now gone.It's a somewhat fun game, but it's pretty far from what made Splinter Cell ""redefine the stealth action"" genre. Sadly, I don't think it's ever coming back"
76561197991756666,Recommended,235600,13709582,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,nerk hayze,"The game has high re-play value, & to all that play it, it is addictive & interesting.It is after the release of this game that Tom Clancy moved on from us. I couldn't stop fretting that DEV's should FAITHFULLY consult with microscopic detail his archive of writings on further releases from Tom Clancy.This game impressed me SO MUCH.(about this time Edward Snowden of the NSA began his expose' making many doubt his sincerity as an NSA agent against Sam Fisher's :-))Plainly put this game is like CONVICTION and a sequel to it, although it is similar, the bound controls for CONVICTION differ, I re-configured mine to match BLACKLIST. Iunderstoodhere how controls can make a game feel clunky or smooth. THIS game is the smoothest of all Tom Clancy : Sam Fisher releases, the ultimate creation (ito gameplay) of all of the previous installments.There is also play that must be completed on your ANDROID to unlock additional gear for your missions, the SPLINTER CELL BLACKLIST companion app, downloadable from google-play (free).Notes.-Multiplayer has 5 different modes.-Multiplayer hasonly 4 maps.-FPSis available in multiplayer.I purchased all the DLC and was satisfied with my choice.I want this game to win steam award because I want more of this game..i want a sequel :)I highly recommend this game."
76561198000861562,Recommended,235600,23157248,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Z0mBi3,"Finally played this game that I've wanted to try for a very long time. Blacklist came out 2013, and I have to say that it still looks brilliant. It was a blast to play since the game is very nice optimized. SLI supported so I played it on ultra at 1440p, 144 fps. This most have been one of the best looking games of 2013, because it's still impressive.Personally I would really like to play this in first person. There's 2 missions where you can play first person, but the rest is in third person. I looked around for a camera option, but I found that there is none. It's only in the missions that they selected. Too bad about that, because I though that was a lot more fun.The strong part of this game is in my opinion the story. A terror group called the engineers is threatening USA with attacks if they don't pull back their troups out of other countries. Sam Fisher and his team is trying to find the people behind it, and the cutscenes add a lot to the story. Voice-acting and lip-sync is good and help the story out. What kept me playing to the end was absolutely to see how the story ended, and I liked it.There's a pretty cool upgrade system. You get points based on what you playstyle is. Combat, panther or ghost. Now I tried to sneak a little, but most of the time I went for combat. Since I chose the combat/panther path I upgraded my gear for that. More powerful weapons, and gear with better armor. If you wanna sneak better you can upgrade to more sneaky gear and gadgets. I really like that I got the choice and wasn't forced to play in any perticular way. Some missions are unfortunately sneak only, but it's limited. Those missions frustrated me a little, but I can look past it.I didn't feel like the guns had that powerful feeling and the gunplay was a little dull in my opinion. Melee takedowns was cool though. I though the gunplay was much better in the few first person missions. I just wish I could choose to play that way in every mission. But that's really the only downside that I personally felt.All in all, this is a good AAA-game that you can play in your own way. Blacklist has a nice story, that is pretty lenghty and definitely replayable, with maps that have multiple paths and bonus objectives. I rushed through it and it still took me about 10 hours, but if you want you can spend a lot more time then that. I'm personally done with blacklist after one  playthrough and have no desire to go back, but im still glad I played it. I simply have a lot of other games I wanna play too, but if you are that person that like to play a game many times over, this is probably a game for you.There is a lack of stealth games on the market, and this is one of the better ones. It runs super well, sounds good and the gameplay is fun. Sure I have some criticism on it, but it's minor things that most people won't care about. I would recommend it to everyone that like sneak games, third person shooters and games with a good story. I'm happy I played it, even though it wasn't what I expected before going in. I think people should give it a shot, on sale or even at full price. Gunplay was no more then decent in my opinion, but story, stealth, graphics and optimization made up for it."
,Recommended,235600,12930154,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,d00d3n,"I like the game, but my big complaint is that the rewards structure is kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up. Why does the game only reward you for sticking to one of the three pure styles? The game is tedious to play 100% ghost, but playing 100% panther makes it really difficult to immerse yourself as a covert military operative. I tried to do a combination of both styles (trying to stay hidden but using weapons when necessary), but the game seemed to punish me for my decision when scores were tallied at the end of each level. I guess you can ignore the scores and the game telling you that you failed to reach the designated goals as a ghost or as a panther, but for me it felt unfair to be punished for trying to play pragmatically in synch with the story."
,Recommended,235600,15986289,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,RockstarCRO,"Is this game better than Chaos Theory or Double Agent? Not quite, but it does give the splinter cell series another variance, or at least a build off of Conviction.The first probable thing the player will note is that Michael Ironside, the original voice of Sam Fisher is no longer in the game. This is brutally apparent as the new voice actor is simply way too soft and cannot be taken seriously. What is sort of nice though, instead of walking around in a warehouse like in double agent, Sam is now on a giant airplane which is his new mobile air base. This essentially is the RPG element to the game. You may update everything from your inventory, to your suit, even to the airplane adding special GPS features or infirmary upgrades. The main map table the player is able to approach allows the player to choose single player, co-op, or multiplayer game modes.The story revolves around terrorists in which every few days they activate a new doomsday type of scenario (poisoning water, remote explosive, etc...). The pitch here is that Sam is to prevent the doomsday before occurring. Old faces prod up such as Anna Grimsdottir and new characters also join the team. At one point in the game, you switch from Sam's 3rd person view to his partners, Isaac Briggs first person view (there is also first person view in multiplayer spies vs mercs). The story is interesting and does provide good plot points, but I can't help feel it's a little corny at times.Thegame playseems like a cross breed of Conviction and Double Agent. I like the game, but it seems like sometimes you can simply rush through and shoot anyone. Not certainly a bad thing as Sam Fisher is quick to shoot, but it went from a fear of being spotted, to now simply bouncing from cover to cover. The cover system is neat and let's you plant yourself where you want to be with a simple look (using the right thumb stick) and pressing A to initiate the action. Blind fire like Gears of War is available and outlines of where enemies think you are, show up when you move to another spot. Technical aspects such as these exist in the game with the complement of Sam's gadgets such as sticky cameras or grenades. The game play it alright, and feels sort of boxy and restricting at times unlike the other Splinter Cells. Lethal and non-lethal take down options are available and hiding the bodies (or throwing them for that matter) sometimes becomes fun and easy. Throughout the game, Sam receives cold hard cash depending on his performance on the mission. This money can be used to unlock further gear, guns, or gadgets that suit you. Sam's movements are smooth, but I feel Double Agent just feels a little better than this one. I like the three combat system score they have in game. Panther (silent kills), combat, and stealth all make up your unique performance. At times, you will feel Sam can take on an entire army. Then there are times where taking on a guy with armor suddenly becomes tricky. Stealth is still here, but it isn't as authentic as it was in Chaos Theory or the first.Thesoundsandgraphicsare good. You will hear Sam make his usual remarks throughout levels. Side commentary relevant to the game, especially when Sam's calling out there's dogs up ahead, is certainly helpful. The menu music to background music is good. When you get caught though, it isn't as suspenseful as the first SC. They tried nailing every little last piece of sweat on everyone's face.Soundsare appropriate as multiple gun types are available. It's nice to hear a silencer do it's job or an AK go off and alert everyone in the vicinity.The only way they could have made this game better (from the rating I'm about to give it) was to add a LOCAL co-op feature. I'm not sure why everyone thinks no one plays video games together anymore, but adding that would have been an astounding addition to the game. That, and getting Michael Ironside back. He literally made Sam Fisher who he is today.Rating : 7.8/10.GameplayB+Story / CampaignB+Visuals / User InterfaceB+Sounds / MusicBReplay-abilityB+OverallB+Would recommend a buy on sale, it's a good game with a lot to do, but I feel previous Splinter Cells had much more ingenuity put into them. This feels like Conviction 2.0 + DLC. It does provide, however, a lot of replay-ability. Multiplayer, co-op, and singler player should keep you occupied just enough. It would have easily hit a 8+ with local co-op.***I should add, indeed you need uPlay, but if you take a second and set it up properly, you can run this game through steam without a problem. Again, yes, it's uPlay... but this is definitely a game worthsetting it upfor!ScreenShots :They changed the detection system to make it more simple. I find Chaos did a better jobExecution feature of the game is still presentThis is the RPG element I spoke of in the reviewThe game is discreet in showing what actions you can do, and where you can do themSomething to do aboard the PaladinNew face of Sam FisherScreenShots : Co-opCo-op screenshot, distracting the guard holding me hostage as he shoots himSome areas you cannot proceed until both of you are thereCommunication is pretty vital, so wearing a headset really helpsEven your partners ghost is viewable by you"
,Recommended,235600,7781032,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,bobby light,"I was surprised by Blacklist, it's a lot of fun for a Tom Clancy game made post golden era. The story is alright in single player, nothing to write home about. Love all the weapons/gadgets you can unlock by playing, with the need to earn virtual money to buy each one, I spent a lot of time re-doing missions/co-op to earn more money for all the items. Re-doing missions with different loadouts or going different playstyles is a lot of fun.The co-op missions are even better online, and a lot of fun. Just wish they had built in VOIP as it's sometimes hard to tell your teammate not to do something stupid.The PVP multiplayer is kind of meh. Yes they brought back spy vs mercs but it just feels very unbalanced and unfair at times. It really comes down to being a spy, hiding in a shadow, run up to merc, press x, boom merc is dead, rinse repeat. Gets old.OTHER than that, the CO-OP is fun, the single player is fun, and it's a lot of fun unlocking everything and re-doing missions. Well worth it for less than $30. (check Ebay, you can usually buy a key from there for around $20)"
,Recommended,235600,28488203,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kexmeister,"GameplayThe gameplay is centered around stealth. But you can also ignore it and just kill everybody that stands in your way. You have three styles of play: Staying undetected and sneaking by enemies, staying undetected and silently eliminating enemies, or just go into combat. - The game rewards you in all ways. There's also a lot of gadgets with different abilities as well as co-op and multiplayer modes.Graphics and VisualsThe graphics look really good, I really don't understand the rumors that say they are outdated. Seems to be a console issue, since it was released for previous-gen consoles just as the current ones were marketed.StoryAs far as I'm concerned, the story is pretty good and lasts about 10-14 hours, depending on your playstyle. It revolves around a terrorist group launching weekly attacks on America, which they'll stop only if all the US troops return to their homes. The US government forms a counter-terrorist team with Fifth Freedom policies to stop the terrorists.Seems to be your everyday Clancy-esque thing.LongevityAs you can see, I've clocked more than 100 hours on this majestic game, and I didn't get the chance to play multiplayer. The different styles of play, co-op, side missions and DLC keep you in the game.OptimizationIt ran fine on our medium-rig PC, only some minor FPS drops.SummaryThe game is extremely underrated, it may be different from the classic Splinter Cell games, but it is a damn great title on its own and an overwhelming upgrade from Conviction.9 splinters out of 10"
,Recommended,235600,20361737,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Obscura ツ,Great Stealth-Game with a good story.Pros:- Multiplayer is still working- Co-op Mode- Good Story- Great GameplayCons:- Partially frustrating checkpoints
,Recommended,235600,1564621,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Roo2T,"I do recommend to purchase this game but only when it is on big sale and I will explain why in details.First of all, I have to be honest - I am SC fan and I was playing the series right from the first title. And yes, I do not care about graphics - more about overall atmosphere. Though I do care about how devs supporting their product.PROs:The game has very good single player and if you play it right it feels like that old SC's that I loved so much - you can do the things silently or even without touching anyone (there are some counter-examples though). I have to mention ""train break-in"" and believe me you won't be happy with this situation if you are fully stealth player. Overall, single player is a good way to entertain yourself for another day or two but that's all. If you are the ""loud guy"" you can also re-play everything as panther or assault. The only question remains is why those awesome night infiltrations have gone? You encounter only several in this installment.CO-OP. Well, it took the best features of SC Conviction co-op and executed them just perfectly - it is another great game to play with a good friend of yours for some time. The only thing I don't love is that it is way too short (I am also extremely dissapointed with that Briggs'  missions never-ending bug, but let's keep it aside as it might get fixed). It's an outstanding co-op if you play it right - you have all the tools you need but if you fail to deliver you are the only one to blame.However, the thing I was so excited about is SvM (Spies vs Mercs). This was initially introduced in Pandora Tomorrow and in next installment, Chaos Theory, it keep many gamers entertained for years. Double Agent also presented us with SvM but it was not so popular. With no SvM in Conviction I though that the series is getting worse (like many others on the market, sadly) but SvM got its place back in Blacklist. It is so much fun that you can play it for hours and hours, again and again. It is almost perfectly balanced, and, aside for some bugs, you can equally good play as a merc and spy and there is no loosy side really. You might think that one side is better than the other one at first, but as soon as you start to use your equipment properly and your skill increases - you will see that SvM is balanced nicely. I was in worldwide top 15 at the moment of writing so I do know what I am talking about. What about modes - I was so hooked by SvM Blacklist that I abolished that SvM Classic mode, which many claim not to be classic (and I agree with them). They re-introduced Deathmatch as well, which still looks weird for me, even though my beloved Chaos Theory also had one. For newcomers I recommend to try out SvM Blacklist and SvM Extraction.Points are - if you are looking for Chaos Theory Redefined - Blacklist is a good choice as it is Chaos Theory ideas blended with some Conviction mechanics. If you are looking for exact copy of Chaos Theory or Pandora Tomorrow - you better look for an unsold copy of CT or PT at your local store - Blacklist has different focus - it is more action-driven than Chaos Theory (single-player and co-op) and  more diverse in terms of SvM. Yet it has many bugs in each of the modes of game so you have to live with it. However, as I have been playing CT for years I glad I now have something else to play.CONs:Major technical issues - Ubisoft failed everywhere it can. Let's start:General. You have reinstalled your game?  Congratulations, your saves, DLCs and friends on the list are now messed up. Everybody complains about it since the release and nothing was done here. You have high-end PC? Well, that's good for you but still you will witness FPS drops, launch failures and whatever the game can possibly present you with. Even on Official Gameplay reveal day the game crashed. ANd again, Ubisoft fails to make it work.Single-player. There are moments when you are forced to use your weapons or whatever you don't want to as a ghost. Many missions are just not from Splinter Cell world and you have to deal with it. Ending? Well, you have to wait for someone to think of something else. After some patches Sam are likely to bash all doors he can see. Definitely an improvement.Co-op. Short. And by this I mean extremely short. Random picture distortions, FPS drops in some locations. You can spend 2 hours passing the last Briggs' mission in ghost style just to face the never-ending bug. And what Ubisoft has done about it? They say, start over. That's all. Additionaly, you might be unable to play with your friend - you can play with randoms but not with your beloved friend who also bought this game.Multiplayer (SvM). Ubisoft completely failed technical part here. You can see half of animation of you killing a person and then you drop dead and that person is near death. You can see Merc's reloading animation yet he completes reloading in the middle of animation and shoots you. Many complaints - nothing was done here. You will kill (and be killed) your enemies while they are already behind cover just because you started shooting early. You can sometimes see spies through cover when they stick to it. Some pieces of spy gear (takedown gloves) has absolutely no real effect - even support cannot say what it does exactly. And there are many, many more issues in SvM. Oh, one more thing..Cheating? It is allowed so you can't really distinct between really good players and cheaters unless their cheating effect is obvious.Overall, 7.0/10. If not some major issues - the game might be perfect one. Though Ubisoft managed to fail another good title."
,Recommended,235600,18915318,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,max,"Feels like... Splinter Cell!(tldr is the overall impression on the bottom)I've been a huge Splinter Cell fan since the first part and so played every single one of the franchise.So I felt like Chaos Theory was the last )real(and best!) Splinter Cell in terms of gameplay and stealthiness. The 2 following games,Double AgentandConvictionfelt quite disappointing and not like good 'ol Splinter Cell to me.That being said, I was unsure if I really should giveBlacklista chance, as I also was warned that it might disappoint me aswell.When the game was offered for around 10 bucks, I decided to give it a try.And honestly I was quite surprised!The positive :+ the game offers you to choose your own playstyle. You're able to choose between 3 different approaches each mission: Ghost (remain unseen and no kills!), Panther (no alarms and stealthy kills) and Assault (just shoot at everything in your sight). If you want to have that original Splinter Cell feel, you definitely should go for Ghost, as it is the most fun (Panther too, but it feels too easy) and I think also most rewarding gamestyle.+ you can do a lot of sidemissions and you're still able to do a lot of stuff after the quite short main campaign (around 8-10 hours, depending on how your playstyle is)+ a lot of different weapons and gadgets.+ the story is quite alright, although nothing really extraordinary. But it does keep up the tension (although you might already know how it ends anyway)+ the maps/levels are quite cool, also because not everything is during night.The neutral :~ it has a coop mode! (Note: I didn't really play it, so I won't judge it as positive or negative. But there are still people who play it, so go ahead!)~ Uplay. While I'm actually not bothered by it, some people may see this as  negative. I just wanted to mention it, but it doesn't really bother me. A negative point would be that your achievments can only be seen in Uplay, but that's it for me.~ The soundtrack is alright, but nothing outstanding. Does fit to the game.~ Graphics are decent, too. The game is around 2-3 years old, so it should run on most computers. Nothing special, though.The negative :- I'll start with the biggest one: the last bossfight.Oh god, it's so awful. I don't what their aim was for that one, but it is boring, annoying and you don't really know what to do. I think I needed to do it 5-6 times, not because it was difficult but because it's so confusing. As it is the only boss fight, it's forgiveable, but it will be my alltime favorite for worst boss fight of all time. ( I don't want to spoil your *fun*, so that's everything I'll say about it)- cheesy characters and dialogues.The hacker dude really has some cringe-worthy moments and lines (tells a bad joke, nobody laughs, he says ""What?"". Oh god.)  and is such a stereotypical character. Also some dialogues are just too action cliché like. It isn't that bad, but I can't just overlook it .- The main story is quite short, but I think the additional side missions somehow make up for it.Overall impression:I generally recommend this game, as it feels like old splinter cell again (if you're choosing to play ghost!).I wouldn't say that it is a must have because of some minor to major flaws but if you're a fan of the Splinter Cell series and a fan of stealth games, I definitely would say that you should pick it up! Also because it isn't that expensive right now and most importantly it's fun!Gets 80/100."
,Recommended,235600,29497025,Posted: 25 January,all,Sharik,"Basic informationTitle:Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: BlacklistDeveloper(s):Ubisoft TorontoPublisher(s):UbisoftGenre(s):Action Adventure, Modern, General, ModernSingleplayer:YesMultiplayer:YesNumerical ImpressionOverall*/10AI7Atmosphere9Gameplay10Graphics8Characters7Optimization8Originality8Sound9Soundtrack7Story9Ratings82/100General ImpressionSplinter Cell: Blacklist is a very strong game that is a true sequel to Conviction. It triumphs in a well-thought out and intense story. It incorporates side missions that add to the game rather than negate from the overall experience. It has compelling characters that are likeable and does not omit their past issues. And, I praise Ubisoft for creativity in regards to the Paladin and the SMI being the main interface. I played 16 hours of Blacklist and the majority was spent in single player, which exceeded my expectations, but the multiplayer hurt my overall score of the game. Regardless, I loved this so I highly recommend this game."
76561198073669407,Recommended,235600,10515008,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,FluffyInquisitor,"The game is great!Uplay, not so much..."
76561198009399102,Not Recommended,235600,7864104,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BaconHer0,"First up, this requires UPLAY which is an instant negative.Next, the game's starting UI design is very annoying. You start in a windowed mode and get thrown straight into the game, you can't change your controls, video settings until the intro for the tutorial mission plays out and you're in the level. No main menu is given to you to load or adjust settings initially.I've played one sitting and then quit. When I returned to the game, MY PROGRESS WAS NOT SAVED!! I had to restart from the beginning again! There's no load game option... I can't resume to where I left off! WTF!--------------------------------------On the game itself - I've played almost every Splinter Cell game (SC1, Pandora, Chaos Theory, Double Agent, Conviction) obsessively since the franchise began.I was one that hated (ok, disliked) Metal Gear and loved SC's methodical and open approach to stealth, and would play the games over and over, and did Ghosts runs/No disturbing enemies and no alerts.I rented and finished Conviction in 1 day and actually enjoyed it as brainless fun even though it was the least favourite of the series.I had hoped that Blacklist would be the return to SC's former glory.-------------------------------Unfortunately, while Blacklists incorporates stealth elements back into the game... it feels very restricted. The levels are on rails and the enemies perform the same routines over and over.There doesn't seem to be variation in AI pathing and behaviour, everything is scripted in a very linear manner.If you follow specific timings you can automatically get through stealth sections as a routine. It almost feels like a bot could be programmed to run through the levels because of how little randomness there is.The KB + Mouse controls are very awkward and more than once Sam climbed over a car instead of shifting to an adjacent side. This is one of those games where you need a controller, and that's understandable given SC's console origin.All in all - I recommend RENTING this game if you're playing SP. I haven't tried the MP yet so I can't comment on it. If you have a console, go down and rent this from the shop, it's not worth buying IMO."
,Recommended,235600,23188037,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,HVA_HeadBusta,The best Splinter Cell game since Chaos Theory.
,Recommended,235600,34063891,Posted: 6 August,all,OMEGA44-XT,Great game. I hope they release its next installment soon.Tip: Buy it during sale
,Recommended,235600,30253958,Posted: 28 February,all,A991.2,Ubi PLS make more splinter cell its been 4 years
,Recommended,235600,17081365,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rochin,Best f***ing terrorist hunting simulator ever.
,Recommended,235600,23972289,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Antwog,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a stealth third-person shooter developed by Ubisoft Toronto and published by Ubisoft. It was released in August 2013. Blacklist is a very good game that excels in freedom of approach in mission in which complements the excellent story. The main protagonist is Sam Fisher and Fisher is one of the main operatives part of the new Fourth Echelon. Blacklist incorporates a new story while expanding and not forgetting events that occurred in the previous game Conviction. This review will discuss the campaign in relation to missions and story, the gameplay and the Paladin, the multiplayer, and the graphics and performance. I did not play the DLC.CampaignBlacklist features a very intense campaign that shifts the dynamic from typical FPS shooters. The Fourth Echelon's motive is to combat The Engineers, who are perpetrators of the Blacklist and these are a bunch of attacks aimed at America with a countdown on each event. Your team lives on a Paladin and uses a Strategic Mission Interface (SMI) and this replaces the traditional menu screen in other FPS games. It features a world map and allows you to coordinate your plans. For instance, you can play campaign missions, side missions, and the multiplayer portion. The SMI is very unique and frankly I love it because it fit right into the context of the story and setting. In saying that, it was frustrating to launch the game to play multiplayer with friends only to be inserted right into the campaign because I was unaware that the SMI was a thing and was the main UI of the game. Upon beginning the game there was already tension attached to the story and a sense of urgency. This is where Blacklist excels at, making sure the prologue kick-starts the story and each mission and the overall story are progressed while never ceasing intensity. Furthermore, Blacklist improves on the storytelling aspect of making Sam's personality shine through his drive on stopping The Engineer and not doing it sorely for his daughter Sarah Fisher because in Conviction all his motives were for her, so it provides a nice change.I highly praise the dialogue because the profound amount of it complements the story. For instance, it's refreshing that after every campaign mission there is new dialogue for all team members, Sam and other personnel. I think the dialogue adds to the characterisation of all characters within the game by creating diversities between each while not forgetting past issues. The game features sixteen refreshing side missions. I love it because there is a total of sixteen missions from four different team members and all have unique objectives, gameplay approaches and add to the overall story. They have good length and while they are not long as the main campaign, they are not short which means they feel significant and not unnecessary. Lastly, the various missions are set in different locations in the world so the feature does not ever feel stale. The campaign overall was excellent but I felt it really missed the jackpot. It's difficult to explain without spoilers but I felt that the game could have had some more time to breathe because the motives of The Engineers were major and certain sequences in the campaign were significant so I think more explanation and more storytelling would have added a ton to the quality of the overall game and story. But, for what was presented, it still was great.GameplayThe game's core component is the Paladin. The Paladin is a plane that is the home of Fourth Echelon and that is where you conduct all briefings for missions and communication with team members. It is very unique because the Paladin is the operations area for the campaign, it includes the SMI, which as stated replaces the traditional menu, and it is involved in a major way that I will not spoil. Furthermore, you can upgrade it using in-game currency that you earn through completing missions and challenges. For instance, you can upgrade the medical bay on the plane to improve your health during missions. In other words, I commend Ubisoft for creating something new to use and I think it worked for them.Blacklist features standard FPS gameplay but moreover expands on the gameplay and combat known to the Splinter Cell series.  It emphasises experiment on how you approach your missions as the majority of missions you can approach with gun-fire and action or proceed with stealth, so it expands on the Splinter Cell concept in being secretive in your movements and actions but has enough leeway that certain missions do not penalise you for shooting people without stealth. I believe the overall gameplay quality feels more fresh and fluid and is a clear upgrade from Conviction.MultiplayerI enjoyed the classic multiplayer mode of Spies vs. Mercs. It features 4v4 games with different maps. Each map had varied objectives as one map would have the attacking team find positions and plant bombs while the defenders had to defuse them or, the attacking team would have to hack certain positions and get data while the defenders had to stop them. So this mode is fun as there were diverse objectives on varied maps and the servers do have a niche fan base. I found the matches to be rewarding by the end but at the same time, frustrating if on the losing end.With positives comes its negatives and the multiplayer had some serious and unfixed issues. For one, you cannot leave a multiplayer match, enough said. Secondly, I hated the spawn positioning because there was frequent spawn killing and frequent enemy players spawning right next to some of the objectives. Lastly, online players have very high sensitivity, particularly among walls, because I found a lot of the time I was sprinting I would latch onto walls instead of sprinting and potentially killing an enemy.  So, I found the gameplay portion of online to be sloppy.Performance/GraphicsI played the game on high settings with v-sync off. I obtained mostly a 50-60 FPS window making for mostly smooth gameplay. With these settings, the graphics were good and there were some nice textures and colours, but for the most part they feel dated. My screenshot showcase has some screenshots of within the game and its settings.NegativesI was extremely annoyed at the game starting in windowed mode on every launch and also the game reverting to windowed mode whenever I alt-tabbed. I also encountered some bugs in the campaign and multiplayer but the main source of in-game issues was with the coop/side missions component which in some missions was mostly unstable and buggy. Other than these negatives, the other negatives I encountered were mentioned above.OverallSplinter Cell: Blacklist is a very strong game that is a true sequel to Conviction. It triumphs in a well-thought out and intense story. It incorporates side missions that add to the game rather than negate from the overall experience. It has compelling characters that are likeable and does not omit their past issues. And, I praise Ubisoft for creativity in regards to the Paladin and the SMI being the main interface. I played 26 hours of Blacklist and the majority was spent in single player, which exceeded my expectations, but the multiplayer hurt my overall score of the game. Regardless, I loved this so I highly recommend this game.RatingsRatings are calculated by adding up each discussed component and averaging them. Then, I take out or add points to the overall score depending on the severity of issues or negatives with the game.Campaign: 9.5/10Gameplay: 9.5/10Multiplayer: 7/10Performance/Graphics: 8.5/10Overall: 8.75/10Thanks for reading my review! If you liked this review, rate it and join my review group.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page.http://store.steampowered.com/app/235600/"
76561197999416881,Not Recommended,235600,25773678,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Apocalypse,"Splinter Cell:Blacklist is a perfect example of how Ubisoft developers have perfected the 'sneak and peak spy genre' but fail to focus on the things that make Splinter Cell a great series.Splinter Cell: Blacklist is confused about what it wants to be. On the cover it is a spy-themed game about infiltration and the gathering of intelligence, but on the inside it wants to be a game about shooting people and blowing things up - which I dont think it does particularlly well.I enjoy the campaign missions and I have found that the storyline isn't half bad, but the majority of side missions, known as '4E'  are repeditive, lack creativity, and generally go against what the game series is good at. For example, the objective of most 4E missions to kill everyone - some missions are just a seemingly endless wave of enemy fighters that you have to kill.Once again, a franchise is ruined by developers who tailor their games to the twitch shooter crowd. You took Ghost Recon and now you've taken Splinter Cell."
76561198128723246,Not Recommended,235600,17318838,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,AJ2503,UPLAY is like malware. Do you realise that the pirated versions of this game cause players less hassel because uplay isn't involved? What is the message you're trying to put out? I already regret buying this game because of uplay but the developers really deserve my money. I LOVE the game. HATE uplay.
76561198088947898,Recommended,235600,25941168,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Eggsy,"Fun stealth game. Worth picking up on sale or if you want to play the co-op with a friend. You'll only get about 10-15 hourrs out of the campaign and the multiplayer is dead so dont expect too many hours spent playing this, however its good while it lasts."
,Recommended,235600,12367097,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Venesect,"Splinter Cell has been a series I can remember starting. I played the very first one on the original Xbox with my step sister and have then played every continuing title. Of course this brings me to the newest one, Splinter Cell Blacklist. Blacklist is a spy, thriller, and action game all in one. One of the most iconic things about the series is the protagonist himself, Sam Fisher. Fisher has one of the most recognized voices in gaming, however in this iteration they used a different voice actor (I'm not entirely sure why). Though, I think the new voice actor portrays Fisher very well. He still embodies Fisher in character and spirit.The premise of the game isn't anything new, the generic ""Terrorists are attacking us, we need to figure out why and stop them."" However, I think this story arc is an interesting one as it takes place in a variety of locations that all have a unique feel to them. Gameplay wise, it feels just like Splinter Cell has always felt. You've got your stealth mechanics that require patience, skill, and wits. While stealth has always been the preferred method, they've included ways that allow you to be a ruthless killer in the shadows along with going on an all out assault. There are a ton of weapons you can use and that are customizable with scopes, attachments, and ammo types. Gadgets play a big role, maybe even bigger than the previous games it feels. There are several that are also customizable. Sticky cams, noise makers, and tricopters let you take different approaches to a level. Want to scope out ahead and mark or even neutralize the enemies? Fly that tricopter in and use the sticky shock shooter it has attached. Need to lure a few guards away to make a quick escape? Throw a noise maker in the opposite direction. The ways you can utilize these gadgets is endless. Though, the problem that stems with this is that sometimes it makes the levels feel too easy. Once you unlock the sonar goggles (I think there are a few more levels past that but I didn't bother), you pretty much have it easy from there on. Being able to see the enemies through walls allows you to anticipate them easier, there's even one that tracks footsteps I believe.Back to the level design, I'd say it's fairly well done. For the most part the levels are pretty straight forward (not linear per se). You go from point A to point B to complete your objective. There are different paths you can take inbetween that allows you to mix things up and still not feel too linear. When you explore and find that one spot, you'll usually come out with an advantage. These paths can make things easier when you're aiming for a no kill approach to the game, which frankly makes the game way harder than it needs to be (there is a professional mode as well, will go through on a second playthrough to do that). The game takes a good while to go through, my play through was about 15 hours and then I did a few of the side missions. I also ended up taking my time, making sure I could memorize the enemy patterns and when my best oppurtunity was. I think the pacing is pretty good. I wouldn't complain that it's too short because I wanted to keep playing so it was nice when I wasn't able to anticipate when it would end right away.There's also a multiplayer where it's Spy vs. Merc, but I haven't played that, I wasn't too interested. I believe all of the missions allow a co-op option which sounds like a lot of fun. Some paths are geared towards having another teammate like an extra high ledge you'd only be able to reach with one. If you have a friend, I'd say give it a go and play through it coop, it'd be a lot of fun.So all in all, I would recommend this to anyone who has played and enjoyed the previous Splinter Cell games and anyone who enjoys stealth and being a spy. I wouldn't say it's the best in the series, (Chaos Theory holds that spot) but it's one of the better ones. It's graphically amazing, gameplay stays true to the series, and a fairly decent story."
76561197970370533,Not Recommended,235600,8955193,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,squizo,Do not buy this game if you want to play it with a friend. It won't work.If you like the singleplayer you should pirate the game. Do not support Ubisoft for being $%&%$&%&.
,Recommended,235600,32680764,Posted: 23 June,all,Guardian of Gotham,MASTERPİECE
76561197971967823,Not Recommended,235600,34743460,Posted: 4 September,all,olibirkhead,"My favouite thing about ubisoft's Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist Standard Edition developed by ubisoft was the fact that I was forced to get uPlay by ubisoft, which failed to register my details properly, meaning my entire play time has involved looking at a screen saying cannot connect to servers (courtesy of ubisoft). Changing the firewall settings to force offline mode? Sorry you must login to ubisoft's uPlay the first time you play. The biggest mistake was waiting a month or so then trying again with different details. Of course still nothing (brought to you by ubisoft), and now I'm outside Steam's refund window, not that it's their fault.I'd never experienced (and was even incredulous of) the famed anti-developer rage championed by ubisoft, but now I know.Not recommended btw."
,Recommended,235600,26251306,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Solarstrike,"A 3rd person stealth & action game that will keep you busy for some time. Very challenging, superb graphics, and great sound design. There are hundreds of ways to solve an objective the choice is up to you. Many upgrades are available for your base of operations and gear. The game also has coop missions and pvp matches. Splinter Cell is a great series and Black List is one of the best. It's a great game and one that i revisit time and time again.Pros:-Outstanding level design-Great graphics-Very challenging-Lots of missionsCons:-Controls can be a bit tough to get used to at first-Enemy A.I is hit and miss"
,Recommended,235600,30645045,Posted: 20 March,all,TheDarkPyr0,"This game if bought should remember something, it is 4 years old, please do not buy it for multiplayer as it will rarely have people playing it,PROS-Different approaches to combat-Graphics arent terrible-Level Design meant to have different routes-Satisfying difficulty-Not Terrible AICONS-Its outdates and some mechanics need to be more fleshed out (Upgrades/ equipment)-It's story is cut and paste, but isnt the worst thing-Its coop is lackluster and does not live up to its standards-The Train part on perfectionist-texture qualities are sometimes poor, although I did not notice this-Voice acting didnt sell me and I knew I was playing a gameOverall this game is definitly a must buy for its price now $30, and this game although might not have as much content as the Division or the newly released Wildlands, this game can be a real time sink. Ubisoft doesnt have the best support, but I'm not stupid and was able to trouble shoot every problem without contacting them. Even with 170+ hours I will be returning to this game to make sure my steath skills dont get too rusty for the next Splinter Cell game, which was confirmed to be in development"
,Not Recommended,235600,9233397,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Carl Sagan,"After reading reviews saying that this was the second best SC game behind the truly brilliant Chaos Theory, I had high hopes that were ultimately smashed. Blacklist is a horrible amalgamation between Conviction's enjoyable-but-misplaced action gameplay, and Chaos Theory's truly inspired stealth.What you get are rather linear levels that have two or three multiple paths (with all of the logical stealthy ways locked out for co-op only), AI with x-ray vision who discover hidden bodies in bins and through walls, enemies who know your exact location after just one shot, and truly terrible gunplay with bullet deviation (not recoil) and questionable hit boxes. I have had a fully upgraded pistol with a laser sight aimed right on an enemies head in ""zoomed in/accuracy"" mode from a few metres away, and had the bullet embed itself in the wall above him, causing him to be instantly aware of exactly where I am. I've had bullets pass straight through the head of a well lined up headshot, again from close range. Ubisoft have also decided to limit the range on weapons to incredibly short distances, with pistol being effective at distances up to around 5-10 metres, and rifles up to around 20-30. This is incredibly jarring and removes any possibility of picking off enemies quietly from the distance. There is a sniper rifle in game, but I could not bear the game long enough to buy and try it. They also limit some missions to co-op only. This should be an appealing and tempting option to experience the game, not a way of punishing solo players or those (like me) who have picked it up on sale a few months after release.I am unsure if this is simply a poor port, which is possible with Ubisoft, but the game feels clunky with incredibly poor gunplay. Fundamentally there is the basis of a good game with lots of gear and weapon customisation, replayable levels, a wave-survival mode, and in-game challenges. However this is ruined by very poor gunplay (on a level of Alpha Protocol terrible), hit and miss AI who inexplicably see bodies through walls and are able to pinpoint your exact location after a misplaced shot, which is more often than not caused by the terrible gun mechanics. I really want to enjoy this game as I loved the SC games of old, but this is just a slapdash game that tries to please both the stealth and action fans, failing miserably on both fronts, whilst alienating those who play solo by cutting off a lot of map routes.4/10 - not even worth a sale buy. Pick up Chaos Theory and enjoy SC the way it is meant to be played."
,Not Recommended,235600,16806342,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,OG Timmy T,Uplay is cancer
,Recommended,235600,12893523,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[GPF] Bloodbag,"tldr:7.5/10 - Blacklist is definitely one of the good projects Ubisoft has had in the past few years. An interesting take on a 3rd person stealth-action game which should please both Splinter cell newcomers and veterans.too long part:GENERAL GAMEPLAY - 8/10As a SC veteran, I gotta say things changed a huge deal since Chaos Theory but I really enjoyed basically everything this title has to offer gameplay-wise. Controls feel pretty smooth and natural after a short while and the infamous Assassins Creeds ""press this button to either live or jump off a cliff"" syndrome is not showing its presence as much.AI difficulty settings offer an adequate challenge for everyone, while the games arcade side keeps you fairly rewarded for everything you're trying to achieve. No matter which mode you are playing, every little step forward feels good.Some people find the economy of unlocking stuff rather questionable but it's definitely not a reason to make you stop playing the game.SINGLE PLAYER - 7/10If you've never played a Splinter Cell game before, it's not a problem - there are no essential references to earlier games which allows anyone to embark on this Jack Bauer's ""24-style"" storyline with decent actors and moderately catchy story (pro-american as hell but you can't avoid that these days it seems). The game attempts to go rather back to its roots while still trying to maintain the action-hungry audience and does a very decent job at that. You can play the game the way you want and that is awesome.COOP - 7.5/10As far as the coop campaign goes, unless you have a friend to play with, the odds of matchmaing giving you a guy on the same note as you are pretty slim. There is also a nice horde mode which is good for farming money and practicing your abilities. Both modes are a lot of fun and youll most likely play each map and mission more than once. Important note is that your cash is shared in both COOP and MULTIPLAYER which is awesome and it lets new players get into the game more easily.MULTIPLAYER - 6/10Basic matchup is 1st person heavy armed mercs VS 3rd person agile spies. Modes with mixed teams and lot of variation are available. Some maps seem imba one way or another but since its not competitive, nobody really cares.Latency is a ♥♥♥♥♥ here. Due to the hand-to-hand combat system which requires a really fast response rate youll be suffering more than in most other action games.Skill and time invested really pays off here as your♥♥♥♥♥is gonna be kicked hard by higher level players, which leads me to another good point - NO LOGICAL TEAMBALANCE. The game is gonna stack the highest level players in one team and dump the rest in the other. You might as well leave before the match starts.There is NO LEGIT OPTION TO QUIT while your match is in progress which is incredibly F'n stupid."
,Recommended,235600,33079542,Posted: 1 July,all,TheUniT,"Really good story (nice humour, some things are quite sarcastic in an unnatural way but it's well done), great graphics, amazing animations (seriously, those are the best animations I've ever seen in a game). It's like a movie. Just one you can play. And it works out really well.It's propably the best of the modern Ubisoft games, at least of the ones I've played.My only complaint is that hard missions can get really frustrating, especially the survival mode in later waves and on high difficulty settings (and maps that aren't ""Pakistani Embassy""), but that's quite obvious, isn't it?I've finished the story about 5-6-ish times now and I still can't get enough. When I got tired of the game I usually got back into it some time later.Anyway, excuse me for this clusterf!uck of a review. It's a very underrated game. Let's hope they'll announce a new Splinter Cell soon-ish."
,Recommended,235600,24620703,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chad wears Yeezys,"Pros (+)+The game has a great story mode, especially the weapon selections and array of attachments+Nothing you buy with ingame currency is expensive, you get it all by playing the story+Good fun to play Co-op with a friendCons (-)-Story is short-Somewhat more unrealistic then I would've liked.TLDR - Good Game, definitely worth buying"
,Recommended,235600,30493746,Posted: 13 March,all,AutumnJelly,"Compared to Conviction, Blacklist is very good! It really feels like an AAA game, voice acting, graphics, story etc. Only thing I hate is the requirement for multiplayer on extra missions (Can't find randoms, this isn't mmorpg) You are given three styles,Ghost = Stealth non-lethal. Short range and somewhat slowPanther = Stealth-lethal and long range.Call of duty style = KILL EM ALL WITH GUNS, F*** STEALTH, THROW GRENADES, SEND EM FLYINGIt's much different from Chaos Theory now so it's a much more fast paced stealth game (No more environment sound levels, just noisy and silent). The greatest thing about this is that there's so much way you can eliminate your enemies now so being creative comes in play. The bad thing is that your gadgets aren't as useful anymore. All you need is your gun or crossbow and see through gogglesOverall 8/10"
,Recommended,235600,31999362,Posted: 27 May,all,wi[Z]ard,"Finally, after a long quest of completing the game in perfectionist mode, I am here writing this review.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist is one of best stealth game you can get your hands on.This game gives you the perfect blend of comfort and competitiveness in playing the levels.One great thing about this game is its reward system. The reward system is based upon whatstyle of gameplay you choose. Be it  Stealth or Assult.Pros:- A very well written story. Mature and Clear. A deep learning curve for great game scripts.- Game mechanics are amazing.- In game items are important and come frequently handy while playing the missions.- Controls are easy to learn, but you need timing for your moment and attacks.- Stealth concept is deeply embedded into the game.- Long gameplay for each mission. Gives the played complete satisfaction for completing each mission. Each mission can take  from 25 - 40 min on an average. ( For me , it took more than 40 mins for each )Cons:- Minor Glitches while moment. Sliding doesn't always work apparenly.- Co-op doesnt always work. I'm still struggling to connect for Co-op missions.Finally, this is one of the best stealth games I have played. I would definitely recommend this game to others.One of the must buys on Steam Sale.Keep knocking out people.-wiZard"
,Recommended,235600,26297620,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aces High w/e,"This game is the best splinter cell, i'm addicted to the ghost style, and passing rooms leaving guards undisturbed, this style makes me so relaxed but in the same time i'm so exicted about the the panther style, a style that makes me feel like a real predetor due to the corner takedowns, aerial takedowns, the mark and execute while u're grabing an enemy is so cool and fluid, i'm really feeling like i'm a spy with a steady set of skills always ready to get out of trouble or get rid of the enemy. I'm saying that is the best cause it gives to the player the favorite choice for him, the perfect match."
,Recommended,235600,17249666,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,H3FF4,"really fun game, goes back to the Roots of Splinter Cell ""feel"", with some smooth enhancments, really enjoyed this game, only wish it was a bit longer."
,Recommended,235600,19274474,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,isopropophlex,"So it's not Chaos Theory, it's not Conviction. It's an even-numbered Splinter Cell game that doesn't suck - is that not amazing enough?Featurring the redefined stealth/action mechanics in Conviction (mark & execute, faster movement, better interaction with objects to hide behind), and the tried and tested mechanics from Chaos Theory (the knife - cut through tents again, interrogation, optional slow pace and the return of the ""flaring"" equipment to signal zero visibility), this new entry adds a system of evaluating your performance under the usual alarms and detections, but refines this by scoring how you approach these detections (or how good you are if you're not detected at all).The Ghost score (stealth, no fatality) rewards the player for knockouts, non-lethal takedowns, or no detection at all  - a must for the purists. The Panther style (stealth, no alarms, lethal - can be detected, but no alarms raised) rewards those who like to kill and disappear, or who kill upon detection before an alarm is triggered, even counting bodies found. The Assault (alarms, detections, kills while in high alert) rewards those who prefer the Desert Eagle over the silenced pistol, and prefer to use stealthy approaches such as shotguns, grenades and explosions. Of course, points are given, rewards appear based on this (such as armour or tools), and allow you to level up to the ultimate agent in your own style.Each level features multiple paths and approaches to tailor the game to the player's chosen style, and allows for exploration without feeling too linear (it's a stealth game with plot-based directives, we can't all worship phantom pain and expect open-world) or constricted.The storyline continues the plot from Conviction (in a way), and pales in comparison, but keeps the player entertained enough to want to achieve goals.Visually, this game is amazing, the assets shine bright and loud, but don't cost like some games - the people in this team truly achieved some amazing work under the optimisation stage (Conviction stutters at 720 on my machine on medium, this runs just under ultra at 1080).Overall, a very well-oiled machine, with plenty of levels, plenty of routes and goals to keep the player re-trying again and again to reach perfection. One quibble though - The quadcopter was a complete waste of time. Far too gadget-loving, and cripples the difficulty in some places; avoid for true fun except where mandatory.Great fun, and welcome to most SC fans, if a little underwhelming and possibly preachy with story."
76561198387890948,Not Recommended,235600,34759683,Posted: 5 September,all,cointeiner,"2 hours is gone and I didnt even got to play yet, as setting up the Uplay account is not possible due to ""Ubisoft service is not available at the moment..."" Trying later....Then going for the suggestion ""off line mode"". Result: ""Go online to activate the game""I hate Uplay already and I dont even know what it is. Who in Ubisoft came with this idea? Marketing, Sales, Product placement or other purposeless airconsuming office salary collector?"
,Recommended,235600,7924451,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWv2rW9oLY8Watch the review for a full review!+Enjoyable singleplayer, Co-op and multiplayer gameplay+Spies vs. Mercs Returns+Exploring paladin and Interacting with the Crew+DX 11 options make this a substantial visual upgrade from console versions-First person Briggs segments-Unnecessary upgrades in multiplayer-No Michael Ironside-Tri Rotor and sleeping gas grenades make the game easy"
,Recommended,235600,26364343,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sym,This game is probably the most underrated game I've come across in a while.9.5/10
76561198227947464,Recommended,235600,24158908,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Donovan,"Yet again, Splinter Cell has proven why it is the current best stealth game on the market. I would reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good stealth game,Pros:+ Great story+ Compelling characters+ Amazing gameplay+ Addictive multiplayer+ Interesting coop+ Plenty of variety and customisationCons:- The multiplayer can be quite glicthy- Michael Ironside no longer voices Sam Fisher"
,Recommended,235600,7814880,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Blitzkrieg Toast,ok its great fun but i hate Uplay it ♥♥♥♥s everything up i love the game great graphics great story great multiplay its really fun
76561198080730475,Recommended,235600,33651448,Posted: 19 July,all,quarkzzx,Ubisoft actually made a good game
76561198250916114,Recommended,235600,34060193,Posted: 6 August,all,✪ Riv,Great game just a shame the multiplayers dead
,Not Recommended,235600,17156210,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tr1dent,DRM sucks.Can't play this game with my friend because connect issue.I seems they will never fix.
,Recommended,235600,14430657,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,steel,"Now that is what Conviction should've been! Blacklist is A M A Z I N G, it's true to the roots, it's innovative and manages to keep the perfect balance between being a ghost and being aggressive. It doesn't force you to be either stealthy or aggressive but it rewards stealth a lot more and provides a lot of ways to avoid confrontations. Brilliant missions(story, side and coop), fantastic design, addictive gameplay. New voice actor for Sam Fisher did a phenomenal job and I never really felt like ""it's not the same Sam..."". EASILY 10/10"
,Recommended,235600,34741919,Posted: 4 September,all,AFarCryAway,"Currently on sale for $8.99 USD! Worth it IMOSplintercell Blacklist is one of those games I come back to every couple of months for a quick stealth/action fix. Conviction did make the series much more casual to the dismay of many fans. However I feel that Blacklist took the new gameplay concepts of Conviction and fleshed them out into something much more addicting and engaging to play. Many of your effective abilities have hard counters from new enemy units (like not being able to use sonar goggles around electronics specialists). Customization is also improved for Sam in the form of uniform changes that alter your stats, camos for them that do not alter stats, and colors for the iconic green goggles (why would you ever change this?!).Blacklist features a full single player campaign (with only one annoying mission where you have to follow a guy without being seen), a bunch of coop missions (if the servers work for you but can be done solo), and a good amount of replayability.TLDR: Very good game for the price when on sale if you want a simple stealth action game with good customization and mission variety"
76561198008557277,Recommended,235600,12784006,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,heppsan,"This is one of the better Splinter Cell games in a while, and bringing it back to a more stealthy approach.I didn't enjoy the ones before this one as much..But I'm having a good time with Blacklist, it's a fun game!"
,Recommended,235600,27842270,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Really enjoyed this game, before this I played Splinter Cell Conviction.The mechanics of this game are a little bit changed, you can't do the roling thing that I enjoyed and at first I wasn't happy with those changes, but you get used to it quickly.Graphics have been improved a little bit and the storyline is a nice one.For the first time, you are part of a team and this team will also give you sidemissions.It has plenty of gametime, infact I enjoy it so much I want the dlc's.I recommend this game to all lovers of shooters and stealth games.You can chose to kill or kill nobody.Great game and I can't wait for the next one."
76561198018969001,Recommended,235600,32401014,Posted: 13 June,all,Pat22,"Gameplay and mechanics wise, this is a pretty good Splinter Cell game, combining both good stealth and non-lethal / lethal combat, rapid movement through environments, various enemy types.However, if you're a fan of the Splinter Cell universe, know that they butchered Sam and Grimm, turned both into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for the sake of creating artificial drama. Not only that but Sam's character is changed completely along with the new voice actor. They might as well have just introduced Sam's replacement instead.So good game that might anger older fans of the series."
,Recommended,235600,31374352,Posted: 26 April,all,Teslä // SoStronk.com,"This game is quite old and I am very late for providing people with the review.However the game itself is quite good and I still enjoy it everytime.The Single Player Campaign is incredible and takes on the mantle on Splinter Cell games and the stealth factor is quite beautiful. Like many choices you've seen in other Splinter Cells before , this game offers them extensively. The previous game ""Conviction"" was my first Splinter Cell and my first Tom Clancy's , and I am happy to say that I enjoyed this game as well I enjoyed the last one. Upgradeable Paladin (Aeroplane) and extensive loadout customization also allows you to play the game in a Hardcore (non-stealth) style as well. However I like Stealth , the mechanics could be improved and the hostile and passive hostile AI definitely needs more upgrading. The Co-Op missions are great as well , it's like jelly with peanut butter. It's delicious without it , but even better with ItSuggestion : Add a Radio Operator to ask the Hostiles check in every minute , also add features like Rain and Dust Storms to hamper line of Sight.Still what I missed from the Last game was the other splinter cell operators and invisible laser detectos.The PvP or SvM mode is great too , but I am underqualified to comment over that as I rarely played that part.A good Story worthy of Tom Clancy'sA good Stealth game worthy of the Splinter Cells"
,Not Recommended,235600,19356374,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vain06,I do recommend this game. But just not from Steam. Buy it in uPlay or in a store near you. I had a hard time getting this game to work which I bought from here. Hence requested for a refund. People who pirated this game have a good time playing this whereas people who bought the legit copy are having s-h-i-t ton of issues -_- uPlay sucks.
76561198110351937,Not Recommended,235600,16782789,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Herr Taco,"This ""uplay"" from Ubisoft got on my nerves during the installation and playing of the game. Steam is already intrusive, why should i install a new steam on top of steam? Call Xzibit here. I'm staying away from ubisoft games from now on."
76561198038234026,Recommended,235600,34320129,Posted: 17 August,all,I 3N3MY I,"It's still bizarre playing a Splinter Cell game with such incredible mobility, but the changes in his speeds and abilities are just Sam's playstyle growing with the tech that birthed him on the original XBOX.Don't quite understand why they ditched Michael Ironside for some guy that just pans all his lines, but whatever....a good game is a good game."
,Recommended,235600,30931647,Posted: 3 April,all,Gamer,"Honestly in my opinion, Tom Clancy's Splinter Blacklist is a pretty rad and awesome game! But never the less, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory will always be my most favorite Splinter Cell game of all time. Anywho I disgress on all that but lets get to the real deal with this game.Blacklist is a fun stealthy, action-packed, and thrilling spy video game! To make this game even better, there are loads of weapons, gadgets, and equipment at your disposal. Also another awesome thing about this game is the scoring rating system based on how you play this game. You can go all Ghost which is you (the player) heavily relying on non-lethal takedowns, stealthy movements, no alarms, etc. You can also go all Panther which is you (the player) killing bad guys quietly without no alarms or anyone noticing it. Or you can go all Assault which is basically screw stealth and go all loud and with a bang.The story of the game is basically this................ you're fighting against a terrorist group called The Engineers. And that's all I'm going to say about it.Also there is a multiplayer game mode called Spies Vs. Mercs which is an absolute blast and some players still play that multiplayer game mode.All in all this game was a blast to play with and I definitely recommend you guys/ladies to play this game. The only con I have for this game is Michael Ironside doesn't voice act the character Sam Fisher on this game."
76561198070983964,Recommended,235600,8450265,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rags,"There's a lot of people who hate this game, people who will tell you that it strays too far from it's roots and instead goes into a more action oriented approach. Of course, to me...it mostly sounds like people just don't like the idea you really can run and gun in this game and still beat it.Basically, this game is Spinter Cell: Conviction on steroids, with almost everything being improved. An large amount of weapons, customizations, suits, gadgets, there's no shortage of things to unlock and use and experiment with. Chances are, though, that you'll find a good set for yourself and really stick to it.The maps are varied, the story is alright, though nothing special. I can't really complain about map design or lack of variety in the locations you travel to and through.I had lots of fun with this game, and you're rewarded more for playing stealthily than you are by shooting the place up. You can really feel like a stealthy silent assassin badass in this game.I would recommend this game if you like stealth/action games, shooters, and games that you don't mind going through slowly in order to get the best Splinter Cell experience."
,Recommended,235600,32342968,Posted: 11 June,all,bamboozled7,A great game with lots of replayability. Runs fine on low end systems. Story is ignorable but provides varried levels
,Not Recommended,235600,9215453,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Quezacolatus,"Sooo, the game itself is amazing, I like the story, the gameplay and graphics, however due to UPlay, the game is unplayable. What does that mean?, it means that the game will not connect online, making coop and multiplayer useless, as well as any DLC that you might have bought, although it says it does, the game will crash exactly every 30 or so minutes (google it) due to several errors that are related to DX11, which is not true, since if you switch to using DX9, it still does the same thing. There are some fixes around that work here and there, and they are aware of the problem (supposedly) but do nothing about it. The achievements you get do not count as actions and are not cosidered through Uplay points. If you try to play the game offline, due to the beauty of Uplay, it won't save, so once you leave, you will have to restart everything again. Oh, and also their tech support is very dissapointing. My reply to the problem, was that because I use a laptop graphics card (NVS 5200M), it is not supported so tough luck, ticket closed. My recommendation, DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,235600,13337170,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Note: the following review currently covers only the single player portion of the game. It will be updated if I am able to play the coop/multiplayer portions.Splinter Cell: Blacklist is the game the series has always wanted to be.It acts as a culmination of every cool idea the series has ever had, finally finding that middle ground between the hardcore stealth that used to define the series, and the faster, more approachable and dynamic gameplay introduced in Conviction. It still isn’t perfect, as Ubisoft has stubbornly held onto a few of the less severe problems of the franchise, but for all intents and purposes Blacklist is far and away the best entry the series has ever had, which coming from someone who has enjoyed every Splinter Cell game ought to mean something.The biggest problem of past Splinter Cell games up to Conviction was their strict adherence to set paths through levels, which were often difficult to discern and as a result required trial and error to get through. They presented you with a huge assortment of gadgets and tactical moves but rarely allowed you to use them unless they explicitly planned for you to, essentially removing any player choice with how you tackle a mission.Conviction in contrary was the series rebirth, removing many of the extraneous stealth options but introducing levels that were far more open, and allowed a greater amount of freeform play. It transformed the series from one in which you were constantly vulnerable to having you be that danger, hunting down enemies and making your way through areas like a hi-tech ninja.Blacklist as I said before takes the best aspects of both these fairly different experiences and rolls them into a gloriously dynamic bundle of options and an endless supply of ways to make use of them. For once you are no longer punished for playing however you want to play, be it sneaking through levels leaving no trace you were ever there or rolling in guns blazing and allowing no witnesses, and paths and opportunities for every playstyle have been designed into each level, never locking you into one particular way of playing but giving you the choice the take on encounters any way you see fit.Expanded climbing options offer a level of verticality to levels that further extends your tactical abilities, often allowing access to secret paths or surprise takedowns. It made me conscious of the environment and how I could best make use of it, and nearly without fail anytime I looked for a solution it was there waiting for me.I always felt in control playing Blacklist, whether I was hiding from hostiles or taking shots at them, and this freedom makes for an experience that’s extremely empowering and encourages you to try out different approaches. I’ve never replayed a Splinter Cell game, but Blacklist gave me reason to revisit levels and see what I might have missed the first time around and a scoring system that rewarded exploiting every tool in my arsenal. Being able to customize said arsenal further allowed me to tailor my playstyle how I wanted, ranging from which guns and gadgets I used straight down to the color of the LEDs in my goggles. These choices all mattered and I was able to see my abilities increase as I progressed and gained better gear, giving me yet another reason to go back to older missions and see how much I had improved.Unfortunately, much of this doesn’t factor into the 4th Echalon side missions (which also act as the coop mode, though most can be played solo if you want). These smaller supplementary missions tended to lock me into a particular playstyle and in many cases harshly punished me if I attempted to deviate from it as I had been able to the entire campaign. It’s not that these missions aren’t still enjoyable or are particularly poorly designed, but they represent a step back to some of Splinter Cell’s most archaic design principles in a game that takes so many strides to finally distance itself from them. There are a few moments in the campaign when this happens as well,, but thankfully they are generally brief and at least contextually make sense.Context is more important this time around, as Blacklist continues Conviction’s trend of finally giving me a story that I could be bothered to follow. The plot is a fairly standard Clancy terror conspiracy with an outcome of World War 3 proportions, but it’s told in a way that removes the dry, technobabel of past narratives with one that’s far easier to follow and allows for substantially more characterization. Your team at 4th Echalon is comprised of characters with actual personality, with little exchanges you can take part in between missions adding to the subplot of the personal dynamics between such a small, tightly knit team. It has a lot of ground to make up still, but the fact that I wasn’t skipping cutscenes because I actually cared and was interested in what happened is a marked improvement and hopefully will continual to improve as the series goes on.There are still a handful of stubborn rough edges clinging to Blacklist from Splinter Cell’s past, but the overwhelming improvements and intelligent design present kept them from ever being more than a minor nuisance. I’ve loved Splinter Cell since its exception, but this is the first time that I feel almost everything has come together as planned, with smarter level designs, an excellent sense of progression, and the allowance for so many different playstyles that could likely all make up their own games. It’s everything I’ve wanted the series to be and then some, and I'm almost giggy thinking about where it could go now it's gotten to this point."
,Recommended,235600,25785066,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Toastie,"I picked up this game over 2016's Summer Sale, I had been interested in it for years but never considered actually purchasing it up until then. I jumped into the game and immediately started enjoying it. The game (in my humble opinion) may not have a fantastic story base, really lacking of plot catch-up for newcomers to the series like me, but in spite of that I was able to get used to the controls and mechanics really quickly and before I knew it, I was on 4E's Paladin, getting my loadout set up for my first campaign mission. Since then, I've ghost mastered almost every story mission on perfection, and I've started digging into coop missions, trying them online. I was looking forward to this part of my time in the game, getting to do missions with a coop partner, but I feel that there is a serious lack of multiplayer maps, and that's just for coop. At this point I've found PC coop is almost dead, and I'm sure SvM Multiplayer isn't far behind. The few times I've been able to perform coop missions with other people have been quite fun, though. It takes real skill and cooperation to commit to completing a mission through a certain playstyle without screwing up. Overall, despite the issues this game has, I really enjoyed it overall, I hope to invest more time into perfecting each mission and seeing everything the game has to offer. Please pick it up if you have the motivation (and money) to do so, It's a stealth game that lots of people can enjoy."
76561198075639998,Recommended,235600,31852666,Posted: 19 May,all,stealth0978,Absolutely fantastic game except no muliplayer or coop community in existance currently
76561198404637513,Not Recommended,235600,34751585,Posted: 5 September,all,SOLIDNOTHING,"Other reviews are right about this game not working, it won't even launch the game itself. It's all because of Uplay and Ubisoft servers not even being able to get through registering or signing into them, which it makes you do before even getting into the game."
,Recommended,235600,9046846,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,nexen,"Strong return to form for the Splinter Cell series. Some over-the-top locations drag down the believability, but the gameplay is rock solid. Rewards players who meet it halfway, though."
,Recommended,235600,978224,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"It came really huge and complex by the first look, but as soon as you get close this game shows it's high quality blasting from every piece of this product. I can sense a lot of work and good effort put in this game, and it's really really impressive. Best game about Sam Fisher at the date!"
,Recommended,235600,18562805,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Simon Maid,"very good game！But the story of the perfect difficulty is too difficult, the cooperative task occasionally encountered BUG.8/10"
,Recommended,235600,22819700,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,xDeaDp00lSLasHx,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist. a really good game.What I Like in the game:1. Takes place after SP:C2. New Ways to complete missions (Ghost, Panther, and Assualt)3. Customizing Sam and Other spies and mercs.What I Hate in the Game:1. Some Missions are difficult2. Gaurd Dogs are too smart even when You hide in the shadows3 ♥♥♥♥ING JUGGERNAUTS!!!!!My rating: 8/10"
76561198168656747,Not Recommended,235600,16554841,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jimfcarroll,"After spending an hour or so trying to get this game to play, much of that on the phone with UBI tech support, this is a prefect example why UPlay DRM needs to die and UBI needs to go out of business. I bought a large set of UBI games over this recent (2015) summer sale (of which this was the most recent) and finally decided to return them all. Anything that was later than 2010 had issues configuring the controller or registering with UPlay.You need to understand, when you buy an UBI game for the PC, you don't actually own it. You cannot, for example, install it on a PC and let your family use it. All UBI games are explicitly removed from being able to be shared with family members on other machines and dues to UPlay, EVEN ON THE SAME MACHINE if you have EITHER different Stream accounts OR different UPlay accounts (you cannot link 2 different UPlay accounts to the same Steam account).The following is my last message to them on the ticket I openned:---------------------------------------Don't worry about this. I decided to return all of the UBI games I bought over the last few days.Most of the newer ones didn't work without a lot of reconfiguration and effort. And, UPlay is one of the worst apps/control moves I've ever seen in the industry and I refuse to give any more money to UBI. I will be buying ALL UBI games used, and for the console, to ensure UBI Soft realizes no direct monetary gain from my purchase.I truly hope you go out of business and the talented people there (the story writers and game developers, minus QA) find a home in a better company. After all, there's a pretty low bar.Good luck.--------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,235600,1975148,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Biron5k,"If you like stabbing people in the face and running away, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,235600,11138439,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,FoXy,"Well made espionage blockbuster from Ubisoft. Fine co-op, multiplayer, kinda 24 storytelling style and Sam Fisher breaking bad guy's necks. What do you need else?8.0/10"
76561198079438777,Not Recommended,235600,14722861,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TsarChasm_,"In my mind the words Ubisoft and Uplay have become synonymous with Broken and Terrible. I bought the game over 3 months ago, and I am yet to finish the introduction because the game crashes at a specific point. Ubisoft support have run me around in circles and dodged questions. They don't care, because at the end of the day they've made their money and they move on to their next broken PC port ""cough"" Assassin's Creed ""cough"". Everywhere on forums people are having issues, DO NOT GET THIS GAME, unless you want to be robbed of £15. To be honest, there is probably a crack version out there that works perfectly. Screw Ubisoft, screw Uplay, the fact that this game remains broken after nearly 2 years show that steam are happy to sell a broken product as long as they make money and don't suffer a backlash. So to sum up, go buy something else, as long as it's not Ubisoft."
76561198241102638,Recommended,235600,17887014,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kaustik_T,"Great stealth game. Very enjoyeable for anyone who likes that type of gameplay.Players start off by choosing a mission they want to do. Once that is underway, the game rates players according to their playstyle. There are 3 categories an action can fall into: Ghost, Panther, and Assault. Each action is then tallied up at the end of each mission and a score is given accordingly. A stealthier approach will earn better rewards. Those who want to go in guns blazing can do that too on most missions. However, there are times when stealth is the only acceptable approach.There is an excellent multiplayer component as well. Playing ""Spies Vs. Mercs"" is extremely fun and I'm glad Ubisoft decided to bring it back. I actually bought the game primarily to play it after watching some footage on youtube. My only complaint is the co-op portion, which never seems to work. I'm guessing this is probably due to the game being a few years old now and not enough players being available online. And I did not try to play it with a friend, so I can't speak in regards to that. Thus far, I haven't been able to play any of Brigg's missions during the single player campaign as they are all co-op only. But they are not required to finish the story, so it's not a big deal.The story was just... ok. It's not bad, but nothing spectacular either. It took me a little over 30 hours to finish the game on ""normal"" mode, including all side missions that weren't co-op only. They also apparently brought in a new actor to play Sam Fisher. He seemed a bit stiff and boring for my taste, but I've seen worse.Everything ran smooth on my PC for the most part, but the game did freeze a few times. I had it on Ultra high settings the whole time. My current rig has an i7 4790K CPU, a Geforce GTX 960 GPU, and 12 GB of DDR3 RAM.And yes, there is Uplay. So if you're one of those people who hates it, you've been warned.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game and I had a lot of fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,235600,34757392,Posted: 5 September,all,aidangg,"Over the past week I have had a very frustrating time with this game. This is what happened.Once upon a time I get home from school and after stressful homework, I decide that I want to enjoy some Tom Clancy's: Splinter Cell Blacklist by Tom Clancy presented and published by Ubisoft. I log onto the game and click the 'online' button and get the message ""cannot connect to blacklist, please try again later,"" or something like that. Basically, online mode doesn't work at all. I spend literally 4 hours researching solutions, I port-forwarded everything correctly, turn off useless network adapters, turned off everything VPN related, pretty much everything you could possibly think of.I gave up after that and tried more solutions the next day, still no luck. Afterwards it was pointed out to me that my connetion is running through another router and it's stopping me from connecting. Unfortunately, I can't port-forward that one because I did not know the password. I give up. Completely. I play Grand Theft Auto V for 2 days, which is also completely broken at the moment.2 days later my buddy tells me that he just wants me try it again for the hell of it. I do. Uplay seems to have self uninstalled. I go to the website and download it. It installs and I launch the game. This is when the online decides it's done being gay and works for absolutely no reason. My guess is Uplay was out of date but didn't automatically update because it's a disease. We try to play co-op and we are presented with another error message and I lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥ For some odd reason, however, SvM works and we both connect to a lobby together. After playing that we try connecting to a private lobby again and out of nowhere it works.So in conclusion, don't buy this game because it's like 4 or 5 years old or something and Uplay is a roadblock of enjoyment, the developers are closely matching the stupidity of EA, and I wasted about a week of my sanity getting a game that I will get bored of in 3 days to work correctly. Sale or no sale, don't buy it."
76561198014025653,Recommended,235600,12720443,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,F i x,"This is a fantastic game to play, I've spent so much time in this. Looks stunning and makes you feel like the man. Only issue I can find with this is in the multiplayer aspect. If you are in the pacific the ping is absolute crap as most servers are in America."
,Recommended,235600,2510203,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,=UWS= Oo-Nomad-oO,"Best Splinter Cell game made!! Single-Player is ace, Co-Op is wicked if you have a good friend to play it with and the Multiplayer is brilliant, well worth the price and if your a hardcore fan of the original games, you will love this!"
76561198102921940,Recommended,235600,23027053,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hired Gun,"Best spy game I've played lately.  I really recommend this game to one's who gets satisfied with the stealth kills, and all that kind of stuff."
,Recommended,235600,9336104,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DragonSlayer,"Fantastic addition to the series, I personally disliked Conviction after changing so much what was great from the older SC games.This one thankfully returns to the stealth roots, although it does allow those COD gamers to ""pew pew"" there way through as well. However best way to play this is as a ghost and stealth your way through.There are a couple of times where you are forced to act like a John Rambo wannabe which is annoying, but thankfully the rest of the game makes up for this.Top notch graphics, good difficulty scale, story is largly forgettable but is enough for you to play it through.Co-Op mode is a nice addition as well, just as long as you have mates to play them with as randoms all seem to be 10yr old COD players. Shooting everything in sight and alerting all the guards.Recommended."
,Recommended,235600,24559695,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Aurociqz,"This is one of the best tactical stealth games I have ever played, it's kinda hard at the beginning but the longer you play the easier it gets. It's a good game to start with if you haven't played any stealth based games yet.There are a few things that make this game great. First of all we got the animations, there are a lot of smooth and beautiful animations in this game. I mean things like picking up bodies, zip-lining between buildings even reloading and just walking or sneaking around. The animations are making this game feel more cinematic and smooth. The second thing is the story. At the beginning you don't have a choice of which mission you want to do, you basically go from location to location all over the planet. When you make more progression you can choose any mission you want to play or replay. The third, and the last thing that make this game as awesome as it is are the graphics. It has some great lightning effects and sharp, rough textures. This make the game feel more real and exciting.I do totally recommend this game to anyone who likes action games or tactical shooters.7.8 / 10"
,Recommended,235600,8947400,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Ñeolantis,Get this game now....you have 30 hrs as of this post to pick it up for an amazing price!Join my Blacklist group to find friends to play coop with.
,Recommended,235600,29661156,Posted: 2 February,all,The Mark V,"This was actually the first I bought in the Splinter Cell franchise. It had a really good story, as well as fun stealth gameplay. It kind of taught me how stealth can be a great tool to get the job done.This game made me look back to the previous games of the franchise, and I got so into it, including Chaos Theory.Looking back at this game, and the other games, I hope to see another Splinter Cell game that should be done right.Of course, Ubisoft better not destroy this franchise."
,Recommended,235600,10516171,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝Lexi⎠⎞,"I'm pleasantly surprised about Blacklist having gone back to Splinter Cell's roots while improving upon both multiplayer and singleplayer. However, do yourself a favour and only play on Perfectionist difficulty. Otherwise, it's Conviction all over again."
76561197989015204,Recommended,235600,28152659,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AFK Mouse,"I love the Splinter Cell games over the years. If you like assassin / spy based games? Look no further.This one doesn't disappoint.The game has many pros:-Great graphics (not top but they're great to look at on max).-Strong storyline (was watching this almost as a movie at the end - never happens for me).-The gadgets are all there that you'd want from previous games.-Compelling movement and realism at realistic difficulty and beyond (better than the previous games).CONS:-AI usually is always in the CONS as main complaint. Same here. Sometimes they just glitch where if they spot you andyou've hidden. They just know where you went instantly and all converge on you.-Sometimes you'll knock a guy out or kill him and the body goes flying like a rag doll. Physics problems of the old days lol!Overall, if you can get passed the CONS. This game is asolid 9 out of 10 for me at 26 years of age. I'd have lovedto see a longer storyline but that's because I'm a bigfan of the series in general (not because it isn't longenough loL!).Looking forward to the next one."
76561198064153655,Recommended,235600,26307081,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Thrilling game play! Wow! Who~~whoo!!! Hahahahaha XD.+) Great story.+) Great campaign duration. I thought it was going to end in like 3~4 hours but they had so much more in it. Lo~ve :D.+) Optimized aiming.+) Incredibly optimized supplies.+) Thrilling bgm.+-) First you might get frustrated on how the shooting works, how confusing it is to decide when and how to exactly use this execution ability. But no matter. As you play through you'll get used to it. Then including this and every other irritating part of will becomes something you enjoy. However I'm not saying they did good job with it. Those should be fixed.-) Where is main menu? Come on....-) Environment has some problems on its edges. Sometimes even though my bullet is hitting through narrow part or small part of the enemies hiding behind pillars and such they never get hurt.-) I didn't like how my character just jumps over a ramp while I'm running around. It caused me a lot of deaths and irritated me a lot. They should've just made that part be done by space: Jump.-) They should've made late game guns like black market guns better than honey-badger. Seriously, why unlock it if it's not even better than honey badger or not even that stronger than it? The only Paladin upgrade that was useful was healing speed increase. Oh and radar upgrade too. Those two are it."
76561198168752855,Recommended,235600,25326051,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Aron,This game is just badass.Its damn good. The coop missions are the bestSpies VS Mercs is good but...... lot of hackers.Anyways this game is Epic.
,Recommended,235600,8547780,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,CondomChewer (Pyro$u$hi),"To be honest, I have never played a Splinter Cell game before this stunning game.Yes, I played the Splinter Cell Conviction app on my I-pod.Yes, I did own one of the Splinter Cell Games but I sucked so much at it that I stopped playing ( This was when I was more inexperienced)Right now, this is most definitely the best stealth game I've played. Hands on. Best.It even beats Hitman Absolution for me. The game has a wide variety of techniques to use against enemies and upgrades.You can even have scores depending on if you evaded all the enemies the entire mission or if you decide to go rambo or if you decide to go stealth knockouts all game.I recommend this game to those who love stealth games such as Hitman Absolution. To be more specific, this game has more techniques and methods of stealthing and finishing the mission than Hitman Absolution.The game offers incredible game mechanics for stealth and a good story-line with the legendary Sam Fisher. I plan on playing the previous games when I have time.Thank you :)"
,Recommended,235600,13725954,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ROADMAN,"This game is definately for all the road men out there, you can be a 24 hour road man all you like with this game. Top of the notch 10/10 would play again. Reccomend everyone gets this while it's on the steam sale because this deal you do not want to missGr8 game Gr8 story Gr8 Coop Gr8 Multiplayer11/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,16290305,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MindTaker,Uplay stopped me from being able to play a game I bought.
,Recommended,235600,12880749,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,rein,"Judging by the media and art regarding the release of SC: Blacklist, I was convinced that the series had taken a relatively bad turn for the worst as in transforming the setalth game into a military third person shooter. Albeit the initial doubts and suscpicion I harbored for the title, I purchased it shortly after release and was pleased to be welcomed with the same generally solid SC: Conviction framework, in addition to sporting missions and levels more akin to the well received SC: Chaos Theory, which focused more on conventional stealth and leaving enemies unharmed rather than hunting enemies from the shadows. Aside from one or two missions which are story oriented ( such as the introduction mission which can be skipped) the levels can be completed entirely on ones own terms. Due to the nature of Splinter cell being a stealth game, the favored approach of most players would be to kill as few enemies as possible without alerting others or raising suspicion from cameras, but akin to others in the series, Blacklist allows for no-kill completion by using the tazer and non lethal hand to hand combat, which offers a generally more intense challenge due to the range limitation and need of disposing unconcious enemies. In terms of story, the game does not offer anything particularly interesting which is slightly disappointing, but the game does feature some great locales and mission sandboxes, so that's a plus. All of the aforementioned details pretty much sum up the gameplay experience in my own words, although in terms of visual aesthetics; the game performs exceptionally well for a Ubisoft PC port, and the level design and texturing is quality work, even for being an Unreal engine game, it manages some remarkable ligh and shadow work in addition to convincing animations.Ultimately, the game suceeds in most aspecrts regarding what formulates into a enjoyable and elaborate stealth game, although it stumbles in the story department, Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a worthy entry to the series and a must have for those who were  slightly off-put by the fast paced nature of Conviction, as it approaches mission design with a more open, sandbox framework."
,Recommended,235600,10492684,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ojab,"""Amazing coop experience in 30 fps 720p glory"" - IGN"
76561198069807959,Recommended,235600,8255604,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sobrolho,"awesome sauce.it kind of reminds mass effect when you're picking your quests - which being non-linear makes the game feel less go to X and do X - and the storyline is quite solid.Awesome details like the ability of luring enemies by simply switching the lights out. Speaking of lights, the shadows are your best friends, but enemies are not blind and with a good AI they will hunt you down and ambush you.If you're not used to stealth games, the learning curve will be quite steep, as soon as you go on medium difficulty you'll get yourself out of ammo as fast as any single enemy can shoot poor Sam down. Go stealth however and the game will reward you superbly.Must have for people who enjoy stealth and puzzle games."
76561198089100841,Recommended,235600,17339267,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Joobles,"Really like this game, and would reccomend it to anyone who wants a stealth game that makes you feel like a complete badass. It doesnt matter if you have played the previous installations in the series or not."
,Recommended,235600,30187769,Posted: 25 February,all,Aldwerick,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a sweet middle ground between the Panther-like action of Conviction and the Ghost-like stealth of Chaos Theory. The delightful improbable success of this compromise is a testament to game design that always has choice in mind. It’s well worth replaying the campaign with an alternate playstyle, a different set of preferred gadgets, and/or on Perfectionist mode. And, like the series’ Chaos Theory peak it can’t help but be compared to, Blacklist’s also packing a pair of multiplayer modes that could stand proudly on their own. Splinter Cell is back on the right shadowy track."
,Recommended,235600,30716406,Posted: 24 March,all,BloodyRaven,"Awesome game! Bought it when it is was on sale and definetly worth my time and my money.The only problem is, requires Uplay"
,Recommended,235600,8713801,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Halal Boy,"One of my favorite series of all time! Great story, Fun Co-op, and the Multiplayer is meh.. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,235600,23513113,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cede.silva,"One of the best Splinter Cell games ever, and the best stealth game in the market.PROS- Approach levels with several different strategies- Best score possible requires you to NOT TOUCH enemies and remain unseen- Great story, feels like a good action film- Enter GITMO and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard HQCONS- They changed Sam Fisher's voice- Not enough levels at night- Those **** dogs"
,Recommended,235600,30045692,Posted: 19 February,all,Civilized Hitman,I'm a big fan of  Splinter Cell.And the franchise has come a Long way.This is by far one of the best.  Kinda missed the double agent game play though.May Sam fisher live on or at least pass on his mantle to someone else to keep the franchise going
76561197960458938,Not Recommended,235600,9074665,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Crummy,"Co-op fails, thanks Ubisoft..."
76561198161777059,Recommended,235600,19269165,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,solid_trent,I miss Michael Ironside. The new actor here that plays Sam sounds way too young and doesn't fit the charater at all. I'm not saying he's bad. In fact I would have been really impressed with him if they decided to completely reboot the franchise and have the game take place earlier in Sam's life. Also the story is probably the weakest in the series but it's presentation is excellent.Those are my only gripes. Period.This game is the greatest stealth game I've ever played. Play it on perfectionist and ignore the other difficulties. The gameplay is perfect. The level design and gameplay alone will keep you coming back again and again for more even after you've finished it. Also I think it's a nice touch that the guard patrols and spawns in the side ops change up a bit if you restart or fail. This game will make you feel like a sneaky badarse and hate your real life unless you are already a ninja.
,Recommended,235600,27758304,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rus,One of the best Splinter Cell games ever
,Recommended,235600,18024490,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,T4l0n,"The perfect comeback of a great series.Splinter Cell becomes a stealth game again after the action capter ""Conviction"".The gameplay is pretty solid and while it has some issues with the shooting handling the amazing level design and quality of the production make it for a great experience. The level design in the first place is what sells this game, it's not as good as the excellent ""Chaos Theory"" but is nevertheless outstanding, the missions are not one sigle big open map that you can explore and exploit as in ct, the missions in blacklists consists in segments, you have to go from point a to point b, then from b to c, and when you reach b you cannot go back to a, now this may sound bad but every single segment is so well designed that you will actually apreciate it, also it makes for a more cinematic experience, with its pros and cons.The game rewards every type of gameplay, from action to total stealth but it always feels it encourages a more stealth killing way of playing that pure stealth.The coop missions are also a great part of the game they have the same quality of the single player's."
,Recommended,235600,10479053,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Cadiuro,This game does a lot of things right. It combines many features of previous Splinter Cell-games while keeping an own feel. I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,235600,30816262,Posted: 29 March,all,ＲＥＶＥＮＡＮＴ,"Pre-ordered this game on the xbox 360 back when it first came out, purchased again years later on PC.Definitely one of my favourite entries in the Splinter Cell series, and probably one of the better Ubisoft games in recent memory. It's not Chaos Theory but that doesn't mean it's not fantastic. And once you get a feel for the gameplay, it starts to feel very fluid and fast-paced, even when it comes to performing combos of stealth kills/knockouts. It never fails to make you feel like a stealthy badass and/or silent predator.My only complaint would have to be the fact that the multiplayer is a pain to get working for some people, and unfortunately for me, I was one of the unlucky ones who was forced to learn how to open their ports and other sorts of dandy♥♥♥♥♥♥in order to get the multiplayer/co-op working. But the issue never really bothered me that much anyway because I mostly play Splinter Cell for the singleplayer.Overall, a very solid experience, and a good entry in the Splinter Cell series that built upon the foundation set up by Conviction successfully. Some fans might hate the fact that this game isn't the same as the classic splinter cells (I certainly remember back when the game was first revealed it got a lot of controversy for that, lol), but personally, I'm content with this game, and I'm sure there are other Splinter Cell fans who feel the same way."
76561198059440910,Not Recommended,235600,15012598,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sheev Palpatine,Bloody uplay
,Recommended,235600,24889321,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Labamba,Someone have ruined my merciful stealth planKILL EVERYBODY
,Recommended,235600,8992519,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Seangil,"This is pretty much the best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, im not ♥♥♥♥ing kidding. I say that if you like games with optional co op, replayablity and clever design, get this game. Its one of the best reccomended games I can think of."
,Not Recommended,235600,16294356,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ominous$BitcoinBaroni$,♥♥♥♥ing uplay....... -.-'
,Recommended,235600,12907150,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Red Spice,"Combining some stealth mechanics of Chaos Theory with some awesome set-piece executions with the Conviction mark and execute system makes a great game worthy of the Splinter Cell name. My only complaints would be Michael Ironside not retaking his role as Sam Fisher. The new voice actor Eric Johnson looks a lot like a younger Sam Fisher, but his tone makes him sound like a 30 year-old when Sam at this point is in his 50's. Other then that its damn good. It may not have the say amazing stealth gameplay that Chaos Theory had, but at least it does not over the top action like Conviction.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,9142455,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Cillo,Steam shows 44 minutes played. All of these were spent trying to configure Uplay and allow access to Ubisofts servers. Uninstalled.
,Recommended,235600,24582150,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,𝕽𝖎𝖇𝖊𝖙~,GET THE CHOPPER READY!!*crashes*
,Not Recommended,235600,18865919,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MegaTurtle,"Edit: Changed to negative due to that final boss fight. QTE at their worst what a pathetic way to end a game.Little unsure which way to rate this, but I do enjoy the game despite its flaws.+ RPG elements; You can customize your loadout to your playstyle. Nice mix of gadgets.+ Different playstyles; stealthy, aggressive or a mix. All are rewarding and helps with replayability.+ Assymetrical multiplayer; haven't played much but it is good fun and a nice change from other games.+/- Gameplay is good overall, but it can be a little clunky leading to some frustrating deaths especially early on.- Uplay *shudders* I could write an essay on this abomination. It now opens up an advertisement when you exit the game.... why ubisoft? why?- Too much focus on coop, even in singleplayer missions; closed off routes such as doors and high ledges.- Some annoying little quirks; acog sight aiming into your cover instead of over it. Weapon accuracy (especially over distance) is a little random. Object interaction aim can be dodgy too, looking at a light swich but jumping out the window 2m away is the highlighted action."
,Recommended,235600,12826356,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,xy.,"Typical Splinter Cell game, great fun! From what ive seen of the campaign the storyline itself is kinda poor but the actual game play is really good, the graphics are good. Never had an issue with lag or bugs. Would strongly recommend if you like to play solo player games"
,Recommended,235600,8953719,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dextro,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is one of the best stealth games I have ever played. It has a great story, good visuals, and realistic sound effects. There are tons of things to do in this game. There is a great campaign, a fun Spies Vs. Mercs mode, tons of challenging co op missions, and you can level up your plane and gear. The stealth mechanics are near flawless, the weapons/ gadgets are well thought out, the voice acting is pretty good, and the AI isn't super dumb like most stealth games. Splinter Cell Blacklist can be challenging at times, but it is very rewarding. I don’t have any major complaints about this game. I have a few small complaints though. One mission made you play the game as a clunky FPS with no stealth mechanics whatsoever. This bugged me a little, but it was just one mission. I think some of the character models are crappy and its difficult to play co op because most people are total idiots. With the few small flaws aside, Splinter Cell Blacklist is a remarkable game and a must have for fans of stealth games. I give SC Blacklist a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,235600,10761972,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,+The_Riddler-'<3,"ok so before i start this review i want you to know i didnt play the Previous splinter cell games so my opinion going to be on this game only .so ""splinter cell : blacklist"" is a game for a stealth lovers it has a lot of cool stealth knock outs and a really awesome combat system .the graphics are pretty good a great story line .the multiplayer is great a lot of fun mods .my grade for this game is 8.5/10 ."
,Recommended,235600,10903338,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pkusy,sick game
,Recommended,235600,9149110,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Chandler,"This game is fantasic. I really went in to this expecting it to be pretty good, but not  great, and it really surprised me. The story was well written and acted, and it was very engaging. The characters are well done, and overall it's all very top notch.The gameplay itself is also great. Great level design and game design choices lend themselves to a variety of options and playstyles to suit how you want to play. Full stealth with no kills, full combat killing everyone, stealth combat, etc. The way the missions are set up allow for easy replaying to try and get better scores, all the 'collectables (dead drops, persons of interest, etc)', and try different play styles. Lots of gadgets means lots of different, fun ways to play through the levels. You can also unlock quite a few different weapons, suits, gadgets, etc.The campaign and all of the side missions (apart from the coop-only missions) took me about 18 hours to beat. Good length. On top of that, all of the missions in the game can be replayed (as mentioned above), and everything except for the main story missions can be played coop.I haven't tried the Spies vs Mercs MP, but I've heard good things.The DLC from the deluxe edition was seamlessly tied in to the main game, and I didn't even notice which missions were DLC and which were base game. I'd say that's a good thing."
,Recommended,235600,8097730,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,H E M L O C K,"The game will get to points where you worry about if you will be seen, it will get to the points when you climb pipes, then leap on to the juggernaut under you, it will get to points where you are held down in cover while enemies slowly approach you. Splinter Cell has 3 ways to play it , and this game creates a certain experience for each individual"
,Recommended,235600,8985895,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Menphues,"A good campaign, and good fun co-op but when you go online, some reason some of the controls change and it feels weirdThe graphics are pretty decent.  Not amazing and certainly not bad.  Easy ultra this game.Controls are annoying and keyboard and mouse is complicated for me some reason.I have played ALL splinter cell games and enjoy them but this one I found the trickiest with the controls for some odd reason.The audio usual spot on to the key, and has no issues.The campaign is really good and decent fun to play.The co-op is good fun provided you have good players with you.The multiplayer is where ALL the fun is.  It can be extremely annoying playing your first time because you die so many times, no matter what your rank but you play more and more and become good and enjoy the game, even more for what it is.(I even have a Twitch video of myself raging at dying all the time)Anyway is the game worth it? Yes.  It is Splintercell grown up, with more toys and gadgets and updated, and now that co-op and multiplayer has been added to a more adept game, it is worth the money and time you put into it :)"
,Recommended,235600,23826168,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mirtis,8.5/10
76561197978482915,Not Recommended,235600,9285968,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,╲⎝⧹ Defenestrator ⧸⎠╱,"So, I had a pretty good time with this game.  I only have a few issues with it.While it is far more reliable (crash speaking) than any other splinter cell game that I've played, I ran into some glaring balance issues while working my way through the campaign.  I realize that I'm not the sharpest gamer in the world, but the fact that completing Normal difficulty was neigh on impossible, with more ""checkpoint"" reloads than I care to admit to, I will likely not be making an effort to complete the game on any higher setting.On the note of checkpoint reloads, have developers forgotten that we're on a PC platform, and have access to an exponentially higher capacity hard disk than exists on consoles?  Checkpoint saves are mind numbing, especially when the checkpoint is spaced so far behind where you are, and you've accomplished very difficult objectives and then you happen to run into a bad guy with heavy armor and a shotgun and when he finishes redecorating the room with your brain matter you have to work through laser traps, patrols, and god knows what else you may have already dealt with.That brings me to another issue, goggles have always been a big part of the splinter cell game series.  The ability to see in the dark, see magnetic resonance, thermals, even footprint vision.  Cool stuff right?  This game introduces a foe called the ""drone operator"" which jams your goggles, somewhat arbitralially I might add.. as no other electronic gear you carry is affected by their presence.  They don't just do this after you've been detected mind you, but constantly.  And the drones they send after you, while easy to dispatch with a single shot from your pistol, if you do happen to be detected nothing is more annoying than some dog biting your arm forcing you through the ""Mash the ""E"" key sequence"" while drones roll up to you and explode over and over again.  Especially on the missions where you have to survive waves of enemies, horde style, necessitating yet more endless reloads in a vain effort to work through the missions.  On these horde missions, the drone operators were consistenly the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥of all other enemy types, even the juggernaught types which I'm pretty sure are supposed to be the apex foes.  I'd rather deal with superman in body armor (the jugs) than deal with a single drone operator, largely because he could be ANYWHERE and regardless of his positioning will constantly send those irritating drones out whilst simultaneously rendering your goggles inert.That rant down, I don't typically attack a game for being hard, but if it's supposed to be a stealth action game than why do I constantly feel like the game wants me to kill everyone?  There really isn't anyway to argue against that the easiest way to complete a given mission is to go heavy armor with your nastiest guns and shoot your way through.  Stealth is possible, but invariably ends up with you killing everyone anyway...  and the routes in various level which REQUIRE a co-op team mate?  I get it, we need to encouarge people to play these games, and fill out the various co-op campaigns, but the truth of the matter is that nobody is ever on for it.  Even the multiplayer games are an endless stream of watching people join ""Oh this guy is only level 1, screw that!"" and leaving the game lobby.  It's impossible to get it done unless you have some cadre of friends which love games that seem designed to give them a headache.At any rate, I finished this game through on normal difficulty, despite the fact that very VERY few games make me actually rage while I play them.  This game did it.  I was going ""Seriously?"" to my computer, followed by ""Is this for freaking real?""  And finally, ""I'd rather go play... basically anything else.""  I love splinter cell, the storyline has always been excellent, and I finished it to see how the story would play out. But again, I wouldn't try to push this on anyone after the headache that NORMAL difficulty provided.As a complete footnote to everything else, replacing Michael Ironside with some twenty something kid to 'jazz up' the franchise probably had the exact opposite effect.  You lost your 30-40's cold war demographic, who could relate to the ""old man"" that was the gravely voiced, dry humored, Sam Fisher.  This punk kid who you've turned him into is not only unrelatable, but serves to undermine the ENTIRE story of the series.Or is it a Michael Bay reboot?/rant"
,Recommended,235600,30625661,Posted: 19 March,all,LJ of Spades,"The stealth genre is a personal favourite and Splinter Cell Blacklist is one of the best games in it. With tight stealth mechanics, solid enemy AI and intricate maps with multiple methods of achieving the varied mission objectives, Blacklist has all the necessary components of a good stealth game and puts them together with atmospheric sound and visuals that still hold up several years after its initial release. Previous experience of the Splinter Cell universe is not required as the characters and plot stand alone, being just interesting enough to augment the great gameplay. To summarise, this is a must-have for any fan of the stealth genre."
76561198354743028,Recommended,235600,29134911,Posted: 8 January,all,jlbohannan1,perfect stealth game
,Recommended,235600,8057035,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,=Axton=,"Well, for once Ubisoft's marketing team didn't overstate the hype for this game before it released. They actually did what they said they would; incorporate the best ideas from previous SC games into one.As long time fan of the series, I can confirm this isn't as bad as people made it out to be. Each SC game has pros and cons, but that's no reason to skip any of them if you're a fan of the series at all.The only parts of this game I don't like are the first person sections, luckily it's only done in part of one level.  Oh that and the new Sam actor being a c*cky prick, it's a wonder anyone wants to help him.And Spy vs Merc is a horrible mess, don't even bother."
,Recommended,235600,26500647,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lRagner シ,"I am enjoying this game a lot right now and it is very fun, my only concern with the game right now is that it seems a bit to short for $30. I got it on sale for $7.49 which is definitely worth it. If you are conisdering getting this game, I think you definitely should, just wait for a good sale. Also the whole stealth concept in this game is close to perfect (turning off lights, night vision goggles, hidden in shadows, hiding bodies, and more)."
76561198021007810,Recommended,235600,18078017,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,A Space Zombie,"Splinter Cell: Conviction removed so much of what made Splinter Cell, Splinter Cell. Don't get me wrong I enjoyed Conviction for what it was it but it wasn't really a Splinter Cell game.  The game really felt like you had to go out of your way to avoid killing anyone at all. Thankfully Blacklist is all about freedom of choice. Levels in this game are laboratories in which you can conduct all means and manners of special ops methods that you like. How you play the game is mostly entirely up to you. The only constraints the game forces on you during the experience are remaining undetected and non lethal. Often times both are independent of one another - you can still kill if you wish as long as you remain undetected. That said, Splinter Cell is best enjoyed as that game where you spend several minutes doing safe recon, scouting out an area with your gadgets, noting guard patrols patterns and sneaking past them untouched while throwing dogs off the trail. Do this on ""perfectionist"" mode difficulty and feel the adrenaline flow. Or not, the choice is yours. Either way, the adrenaline will probably still flow. The only negative is that the game has some ridiculous 'on rails' sequences where you control drones and the like. While they do provide a mix-up from the stealth pacing, they're just not that much fun. In fact, I have to say I found some of them to be rather boring. A shame really because the rest of the game is bucket loads of fun.Welcome back Sam Fisher!"
,Recommended,235600,28572941,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zyrer,"Other than the fact that this game is game is a much better port than Conviction, it also improved in all aspects of the previous game. The takedowns, gadgets, map design, AI and the amount of game modes are just some of the few things that have improved tremendously and made me appreciate this game more after playing this directly after finishing Conviction. This is definitely a must buy for fans of stealth and those who enjoyed Conviction."
76561198020881578,Recommended,235600,25595826,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOUDINI,"I been playing this game since it came out, I don't play the online MMOFPS version just the game itself, the MMO version had to many hacking cheaters so I don't play it.I like the game versiom amd play it often even though now it's a few years old."
76561198104053161,Recommended,235600,7865463,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Absolute Monk,"Best Third Person Shooter I've experienced in a long time, and for so many reasons:1. Great platforming, smooth and pretty much everywhere you can jump up / climb around.2. Co op missions vary in playstyle, with many leaving it up to you to decide how you play3. Great balance of stealth and action, and as mentioned many missions allow you to decide how to play.4. Horde mode survival wave-based missions! Yes!5. Tons of gadgets, not just a shooter, take out a group with a tear gas gernade, shoot a sleeping gas bolt, lay a mine, emp shockwave a camera etc etc.6. Great progessions system, earn $ buy upgrades7. Great replayability due to harder difficulty levels, and the option to play a mission in a different style, plus the charlie missions (survival wave missions) never get old for me8. PVP is great but its not my thing so look elsewhere for comments haha.If you get it let me know! :)"
,Recommended,235600,34760416,Posted: 5 September,all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,I hear multiplayer is down and that's a shame as it looks like a blast! However the campaign is very detailed and fun with a large arsenal of weapons to purchase. During the story you capture a black market dealer which grants you access to illegal weapons! fun! you can upgrade quite a bit too which is great for perfectionists! Stealth mechanics are great and I would recommend picking this game up on sale if you are looking for a good campaign!
,Not Recommended,235600,8290548,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,CreeD,"Ah, now I remember why I avoid anything Ubisoft when possible. Get their stupid little UPlay app working again - check, get past the console controller prompts (even though I dont have the horrible thing plugged in) - check. Go to remap keys....cant remap aim, in fact cant even map it back to the original when I try to back out and save what I have already spent time setting up...CTRL-ALT-DEL....Ubisofts friend. Eventually get back into the game after 5 mins of it refusing to launch, then the keys wont work at all, cant even select the menu items. Restart 2 or 3 times, back to square 1, change graphic settings, screen judders, intro videos drop to something like 5x5 pixels size, again after 2 or 3 restarts it suddenly works...and back to the control bug. Oh and in the process of opening a ticket with Ubisoft I get prompted to change my credentials, reminding me the dumb moronic idiots got hacked not too long ago. Never again you pathetic excuse for a software company."
76561198066580119,Recommended,235600,7846302,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,iSayBooyah26,Now I usually never spend a full on AAA price for games... but this one? It's an exception. 5/5 Booyahs
76561198052499248,Not Recommended,235600,8106086,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Miley Cyrus,This is one sick excuse for a splintercell title. Such a huge departure in gameplay mechanics and spirit of the game. Nothing in this is enjoyable. Save your money and look for another game. Hugly dissappointed.
,Recommended,235600,24068560,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kennell,"One of my favorite stealth games of all time. The single player is fun, but the co-op is what makes it awesome."
76561198050679942,Recommended,235600,32704425,Posted: 23 June,all,-=Mr.Moustache=-,"Personally my favorite in the series. I even prefer the new voice actor. Now Sam sounds capable of doing the things he's doing. In the past I couldn't suspend the disbelief that I was playing the sneakiest, spy-iest man on earth with the voice of a 90 year old...The voice never matched the character to me. It was passable, I suppose, when heads were blocks with lo rez textures...But that we have models and textures that simulate actual life pretty well, I can't just be cool with any old voice (pun intended) with any character. I now need voices to match the characters they're attempting to bring to ""life""That aside, this Splinter Cell is basically perfect. Only thing lacking is a larger multiplayer playerbase. But I guess that's due to age."
,Recommended,235600,31994155,Posted: 27 May,all,DanDaMan,"Grinded one mission to get all the best gear, then cheesed the rest of the missions.Play with friends, its worth it."
,Not Recommended,235600,8366049,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,S.K.A.M.E ✞,I did not enjoy myself playing this game. The multiplayer is terribly balanced and hacking is out of control. Actually I do have something good to say about the game and that is the singleplayer storyline but I primarly bought the game for the multiplayer  function which has done nothing but dissapointed me.
,Recommended,235600,11326910,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Salt,Blacklist is one of those games that is not for everybody but almost anyone with a general sense of shooting can have countless hours of fun playing. The campaign is leagues ahead of Conviction while the gameplay mechanics have been significantly improved to provide a seamless experience. The load out customisation is good and the game provides relatively challenging AI if you play on harder difficulties. 9/10 (Grab it in a sale!)
,Recommended,235600,22119468,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Slite,Great game!I have been a fan of the splinter cell series for quite a long time and this embraces the name sake wonderfully!Pros:-Good Story-Great stealth-Nice controlsCons:-Uplay
,Recommended,235600,7862618,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Harry101UK,"This is, in my opinion, the best Splinter Cell to date. It takes the best bits from the classic SC1 and Chaos Theory and combines them with the modern, fluid controls of the newer games.Fantastic graphics, locations that span the world, intense COOP and a pretty good plot. If you're a fan of the series, don't miss this!"
,Recommended,235600,28596406,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mr_spac3r,"Uplay is horrible piece of sh!t, lost all my save progress, but the game is fun."
,Not Recommended,235600,8024871,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Pheydar,"Splinter Cell Blacklist the game I was hoping for since the annoncement back in 2012 (or '11). The sequel I was so excited for I preordered the digital deluxe edition as soon as it was avalible on steam. The game which made me download the gameplay videos for in 1080p hd and watch them every night till the game got released. Then I got it....Splinter Cell Blacklist is an amazing game but i suffers from what many ubisoft pc ports have since time immemorial. I got the game at 1 in the morning and stayed up to play it for 6 hours after that on a school night. The single player was fun so was the coop but that is not why i bought the game. I bought it for the Multiplayer (Spies vs Merc). Now this is the holy grail for me but I realised the longer i played it the duller it became. Now i am a fan but I dont know how but they managed to mess it up not from a gameplay point of view but technical. I guarentee you play about 3 matches of this and if you dont live in the US or any country which heaps of people play the game you will scream at your monitor and curse because of hideous lag and  poor net code, overpowered weapons and the Merc Melee ""Dun Dun Dunnnn""The net code for starters is horrible. The game constantly kicks you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥as you are always being shot from behind cover, melee'd through walls and being shot at in unbelievable situations. Like for example you see a spy camping behind cover, you constantly aim at him and start walking towards him and he kills you without taking a scratch. Half time your the spy the same situation and when you try you get blown up in the face.Now the overpowered weapons, In this game you can tell if your versing n00bs or pros. Pros usually have ak-47s or some assault rifle, its a balanced gun and not too cheaty. And then there is shotguns, These things are way to op most of the time insta kills to enemy (or friendly) spies and you don't want to go near anyone carrying these things cause if they see you first you die there is no way you are getting them which is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥because the only way spies can effectively kill mercs is with melee.Finally the Merc Melee ""Dun Dun DUNNNNNN"".This is probably the most unbalanced thing because most people(including my self) just rock up there in adrenaline suit and sprinter boots which automatically makes them fast at spies and almost win every melee encounter. Did the devs not see this in testing. If your stuck with a match full of pros and your a low level i am almost certain they will pull out their pistols and rush you trying to melee. And you know how i was mentioning lag before, one time i had so bad lag i managed to melee a merc as a spy and then after the animation had finished he had got back up then melee'd me then dropped over from bad luck(battelfield reference).Anyway i've done enough fanboy raging final thoughs the single player was fun but nothing to come back to the coop was alright but Ubi really let me down with this one and they didnt even bother to put ded servers or better stability. Ubi thinks all they have to do is change the controls around and give the game better graphics and put a PC sticker on it to make a good port. Well the game was a real let down and a bad pc port giving it 5/10The end."
,Recommended,235600,23195647,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ุ,Fun and very easy to play. Great controls and great graphics of its time.
,Recommended,235600,14325004,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[OpK] Sagittarius,"Being an amazing and always evolving series, I couldn't wait to get my hands on Splinter Cell: Blacklist. And god, after the enormous changes the previous game (Splinter Cell: Conviction) made, I was hoping this sequel to come back in a slightly more classic way.And here it is! Blacklist is the perfect balance, in my opinion, between the Splinter Cell ""older"" gamers know (from the first to Double Agent) and the changes made in Conviction. The result: a stealth-action game with fluid gameplay, badass movements and giving you a certain degree of freedom in your approaches. You can sure as hell go all gun blazing, but this is not the recommended way to go: being sneaky is still the best approach.The only (maybe) downside to this game? Well, I guess that is the main character, Sam Fisher, who looks like in his 30-40's, when he is supposed to be approx. 60 years old according to the story. I'm playing with french voices, so the change of voice actor does not affect me.I really hope to see a sequel to the series, or a prequel; but in the first case I think this would be better to make Sam Fisher a secondary character (example: he would be the new playable character's instructor).Conclusion: Splinter Cell Blacklist is an amazing game, who made the good move to head back to its roots without doing a complete 180°. The only thing I'd like to see is some consistency in the universe, but that's about it.8.5/10 - Obligatory game."
,Recommended,235600,11090119,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,mxbn,"I may have only played 9 hours at the time of this review, but so far I have enjoyed this game. Spy vs Mercs is a fun game mode to play with friends, and the solo and coop missions are entertaining.I would recommend this game to a friend"
76561198139166456,Recommended,235600,23601684,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,SCP-001 Overseer,"Fantastic stealth game. Basically an improved and heavily upgraded version of Conviction, and worth every penny. The addition of choosing to go into each mission with one of three strategies, Panther, Ghost, and Assault, makes every mission much more replayable. With Panther,  you basically do what you did in Conviction and the other Splinter Cell games. Kill silently. With Assault, you still kill all the baddies, but with loud weapons and explosions. Ghost is trickier (and a bit more frustrating, to be honest) but provides more score. Ghost basically means don't kill anyone. You can still use non-lethal takedowns on enemies to knock them out, thankfully. But you get the most points from avoiding enemies entirely.Definitely worth the buy. 9.5/10!"
,Recommended,235600,9219183,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,♛A1900A♛,"Everything in this give is great, but the BGM. The music is not as good as Conviction. You deserve to have this game. It's only $23.79 today (Feb.22-2014) It's a good price beating my per-order price."
,Recommended,235600,8023398,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,PYROMANT|C,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist is an excellent example of a modern day stealth title, giving the player a great degree of freedom in playing the game out how they see fit. The stealth is done exceptionally well with every level having dozens of alternative paths so that you can craft your own way through.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2013/12/13/tom-clancys-splinter-cell-blacklist-the-thinking-mans-call-of-duty/"
76561198023468541,Recommended,235600,3480561,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Junkozane,"Tout simplement énorme! Un jeu à avoir absolument! Rien que le solo est très agréable à jouer et la coop est sympa elle aussi. Il y a aussi le multijoueurs classique de la série.A very very good game! You need to have it in your game list! The SP is really good, the coop too and there is the classic multiplayer mode."
76561198101823170,Recommended,235600,15117324,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SaucyBrit (O_0),"this game has alot of work put into it than the last splinter cell games ive played over the recent years, i would totally recommend it for those who are into stealth and who like brutal takedowns and  customization for your character and muiltiplayer is worth the try too, the enviroment helps you eliminate your enemies and shadows especially is the most important thing to help you evade from your enemies or sneek towards them, i hope this review has given you some good advice. (MUST BUY 10/10)"
,Recommended,235600,29274210,Posted: 15 January,all,|BE| Vakonof,Nice game. Co-op missions are good fun with friends.
,Recommended,235600,14972533,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ascending Darkness,Dogs are american soldiers now.
,Recommended,235600,8939486,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,SAY10,"It isn't perfect, but it's a truer Splinter Cell game than Conviction was. I enjoyed Conviction - itself a side-step in pacing, action, and storytelling - but a lot of other people out there don't share the same sentiment as I do. Blacklist should appease them, though. This title sees the return of Fisher in his Special Ops form - now called Fourth Echelon - in a bigger and more action-packed story while still keeping great stealth gameplay mechanics in true Splinter Cell style. It features a good mixed bag of features like lights indicating when you're concealed in darkness, carrying and hiding bodies, whistling or making noises to trick guards (from previous titles, excluding Conviction), and Last Known Position as well as parkour-style movement and pacing (from Conviction), and together it all adds up into a really good Splinter Cell experience that I'm sure a lot of long-time fans have missed.The new voice and MoCap actor for Sam is a little hard to get used to. Sam's look has been tweaked and his voice is obviously different, which can sometimes break immersion considering this takes place AFTER Conviction, which makes Sam older, not younger, so with him actually looking AND sounding younger, it can get a bit weird. Michael Ironside is surely missed in this game, but it's not exactly a total deal-breaker. Changes happen, I guess.The story has various missions, which you can choose from and you can play them in any playstyle you want. Traditional fans, like myself, are probably going to take the non-lethal / Ghost approach, but if you want to go loud or stalk your enemies, there are plenty of options with which you may do so. You choose any mission based on who it's for - Fourth Echelon, Kobin, Briggs, and some metagames - and proceed to take them on however you want. The Fourth Echelon missions (in red) are the ones that are important to story progress, though, so feel free to take a break from that whenever you want and take on some of Briggs's missions or even Kobin's.The non-lethal / Ghost gameplay is by far my favorite. I've encountered some missions, like Kobin's for example, that don't seem to let you bypass everyone and stealth a mission 100%, but you can set your attacks to non-lethal instead of lethal and get Ghost points anywhere at the end screen. It feels a lot like the old days, with Lambert critiquing your every move, telling you to not raise any alarms or the mission is done, etc etc which is a good thing, in my opinion. The only thing I think the stealth gameplay is lacking is the quieter, slower walk. I can't make Sam walk any slower, like in previous games, but thankfully upgrades to your suit seem to take care of the noise factor and allow you to stealth with relative ease.In all, though, Blacklist is a good game. Not perfect, not the best in my opinion, but it's worthy of being a Splinter Cell title. Change happens and sometimes things need to be kept up-to-date - games are no exception - but in the end, even without Michael Ironside's booming voice, it still carves out its own little place in Splinter Cell history.Get this game if you're a long-time fan of the franchise like myself. Definitely get this game if you felt let down by Conviction, because I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,235600,8235581,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,twitch.tv/DuBeUs,"This is a fun, and epic, well-crafted Splinter Cell game.  Perhaps the best one of the entire series!  The new voice talent for Sam Fisher actually will grow on any SC hardcore fan, as it did myself.  The co-op missions and character development, along with well-thought-out humor and plot make this one to remember and talk about for ages.  The addition of armor/weapon upgrades to specify your play-style really benefit the fight overall.  You can spend hours, days, weeks, attempting to best the highest scores out there on Assault, Ghost, and Panther missions...and trust me when I say, ""you can spend hours, days, weeks"" - the time just flies by.  If you love Splinter Cell?  Or Stealth-based games?  This is a must!  Over 9,000% must-have!!!"
76561198003301144,Recommended,235600,28071205,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Gustavo ""UgaMan""","Splinter Cell Blacklist really makes you feel like a super badass top-notch black-ops agent! I must say ... Metal Gear has a wonderful story, everyone knows that, but how the hell Snake, the super-incredible soldier can punch the bad guys with those horrible punches? C'mon ... it looks like he has Tyrannosaurus Rex arms!!!Blacklist is a very undervalued jewel ... it is super fun!!! Choose your style and go! Better yet ... play with a different style ... you will die a lot, but you will learn some new tricks and great fun you will have! Yeah!!!"
,Recommended,235600,9109784,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jesus,"Amazing COOP, Multiplayer, & Campaign - would highly recommend to anyone who likes stealth/action/adventure games"
76561198130074753,Recommended,235600,23645918,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jewkester,"Basically the heavy action of Conviction mixed with the extremely polished stealth of Chaos Theory. It's a blast to play. You can play however you like and the game does not punish you for it. For example, if you want to be completely stealthy and sneak past all the enemies on the map, you can! If you want to silently take them out one by one, you can do that too!! If you wanna go full Rambo on everybody and let out some pent up frustration, this game won't knock ya for it!!! It's a pretty solid entry to the series, although I'm sad to see the traditional voice actor replaced by a much younger- and much less likable newbie."
76561197963175799,Recommended,235600,9260742,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MAD]|[DOG,"The Game is enjoyable, and definatly has that classic Tactical feel.  BUT is a obviously a console port, and IMHO not as good as conviction,  not as much stuff to climb and tactically move around on,  some textures just seem like brushed up console textures instead of top of the line pc graphic textures.  Seems like its been dumbed down to fit a larger crowd which is dissapointing."
,Recommended,235600,33126023,Posted: 2 July,all,Sneikk,My favourite Splinter Cell game...great story.. great characters...
76561198045701857,Not Recommended,235600,7871975,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Coribigale,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME. I was really looking forward to playing it, and was thrilled when it went on sale, but it doesn't even load. The only ""fix"" ubisoft put up didn't even work for me, and neither do any of the others online. I'm assuming it has something to do with steam itself. It looks like a really fun game, and if it gets fixed I would probably sing it's praises over the rooftops, but I can't. BECAUSE I CAN'T PLAY IT."
76561198045461175,Recommended,235600,24194546,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,shevchenko7,"If you are a fan of cool gadgets and espionage, this game is awesome. Have only played the very satisfying solo campaign."
,Recommended,235600,23780531,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Obliterator2,"Conviction was fun but not very Splinter Cell like, so I wasn't really expecting anything great here. However, they seem to have got the best parts of conviction and mixed it with the best parts of the old games, and I'm loving it so far.I've chosen to go down the non lethal stealth route, but if you fancied going guns blazing for example, you'd get rated on a different set of rules and still earn a nice sum of money.The money system is extremely similar to Payday 2 (down to ShadowNet as the mission selection as opposed to CrimeNet, I'm not sure which came first), and it seems to work really well. It gives you something to work towards without witholding anything important (like having no goggles for most of conviction), even if it's just for the stats since everything pretty much looks the same.So far I've not had a chance to try coop (we're doing the campaign to get kitted out in better stuff first), but in Conviction I had more fun in coop than I did with the campaign, so hopefully it'll be the same here. One downside is that the new look and voice actor for Sam Fisher just makes it feel like you're playing a generic spy, but he's still pretty badass at least."
,Recommended,235600,9075774,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dark5tar1,"This is probably the best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory. It combines the stealth moments of earlier games and the controls and action of Conviction. The gameplay is more stealth based and tactical than the previous games, but there are some moments that force more aggressive gameplay. The characters are uninteresting in this game, Sam and Briggs being the worse offenders, Cole not really developing as a character, Sadiq having a decent backstory but not doing anything at the end. The better character in the game is Kobin (from Conviction). He actually has some personality and can be funny at times. The story is entertaining but can overstay its welcome. Coop is in this game but it's just playing single player with a friend. This can help make the game easier but I would have preferred having original level design. Spys vs Mercs makes a return and it is better than ever. Full customization for each character and interesting abilities makes this a blast. There is classic SvM but the Blacklist version of the game is much better than the other mode.I didn't have much hope for this game since announcement, but it is incredibly good. It's one of the best in the series and should be recommended for Splinter Cell fans and others."
,Recommended,235600,16504313,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dofitzgerald,"Contrary to popular opinion, I still love Spies vs. Mercs. Always will."
,Recommended,235600,34789366,Posted: 6 September,all,PoopLazer,"I have yet to play the game so this review is subject to change.But to all the people having issues with Uplay and not being able to even launch the game, this is what I did. Manually downloaded the Uplay client outside of Steam. Run it in windows 7 compatibility mode, and as administrator. Install and then log into your Uplay account. Go to Steam, right click the game, view CD key and click copy to clipboard. Go back to the Uplay client and click the key icon on the top right side. CTRL+V to paste your key and click activate. Once it's activated to your account, close out of Uplay and launch the game through Steam. I can't guarantee this will work for everyone, but this is what I did to get it to work."
,Recommended,235600,35058520,Posted: 18 September,all,Habo St.,"DLC doesn't seem to work for the steam version, so buyer bewareI really like this game. It's a much better port than Conviction was ie smoother aiming, and it's just a lot of fun overall. And it's super easy to recover if you futz a headshot (mostly due to the better mouse aiming). I like that the game gives you various options for dealing with situations. Go loud, stalk and kill, or completely evade everyone. When you manage to beat an entire level without using any items and without disturbing anyone and never being seen at all, it feels so satisfying. You really are like a ghost. The most professional of spies. No lightbulbs shot, no cameras disabled, no guards knocked out, not even any smoke grenades tossed. In and out without anyone ever knowing you were even there. Or, if you'd rather just stealth headshot everyone wiht a silenced sniper rifle, you can do that too. Or quietly stalk and kill everyone with melee from behind or above, like a real panther. Or if you get bored of that, load up on loud weapons and hand grenades and intentionally make as much noise as possible.So yeah, tl;dr, I love this game. It's even more fun than 6 was, but 6 is still really good. I don't like that they took out the ""enhanced interrogation"" scenes cause those were fun and hilarious. Also, the departure of Mr Ironside as Sam is saddening, cause he really made the character. That guy's voice is just great. Like smooth whiskey. I also wish you could still use one handed MPs while hanging but oh well."
76561198097843926,Recommended,235600,14641498,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,MrFireheadGuy,"very good game, my only complaints are that the spys get sub-machine guns, mercs get drugs, and the darkness system is a little messed up and counter intuitive, but this is a splinter cell game!also Uplaydear lord the Uplay"
,Recommended,235600,16997395,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ＩＬＬＵＳＩＶＥ,"I feel so conflicted... Damn this was a good Splinter Cell game, the most fun IMHO. Especially on Realistic, it's an awesome addition of the series, but...I DIDN'T 'FEEL' LIKE SAME FISHER! WHERE'S HIS HUMOR? THE CYNICAL DRY SMART MOUTH? AND WORSE IT DIDN'T TAKE ME LONG TO REALIZE IT'S NOT EVEN THE SAME VOICE.How old is Fisher now?? Is he supposed to be 52 or 25 because he sounds like a 30-something with his old bones doing acrobatic take-downs. I mean it's awesome, but I think I could've gave this a pass if this was a prequel instead it being like, what, a week after Conviction ends (and mind you Fisher looked OLD in that game)TL;DR: Great. awesome fun game I definitely see myself playing again, but as a long-time fan this ""new"" Sam Fisher is so immersion-breaking it felt like a different game."
,Recommended,235600,9244755,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Tashton Bot,不错呦~
76561198058119047,Recommended,235600,8631542,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Local Falafel,"This game left me mouth open and looking to the sky, It was probably the best 20+ hours of gaming I have ever expirienced! Like Sleeping Dogs it focuses alot on what is happening behind the operations like talking with your daughter. If you like shooting people, lights, sneaking around, pretty much anything to do with stealth! Then this game is built for you! I suggest this game to any gamer looking to play a good, challenging game.I bought the Deluxe Edition for this game, which is what I suggest you do if you are planning to play coop mode because of extra co-op missions. Regardless of the Co-op DlC's, the coop in this game is very interactive and includes dual boosts, breaches and even dual take downs!Each co-op and singleplayer game lasts around an hour, I thought this would get boring at first but boy was I wrong! after playing one mission I immediately jump to the next in exitement wanting to know what happens!The different play-styles in this game: Ghost, Panther and Assult provide a sense of freedom and make it more appealing to differnt types of gamers which I think is a great addition.A great game with an unmissable ending!"
,Recommended,235600,8238694,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,luckylewk00,"I've played every title in the Splinter Cell series, and this is by far the best yet. Detailed, in dpeth and much harder than previous titles. Blacklist picks up sometime after Conviction and has a great plot that, of course, is left open ended for the next title. The new voice of Sam Fisher was cast well and does the charecter justice, no complaints at all.In addition to the campaign, there are several challenging side and co-op missions to be played that tie into the main plot, as well as a metagame. New gadgets and scoring make play enjoyable with the introduction of a scoring system designed to add to and challenge different styles of game play. Your efforts are rewarded with challenges and virtual dollars provided to upgrade and customize Sams weaponry, gadgets and gear.Personally I love this franchise and hope Ubisoft can continue to deliver new titles in the future. However, even with the addition of side missions, and a solid plot, I felt the main campaign was still a few missions short. Also, more emphasis was put into the online multiplayer which still leaves a little to be desired.Overall a solid game and would highly suggest buying, even at full price if it cannot be had on sale."
76561197997875519,Recommended,235600,8713381,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Henry Jameson,"Excellent triple-A stealth combat, best in the series. The only failing here is that I and many others have been unable to get multiplayer to work with friends. The issue has been ignored by Ubisoft and likely won't be fixed. Random matchmaking works, though, and Spies Vs. Mercs is a very fun time. I prefer the main game missions, though. Much more fun to creatively take down rooms of baddies as a more lethal Batman."
,Recommended,235600,23411419,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Average,"Step in the right direction for the franchise. Good story, good gameplay."
76561198095089166,Recommended,235600,7236082,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Serzh34,ништяк игра
,Not Recommended,235600,9033430,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Nik The Greek,I vote no only because the 2/3 game features are no working for me and many others.Seems Ubisoft doesnt care.It has a good campaign but no thanks.Dont waste your money on this one.
,Not Recommended,235600,9271137,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Silent_Ken,"I'm reviewing this game because uplay is down which means I can't play.....Thanks Ubisoft.Also the user interface at times awful - an extra five minutes thought about how to port from a pad controller to a keyboard would mean you cant accidently wipe your campaign. Thanks Ubisoft.Otherwise the game is not genius but pretty good and enjoying it - when I can play (thanks again Ubisoft). Obviously I have restarted the campaign, thanks again Ubish@A Steam Sale safe bet.Post Script:The game itself is fine. The DRM is bad. You play if Uplay is working correctly which is 80/20. Unacceptable until Ubisoft fix this."
,Recommended,235600,9002954,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,turner,"wish i played this game last year.. would have deffenitly been my goty.. the campaign was incredible, the gfx where incredible, the mechanics where incredible9/10"
76561198031197750,Not Recommended,235600,8930934,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,hello5222225,This game sucks!!!
,Recommended,235600,14425970,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tactical Codfish,"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist (SC6)Just a little disclamer: I am trying to be as balanced as I can be but I am a huge fan of the Splinter Cell francise from Day One, i am also a fan of many other Tom Clancy games, including Ghost recon, Rainbow Six and Hawkx.I am just saying if you feel inclined you may want to take this review with a grain of salt and make up your own mind.To start this review without comparing this game to the rest of the Splinter cell series would be BLASPHEMY!!! So i will start with just that.Blacklist gives a whole new aspect to the steath genre by incorparating many of the amazing things the previous games brought to the plate, for example: SC chaos theory's differant ways to complete missions, a free roam aspect but without as much hand holding as there was in Conviction. It still contains convictions assualt attitude but you can choose whether to be ""Ghost""(Super stealthy, no killing) ""Panther"" (Still very stealthy, but with gunplay) and of course, ""Assault"" (All guns no stealth).You earn more points in differant areas for the behaviors, but over all you earn more skill points for having a ""ghost"" style.A lot of people think Chaos theory was the pinnacle of the series, I agree, but with all the experience Ubisoft have gained over the years of making Splinter Cell, they have really changed my opinion on the ""best game"" of the series. This is a serious contender in my opinion.The multiplayer.I never really got to play the multiplayer in the first games as by the time i had got round to playing them the multiplayer was abandoned.This game heavily incorporates multiplayer. But its done well.Amazing Spies vs mercs, i just can't describe how it just works so well. The teams are nearly always balanced,(I was worried about this as many online games have this issue and also, Ghost recon phantoms, a F2P title is sliping into a game i don't like, with the unfair teams and lagswitching.) and the way the game is layed out it just plain works.There is just one thing i am worried about, the fact that in a year from now the multiplayer will probably be deserted and the game will lose a huge chunk of it mechanics in the doing so.Great for the steath fans, brutal takedowns and a true contender to the top spot of the series.9/10 Would Sam fisher again"
76561198086726732,Recommended,235600,17604787,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dalumba,"The game was exemplary. Blacklist returned to Splinter Cell smart and hardcore stealth. The great thing in the Blacklist, the game allows you to choose the manner of his passing. Personalize everything - costumes, gadgets, weapons and difficulty."
,Recommended,235600,17977134,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,tentcow,"Incredibly challenging tactical stealth rogue agent game that is part of a series that holds a special place in my heart. Only downside is Uplay, but the brilliance of this game makes up for it. Whether you like taking down hostiles by non-lethal means, lethally executing your targets, or going loud and blowing everything up in sight, this game has a little something for everyone, and more!"
,Recommended,235600,28212637,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lawbringrawr,Good GaemSam Fischer is a bamfSplinter Cell Blacklist is one fine Stealth Action game
76561198027215085,Recommended,235600,24960110,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,daniel.lamdahl,"Overall a good game. The graphics are decent, and the levels are varied and exotic. The stealth-gameplay is very good. I especially enjoyed Sam Fisher's takedowns, and the fact that you are free to choose your own playstyle. The game does however have some shortcomings. For starters the story is kinda bland, and the ending comes suddenly out of nowhere. The game is too short. The new voiceactor for Sam Fisher is ATROCIOUS. Seriously! I havent heard a voice that monotonous since... well... HAL 9000 from the movie 2001: a space odyssey (only that was monotonous on purpose). Sam Fisher's new voice is not the only problem with him. Sam Fisher doesn't have much personality, and is a very boring for a main character. He is kinda smug and not particularly likeable. I didn't find the rest of the good guys (Grim,Isaac and Charlie) that interesting either, but thats just my opinion. The main villain Sadiq, really steals the show. He is both charismatic and intimidating, and has a playful approach to the evil deeds that he must carry out.The game is fun to play if you are willing to overlook its shortcommings. I recommend it to all stealth-fans :-) 7/10"
,Recommended,235600,11019026,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,CyberSpidey,"James Bond, Lara Croft, and Agent 47 in an orgie, give Sam Fischer.  9.5/10"
,Recommended,235600,13375636,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Remul0k3,"At first glance, with his accessible gameplay and rich in possibilities, aesthetics rather successful and excellent soundtrack, no doubt that this new episode of Splinter Cell should attract a maximum of players. Especially between the single player modes, cooperative and multi, diversity seems assured, as the life that looks important. In short, all good perspective ! However, one year after his release, the game was abandoned by Ubisoft. Unfortunately, it is infested with cheaters and glitchers, too many people have tampered with the game."
,Recommended,235600,7783752,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Siduakal,"They replaced the voice of Sam Fisher, so prepare yourself for that downside if you're a fan of the series.  It's weird to not hear the voice you've grown up hearing for the character, but I got over it fairly fast.The coop elements are great in this game, with some missions that are entirely coop oriented.   It captures the feel of the older games where you and a buddy could just sneak through entire areas stealthily, with some areas being high action and fast paced.If you hated the last of the series, this one probably won't turn you around.  The game play is mostly the same, just with a few different gadgets.You have to solve some missions without alerting enemies or being detected, forcing stealth game play at times.  Others you're given more freedom to beat them however you please.I had a ton of fun playing it, with a few hair pulling moments in coop where we'd have to replay an area several times due to one or the other half messing up something."
,Recommended,235600,25396488,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Moonlit pvpro.com,one of my favourite game ever..
,Recommended,235600,15326391,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Master of Heroin,"Great game, excellent plot - 14 Jack Bauer / 10. Would buy the next game!"
,Recommended,235600,21478776,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Finished this and overall it was a very good game. It did a great job of implementing all play styles (panther style for me), the maps were good in size and had multiple areas of attack, graphics (maxed settings) were great as was the sound. I was able to fully customize all controls the way I want without 3rd party software. No FOV slider but the default was just fine and I only had one crash. Total game time says 19 hours but I'm pretty sure I left Uplay running after I quit the game a few times and Steam still detects this as a ""running game"" so its probably more like 13-14 hours. Ending was crap though felt very rushed with nothing answered, bummer. Also not having Michael Ironside as the voice of Sam Fisher should be considered a felony punishable by slow death. The new voice was not too bad but it was NOT Sam Fisher, also why the ♥♥♥♥ did they change the way he looks? His face looks nothing like the old Sam, dumbass decision. It really feels like you are playing a totally different main character based in the same world, really sucksIf you are a fan of the Splinter Cell games this is a must play. I rank this pretty damn close to Chaos Theory, my personal favorite."
76561198079314425,Not Recommended,235600,9088717,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,jumpinjelyfish,I got this game to play coop with a freind but the coop and multiplayer only works 10% of the time*Edit: I recently got a new computer and was very exited to play this again but was plesently suprised with ubisoft refusing to accept my log in and with the help of ubisofts virtualy non-existent customer service am now unable to play this game without buying it again
,Recommended,235600,23239641,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nightwing,Superb stealth and multiplayer game
,Recommended,235600,2497076,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,The Man Who Sold The World,Stalk.Strike.Silence
76561197966481771,Recommended,235600,32771605,Posted: 25 June,all,Slice,Solid game 9/10
76561198015237777,Recommended,235600,10762251,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Otacon,"This game is amazing probably the best since the original. PLAY IT NOW, DO YOURSELF A FAVOR."
,Recommended,235600,24234003,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nutty Granny168,i like it when you get a headshot and it makes a nice sound
76561198018884798,Recommended,235600,10883232,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RalphRoberts,"It is much better than Conviction or Double agent. Blacklist feels closer to the original 3 Splinter Cell Games, although I am still waiting for the return of a sound/light meter rather than just guessing how visible I am."
,Recommended,235600,28718338,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Turtle,"Blacklist is kindof a let down after playing Chaos theory 5 times over and doing different Styles and Going a different way!Blacklist doesnt have all that replayability..or atleast to me, Dont get me wrong its a great game! But its just not as good as the other games. My biggest issue is that Sams voice as changed and hes someone aged backwards. If this would have been a prequel i would have been fine with it not happy just fine.You cant replace the humor old Sam had when grim made him feel old or Lambert and Sam had old people talks.All in All Story 5/10, Gameplay 8/10 ""The items you get are fairly fun like the Tri Roter"" Stealth 5/10 "" It doesnt feel as hard as the older games like in Splinter cell The first level you start up you can just barely sneak by  these guards because its so bright around the area! Combat 10/10 ""Combat has been improved amazingly sense Conviction and the older games im tired of just tapping my mouse on a guys head and have the bullet fly past him, Theres realistic and then theres just stupid."" Overall its a pretty solid game but i recommend Chaos theory for a Better Splinter cell experiances. Also  the PC controls arent the best thing ever i recommend using a Controller if you can.Sense some people cant really understand ive owned this game before so i have to write this in"
,Not Recommended,235600,14781216,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,PotatoLeague,"Game itself is decent but this is a truely terrible pc port. Prone to frequent crashes, graphical issues even on beefy pcs and the horror that is a uplay client trying to run in the background alongside steam."
76561198014702049,Not Recommended,235600,14335708,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lord Tommy,"I was willing to give this game a chance after the horrible nightmare that was Splinter Cell Conviction.  Interviews with the devs highlighted a game that they promised would go back to some of Splinter Cell's roots while still moving the franchise forward, which is fine by me.The execution of the game however still lingers like acid reflux that no amount of tums can put down.The uncomfortable:Long gone is Splinter Cell alumni Michael Ironside, the voice of Sam Fisher for the 6 other (I think 6) entries in the franchise.  This is such an immersion breaker for me, and I suspect anyone else like me, that is a long time fan of the series, but not the direction it took in Conviction.Michael Ironside IS SAM FISHER, the choice to either not hire him on purpose or for whatever reason is such an alienating mistake for long time fans of the franchise.  But here's the thing, Ubisoft does not care about the old fans of this series, they care about getting new fans and competing with call of duty.The EXTREME:The game gets in your face, granted in a bit more subtle way than Conviction did, but there's this intense Monday night drama!!!!!! feel to the game as you're introduced to your new base, your team, and your goal to protect the world from the most extreme bad guys ever by going to the limit!Promises broken:I was interested in the 'ghost / phantom / whatever' game play mode, one that emphasized a pure stealth approach to the game, because that's what the old Splinter Cells were about, because Sam wasn't equipped for extended combat.  So the idea appealed to me, as well as the insistence that there were multiple ways to clear an obstacle...Which there are, to a degree.  Movement is still totally linear, it would be nice to have this game take some lessons from Assassin's creed and give you a bit more of an open world to use in your approach to a target.  I understand a narrative needs to have some degree of linearity to move a story to a point, but the ""alternate paths"" feels like:""You approach the bad guy, do you want to close one eye, both eyes, or have both open?!""Everything leads to one point, and if you are trying to play a zero kill playthrough there are moments where they do their hardest to make that improbable.  You have to exploit the AI to make it work.The missed opportunity:I'm done with this franchise, I'm done as long as they are going to use Sam Fisher and Anna Grimmsdottir.The new guy playing Sam is just plain terrible at voice acting and has no shred of the gravitas that Michael Ironside brought to the character.  And why is Grimm suddenly this extreme beeyotch of a boss?  She was never like that in the original run, she was an operational advisor for Sam.  I could see her succeeding Lambert, but not in this way.Honestly, if they ditched the old characters but still called it Splinter Cell, I'd have less of a problem with it.  Give me new characters in a Splinter Cell world you want to redefine, my brain won't reject it as much.Because I grew up playing Splinter Cell, I knew Splinter Cell, and this game is not Splinter Cell.Conviction was a terrible turning point, they invalidated amazing character choices from Double Agent.  Sam's daughter is killed in a random accident and Sam hits rock bottom, taking on an absolute zero success chance suicide mission to infiltrate the JBA.Hey, guess what, his daughter is alive, because feels!  It was a setup so bad guy number 7 could get to him and enact Independece Day Initiative!Sam is so deep undercover, the only man who knew he was is dead, Sam's on the run as a wanted terrorist, he may have to straddle the line just to survive and clear his name!Nope, never mind, let's throw him in some cliche plot where the world is in danger and he must auto murder people and explode helicopters to do it.Blacklist is more of that, it's more from people that just don't get what Splinter Cell was.  Which is fine, if you didn't grow up with Splinter Cell, or better if you stop trying to hang on to the old guard.""Hey, drink this.""""What is it?""""It's coke""""Um, okay, wow this is gross what is it?""""Just brown water I found and put in a coke can.""""That's gross, wtf?""""Here, let's put some real coke in there, now drink it!""""But it's just dirty water with coke!""""RARRARARARRGGGHHHH!""""Dude, wth?""""PUSH Y BUTTON TO DRINK COKE AND WIN GAME!"""
,Not Recommended,235600,33450629,Posted: 11 July,all,shapes345,"this was one of the greatest splinter cell games ever made. Its a real shame Ubisoft decided to add a bunch of gimmicky crap like a companion app, because they no longer support it. Also multiplayer is dead which really sucks because it was one of my favourite multiplayer games of all time.still fine as a single player experience as long as you dont mind having a bunch of unlockable stuff that will never unlock because you cant connect the companion app anymore"
,Recommended,235600,34675405,Posted: 1 September,all,Sid,"LATE REVIEWTrue successor to Splinter Cell Chaos Theory.I had many prejudices against this game before playing, namely because Splinter Cell Conviction was a thing and very action-adventure and less so stealth. Those prejudices all vanished after I played the game.+ Playstyles - Assault, Panther, Ghost - they are very well done. This game genuienly fits all 3 playstyles like a glove.+ Enemy AI and enemy placement+ Level design - THE most crucial element in stealth games, there's a ton of ways to do things and infiltrate areas.+ The parkour fits and works amazingly for this game to do things.+ Fitting modern controls and tight gunplay. The one thing Ubisoft games are really good at is streamlining controls. Remember how many odd menus you had to navigate in SCCT? No more!+ Bigger heavily armoured enemies are genuinely tougher and require different tactics.+ This one is a shocker but the TV-show like ambiance akin to 24 or Homeland the 4th Echelon has, works amazingly.- Sam Fisher is not the same, he acts somewhat more like an average military guy from any shooter game than the witty humane man we've seen in prior games. There isn't any humour, no ""medals don't help me sleep at night"" type of dialogues.- Dogs can be a nuisance.- Assassin's Creed like set piece, like having to run away from a burning area due to explosion.- I didn't really understand where the story wanted to go along with the antagonist.After the disappointment that is MGS V, this is probably the last good AAA stealth game in recent years."
76561198031676755,Not Recommended,235600,30329840,Posted: 4 March,all,Cpl. Clegg,"Ubisoft has the worst customer service known to man:https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.uplay.com. I have waited for a week now for them to restore my U-play account and until they do all of my Ubisoft games on Steam are dis-abled. I have never experienced such un-responsive customer service. They make some great games, but if you ever have an issue with their games or U-play you had beteer hope to god that they respond to your issue. They use a 3rd party software (u-play) to provide access to your games on Steam. So Steam con do nothing to help you. At this point, I have lost all my Ubisoft games that I purchased on Steam and I have little hope that they will ever help. I will never purchase an Ubisoft game again."
76561198097584957,Recommended,235600,22719845,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Chingchangchong,A bit hard to get the hang of but overall an amazing game!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,23154783,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TT,"Gameplay all good. But the worst thing is that me and my friend bought this to play coop, and it doens't even work, so we can't play together, which is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,235600,26299621,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hurka,Bought the game+dlcs and the ♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft removed it from my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay account and if i try to activate it it says the code has been already used so i have it in my library and i can't play it because of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay
,Recommended,235600,18547072,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DimasRMDO,"My only problem is Uplay, other than that, it's a good game.Stealth is pretty hard (Perfectionist) but not as hard as the previous Splinter Cell game (Chaos Theory, Double Agent, etc.)Graphics, it's wonderful.Animation is outstanding, when you want to take down enemy there will be animation, you don't just punch them and done. You'll strangle the enemy and it'll take some times.Combat (Gun), it depends on what difficulty you're play.A.I. also depends on difficulty.Story is pretty nice, but story is based on opinion so your opinion may be different.Multiplayer is pretty good, more gamemodes.The problem with the multiplayer though, sometimes you can't join your friend's session. You should contact Ubisoft Support to help you because not all problems are the same."
76561198043228612,Recommended,235600,11166178,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Max Planck,"An exceptionally good stealth game. The mechanics are good and the 3 different playstyles suit every person. The multiplayer is new and improved but still has the best thing from the old games. Overall a very good game, even a must-buy for every stealth game lover out there!"
76561198112571226,Recommended,235600,17455378,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sakuragi,one of the perfect game i have played. i wish there were many scenario missions. it's very fun to play this game both steath and action.graphic are even pretty cool for 2015. sounds are okay. game musics are quite listenable too.game athmosphere is just magnificent. i have never played any splinter cell games before 3 hours but i love this game.i sugggest this game if you like hitman or metal gear solid.9/10
,Recommended,235600,21036180,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,OxyNormal,"I actually played Blacklist back when I was primarily using my PS3 (hence the low play time on Steam). I must have sunk a good 100 hours into it - not a ridiculous amount of time but enough to consider myself a big fan of it. Like Hitman: Absolution, it gets a lot of stick from longtime fans for not staying true to the original formula and, as a longtime fan of both myself, I was afraid I wasn't going to like them.Thankfully (and surprisingly), I was mistaken in both instances. However, on further reflection, I began to think that perhaps change wasn't necessarily a bad thing in this case. It's not like the Splinter Cell formula was infallible after all - there were some definite issues present in the other games. It wasn't like Blacklist came along and tried to screw with perfection; it came along and tried to do things a little differently in a series that probably could have done with a little revitalisation anyway. To that end, I think it did a bang-up job of refreshing the series.There are a lot of great features in this game. The fact that it rewards you for approaching each mission differently is a nice touch. For once, I didn't feel like a stealth game was guilt tripping me for going the ""Screw stealth - let's go nuts"" approach. Going in guns blazing is now a viable option  - even if it's not what Sam Fisher would conventionally do. Actually, plenty of the equipment on offer is directed at precisely the type of people who prefer that distinct lack of subtlety. The little mini-missions given out by your team members are also a good way of breaking up the main missions. They also help you to unlock better equipment for Sam to use in the main missions, so they're well worth doing.Long story short - it's not a conventional Splinter Cell game, but don't let that put you off. Convention is overrated anyway. There's plenty of things to like in Blacklist as long as you don't get hung up on how different it plays to previous games. Enjoy it for what it is and you'll walk away happy with your purchase."
,Recommended,235600,15276040,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,WildHeart,"Mark bad guy.Stalk bad guy.Get close to bad guy.Get to cover while watching bad guy.Press Z to attrack bad guy.Watch approaching bad guy.Knife the bad guy in the neck.Stalk another one, karate chop! K.O."
,Recommended,235600,13461892,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,daibsler,"Great fun, back to the classic splinter cell stealth style"
,Recommended,235600,9001309,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ABC Studios,"One of the most fantastic games I have ever experienced in my life. The voice-acting is very well done. The story is very intriguing. I put over 24 hours in this game alone through the campaign and 4E side missions. (4E is what they call them). The game play is very fluid. Moving from cover to cover is very nice and well-thought-out. It took a moment to get used to, but once you do it is incredible.Most games these days put you through an 8-10 hour campaign and that's it. But this one is incredible. The side missions are very unique and complicated. The game is linear, but there is a ton of routes you can take throughout each stage. You can go through the whole game without kill a single person if wanted. You have the choice to knockout enemies or kill them.The weapons are very well made. You also have a choice in loud-n-proud or stealth with weapons. Some weapons don't have silencers, some automatically have one built on. There is a TON of choices in weapons.I give this game a 9/10. Most people who are in-love with stuff go 10/10. But, I will probably never give a game a 10/10. There were no problems with it, big or small. The only hate I have is you use Steam to launch it, which launes uPlay, then you can play the game. Little annoying but it's no problem.I played this game through on the Steam Machine (I am a beta participant) and it ran like a hot-knife slicing through butter. I did not use or try the Steam controller on it. But this game was great.If you enjoyed Deus Ex: Human Revolution, then you will without-a-doubt love this game. To me it was 10x's better than Deus Ex and I really enjoy Deus Ex. I picked this game up for $20, it's a game worth $50.The multiplayer is pretty fun too, unless you get levelled with high level players. I haven't played a TON of multiplayer, but with what I have played it is fun. It's Spies vs Mercs. Pretty much a tank vs a ninja. Tanks have limited mobility and ninjas move in the shadows and kill. The gam mode I played had 3 stations. There is a large room the 2 spies need to be in. Once they are in the room it starts to be ""hacked"". You only need 1 spy in there, but there is you and another player. It's 2v2. The 2 tanks search and try to kill you and keep you out before each room reaches 100% hacked. Pretty fun game.Worth the money, give it a try and check it out!(Sorry for any misspelled words or type-o's, the Steam Client doesn't have a function to show you any words that are misspelled and what not)"
,Recommended,235600,9509415,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,QUIT,"Having played the previous version of it, Splinter Cell Conviction, Blacklist is pretty like the previous game, but with improvements of course. As usual, the game place a huge emphasis on stealth. Fans of games such as Hitman: Absolution will find Blacklist similar in many ways. However, it has to be noted that since Splinter Cell isn't just about an assassination game, it's core gameplay lies in the use of the gadgets given, as you play as a covert op by the name of Sam Fisher. Although running and gunning may prove to be a success in some stages, most of the gameplay require careful use of the various techs given to the protaganist Sam Fisher. Along the way, players can also upgrade their utitlities and weapon array via the in game ""SMI"" (something like a customization and launching of mission menu)Since I have been a long standing fan of Ubisoft Games and Tom Clancy titles, I would like to point out that Blacklist is a game that should not be missed. As much as the emphasis and primary objective of the game is the utilization of stealth tactics and gadgets, enough freedom is actually given to do whatever you want to fit your style of play.In conclusion, I would give the game itself a solid 9/10 (-1 just because if you are a perfectionist like me you would be spamming the restart button constantly after making a mistake, other than that, it is perfect). Get the game, strap yourselves in and prepare for a hell of a ride."
,Recommended,235600,24055002,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stealth,Good Story 9/10Cool animations 10/10Multiplayer 0/10 Because it doesn't work -_------------------------------------------------Game 8/10=Good
76561198027783122,Recommended,235600,20279424,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Slayerformayor,"No idea why it's taken me so long to review this game. This was easily my favorite game of 2013. I'm currently playing MGS V, and I feel so incredibly limited by Snake's moveset that I had to come back and play Splinter Cell. I get it...two completely different experiences...yadda yadda yadda. When I want an awesome stealth actioner, I'll take Blacklist over anything. I've beaten this game on Perfectionist so many times. It's awesome every time. Taking different approaches in each level. Every takedown feels righteous. Everything has impact. Karambit stealth kills are spectacular every single time. They never, ever get old.Among my favorite stealth games of all time. While the story isn't all...whatever...at least it's not a convoluted mess as in the case of whatever passes for a story in the MGS world these days.Get this game. It's cheap...but I'd still recommend purchasing it at full price."
76561198006849221,Recommended,235600,32752607,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,Fun game that makes you feel like a badass.
,Recommended,235600,841372,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,JoSmir,"Адская попоболь на ""Ветеране""!"
76561198055555262,Recommended,235600,9301461,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Terickle,"Excellent graphisms, variety of missions, very high resolution issues resolved, very good gameplay"
76561197963426636,Recommended,235600,23338737,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zephyr,"After the utter disapointment that were PC Double Agent and Conviction, needless to say I approached blacklist with a great dose of apprehension. In Splinter Cell terms, that means crouched and in the darkness. Be advised though, if you see pets crouched and in the darkness, usually it's a sign they are about to deliver a smelly present in your living space. But that's not the point.So, it was a good thing that I was actually pleasantly surprised by Blacklist. Blacklist have a more open approach to missions which is akin to what Phantom Pain did, namely giving you a hub/nexus from where you decide which mission to tackle next, and which you can upgrade as well as upgrade and purchase gear using money you gain by completing said missions.I kinda like that, and it helped the game controls were refined and actually more instinctive than in previous games. They aren't perfect, and prompts are still wonky, but it's getting there. Instead of forcing us into a more actionny gameplay that was in Conviction, Blacklist come back to the fundamentals of stealth, albeit with a more simple system than in Chaos Theory. It also leave room for people who want to play a more action type of gameplay, though it's not avaible for all missions, some having stealth requirements for scenario reason, and for people who don't want to go non lethal and avoid ennemies, but want to sneak around and cut throats and shoot people in the head. Each mission has you rated in thoses 3 categories(Ghost, Panther and Assault), and add replayability if you want to get the best score possible for each.Side missions are gimmick missions with special conditions, which offers challenges and story in equal measure, and can, best all, be played in coop, which is a pretty good thing. Coop is actually pretty fun and usually enjoyable, albeit it suffers from a chatting system not working for a lot of people. The problem is, your partners aren't always playing with a style similar to your, so trying to get ghost mastery when you have a guy near you who is going loud and lobbing incendiary grenades everywhere can be quite a nuisance.The single player campaign is mostly well done and enjoyable(though it has a few missions that are pretty annoying and meaningless and which could have been served better with a very long cutscene instead). Characters are surprisingly pretty well done, and we get to see how Sam has changed due to the events he had to go through. It hits a more grey moral zone. The story still has big chunks of Tom Clancy in it, and you will find again the cliché of having antagonists who are pretty much against the US dominion and must try very hard to not say ""capitalist pigs"" every 5 seconds. The problem I have with that is it doesn't convey the real problems some of the third world countries, or war torn countries can have, or what their opinion really is. Honestly the US dominion did nothing in comparaison to the british colonialism in term of dammage, and the US have considerably reduced their involment in foreign affairs thoses last years, so the whole thing kinda falls flat. So for me, the motivation of the antagonists is misguided and overplayed with very little true motivation, which is a shame, because they could have done something better with their villain. Also it's difficult to not think of Kane from Command&Conquer every time you see the guy.The missions are pretty well designed, offering multiple avenues of approach, and usually giving you tools to deal with what you have between you and your objective.Weapons are a bit disappointing in the sense most of them are pretty useless if you don't go loud, and among the others, some are simply way better than all the rest. Some balencing would have helped here. Especially because if you go ghost, you won't be using any or so little, because you will need non-lethal stuff.The soundtrack though is extremely dispointing, often on the border of electronic stuff which is more of a pain than anything. The pause menu soundtract being the main offender.Be also aware that the game is buggy, especially in some places where you climb/chimey, and where you can get stuck if you try to do something like shooting or opening a window. This happens way more than it should, and it's a complete soft lock forcing you to restart at the last checkpoint. The game will also get into windowed mode for no reasons at time when you launch it, and all the times you alt-tab.Overall this is a pretty enjoyable experience, at least worth 20 euros to me, but which you will probably be able to get for less(you can get it for 5 during a sale, which is a pretty good deal). People are still playing the game at the moment of this review so finding a coop partner is easy, which is appreciable.Also, if you are still crouched in the dark, at least I hope you dug a hole and plan to cover it before you leave..."
76561198063089365,Recommended,235600,20532291,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lewis,"Each year, I usually like to go back and replay some old games that I really liked and havent played in a while, and this is definatley one of them. I've played through the campaign of this game at least 3 or 4 times now and I just love coming back to it each time. There is tons of replayability with different ways to play the game, plus the really fun multiplayer, and Co-op! Sure, the multiplayer doesn't have very many players but you are still able to find games in it, as long as you can wait for 2 or 3 minutes to find one. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes games with fun, challenging gameplay, different strategies, a great story, and tons of replayability. Good job on this one, Ubisoft! Please make another Splinter Cell game, no more Assassins Creed!"
,Recommended,235600,20131576,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Booty Bamboozler,"It's a solid stealth game that is more in line with the older games than its predecessor, Splinter Cell Conviction. Of course, you have the option to either go in loud or be silent and tactical, but be prepared for serious resistance. There's quite a few complaints about the change in voice actor compared to the previous games, but I think the new guy did quite well and executed the character perfectly. The game is also well-optimized (better than Conviction), and I can run it on hardware that's dated by a few years. I have yet to play the multiplayer or co-op, but the single player campaign alone stands up on its own merits. I'd give this an 8 out of 10, its quite worth the time you'll put into it."
76561197960467832,Recommended,235600,7363431,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,a scintillating comment,"A solid entry in the SC, but still not it's best. As someone who enjoyed the improved tactical options and fluidity of movement in 'Conviction', I can say this takes that even further. Options to complete missions completely undetected, or by taking out enemies quick and quietly are a blast. I understand why the 'assault' option of guns blazing is there, but it's really not that much fun for me. It doesn't feel like how an operative like Sam Fisher is meant to operate. My biggest complaint is that while this is the best splinter cell gamer mechanically, and is plenty of fun, it doesn't feel much like a 'sam fisher splinter cell game'. The character is not there. It's not too shallow to say, but  a new actor created dissonace I could never fully ignore. A new character, under the tutelage of Sam Fisher would have been more interesting, and understandable, especially considering how much younger Eric Johnson--Sam's actor--is. Lastly, the dissonace is a matter of the game's general tone, as well.  You can be stealthy, but it's to a backdrop that's still  too actiony, too Jack Bauer, and too bright."
76561198039943671,Recommended,235600,19297755,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dank Lord Piffy Onebang TURBO,"UPlay sucks bigtime, made me have to uninstall and redownload the game.  Once I got the game going though, it was ♥♥♥♥ing great.  I've played all the splinter cell games and this is the best so far.  Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235600,18517022,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Summer Hopeflyte,"Another great addition to the splinter cell series. (I personally started way back with the original ""Tom Clancy's: Splinter cell"") Even without Sam's original voice actor, this new one does a very good job in his place. Oh, and the uplay? Doesn't really bug me, just another background program to y'know, just sit there and do nothing while you play your game besides allow you to play it (and taking up goddamn memory) Either way, it's a great game. I don't get ""great"" FPS while playing it, around 35-40, 50 in good places, but Spies versus mercs (What I play mainly) gets great fps, 80+ at times. Overall wonderful game, thanks ubisoft. Oh, and my USB xbox 360 controller works just fine with it. Yay.Oh, ho. You thought I forgot the negatives? Ahaha, no.So, let's begin, shall we?♥♥♥♥♥♥ pings are very present in SVM, especially when you're in mid-stab animation with someone and JUUUUST as you shove your knife into their neck, suddenly, you're dead.Uplay is just another stupid version of steam. A ripoff, if you will. I DON'T NEED TWO STEAMS, UPLAY. Spies versus mercs is infuriating to play, even as a new player (I am not a new player, for I maxed out everything on the console version- Which isin't as hard as you think it may be.) Stun crossbow is such an annoying weapon, espcially to have it used against you with someone who has basically the best aim in the world, you're guranteed to die about 10 times through the match.Oh, and speaking of matches, are you ready for this? There's no goddamn leave button during the matches. Okay sure, I get the idea of having to play out the whole match, but...REALLY? Suppose you have to, I don't know, tend to something else on your computer and quit the match? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ you either force quit the game via task manager or you keep playing.Oh, and SvM is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Mercs ♥♥♥♥ing hug eachother and the only way to get them is to have every spray with machine guns into them."
,Recommended,235600,9791136,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,FUCK BITCC H AHAHAHAHAHA,"OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS THE BEST, BUY IT AND PLAY IT. But really, this game is my favorite game, and it is even more fun with friends."
,Recommended,235600,19798432,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,kristra,Retry from last checkpoint simulator..11/10 would play on perfectionist again.
,Recommended,235600,11156117,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Dieter,MICHAEL IRONSIDE?
76561198000535792,Recommended,235600,8974448,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,IamtheLiquor252,"If you're good at being stealthy or just like to plain old assault the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemy, then this game is for you! plenty of Customizatin, Weapons, Challenges, Online Game Modes, Maps, etc.. Great Game IMO."
76561198038869267,Not Recommended,235600,7996231,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,richardstheone,"You can't go back and undo. If you play in beginner's mode, you should be able to kill the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s without pouring your clip into him."
76561198038118439,Not Recommended,235600,9034562,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Keytracer,Would be a nice game. Unfortunally it crashes every 25 minutes.There aren't many savepoints so be prepared to replay some lengthy parts more than just a few times.
,Recommended,235600,9012015,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,kirkland signature girl,by jingo this is a really good modern console game
,Not Recommended,235600,8289149,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bugginz,it deleted my save after I unlocked everything and it makes you use UplayIf you want the full text I suggest you message me then walk away from the computer for a few hours because I'm not too pleased with Ubi$oft on this one
,Recommended,235600,23213077,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bob Diddly Doo,Absolutely love it. The different approaches you're allowed to have for each mission is awesome. Lots of customization options as well.
76561198058560888,Recommended,235600,16435050,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gleck,"This game is my favorite shooter in the 20+ years since Doom was released on PC.  This game features an excellent story, great coop, and exciting multiplayer.  It even features a type of intelligence minigame that rewards you with score multiplayers in SP and MP.  There are tons of customization options for your gadgets and weapons.  You can: be a heavily armored door breacher that flashbangs then shotguns everything in sight,  be a ghost who uses stealth and gadgets to distract and complete the mission without ever being seen, be a sniper who lays proximity mines for would be flankers, also be an assault rifle weilding/grenade sniping nightmare.  The AI is one of the best out there (but still can be exploited) where the enemy that spots you will run to cover, summon reinforcements, and then they will either: surround you, stack up and rush you, or spread on a line and toss grenades at you.  Increasing the difficulty to perfectionalist will challenge.  The graphics are still great compared to current games.  The combat animations are superb, done with heavy emphasis in krav maga.  The single player dialogue amongst the characters make sense.  It's like jumping into a Clancy novel.  Multiplayer is smaller, sometimes only 2vs2, and you may have to wait a couple minutes for a fourth player to join in off hours (the game doesn't appeal to the COD crowd).  You play as either a stealthy spy, or an armored merc in an objective based game.  You don't get spawn killed in this game, don't have kill streak paladins raining death on you, there's no running around two minutes just to get killed by a guy camping out either.  The learning curve for the spy can be stiff until you understand the maps and how to misdirect and lead mercs into traps."
,Recommended,235600,17163261,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Duke of Cerak,"Good game,well made and executed.It has the best fithing and other animations in most games but to its earlier games the stealth is not that hard,its the best to play on perfectionist.It has good multiplayer but the community sucks its full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The co-op is good but its hard to play with a noob.the singleplayer is good but the story sucks it left a lot of stuff to explain.the multiplayer is good but its hard to play against a team of all max level player the matchmaking sistem suckThe game is a 7.8/10."
,Not Recommended,235600,8233974,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,KillZacular,"DON'T BUY!!!! Terrible port, online multiplayer doesn't work 90% of the time, game has terrible crashing issues and is almost 100% incompatible with AMD gfx cards."
76561198020231572,Not Recommended,235600,7791832,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Zan,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, THE UPLAY LAUNCHER SUCKS AND CRASHES!"
,Not Recommended,235600,8235634,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Squeezie,"I legitimately enjoyed this game, so you might wonder why I'm not recommending it.  I've just had a slew of problems with this game, mostly attributed to uPlay.  I really enjoyed playing the single player campaign; the UI looked good and the gameplay was solid.  It provided a decent challenge, and always gave incentives for doing it the hard way.Now, on to the problems I had:Since this was on Uplay and not steam, there were plenty of foreseeable errors, but when speaking exclusively about the game and the problems in game due to uplay, they made me want a refund.  First and foremost, at some point in time, my internet bugged out and after closing the game and relaunching it later, I couldn't get past the loading screen.  I disabled online syncing and went offline on Uplay, and the game ran fine.  I ended up beating the game in this fashion and when I re-enabled online mode for Uplay, it continued to lock up at the load screen.  After talking with Ubisoft support, if the online cloud data gets corrupted, they can't sync it with your offline data.  Furthermore, after telling me this problem was ""resolved"" I ended up having a clean wipe.  All my save data was gone.  I think the cloud data overwrites the offline data, so I lost all my hours of gameplay.  I talked to Ubisoft a bit more and they said I was just♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.Game was good, 8/10Uplay and dealing with all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, 0/10"
76561198010632656,Recommended,235600,17211666,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Backlasher [NL],i like this game especially because i can customize my agent and the story is interresting the engine is good and even multiplayer works out wellstealth was a fun and neccesary experience in this game
,Recommended,235600,9859756,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,rmz,"This is the best Splinter Cell game (since) forever. Interesting story, eye candy presentation, freedom of movement, stealth action, in your face bang bang action. Everything is here and you can play it like you want to. I prefer sneaking, so I completed the game without killing anybody, but it's completely viable, and often easier, to just run guns blazing killing everything. It's like the first Splinter Cell, just better in almost every aspect. Almost, as I liked the movement speed slider from the first game better than one run key. Other than that everything is better.The single player campaign, plus Grim's stealth missions, took me almost 30hrs. You can probably do it in half of the time, but even then there are more solo missions, more coop missions and the multiplayer. Definetely recommended."
,Recommended,235600,9001126,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ezteban,"At times this game makes you feel like a badass; and when it does - it really does!I've never managed to stun a man aiming at my hiding spot, while running up to choke a guy who comes charging at me. All while not being detected.Awesome."
76561198024374915,Recommended,235600,34876445,Posted: 10 September,all,-LNR-,"Great Game , Fun to Play Amazing Graphics and Game Play , 10/10 , i recomment it ."
,Recommended,235600,34968590,Posted: 15 September,all,Nicholas,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is my favourite game in the series.+ Brilliant scoring system (Ghost, Panther, Assault) that lets you play the game how you want and rewards you for it.+ Core stealth mechanics of the game feel really fun, and fair.+ Between the single player campaign and coop missions there are just lots of really great gameplay sequences+ Tons of cool character and gadget customization- Narrative still feels like a cheap cable TV show more than a real Clancy story- Too many of the available weapons to purchase are only suitable for ""Assault"" play style- Encountered lots of bugs and crashesFinal word: Really great game, I really feel they found that perfect balance between stealth and action in a way that feels fun and rewarding."
76561198306454040,Recommended,235600,35245817,Posted: 27 September,all,{RP}FLIP,SICK GAME
,Recommended,235600,9014532,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Tom,Best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory. The co-op mode is terrific as well.
,Recommended,235600,11697715,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Artyom Havok,Very solid story and gameplay.+Best looking game ive ever seen in the unreal engine (one of the only i know that runs in dx11)+kept all the good stuff from Conviction and added the dificulty of Classic and Chaos TheoryLosses points for-Not Michael Ironside-Constant random crashes and no ubisoft support
76561198076049767,Recommended,235600,10993391,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,onGiBon,It's very good stealth action and in her you can choose how complety every mission: stealth or storm.
,Recommended,235600,15310097,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,kill_phil,"You like sneaking through shadows? Waiting for your enemies to make a mistake and strike? Or do you like to run and gun? In Splinter Cell Blacklist you can do both or a way between it.I admit that i didn't expect much of the game as i bought it. Somehow i played every Splinter Cell game till now, but it never really got me hooked. I always liked the sneaking tho. The same happened to me with this game. But hold on. This doesn't mean the game is mediocre.The story is decent enough. Easy to follow, but not really impacting.The characters are good. Some known characters like Grimsdottir are  on board as well as new ones like the CIA Agent Briggs. The first time you see Briggs you know that he was mostly included to offer a partner for co-op gameplay, which is part of the game as well. Nonetheless i liked Briggs at the end. He showed a lot of character and the development of not only him, but all characters is very well done.The mission design is the usual Splinter Cell formula. Hack computer system, defuse bombs, rescue hostages, kill HVT's. Nothing really new, but still enough to never get boring. Aside from the Single Player missions there are also 20 side missions. 5 for infiltrating and hacking, 5 for assassination, 5 co op exclusive missions and 5 last stand missions where you have to hold of against an ever increasing number of enemies. The side missions are good enough. Offer a bit of plot even if not that much.The game has really good mechanics. The sneaking feels great. The ""stay in the shadows to not be spotted"" is great and is really accurate. The game calculates the chance to be spotted very precise or so it feels at least :) The climbing is abit limited because of the amount of spots you can climb but still enough to create a lot of opportunities to sneak by your enemies or or engage them from different angles. The cover system is solid. You can take cober at basically everything. With a press of a button you can switch covers or leap over em. Pretty solid work in that regard.The AI is good. On higher difficulties they spot a bit too fast and easy, but it was never really unfair to me. Most enemies have their patrol route and like in every splinter cell game. you have to be silent and study their routes. Especially if yo uwant to be as sneaky as possible.The animations look okay for the most part. Only the sprinting looks a bit weird. Sam looks like he♥♥♥♥♥♥his pants. Other than that the movement animations look good. The facial animations not so much. SAm and all the other characters look like they are not allowed to open their mouths when speaking. Also the faces look like out of stone.The graphics are decent. Nothing really astonishing, but they are good to look at.The amount of gadgets and weapons are massive. Each weapon customizable with a lot of different attachments. Gadgets are a lot too. For every situation there are gadgets that feel good to use. Being more sneaky or more action oriented? Doesn't matter. You have either sleeping grenades or frag grenades.Each item has to be bought from ingame cash you gather during missions. You can achieve extra cash by doing some hacking inside each mission or capturing high value targets.So that should be it. I really liked the game. I have not really much to complain about. The game is good. Bought it on sale for 5 bucks and i have to say it was worth it. The game is entertaining."
,Recommended,235600,25519145,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ale,I love this game!
,Recommended,235600,22276446,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,3RR0R-01,"This game is so much fun, my buddy and I play coop missions and just have a blast. A must have for fans of this amazing franchise!"
,Recommended,235600,10495771,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,player known,"I would recommend this game to any fans of Chaos Theory and Conviction. You get the best of both worlds... Sure it's not the 100% stealth game style as Chaos theory and the few Splinter Cell games before it but I guess Ubisoft wanted to evolve their splinter cell games to a new style of play. As much as I miss Deniable Ops (Spent almost 100 hours on Deniable Ops on console version). There are side-campaign missions that kind of replace it and not to mention spies vs mercs so I guess I have other things to do. The actual customization is also a great new feature in the franchise. Suit and weapon customization makes for different styles of play such as guns-blazing or pure stealth or even a mixture of both. The mechanics have been improved a lot from Conviction and, as mentioned before, you get to see somethings return from Chaos Theory. The only thing I am a little dissapointed on is that at the beginning of the game there are too many desert-daylight-middle eastern missions. I kind of miss the dark, night time missions but you do get a handful of those in the game. Take it from me, an avid Splinter Cell Chaos Theory and Conviction player, this is a very good game. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,235600,26305321,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pop_KilleD,"The game itself is a typical splinter cell game which offers you a lot of freedom, whether to engage directly, or take out enermy silently, or sneaking in without any kills. The single player campagin lived it's name and there's no comment on it but just: PLAY IT if you enjoy this game genre.But where this game shines is its COOP element and PVP, Spy VS Merc.After playing a few rounds i find it really a unique gamemode that offers intense gameplay that need a lot of skills.It is overall a must buy game with discounts and I've enjoyed a lot playing this game."
76561197999230480,Recommended,235600,29437944,Posted: 22 January,all,R3dtail,"The good:Excellent return to emphasis on stealth, but with a system that allows you to progress even if you're not that great at being stealthy.Very good soundtrack, maybe not as good as the oldschool Amon Tobin game scores, but it has the same feel to it.Mission layout is very good. Missions are long enough to let you really get into it, try new things, but not too long so as to be boring or frustrating.Excellent pacing.The bad:Keyboard/mouse control scheme is kind of a disaster, and the fact that the game dumps you into the action without so much as a main menu while assuming you're using an Xbox controller kind of sets the tone for the whole game as far as broken controls are conceerned.I'm not a fan of the way the mission hub system works, as it feels way too much like the later Mass Effect games and I'm not crazy about how that works in the context of a Splinter Cell title. However, while this interferes with the tone of the game a bit, it does make for halfway decent gameplay.The ugly:Uplay.I had to spend about four days with one of Uplay's service associates to recover my account for about the third time. Thankfully these guys are pretty efficient, competent and pleasent to deal with, but haviong to do this should be a rarity rather than a regular occurrence."
76561198179612597,Recommended,235600,14996249,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jey ♠,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Splinter Cell ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
,Recommended,235600,17805830,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,HurricaneBudgie,"The gameplay is good fun. Its good times sneaking around taking mofos out. As for the story... well I skipped it, who would really buy this for the story anyways."
76561198019055885,Not Recommended,235600,8017387,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Abbath Doom Occulta,full of bugs dont but it!
,Recommended,235600,15606693,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hikumi,"The Splinter Cell series are some of the most unique stealth element games. From the same developers who brought you the Assassins Creed series, Splinter Cell is more futuristic-based and incorporates high-tech gadgets as well as advanced firearms. It has introduced more and more new stuff since the first game, and Blacklist is where the pinnacle is at.Nearly all the different weapons you get can be customized differently to suit your play style. Speaking of play style, Blacklist actually ""rates"" you based on your play style for every mission. Go full stealth and make as little contact as possible while using only non-lethal methods to deal with hostiles, or be a silent but ruthless killer and leave a trail of death behind you without alerting an entire army. Or you can run in guns blazing and take them head on.However you choose to play it, Blacklist still incorporates a user-friendly interface. A lot has changed since Splinter Cell: Conviction, yet familiarity remains. Some short tutorials in the first two missions will get Conviction players and new Splinter Cell players alike familiarized with the controls quickly.The graphics are amazing. On a powerful machine with full settings, it feels like you're watching a live-action movie in cinema. Couple that with the decent sounds, and Blacklist is basically an interactive movie where you get to determine the action that takes place.The thing about Blacklist is that it does not seem to have a randomization element. Every mission, whether main story or side missions, remains the same every time you start one. Once you have played enough times and grind the same mission over and over again, it actually becomes a ""routine"". Hostiles will appear and patrol the same few points every single time, unless you disrupt the process by causing trouble of course, but on a full stealth run, it never happens. Very quickly can veteran players do speed runs. Sure, there may be many different methods or paths to complete a mission, but all directions will eventually lead to one destination.So when the campaign gets tedious, you get to play online in cooperative missions. Much like Conviction, the cooperative campaign features a side story that actually connects to the main story, so this one thing you will miss if you don't have multiplayer capabilities.When missions get boring, then it is time for some PvP. Blacklist brings back the classic Spies Vs. Mercenaries matches. Although I personally seldom play PvP, I've tried it out and it's not too bad. But don't take my word for it, check out comments from avid PvP players.Overall, Blacklist is definitely recommended. It's a game that you won't get bored of in a short period of time. It's also fun to compare your playthrough with those of other players and share your tactics.Hikumi gives this game, a 9 out of 10."
76561197970715975,Recommended,235600,28464211,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Thrillseeker,If you love Stealth as much as I do.  Buy this game NOW!
,Recommended,235600,34789456,Posted: 6 September,all,MRG☢SSLET,"I realize this is not a forum... However this will be probably the most useful information you will find. When purchasing this game before thinking of launching it on steam go to Uplay -https://uplay.ubi.com/- Install. Then launch through steam. Write down your game key and press play. *Uplay will then open*. Your game will launch on Uplay automatically type in the key code you wrote down and you're all set. The same advise will go for Conviction.You see, the problem is when you launch it without installing official Uplay it opens a web browser based version of Uplay which will crash and crash and crash after updating.Good Luck"
,Recommended,235600,21829104,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"[NOTE: up to this date, this is the only Splinter Cell game that actually works with the XB360 controller accurately].Awesome game!Good graphics, interesting story, and epic gameplay with a lot of replay value.For those that are wondering and enjoyed previous Splinter Cells, this game is a perfect mix of SC:Conviction and the classics. The game has a more ""optional"" approach as to give you the choice of playing Stealth-ly, Panther-ly, or Assault-ively. Meaning you can choose to play like the classics (slow, steady, sneaky and tense like in the classics) or sneaky but aggressive like in SC: Conviction.The game re-introduced the highly innovative yet super underrated multiplayer Spy VS Mercs, an awesome gamemode where Third-Person Action-Adventure Spies take on First-Person-Shooter Mercs in a highly tactical and teambased match.(Also, impressively enough the new voice actor did good in maintaining the style Michael Ironside gave to Sam Fisher.I still prefer Michael Ironside, and it is a huge shame for fans of the franchise as myself that he's not the voice actor anymore, but the new voice actor did good enough)"
76561198062622366,Not Recommended,235600,26279393,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,end my fucking life please,coop is the most confusing thing I've ever tried to attempt
,Recommended,235600,33971411,Posted: 2 August,all,Lilcoat,10/10
,Recommended,235600,18628206,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Anal Intruder,"Fanculo Batman, Sam Fisher è l'unico vero eroe di cui ho bisogno!"
76561198007812784,Recommended,235600,22032972,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Halal Kebab,"A return to form for the series after a few wayward products. To my mind, this is the first true sequel since Chaos Theory, and I love this game for that. Stealth is back people!The game allows you to play any style you want, but the rewards just flow when no-one knows you are there. Isn't that what a splinter cell is all about?  If this is the future of the franchise, then I am in."
,Recommended,235600,13852410,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Purple Goose Regent,"Despite being somewhat casual (you know, mass culture means profane more often than not, especially with Ubisoft latest trends), this game's exception in that it has surprisingly polished playstyles and difficulty settings to fit every taste - whether you're a sissy one button shoot'em up grunt or hardcore stealth fan that feels aroused when actually ghosting around without touching or disturbing anyone. Yes, the game can be played like Conviction OR like Chaos Theory - the choice is yours and it's great to see that Ubisoft have learned from their past mistakes with Double Agent and Conviction. One can say that this game takes and combines all the best feats of other Splinter Cell installments - except for the split jump of course... We miss you, mate!The main plot is a bit dumb... Dramatic, with good scriptwriting (scriptwriters know the trade more than you'd expect - Guantanamo Bay, Stuxnet, Denver Int. Airport bunker and etc.) but still closer to Hollywood reality than to actual life...Yes, this game has coop and multiplayer. I haven't tried the latter yet but coop is nice - probably even better than in Chaos Theory since you have more missions to play and they're more diverse."
76561198041333400,Not Recommended,235600,34781941,Posted: 6 September,all,Synvian,"Great one - put a broken game on sale. 'Cannot connect to Ubisoft servers,' why do you even need uplay to access singleplayer?? I'll have to get it on console instead . . . ."
,Not Recommended,235600,35323238,Posted: 29 September,all,King Tickle,"Before you judge me for giving a negative review, hear me out please.(Also take the serious part of this review seriously and the not so serious part, you guessed it, not so seriously)SINGLEPLAYER: An amazing modern evolution of the Splinter Cell Saga, with being able to choose from 3 styles of play each challenging and fun in their own way, as well as massive customization and coop fun. Yes it's simpler than the older splinter cells and even more ""action-y"" but I'm not going to be all die-hard fan about this stuff. I loved this game. This is one of my favorite games for the sake of the singleplayer and coop alone... but...MULTIPLAYER: But then you have multiplayer... mmm... mhmmm... MMMM MMM MMMM BOI let me tell you about multiplayer alright? Splinter Cell Blacklist: Spies VS Mercs multiplayer, their main mode, their bread and butter. They straight up eviscerated all the balancing from the first game (When I say first game I mean the Double Agent: Spies vs Mercs mode) and turned it into a fest of feces. I have never been more legitimately tilted at a game in my life. EVER. It's not just the fact that it's painful to play with broken mechanics + max level players meta-ing the ♥♥♥♥ out of you, it hurts 5x more because it USED to be a good gamemode in Double Agent. Now instead of tactical slow-ish paced gameplay with moments of action that are impactful, it's literally (and yes I do actually mean literally) a random spawn, team meta, OP gadget spam, lives last about 15-30 seconds, spy's bend over and ram mercs for 5-10 minutes fest... I mean... I mean just WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA TO HAVE SPIES BE ABLE TO MELEE FROM THE FRONT IN OPEN COMBAT, THAT'S NOT HOW A ""SPY"" IS PLAYED YOU GOD DAMN DUNDERHEADS.When you're a spy trying to sneak around but get seen and have to deal with a highly trained mercenary wearing armor and sporting heavy weaponry right in front of you but it's ok because you just pressed E and lunged at his throat, killing him with an animation lasting about 0.5 seconds so you can either run off to kill his friend who just watched you water the ground with his buddy’s blood or run off to hide for a second and regenerate the health you lost from taking 4 bullets to the chest, after all the more health you have as a spy the longer you can straight up sprint at a merc opening fire on you to tap E and kill him instantly from the front with zero retaliation from said highly trained merc who’s literally expecting you to try and melee him from the front... Oh speaking of melee, did I mention the mercs also get melee kill animations against the spies that look totally badass but you know unlike in the singleplayer where if you try to melee an alert opponent or a heavy soldier (which the mercs are) from the front they push you back and you have to find a way to deal with them that involves actually being a spy, mercs have less melee range than the spies so if both melee from the front the spy wins even though the merc is actively expecting and engaging in melee combat with the spy... also the mercs melee kill animations only work if you, haha get this friends, GET BEHIND THE SPIES. YOU KNOW THE SPIES WHO ARE SUPPOSED TO SNEAK AROUND GET A 360 DEGREE PRESS E TO KILL BUT THE MERCS WHO ARE BASED AROUND OPEN COMBAT CAN ONLY DO A KILL ANIMATION WHEN THEY SNEAK UP ON THE SPIES.WHEN THEY SNEAK UPON THE SPIESI'm not even going to mention- well I'll mention very briefly the fact that a group of 2 spies working together can out-gun a mercenary because, guess what, spies get main weapons in this game and the only thing saving mercs (because it sure as hell isn't their ""armor"") is the fact that spy main weapons tend to have low accuracy... I mean, you gotta have something preventing the game from being Ghost Recon: Future Soldier vs Call of Duty soldier.So tell you what, you wanna have singleplayer and coop fun in one of the best Splinter Cell games ever, buy this game’s deluxe edition and have a party. But listen, if you’re a bit too calm in life, if you never really get upset or mad when you should, if your woman is asking you to be more assertive in the relationship and you just don’t have that fire in you, SPIN UP THE ‘OL UBISOFT ACCOUNT AND GIVE THE SPIES VS MERCS ♥♥♥♥ING GODFORSAKEN CARNIVAL FROM HELL A TRY BECAUSE IT’LL SURE IGNITE THOSE PASSIONATE FIRES DEEP WITHIN YOU MY FRIEND"
,Not Recommended,235600,14906583,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hot Loader,"I HATE UPLAY. ITS NOT WORTH BUYING ANY GAME THAT USES UPLAY. YOU WILL SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE TRYING TO GET THE GAMES TO ACTUALLY WORK. I HATE UPLAY!To clarify, this is a great game, but uplay is crap."
,Recommended,235600,14880958,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Coconut Cream,Lol I am master stealth master of stealth realm.
,Recommended,235600,23950851,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,zee,"this is probably the only sex game i will ever review, because for some reason i feel like it’s more than just sex. i don’t know if it’s how Sam and Isaac actually look at one another or the way they can’t get close enough. he’s actually looking at him like a person and not just a sex object.but then again, it could be all in my head. i mean, this is how i would want it to be. but that’s just me."
,Recommended,235600,22867036,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,TwitchyRabbit,I was apprehensive when seeing gameplay footage from this game as I was worried we had moved too far from the stealth based mechanics of the earlier games (Chaos theory will always be my first and true love). I waited for Blacklist to come up on sale before buying. I can happyily say I was not disappointed and would have payed full price for this game (Not something I say often). The stealth mechanics are still there in their deepest sense however there is the option to tackle the game in a more head on fashion as well if that's your thing.8/10
,Recommended,235600,29309285,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"Unplayable thanks to Uplay, but if you can somehow get this to work, its not half bad for a splinter cell game.3/6"
,Recommended,235600,34084755,Posted: 7 August,all,EFF-SEE,"I loved the whole Tom Clancy series, played it from start to end on ps and now recently bought the PC version - still fantastic.- Unfortunately the online isn't working, I am constantly being prompted to come back later and the servers are still down, IT'S BEEN YEARS!! I mean come on UBI! I have run through all options from reinstalling the game to adjusting the ports and still, nothing. I am not wiping my computer and reinstalling windows, come on now. I want to kill NPC's on COOP or kill the Mercanaries on PVP!!! GIVE ME SOMETHING!- Story is still good fun and the game retains that great stealth gameplay that you expect when playing these games. Love it. There are only so many times I can play through the story mode until I want the online aspect, which UBI fail to maintain or even look at. The music in all the games has always been too much for me in stressful situations so I can't comment. Game playes well and you really get immersed when swiftly moving between shadows, planning your well executed chain takedowns. I wish there were more combat options when in tight situations e.g. I was sliding over a table,to escape, whilst an enemy had spotted me. I tried to shoot him whilst sliding but didn't work sigh... Would of been cool though. I just stared at him whilst gracefull sliding into his bullets. YEY!Still recommend if you're a fan of the series or just that into Sam's stealth takedowns."
,Recommended,235600,26365216,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,XxXebolarinoXxX,lit
,Recommended,235600,29389889,Posted: 20 January,all,Zarthrag,"Not gonna lie, this is one of my favorite games.  My goto during the looooong wait for MGSV, and even afterwards.  There's a great variety of missions, and the challenge is extreme.  There's no ""wrong"" way to play, however - there are great rewards for staying as stealthy as possible, and improvising when you can't.  The only sad thing is that the multiplayer is dead - spies vs mercs is a thing of beauty.tl;dr - This game does tactical stealth espionage better than everyone in the genre."
,Recommended,235600,25664626,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Sergio Alonso,An excelent Stealth game that is almost as good as Metal gear solid. Bought it on a sale 3 years ago and enjoyed the 15 hours long campaign! :D
76561198065857325,Recommended,235600,11405023,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Israel is my city,goodgame
,Recommended,235600,12577560,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Igor (AtEMani),the best way to feel you need a new computer :D
76561197997890472,Not Recommended,235600,7868266,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Alewx,"Never never never never ever, buy the Deluxe Edition and the both DLcs together! it will cause an unlaunchable GAME!The Deluxe Edition already contains the DLCs!!!"
,Recommended,235600,12752967,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MizzMizz,"This is one of the most fun games iv played. there are so many options to which you can approach your objectives with, and every mission has replay value. the co-op system is sweet, but you want to make sure the person youre teamed up with has a mic and isnt trying to rush through the missions (there are people who try to do everything themselves and its almost like they are trying to race you to every objective and most of the time, they trip alarms or get cought and they ruin the whole mission). the weapon/player customization is awesome, but really easy to get.  some guns are no able to be silenced, which gets on my nerves, as specially if they can be in real life. eventually you will find yourself using the same gun because its the best one, so it kind of flaws the fact that there is a big selection (i mean your not going to NOT use the best gun..) overall, the game is really really fun and has alot to offer. i give it a strong 8/10."
,Not Recommended,235600,8246851,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Urethron,"I bought this game for the multiplayer, which didn't work. The problem was on Ubisoft's end, and they refused to fix it. Several months later I still have a broken game and no resolution or compensation. Do not buy this game because ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft in their stupid greedy faces."
,Not Recommended,235600,23219927,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Cuntstantin,"I bought this game today, in 2016, its been 3 years since this game came out, and they still didnt manage to fix the crashing issue, I see many people online having this problem but ubisoft doesnt care to ♥♥♥♥ing patch it, lasy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Recommended,235600,9858039,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dankk,"Stealth-action gaming at it's finest. Splinter Cell: Blacklist takes the greatest elements from Chaos Theory and Conviction, and combines them into something of a ""Best Of"" compilation. In other words - this is the finest Splinter Cell game yet. Great gameplay, satisfying takedowns, cool weaponry, intense cinematics, and the notorious Ubisoft-faux-Tom Clancy-esque dialog and writing that ties everything together. This game has everything and more. Arguably one of the most overlooked titles of 2013."
,Recommended,235600,10485473,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mad_Optimist,"I think this game was wrongly called 'Splinter Cell: Blacklist'. I'm sure it fully deserves the title ""Watch_Dogs"". It's all about watching running dogs around you and feeding them with the best lead goodies. The creative group of Ubi developers created a unique feature that will destroy thousands of your nerve cells - dogs plus moving drones. Actually, you don't need to know lots of information about this ""stealth""- action game, just remember the main ""D"" words - DOGGIES, DRONES, DEATH and DUMB soldiers with shields. Oh my god, 11/10!!!P.S. The following review describes co-op missions about the assault on various embassies, the impressions from another sides of game may vary."
,Recommended,235600,10228805,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gû♏ßy ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,VERY NICE
76561197994881859,Recommended,235600,8992425,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Topsy Kretts,I wouldn't advice anyone to buy this game while it is poisoned by Uplay which makes it unplayable.
,Recommended,235600,9277800,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Evolution,"Brilliant game, has moved back towards a stealth classic and away from the previous incarnations of action games.There is a tonne of content with a large list of unlocks and an impressive number of missions. The multiplayer game modes are very good but the coop maps are excellent as well.Level design allows for multiple paths in nearly all instances, combined with the different play styles allowed it offers replayability should you choose.I recommend this to anyone who enjoys a well done stealth game with a sprinkling of shooting action.The only real negative is Ubisoft's need to make you login through Uplay, this irks me slightly but does not detract from the game."
,Recommended,235600,9783906,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BowTies,10/10 i didnt kill anyone
,Recommended,235600,8948467,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,WillStyle,Awesome Story! and best Co-Op stealth game
76561198060439818,Recommended,235600,9085020,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,divermark1970,"not a bad game looks good sounds good,it got a good story line"
,Recommended,235600,9712749,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,El Fap De Guitario,"Best Splinter Cell game since the Trilogy, for me this is Splinter Cell 4."
,Recommended,235600,10774984,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mongy,"Awesome.From somebody that hasn't followed the Splinter Cell franchise I can quite honestly say that this game is just awesome, and the gateway that made me enjoy the stealth category.You earn cash for everything you do, and you can spend your money on suit upgrades (stealth or armour), guns (and gun attachments), gadgets, plane upgrades (your mission hub is on a plane), and different types of goggles. Your cash and upgrades are both tied into the singleplayer campaign and cooperative missions, so all cash and upgrades will be carried over to either.There are plenty of coop missions to play with friends or strangers, and many ways to complete them (replayability).You will be rewarded in three different categories depending on the way you play: Ghost (remaining undetected and only knocking enemies out), Panther (remaining undetected but killing enemies), and Assault (as you can probably guess, going guns blazing), it doesn't matter what you do, you're doing it right.The multiplayer Spies Vs. Mercs is a whole other game in itself, can be played casually or competetively with ranking, and upgrading similar to SP and coop missions.The objective for the Spies is to hack three terminals in the map, and the Mercs job is to put a stop to it.The Spies play in third person perspective, they are nimble, able to scale walls and enter vents, have a selection of vision modes, and have a deadly melee attack (can also use guns but at short range).The Mercs play in first person perspective, they are bulking, only able to vault obstacles, a selection of vision modes based on sound/sudden movement/electricity use, can use assault rifles and shotguns etc at long range (also have a deadly melee attack but can take a while to get used to).The multiplayer is 2 aside, or 4 aside depending on the game mode. The servers aren't as popular as you'd hope but finding a match is not difficult at all.People have had issues with uPlay but try not to let that name put you off, I've personally not had any trouble with it myself (not trying to rub it in to the people that have).If I recall correctly the game can be played with a controller, but I honestly don't see why you would want to as the game feels great to play with kb/m.Paying full price for this game, I'd say don't.Paying 50-75% off? Yes, yes yes yes."
76561198080177476,Not Recommended,235600,7905922,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TinLeaf,"If you like tight rubber suits, HORRIBLE framerate, frequent crashes and inept developers, this is the game for you! Experience the wonder of a non-functional options menu! Feel the incredible joy of crashing whenever you attempt to open certain doors! Bask in the warm fuzzy rage of dealing with Uplay's proprietary code! WOOHOO! Ubisoft, please stop cramming Uplay in everything. You're destroying people's hard work, and all it does is make me want to download the pirated version that dissincludes this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561197960973790,Not Recommended,235600,8949226,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Banan,i liked the first spolintercells way back when they were on the xbox. with the new splinter cell games it feels like they are trying to make a sneaking around stealth game a dumbed down action turnbased what ever. both this game and the one before it was terrible in my opinion. i've lost all hope in the splinter cell genre.
76561197998460625,Not Recommended,235600,8959122,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Pantherattack,"Dot this game to play with my friend but the coop dosent work, saying that we dont have the game when we try to invite each other after a hour looking online found this to be a common problem that they have known about for awhile and not fixed but hey what do you expect from Uplay."
76561198123164190,Not Recommended,235600,8979742,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,███Tardrette███,i really like this game but the problem is when ever i trie to play it the game freezes like every 30 mins i have tried multipile things if you know what it is please tell mke.
76561198006475590,Not Recommended,235600,9691977,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Funky Parasol,"Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ what can I say. This game tries to combine the stealth from the original big trio, Splinter Cell, Pandora Tomorrow, and Chaos Theory, with the action from Conviciton. I think it successfully does so, and the gameplay is quite satisfying, however the amount of problems with the game aside from gameplay are overwhelming. This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, for one, and it's made apparent when you start the game and have to watch the intro to the first mission and enter gameplay before being able to even change video settings. Mine started windowed at 800x600. Spies vs Mercs is back, and so is the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥lobby system. With so few players, chances are the host will leave if you push his♥♥♥♥♥♥in too far, closing the game and causing everyone to lose their progress, or it will just shut down with the same result. Roughly half of the games I was in ended this way, no ♥♥♥♥ing joke. A large amount of bugs, crashes to desktop, blatant port issues, and probably the dumbest storyline of the series means I can't recommend this to anyone. Also Sam is some random army♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥voiced by a different guy, and he seems completely unrelated to any of the other games."
,Recommended,235600,11397494,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Tirabi,One of the best games I've ever played in my life.  Seriously.  I have enjoyed every minute of this game and I usually don't like shooters.  Can't wait for the next.
76561198057350282,Recommended,235600,11042488,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ZEROFOX,"Great game. I loved the old school Splinter Cell games, but not so much the recent ones. This game brought back a lot of what made this series so great to begin with. To be honest the only complaints I can think of (which are minor ones) is the lack of interrogations and of course no Micheal Ironside. The new voice actor is good, but not the same.Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,235600,11550435,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Hazard,"For it being a newer SC game, this really brings back some old mechanics from Chaos Theory, which I loved. For example, you can be non lethal again, which irked me when it wasn't in Conviction. Long review short, Chaos Theory + Conviction."
,Recommended,235600,10766085,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Still,"I Would like to start of by saying, Well done on this game Ubisoft.It runs fantastic on pc, any kind of pc really. The PC port is stunningly good.For the game itself, I would honestly say, it is VERY solid. It might not be old school Splinter Cell, but it does a way better job than Conviction ever did. The game plays well and the story is, to my surprise, actually pretty good.The major downside to the game, in my opinion, is that it is very easy. Even on the highest difficulty. The game isn't very lenghty either.The game also has a set pf coopertive missions, but don't expect them to be Chaos Theory good. They're fun at best.The versus mode however, makes a glorious return. Spies VS Mercs plays out really well. But there is a downside. The multiplayer is peer to peer, wich means if the host lags, you lag. The other downside to the versus mode is that as mercenary you play in first person. Now this in itself isn't a negative thing, but the FOV is very narrow and can't be adjusted.This said, the versus made is really fun.I'd say, purchase this game if you're a splinter cell fan or a general fan of stealth games. If this is not the case, you might still want to give it a try when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,235600,9446865,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,IsaeK,hell yeah!
,Recommended,235600,23289104,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Smiling Warfighter,It's okay.
,Recommended,235600,8243418,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fast&Slow,Greatest stealth game i have ever played.
76561197995145777,Recommended,235600,23656439,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DKH,"Excellent graphics on high settings, great stealth/action gameplay and some cool upgrade systems for weapons armour. If you liked Metal Gear Solid V: Phantom Pain then you'll like this."
,Recommended,235600,10472431,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,MC_HammerKnife,ya
,Recommended,235600,7875269,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Doc Holliday,An overall good game... I had a few problems with the gameplay at times and the repetition of the quests seemed to get old.  I still finished the game to completion and even played around with the mobile game too!
,Recommended,235600,5387720,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Пушистик,Всё отлично но не затягивает так как должна
,Recommended,235600,9022988,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ruff Desperado,VERY GOOD
,Recommended,235600,21145250,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Aliandris,"I am giving this game a thumbs up not because it is a good game, which I've yet to determine, but because of the hidden DLC that comes with it.  Oh, I'm not talking about UPlay, no no, I'm talking about the hidden 'Gypsy Curse' DLC it comes packaged with.  This special DLC really brought the excitement to life.Think I'm making things up?  Ha, I wish.After running the gauntlet that was UPlay to get it installed and play it, I thought my trials were done, that I'd survived the worst the game had to offer.  What more could it do? I sat back and enjoyed being a badass black ops♥♥♥♥♥kicker.  Life was good.Then my computer started making a weird noise.  Well, these things happen, everything seemed to be working fine.  I loaded into a mission, a pretty tough mission, and I put in the work to succeed.  Just as I'm about to exfiltrate and claim my reward, the Curse strikes.  My computer powers off suddenly.  What?  What could have happened?  Just a power surge, just gotta turn it back on and pick up where I left off.No, wait, the power supply completely blew.  Burnt right out.  Dead.  Kaput.  Executed, if you will.  For the first time in my computer owning life, a part of my computer actually kicked the bucket.Now I have to go out in the middle of the Chinese New Year and try to find a PSU.  Yeah, right.  Well, somehow I manage it, so the next day I'm out a hundred bucks and a day of holiday, but I can get back to playing. Alright!I load back into that mission, and ghost it like a boss.  I turn to head for exfiltration, and the game closes suddenly.  Is it the power supply again?  No, it's the Curse.  This time in the form of a forced Windows update.  No warning, no option to delay, just bam, restart.What could have been so important?  A security update for a version of Word I don't even use.Do I dare boot the game a third time?  Do I risk suffering the curse?  Can I afford to?  What might happen next?...literally as I was writing that last sentence my virus checker asked if it could restart the computer.Play the game if you must, dear reader, but beware always...the Gypsy Curse! Also UPlay, which really sucks and added several hours to the set up of the game."
,Recommended,235600,11015902,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Monty B.,"This is the only Splinter Cell I've played on PC - the others I've played on consoles, many years ago.I thoroughly enjoyed this - stealth mechanics work for the most part, gunplay is lovely, graphics are quite nice, levels designed well (Seriously, what is it with Ubisoft and oil facilities? They must love them!) And the storyline isn't all that bad. There are also many weapons with appropriate upgrades alongside several gadgets and customisation features (give me sleeping gas arrows any day). Side missions are fun and long - adding to the storyline of about 10ish hours, maybe 11.There are a few downsides  - there is an FPS mission with an alternate character. Its not bad, just a bit clunky. This has uPlay, but it kept out of my way and never interrupted me.  These are minor downsides - but the game is worth it.And if you refuse to buy it because of uplay, well, you're stupid."
,Recommended,235600,8348994,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SaberBlade,"This game requires uPlay to run. Don't expect to be using your Steam overlay in game or anything like that.I've been playing the Splinter Cell games from the beginning and I have to say, with all the new features they've added to the game, it does make them easier. If you want a real challenge, start with the highest difficulty and enjoy.My biggest gripe with the game is the voice acting. Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy the new voice performers but I did miss Michael Ironside (Fisher) and  Claudia Besso (Grimsdottir). While the new game is the latest in Sam Fisher's adventures, the new voices, latest additions to the game and the smallest of references to the previous games do give Blacklist a sort of reboot feeling.  It's not a bad thing, in fact I enjoyed being rewarded for my different playstyle choices so I could stealth if I wanted to, or kill everything that moved without having people complain about it. It really is a good game, it's a pity it didn't sell that well."
,Recommended,235600,7854502,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,MacTire,AMAZING STEALTH
,Recommended,235600,7513991,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,"Poptart_Cat ""Yogi""",if you like stealth and multiplier that can be kind of cheep sometimes (hehe) get this
,Recommended,235600,11607508,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nacho,cloaker simulator 201311/10 would kick agin.
76561198058371460,Recommended,235600,9413237,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,cATARIina83,"Really enjoyed the game. Specially Campagne, love all the sneaking and the stealth moves. I don't really play multiplayer tasks, bet they'd be nice too I bet. Good story with good graphics, normal difficulty's bearable and not annoying at all."
,Recommended,235600,10595418,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adaben the Papi,Very Fun Just wish you didnt have to be Online to play it.
,Recommended,235600,9178523,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ロスヴァイセ,"I missed the humorous side of Grim in the Single Player Campaign joking about Sam's age although at least appeared a bit funny comments unrelated to that matter in some Grim and Kobin missions. Good stealth game but not as good as Chaos Theory in that aspect. Also the SvsM that I missed since Pandora Tomorrow. Very nice game to play, I recommend it."
76561198031801825,Recommended,235600,13187777,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,anskuJ,"I have loved pretty much all of the splinter cells.conviction was great but too much action in my taste for a splinter cell, and i think it is nice how they have changed it into a bit more sneaky version.buy it and have fun. great co-op- anskuJmessage me for pancake recepie"
,Recommended,235600,23253445,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,GiveThatGuyAManual,"Pros: -good gameplay, legit AI     cons: knockout action is stiff"
,Recommended,235600,9077109,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tre0n,"Find a good co-op buddy and it's Mission f*cking Impossible.Ever tried to hack a computer in the 3.5-second timing window while the two guys in the room are looking away?Now you can.Ever created a 3.5-second timing window for your co-op buddy to hack a computer by flicking off a lightswitch?Now you can.If you're into stealth, co-op and/or tactical, co-ordinated gameplay, this game is worth your time."
,Recommended,235600,9423381,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,AmBi,its very good if you played splinter cell befor you alredy know  just buy it at sale 50 euros is just to much
,Recommended,235600,936937,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,NeverwinterMoon,You can stealth the hell out of this one. Every level is desinged the way that makes ghosting it 100% possible. Forget about Conviction and welcome to the most addictive stealth experience since Deus Ex.
76561198105424671,Recommended,235600,9318079,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Иван из Пскова,pretty nice game with dynamic AI and interesting plot...so good for them!)
76561197985450026,Recommended,235600,9286080,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,QuirkyAI,"So, I am a little torn up about this game. There is some good writing, some great gameplay, and some good graphics, but I have just been playing some of the side missions and dang, this game can be punishing.Now, I do not mean difficult here. It can be. What I mean is that some of the side missions will require complete and total stealth and force you to completely restart if you do not perfectly stealth it. These would be the Grim missions. Look, Ubisoft, mid-game checkpoints ARE GOOD. I like stealth games, but if you are constantly asking me to retrieve 3 objectives and then extract on the other side of the level without a single mid-level checkpoint, that is a recipe for rage, not tense and gleeful stalking. Don't go Super Meat Boy on your checkpoints but at least give us something.Now, I do say this as both a warning and a message to any stealth developer: this game is good but seems to have occasionally missed some good stealth game design points. Overall, I enjoy my time with this game, but its memory is marred by the somewhat crummy side-mission designs. Currently, I have played some of side missions for Kobin (kill x terrorists, y more will show up if you are detected), Charlie (defend position from x waves... no it is not that easy) and Grim (get these 3 objectives and then extract without being spotted, complete mission redo if you are). Grim's missions are punishing, and you will probably rage-quit if you screw up on that last objective (which I have done several times, because PRECISE TIMING IS REQUIRED in some cases). Charlie's missions can be a drag (kill a guy or two, run and hide, wait until everyone calms down, repeat; also it has a checkpoint after each wave), and Kobin's missions can be just as boring if you are trying to stealth them (also no checkpoints here). Thankfully, there is some decent level design, and the campaign missions are pretty tight (complete with checkpoints, thank heaven). I have not played any of the co-op missions yet as I have yet to get my friend over to try them out.For mechanics, I like how the mark-and-execute mechanic is now a set number across all weapons, that you can REMOVE weapon mods and select your own loadout (it is fun to see what you can do with a loud-only setup), and that there is a large amount of weapon and gadget variety. I also like that there are multiple ways to get through a level, and that there are new non-lethal ranged weapons (only 2-3, though, but that's better than hand-to-hand only). Additionally, the ability to carry more gadgets is a huge plus in my books, and the new stealth notification of your lights flaring up in shadow doesn't marr the visuals by doing that black-and-white thing that Conviction did (although it does make me want to scream ""How can you NOT see me!?!"" to every enemy when it comes up).I do feel that the new ""press B to attach to walls"" is a step backward though. I really liked the smoother hold-left-trigger-to-stay-attached-to-walls mechanic from conviction, even if it made gunplay a tad more difficult (but it did make for a smooth stealth system with a decent incentive to not go all gung-ho and stay in cover).In the end, I tenatively recommend this game. Good graphics, good gameplay, and the new voice actor for Sam Fisher is pretty good (although I do miss Michael Ironside's growly quips on getting older from Chaos Theory and his threatening tones from Conviction). However, expect the game getting a lot more rough when it comes to the side missions, which need to learn the difference between punishing and difficult.SIDE NOTE: I am playing this game on ""Realistic"" difficulty only, so I cannot comment on Easy, Normal, or Perfectionist difficulties and their changes."
,Recommended,235600,9308914,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gooby Pls,fun stealth game as always!
,Recommended,235600,9514238,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ksn0va,"Despite having a weak VA that fails to fill the great Michael Ironside's shoes, it succeeds by fusing together all the best bits from the original all the way up to Conviction. Blacklist embodies what made the Splinter Cell franchise the definitive stealth-action experience."
,Recommended,235600,8411908,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Degadus,"If you liked Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, you're bound to like this game!  Much of those gameplay features from the former make their way back into the newest installment of the Splinter Cell franchise.  While it doesn't make sense that Sam Fisher looks and acts like he's in his thirties (when he's actually in his sixties), along with the fact that Michael Ironside doesn't voice the gaming icon this time, the new Fisher makes espionage look bad♥♥♥♥♥Not only is there a campaign to weed through, but endless waves of a terrorist hunt type game-mode that is addictively fun.  Equally as entertaining are the stealth missions that must be accomplished without letting the enemy know that you are there.  Perhaps the most solid experience of this game comes from the multiplayer.  Chaos Theory's legendary Spies vs. Mercs does a comeback in this game.  Offering the ability to be a spy or a mercenary, you are free to choose your play style.  Want to go full-on Rambo on some stealthy saboteurs?  Be a mercenary!  You are equipped with the ultimate firepower and protection.  Feel like sinking a karambit into those lethargic brutes?  Take on the role as a spy!  Sneak your way across the map using the latest stealth technology to dispatch your enemies.This offers a fresh take on competitive multiplayer and will leave you playing for hours on end.  Upgrade your gadgets and character as you rank up to take on the more veteran players.  This upgrading model is also present in the single-player side of the game... allowing you to become a more powerful Sam Fisher.  Something else worth mentioning... there is a cooperative portion of the game that I haven't yet tried.  It plays through some of the same levels as the single-player missions, only you can do it with a friend.  That's cool!The game has plenty of features to keep you occupied for a good while.  I give this game a 9/10... it loses a point for getting rid of Michael Ironside, and making Sam so young to the point that he can scale cliffsides without difficulty.Besides that, you wouldn't be disappointed if you bought this game."
76561198007126126,Recommended,235600,8483913,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Robert,One of the best coop games since Resident Evil 5.
76561197964577350,Recommended,235600,8598914,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pennywise38,good
76561198048191604,Recommended,235600,8583493,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hopasino,"This is one of those games that show you what kind of person your friends really are, and it's fantastic.Story is cool, gameplay is great, has a lot of replay value especially if you're an achievement perfectionist.I definitely recommend this, even if you've never played a Splinter Cell game before."
76561198045373498,Recommended,235600,10791768,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Propagandalf,Someone play with me.
,Recommended,235600,13110615,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Adorm,"Very Intense Game, Very Fun, Etraordinary Story and Large amount of Replayability (With Friends). The Game will keep you interested and the visuals are absolutely fantastic. The Game isn't graphics intensive for the quiality of the graphics, compared to something like Saints Row 4 where it'll lag on high with a GTX 970 and still look like ****. The entire Splinter Cell series has always been very promising. I'd reccomend Blacklist to abnyone looking for a fun time and execellent story."
,Recommended,235600,10737750,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Savedude1,Despite having it delete all my data. I still love this game to death. I'm actually glad it deleted my stuff. The Campain is so fun and addictive. i forgot how easy i had it with all my gear. I strongly reccomend this game to anyone that is a fan of stealth games. although this is also a FPS as well. In SVM you can be a merc which is first person. or you can be a spy which is a 3P. *update* I now have 100 hours on this game
76561198095442636,Recommended,235600,11553691,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,silent_BIRD18,Fun stealth and coop
,Recommended,235600,11559301,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,;;spluR 'new ',atav
,Recommended,235600,9086686,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nεßµlαic,This game is great for those who enjoy stealth. I would highly recommend this game to those who enjoy being sneaky.
,Recommended,235600,8000734,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MiisTaH_GoMeS_x,"super sick! splinter cell conviction was a bad break from the traditional splinter cell games, but i'm super glad that with this one, it brings back that shear stealth aspect"
76561198069894224,Recommended,235600,8054046,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,km_md60,"Well, my first Splinter cell ever. Never play this series before and I have to say that it's a solid, well-made, overly American, and poor-plotted stealth game.Terrorist strike US soil (?) on Guantanamo. The Engineer declared that if the country doesn't pull back her troop from foriegn soil - They will strike again in a form of ""Blacklist"" - American consumption, etc, etc. Sam fisher and his team were called into action and formed the Fourth Echelon to stop the Engineer before the next strike. The plot isn't really well made. Major plot isn't that interesting since all you are going to do is gathering intel on the Engineer and prevent their next strike. Mix it with a bit of personal touch between Sam and his daughter and light comedy here and there. It's just clear that the plot wasn't developer's main interest. It's just overtly American patriotism.Blacklist allows player to play like a trigger-happy soldier (assault), silent killer (panther), or unseen shadow (ghost). I have been playing ghost on realistic for the entire game and I happily reported that stealth section is very well made. Most of the time the game encourage you to explore the map for additional route to avoid guards and other obstacles. Shadow and line of sight are bread and butter of this game but you can be detected if you're not careful or the guard got suspicious and start looking for you.One of the major headache is door. Door in Blacklist has lots three functions - open/bash/peek under. Problem is open and peek use the same button and depend on position of your screen to determine which one will be performed. Also, heavy reliance on ""A"" for everything can be a bit too much. A situation like a door next to a ceiling pipe will trigger three action based on your position - jump to the pipe and hide, open the door, and peek under it. It requires a lot of practice and lots of reload to make sure you're doing the right thing.Upgrade can be purchased on the Paladin in form of weapons and various outfit that increase statistics like stealth, armor, weapon handling. In a way, the game progression system ties to your performane on previous missions since the more stealthy you are, more money you earn. The Paladin itself is like Normandy SR-2 form Mass Effect 2. You can purchase upgrade for it and expand the capability of the plane - better radar on your HUD, more weapons for sell, faster restoration if you got injured. If it has romance option between Sam and Brigg, it would be awesome! (That was a joke.)I have to say that the game deserve 7.5/10. I'm not impressed with the plot but the rest of the game is good."
,Recommended,235600,8929377,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,℣ | Hypo,Stealth♥♥♥♥♥♥♥7.0
,Recommended,235600,7537242,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,FreshmanFox,"Tactical stealth gameplay, fast and fluid striking system, power filled combat and the inclusion of Spies Versus Mercs makes Splinter Cell Blacklist a value pack of four games in one beautiful package that any Splinter Cell fans cannot miss or any newcomers to the series must try."
,Recommended,235600,8309762,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sythr,"Just started playing the campaign in Co-Op and it's awesome. We both had some troubles getting into controls (he uses mouse/keyboard, I'm using XBox360 Gamepad) but after that this game is pure fun.Some Missions must be done non-lethal, other let you do what so want, so you can go full stealth or rampage. The Upgrade system supports your playstyle and let you customize Sam a bit. All in all I give this game 8.5/10 points.(1.5 points down for those beautiful graphics you can't enjoy because a) it's too dark or b) you turned on Nightvision)"
76561198050608755,Recommended,235600,8357985,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,S1DN3Y,"Awesome game, issues with savegames not working and not saving were annoying but otherwise thoroughly enjoyable!"
76561198009934670,Recommended,235600,7350986,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,GrandmasterGoo,Great game!! So far the best Splinter Cell game EVER!!!
,Recommended,235600,28677570,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,prince_pertnear,"Ever since Nintendo came out with metal gear ive been a fan of those type of games not as much as rpg's but right up there but i splinter cell came around and i was alway torn betwwen if fisher was my hero or was solid snake was but splinter cell wins out.  I di believe fisher would kick solid snakes butt.  Blacklist is one of your games you pick up and dont wanna pick down its so action packed and story driven and it seems blacklist is  bringing all the past ""stories"" all together."
,Recommended,235600,3411427,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Meier,"Much more a kin to the older games in the series, Blacklist is thankfully a much better game when compared to SC: Conviction.Its is entirely possible to Ghost your way through the game. You also have the ability to just go balls to the wall guns blazing, but that's not very satisfying nor very challenging.You get a meaty arsenal of weapons and gadgets, for whatever play style you should choose to adapt, you can mix and match as you see fit.The campaign was pretty decent, it won't win any Oscars or anything, but i felt it was very focused and to the point. The antagonist is very menacing and the voice actor gives a really good performance. Which brings me to Sam Fisher, who is no longer voiced by Mr. Ironside, but as much as that pains me, his replacement is doing a very good job. One you get over the hump of Sam having a different voice, you start to tune it out.Co-Op missions are a bit harder than the ones found in the single player campaign, well at least if you do them solo, which i found to be the most fun, I really enjoyed that challenge.Worst part about the game is sometimes the controls are a bit too sticky in the places where you don't want them to be, and way too loose when you don't want them to be.Oh and also why Ubisoft has made a game in 2013 with Unreal Engine 2.5 i will never know, the game looks dated, even with DX11 features and max settings cranked up. Still, it does the job and it doesn't ruin anything. But it would have been nice for it to look like a 2013 game.Any way if you enjoyed any of the other games, you should give it a go. And even if you havent played the others, you can still pick this up and dive right in. It doesn't really require you to have played the others."
76561198181715997,Recommended,235600,20313830,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,chronic hunger,it took me a while to get around to playing this and i wisj i would have played it sooner. awsome game. if you are into more stealthy 3rd person shooters definitly play this! the story is good the stealth system is decent and their is a wide variety of weapons and ways to complete each level.
,Recommended,235600,9221858,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,マジで,Wrecker Fact #17: Guards NEVER look up....or anywhere for that matter.
76561198054808604,Recommended,235600,9072212,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,iggbomb,An amazing play the way you want stealth game for single player. and an addictive original multiplayer that is especially fun with friends
,Recommended,235600,7592656,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Sleeper,Good.
76561197985824786,Recommended,235600,8232841,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CovFeFe,"good game, fun co-op aswell and bit short but its for all games now days"
76561198010606611,Recommended,235600,2657235,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mr. Poolcheck,Multiplayer is really fun.
,Recommended,235600,11300196,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,McJokerr,"Awesome game for stealth entusiasts check out Splinter Cell Blacklist you won't be disappointed sure the story wasn't catchy but the gameplay just delivers an awesome experience making you feel like a badass cut scenes are fine you can pause them or skip them which is a feature that every game should have pause,watch or skip the online is also an awesome experience sure there are some bugs if you have a bad internet connection but the game is fun throught single player and multiplayer my verdic for the game is 10/10 One small issue tho...the game resets its default settings preset (this includes only the visual settings quality but not resolution) the controls remained saved."
,Recommended,235600,13708432,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,That Deceiver Kid,"This review will be detailed, if you would like to see my general thoughts, scroll to the bottom.This review will cover the following:- Singleplayer- Multiplayer- Bugs- CustomizationSo, to kick this off, I'll give you a flashback, back in 2013. Being a huge fan of Splinter Cell Conviction, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. Didn't preorder, because I was cautious, but nonetheless excited. Note this however, I first experieced my first hours of this on console, and bought the Deluxe Edition recently on sale for $10. The Xbox version was fine, no bugs that were game-halting. It was fun. So here we are now for the PC version.Singleplayer: This is probably my favorite part of this game. The campaign missions have a good amount of replayability, whith the whole Ghost, Panther, and Assault deal. The campaign is fairly long and the story is interesting. They got a new voice actor for Sam Fisher, which disheartened me, but is not a major setback because the new one does well with keeping the same brisk, badass, get-to-the-point-or-I-will-kill-you tone we have all come to know and love. Overall, the singleplayer is fantastic.Multiplayer: Alright, any bugs that are in the multiplayer will be explained in the bugs section. The multiplayer for Splinter Cell: Blacklist is quite fun. The Spies VS. Mercs mode returns and it's better than ever. You can't help but feel a pang of fear when you hear the slice of a blade into your buddy behind you and you turn around to see nothing but your friend's dead body, or the satisfaction of sucessfully performing such an attack on the mercs. The mercs are locked in first person, and can't see into the dark as well, but make up for it in sheer muscle and lead. Spies are locked in third person, and can see very well between light settings. Spies can climb onto or into almost anything, and while mercs can do a little themselves, they mostly just hop over shest high walls or drop to the floor below. Coop is also quite satisfying. It's hard to get a feeling quite equal to you and your bud tearing down a fortress all in silence.. or in glorious charges into the breach. That's possible too. Overall, the gameplay is fun and diverse.Bugs: Okay, here's the party pooper. This game, like most Ubisoft games, have crippling connectivity issues. The singleplayer has little to no problems in terms of bugging out, but the multiplayer is a breeding ground for them. First things first, some people can't connect to the servers. Period. Even after this entire time of being out, Poobisoft can't get the issue fixed, or probably even consider it. Secondly, It's damn near impossible to connect to friends. There was a thread on Steam where someone posted a fix they had, but it was long and complicated. Some people were able to use third party programs where they were able to connect, like Hamachi. This same bug applies to coop, so a fat lot of good that does for you. Some people have even reported issues where they have had UPlay register them running two instances of the game and will refuse to launch. Game crippling bugs like this have been unattended to, and some people have even tried to petition for their money back. Also, at least for my friend and I, ALT+TAB puts you into windowed mode every time you do it. I have also had several times where the game will say ""Not Responding"", then work moments later, then pop up again. This is usually during launch.Customization: This is a bright spot for Splinter Cell: Blacklist. The customization features many new weapons, all having many smaller customizations that can be added to them, like match point triggers, or hollow point ammunition. I was very pleased with the customization.Hello to those who want a simple, to-the-point review of Splinter Cell: Blacklist and hello to those who actually read the novel above. Well, down to the point. Splinter Cell: Blacklist is overall a decent game. The singleplayer is a good length with an interesting story, the multiplayer is incredibly buggy, and likely will never be fixed by Poobisoft, so don't expect easy playing and connection to your friends. Bugs are rampant in the multiplayer, but are mainly involving connectivity. Surprised? I'm not. The customization is very refreshing from earlier titles,  and is very well done. My score for Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a 6/10. It's fun, but the bugs are game halting and ruin its experience for me. BUY IT ON SALE. It's not worth the full price."
76561197970549991,Recommended,235600,9165961,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,RedFox,"Definitely the Splinterest Cell. This is by far my favorite game out of the series and I've played all of them since the original. For once, the game largely lets you play the levels you want (with one caveat, there are optional levels where an alarm is instant failure, so you can't go loud on every level). If you want to Ghost through without leaving a trace, that's valid. If you want to kill everything in your path and never be detected, also valid and rewarded. I haven't really tested how the run and gun plays yet, but that mode isn't really for me anyway.Don't let the first mission turn you off (Where you get heard by enemies from 20 feet away while moving crouched). Apparently, you have 0 stealth rating in the first mission, so it feels really hard to sneak up on anyone. That goes away once you move on into the next missions.The game has 11 missions that must be done in order as part of the campaign, but between each of those missions, you can complete any number of side missions that you want, which are every bit as fun if not more fun than the core missions, to me. The side missions I've seen so far take the flavor of 'Kill/knock out everything in the level' or 'plant 3 wiretaps/bugs/etc without setting off any alarms'. In addition to the side missions and campaign missions, there's a healthy number of unlockable upgrades."
,Recommended,235600,18498208,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MING29,"one of my fav games, just great to chill out and be a spy, all out fun."
,Recommended,235600,13866502,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Farkus,"Oh Lord... I bought into another Call Of Fisher game... but now with added first person mode when you play as the mercs or Briggs... However it did manage to bring back the stealth element to the game thanks to some of the lovely new gadgets and short cuts... Or if you just wanna blitz through the game... just like Call Of Fisher: Conviction, Grab that AK and shoot your way through because you're nothing but a filthy casual. I however will try to complete this game full Panther mode.Oh PS. Because i'm sure some of you are like ""But the multi player"" Yes... The multiplayer is good... on one gamemode and that is SvM classic because there's no bull♥♥♥♥♥♥it's spies with a knife and Mercswith an M4 and firstperson view equiped with mines and hand grenades however the spies are fast, they can climb walls, thay have nightvision goggles and EMPs so it's pretty fair all the spies have to do is hack 3 consoles before time runs out and the mercs have to stop them however in the new and improved ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mode SvM blacklist they have... custom loadouts... and unlockables... Again... Making it seem more of call of duty than splinter cell like FFS... the spies can have a loud♥♥♥♥♥assault Rifle and the mercs can get X-Ray Vison turning the game into nothing but a team deathmatch rather than a cat and mouse type of game. anyway my ratings:Graphics: Solid 9/10Gameplay once again 9/10Story: 7/10Multiplayer: I wanna give it an 8 so badly but that other game mode brings it down to a 6/10Overall: 8/10 I will most likely revisit this Call Of Fisher: BlackList"
,Recommended,235600,10670771,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JATF,"Splinter Cell is back to the good ol' days where you can actually choose wich playstyle you will defeat the enemies.Coop is very good also, there are 4 missions that can be only played in coop.But stay away from MP on this game: lot of bugs, game crashes and gameplay is terrible.Mercs feels more OP due to the control scheme."
76561198152995768,Recommended,235600,14932118,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,CNZHprime,"i have downloadand i played  but idont get VSS Sniper Rifle, M1014 Shotgun, 416 Assault Rifle, and F40 Pistol.Three armor accessories: Ghost Boots, Armored Boots, and Tactical Gloves"
76561198108259714,Recommended,235600,9138270,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BIGBENL2,Is a very nice flowing game with new featurs which you happly discover ojn the way. Good menu idea/Amazin co-op/Flowing combat and allround great graphics and mission.Well worth money especialy if one of ur friends have it. GREAT FUN WELL WORTH IT
76561198013393723,Recommended,235600,18720492,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Maj.Merlin,Love this game you have to put thought into your moves and actoins. Make a wrong move and your dead lol lol
76561198064938909,Recommended,235600,18732798,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ka-Leo_303,"Nice Splinter Cell game. The only thing that bother me was the fact the voice of Sam changed, but the new guy does a excelent job and i think the series has a new future ahead."
76561198074274856,Recommended,235600,14331800,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,nickelodeon19,One of the most fun games I have ever played!
,Recommended,235600,8550485,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,5parkyy,"A real return to form for the Splinter Cell series in my opinion.Story was good enough to keep me playing through it. Graphically the game is stunning on PC when you max out the settings. I've yet to play the co-op missions or the multiplayer as I wanted to beat the single player campaign first.All in all I would say if you are on the fence about this game and you are a fan of the series then I would reccomend picking this game up. To me it was a perfect combination of my favourite game in the series, Chaos Theory and the more modern games like Conviction."
,Recommended,235600,9154664,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,M1KRO,I love Tom Clancy's ! very good game :)
,Recommended,235600,11446816,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Lachesis,"really enjoyed this game.as a long time splinter cell fan, this game is really makes me satisfied.graphics are good. not super awesome good, but good.great stealth based game, great story (the ending kinda uhh..), but still great.multiplayer is a lot of fun. hard to find partner though, a server-browser type of multiplayer match search would be great instead of just ""quick play"" type match-making.can't wait to play the next splinter cell game!"
76561198070573641,Recommended,235600,10958222,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Xander,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is a stealth game, or it is when it wants to be. At the begining it is really fun and easy going but as the game progresses more annoyances start to arise. In order to take someone out you can start making noise which will get you kill or you can go quiet. If you go quiet you can sneak up on enemies and either kill them or knock them out. But, when sneaking up on enemies they will hear you unless you do it fast. Until you start seeing heavys that is. They have heavy armour and the only way to kill them quietly is to sneak up on the but they will always hear you so you can't stealth kill them. Another annoying thing is that enemies start to wear helmets so you can't one shot them and are forced to sneak up on them. This is usually fine until in almost every level you will be in the middle of enemies all close to one another. The gameplay as I stated can be very annoying but the stroy is pretty solid and should be played through. Lastley the voice of Sam Fisher is different from a deeper darker voice to a higher (yet still manley) voice. It was annoying at first but you get used to it."
76561198108512484,Recommended,235600,13356528,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,stormati,Superb ... :)
76561198008861062,Recommended,235600,15311570,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,C Swords,"This is a fun game, worth a play."
,Recommended,235600,14414414,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"Movie-quality presentation and immersion combine with frustrating gameplay.This is a game that, for the typical gamer, likely plays out in one of two ways.1) You tried the stealth approach because it seemed like the best idea, and you failed.2) You have given up on the stealth approach and now everyone will die.The good news is that for the most part, Blacklist understands that you will just not get people to stick with stealth when it's this stupidly annoying, so you have 3 paths available to you in many cases.Sometimes, though, just like the ""stealth"" missions in Assassin's creed, you are forced to avoid detection, and those can be nightmarish, controller-throwing, descents in to infuriation.And yet, the whole game is so well done that you can almost forgive it for this.Almost.Most likely though, you will play the game with trepidation, hoping that just shooting everyone is an acceptable path through the mission and push forward to enjoy the storyline before it inevitably decides that it's time for a pure-stealth exercise in repetition and futility.Some will say that this is all a deficiancy in my ability to play the game - maybe so - but games should be quite forgiving to the player that wants to enjoy the story and experience, and well, Blacklist just isn't. If you aren't great at pure stealth, then no difficulty setting will save you.So do I recommend this game? Absolutely! It's fantastic - just, practice all your techniques for controlling stress, and remove breakable items from your general vicinity if you aren't the greatest at sneaking around in a game that isn't forgiving."
,Recommended,235600,10968077,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AniAmals&Mals&Mals&Mals&Mals,"Nice game, but the mission is too less"
,Recommended,235600,13556005,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Enoch Dagor,Excellent game. One of my favorites. Would recommend to a friend. Really puts you in the mindset of a splinter cell - outside of hte government but in place for the good of the government. Multiplayer is a little flaky but the singleplayer campaign is ultimate. I enjoyed the coop missions but I do receive a fair bit of lag in them.Good storyline. Kept me involved and interested for more. Players who are fans of the Thief series will enjoy the stealth mechanics.Bottom line: get this game. End of transmission.
76561198099445249,Recommended,235600,11513453,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Smack Down,I HAVE DOWNLOADED HOMELAND PACK BUT I ITS NOT WORKING AND NO EFFACT TO ANYTHINGNO NEW MAPSNO NOTHINGCOULD YOU PLEASE HELP ME
,Recommended,235600,8445877,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sheepy,My motherboard♥♥♥♥♥♥itself why I was playing this game. it was that good. Sadly I have to replace it though .
,Recommended,235600,10804222,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,): Ǝɯ Ԁ˥ƎH,good
,Recommended,235600,13846110,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,wahhh,Hehe... Sitcky noisemaker....10/10 would bang again.
76561198051762565,Recommended,235600,27093650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joy Division,"1 of my favourite campaign games, highly recommend !"
,Recommended,235600,10267168,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,madsenburg | eclipse-darkrp.com,a true splinter cell game unlike that♥♥♥♥♥♥conviction m8
,Recommended,235600,10838933,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Menthax,"TL;DR #2: Everything is fantastic, just buy it already! If its on a sale, there is even more of a reason to buy it. Best stealth game atm in my opinion and it's just 30 (or less) Euros anyways.TL;DR: Excellent stealth game, more human-like enemies than 99.99% of the other games out there (sometimes a bit blind), three classes which you do not have to specialize in if you do not want to + you can play them all in one mission, you do not select a ""class"", but rather get rewarded with points for what type of kills and actions executed, you do not get screwed over by going Assault (loud) as the enemies are balanced for both loud and stealth, this goes the other way around as well, stealth is just as good as assault and if you get forced to go loud, you can still just sneak away and start doing ghost/predator stuff.Ratings:Voice acting and character models: 9/10Graphics and Environment (if you are really into this, the game has an excellent shadow system and almost every light is breakable): 10/10Enemies: 10/10CO-OP: 9/10 (we should have gotten more of these...)Multiplayer: 8/10Weapon and customization: 10/10----------------------------Game = 10/10This game is without doubt one of the most awesome stealth games you can get at the moment. It seems like no one designs good stealth games anymore, but Blacklist has definitly got it. As pleny of people have mentioned it has three possible playstyles, but it is NECESSARY to mention that you can mix them as well. You do not choose a class and roll with it but you can rather level them all in one mission. You get points based on what you do and the most dominant playstyle will be shown for the mission. There is also a little bonus (""gold medal"") if you manage to stick mostly or completely to one playstyle. Your equipment contains a tooltip of what the creators recommend them to be used for (for example smoke is tagged as Ghost, Flashbangs are tagged as Panther and Grenades as Assault), still, you can use flashbangs while going ghost. Anyways, the game has:- Ghost, where you do stealth the old fashioned way. Do not get spotted and do not kill. YOU CAN STILL USE NON_LETHAL! Meaning you do not have to dodge every enemy if you so feel like it.- Panther, where you do stealth and you kill at the same time. You kill everyone, but also remember to hide both yourself and dead enemies in the shadows. You enjoy the use of guns and stealth at the same time. As long as you are not detected you will get panther points when using lethal takedowns. (this is the playstyle i enjoy the most, but ghost is also really fun for me).-Assault, for those who just like to go rambo on everything that moves. You basicly just stock up on grenades, explosive equipment and shotguns/assault rifles with attachments like sights, extended mags, modified barrels to increase damage and so on.I myself recommend to play every style to see which one suits yourself best.Enemies in this game are balanced and the only unit i find a little ridicilous is a guy that sends out RC-cars. When several of them come onto the map and there are fifty RC-cars that try to blow you up, it feels a little tiring (good thing they can't climb walls like you can!) If i recall correctly you will only meet many of these RC-guys on the Special missions (optional CO-OP missions) anyways, making them ok to deal with.  I would like to add that these are not the typical enemies of games today, as they are a bit smarter. They will try to flank you if you stay in one spot. This also goes for stealth, since if they see you while you move from one spot to another (if you give them enough time to spot you), they will come look for you and search the surrounding area. Also they are not enemies who can radio contact their friends just by looking at you, so if you get spottet you still have some time to react before they call up reinforcements/warn their buddies.As for the game in general it handles all the classes perfectly. If you love to go assault, it will not screw you over by making it insanely hard. This also goes the other way around. If they ""force"" you to go loud/assault on a mission, you can still just escape and run behind enemy lines, while using the shadows.I love it and as others mention, uplay messes up your playtime with some games, and i do have over 100 hours in the game.If its on a sale, there is even more of a reason to buy it. Best stealth game atm in my opinion and it's just 30 Euros anyways."
76561197989968007,Recommended,235600,26296187,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Perdiccas,"In short, Blacklist is a solid, enjoyable stealth title that nails the basics and has enough features to justify its price tag.Fans who were unimpressed by Conviction might see this as more of a return to an older style of Splinter Cell. Sure, it has the fluidity of Conviction (and the maligned 'mark and execute' training wheels), but gives more freedom of engagement. In many ways, I feel that Blacklist attempts to cater to all tastes, because you now can choose to play missions loud with all guns blazing ('assault'), strike from the shadows ('panther') or slip past enemies like a ghost ('ghost') ... or some messy combination of the three.Sure, some maps force stealth, and you'll certainly want to pack heavy armour if you intend to keep it noisy; but, crucially, it offers a little something for everyone. Purists might be frustrated by this as dumbing down, but the highest points are still awarded for 'ghost'. I imagine that the game is trying to jettison the brittle nature of some stealth games where a single alert is enough to fail the entire mission.If you want pure stealth, then you are free to play the game in that fashion. However, I will say that this game lacked challenge. The level design is almost too helpful, with a multitude of helpful vents and ledges, strategically placed to avoid encounters.The gameplay is very solid and improves from Conviction. The easy switch between styles and quality level design make it a fluid and enjoyable experience. Attempting to master different styles adds replay value, and there's a great quantity of side missions that can be done cooperatively which is always amusing.My gripes centre on the game being too easy, a rather tenuous multiplayer (see below) and a slight lack of imagination. The story is passable, but the missions are too diverse. Although this makes them interesting as standalones, the whole narrative doesn't fit together so well. I didn't feel as engrossed as Conviction.The multiplayer is an interesting one. It styles itself as an asymmetrical multiplayer pitting mobile, gadget wielding spies against armoured mercs. It's a rough attempt to bring the stealth action into a multiplayer format. Whilst it sounds interesting on paper, I wasn't convinced, and I imagine that it's probably dead now anyway. Nonetheless, the single player is certainly enough to get your money's worth.To sum up, Blacklist is fun and enjoyable to play. It's accessible to all, but stealth purists might find it too easy. The multiplayer is unnecessary, but there is plenty of fun coop action and a reasonable amount of replay value. Overall, I think it does plenty to justify its price and is worth playing for fans of the series (or similar games like Hitman) or those looking for something different."
,Recommended,235600,17592497,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Sushi,"I bought this game mainly for the online play and its really great, if you can find a match."
76561198068216693,Recommended,235600,10785455,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,☭GoGoDani☭,Great game and fun campaign (even though the replaced Fisher's voice actor but you get over that pretty fast). I have it on the xbox and I played the MP on there but on the PC it's like I DICONNECTED FROM THE FREAKING INTERNET! I'M STARTING TO THINK ABOUT PAYING PEOPLE TO START PLAYING IT BECAUSE IT'S SO BARREN! Of course that would be a waste of money but the MP is fun... people should start playing it more.
,Recommended,235600,20444336,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Horis™ SKIN.TRADE,I like this game a lot! I think it's my favorite because you can choose to be stealthy or not and you can finish the mission without killing anyone!
76561198078902892,Recommended,235600,10652035,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Toxication,"After about 100h gameplay on my friend's pc, I finally decided to buy myself a own copy of this. Blacklist is one of the best infiltration games currently in the market (another one is Hitman). As a hardcore speedrun player, I fully understand how much effort Ubi have put on this game. Here are the points.1) Outstanding characters' motion capture --- Blacklist's characters motions are very natural and smooth.2) Enjoyable single player experience --- good plot, good stage settings and truly exciting infiltration experience.3) lore-friendly gameplay --- my 640m laptop can run this game smoothly.4) Good gaming mechanics adjustments --- In Conviction, the gameplay style is rather combative. Now Blacklist is encouraging players to have a infiltration-focus style for the highest point, which makes it a real infiltration game.Yet this game is not perfect. These are the things I don't like in this game1) Character control is imprecise and uncomfortable --- I always got wrong inputs and wrong actions because of this.2) Enemies' AI is strange --- sometime they will start searching you not knowing why3) Mult-player is disappointing because of the presence of cheaters, plus you can't kick them or quit a game. Most of the time, you will be either playing with noob teammates or dealing with god-like opponents.4) Armored enemies in single player is so overpowered.Overall, I highly suggest anyone to buy this game. It is outstanding by many means. Ubi has earned a bad reputation on ALWAYS releasing lore-unfriendly, buggy and unfinished games. But this one is not. It worths 3 years of waiting. I am very satisfied. And you will be.9/10"
,Recommended,235600,32960658,Posted: 28 June,all,AveryKindGuy™,"Great game, deacent splinter cell game, short af (atleast not as short as conviction), very easy."
76561198030745498,Not Recommended,235600,9320067,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Remus,"I just bought this game on sale a week or two ago. I'm a big fan of the Splinter Cell franchise so I'm a little biased. I really love how the game lets your choose the path you want to take. Go ghost and be undetected without disturbing enemies, silent and deadly or just all out run and gun. I like the variety. Game has plenty of content. Had almost 10 hours of gameplay before even starting the second mission. Plenty of side missions that help build up skill and money. However, the game has a fatal flaw. I'm no tech expert by any means so I'm not sure exactly how it happens but the game will delete your progress. That's right, it will randomly and without warning delete your hours of work. This is a known issue and has been happening since the games release in August of 2013 and I just bought this game a week or two ago so obviously Ubisoft has no interest in fixing the problem since its been over 6 months since the games release. There are work arounds but I can't get them to work for me. Truely depressing since it is a really great game. If your tech savy buy the game if you like the Splinter Cell franchise. If your not, don't even bother tell its fixed and there is no sign Ubisoft even cares about this problem."
,Recommended,235600,13932599,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Spicy Water,I think the start button had really made a change for the future in this game -IGN
76561197999860131,Recommended,235600,10836108,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,tokens,"Pros:- Blacklist features a happy medium between the stealthy gameplay of the early franchise and the more action-oriented SC: Conviction.  You can once again hide your victims (though it often seems unncessary as patrols are much shorter); but you can also make use of the execute feature from Conviction.  Loadouts are highly customizable (suits that emphasize armor vs. stealth, full-on assualt rifles vs. silenced weaponry, etc.), allowing the player to optimize their kit for their preferred playstyle.- Co-op is fairly extensive; if you prefer a slower, yet stealthy playstyle you might be able to get 20-30 hrs. from it.- In-game currency (used to buy gear and upgrades) is relatively easy to come by, so there isn't too much of a grind.Cons:- Requires Uplay.- Blacklist doesn't feature a real menu from which you can select gamemodes, options, etc. from; instead, you find yourself in a spy operations plane of some sort with different ""stations"" corresponding to functions you would expect from a main menu.  This is probably meant to make things more immersive, but it's really just cumbersome.I would recommend picking Blaclist up if you're a fan of the franchise (or giving it a second chance if you were let down by Conviction), especially if you intend to play co-op."
,Recommended,235600,11042960,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,SharkWoo,"I think this is the BEST Splinter Cell game. Including graphic, sound and story.I can run this game smoothly with my old laptop with beautiful graphic, UBISOFT finally make something that everyone can enjoy.UPLAY is annoying, and it bothers me that I bought this game on Steam but I still had to install UPLAY... I really hate this. And that's the reason why I won't buy another UBI game on Steam again."
,Recommended,235600,9802325,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,So You Wanna Make A Contract?,"Great game, has a short campain though. Still has addicting multiplayer and co-op"
,Recommended,235600,26392226,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,dannyhefc69,"Just picked this up on sale, got to say its a very good stealth game. Perfect for when you just wanna chill and take your time to kill some bad guys"
76561198068292464,Recommended,235600,6530645,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Кот Базилио,ACIII+Splinter Cell Conviction :) very nice coop and multiplayer!
,Recommended,235600,2619077,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,ShinLow,Singleplayer is Awesome.Co-op is hard.Competitive Multiplayer is addicting.
76561198000710280,Recommended,235600,9129788,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MonkeyHarris,"I like the way the plot draws from real world themes to tell a thrilling story rather than using the standard trope of rogue Russia or America turning on itself cliches.   Game design is varied and feels far less ""stale"" than Conviction.  Although when Blacklist moves away from the SC template and borrows from COD and Mass Effect its far less satisfactory.   Solid Triple A but could and should have been a lot more."
76561198066051625,Recommended,235600,9025191,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Christian,This game has Tom Clancy in it.
76561198055269636,Recommended,235600,17438653,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ron,"- At beginning the game was randomly crashing, i had to manually modify a setting in the config.ini to 100% solve it- i'm not a fan of multiplayer and coop and i believe a game like Splinter Cell doesn't need it, but we live in the modern age where new generations pretend the multiplayer in every game, even Pac-Man if was just released today so we have to deal with it. So, while the normal coop in ONLY-COOP missions (the ones with Briggs) could be considered a decent, nice experience (you're a lucky guy if you've a friend to play with these) when you meet a mate with some patience (but there is always the factor that when, in next years noone will ever more play Blacklist you'll be unable to play/complete these missions alone, that are very nice indeed) the Splies vs Mercenaries multiplayer is a very bad, sad and frustrating experience for many reasons, one of the main is because you can't use the normal campaign weapons (at least at beginning but i guess also later) another one is because if you enter in a 2 vs 2 and your mate leaves the game continue and you find yourself into a game alone vs 2 players and there is no option to leave it till the whole thing ends, but in short words, is garbage.+ Focusing in the normal game-Campaign-sub missions you can complete in single player, i had a lot of fun playing this game, could be very hard sometime even at lower difficult, but i loved the challenge and managed to survive ^^.My favorite weapon in all Splinter Cell games ( and not only) always has been the Sniper Gun, and once upgraded, you will have one of the best Splinter Cell sniper guns ever here, is just that i wanted to perform different styles of kills otherwise i was motivated to kill everyone with just that weapon :-)In conclusion, i can say this is probably one of the best Splinter Cell games ever released (my all time favorite, for how seems strange, remains the very first one) i recommend it to anyone !My Final Score is95/100"
,Recommended,235600,8003488,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,gomu,best game eu
,Recommended,235600,8290820,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cat Nose Presser,"brilliant stealth game franchise, awesome mix of stealth and action in the Single Player campaign though with a rather generic storyline. I've not reached the best part yet. Beyond single player lies the underrated, Spies VS Mercs multiplayer segment which pits a team of spies, played in third person perspective, against heavily armored mercs, played in first person mode a la CoD. There are several modes in SvM to choose from, ranging from classic to my recommended and favorite Blacklist mode.Though my complaints in MP come from regular lag issues due to the obvious absence of dedicated servers and several glitches and buggy moments, if you look beyond these flaws, this is a seriously unique and very, very fun experience, especially when playing in the same party as your friends. If you get sick of SvM, there is an alternative co-op mode which allows you to take on 4E missions as well as the DLC missions which are also a great deal of fun.All in all, i'd give Splinter Cell Blacklist a solid 9 out of 10. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to action game junkies or even FPS fans for those who want a solid and rewarding multiplayer experience. To my fellow countrymen, Singaporeans, for once, dump DOTA 2 or LoL and at least give this game a try. Plus this game is always on freaking sale most of the time. It's calling out to you."
76561198065306196,Recommended,235600,8299914,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Oliver,amazing game
,Recommended,235600,8929835,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Hellion,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is one of the better entries in the long lived spy-saga. It offers great gameplay choices and sneaking is heavily rewarded. On top of that the multiplayer is also confidently crafted. The one thing lacking is the banal story with flat characterization that hinders Splinter Cell Blacklist from reaching any narrative high points. Even though it lacks the subdued intelligence of Chaos Theory, there's still some cracking good sneaking to be had. If you liked any of the previous splinter cells you will enjoy this game, the voice change takes some getting used to but its a splinter cell with the stealth element back!"
,Recommended,235600,8983311,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,snoop,"Splinter cell is the perfect game for any stealth lover like myself. it combines awesome gadgets, takedowns, weapons, and overall gameplay, must buy if you love stealth gameplay"
76561198046349725,Recommended,235600,8929418,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Swirly,roy get this game
76561198079646542,Recommended,235600,8958217,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,๖ۣۜMejikel ๖ۣۜShabootie,Awesome
,Recommended,235600,8525175,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KebabMaster61,"SC: Conviction was the first Splinter Cell title I've tried on the X360, and it's one of the few games I still own on that console. With that in mind, it was only a matter of time before I'd purchase SC: Blacklist, and reviewing the past month, it's the game I've played most ever since the winter holiday sale started. And I've bought about 40 games.If you like the Borne trilogy movies, the Homeland series, or the Metal Gear games, then you must have SC: Blacklist in your collection as well. The storyline is not that different (prevent a group of terrorists in their attacks on US soil; this is the only spoiler I'll give you), but still tense enough to make you want to finish the game in one sitting. Which you probably can't, because you (as the gamer) need water, food, sleep and something like work or education, so don't even try to finish it with an all-nighter.For me, the addictive part that will make me play it today and tomorrow comes from many factors. First, upgrades. You can upgrade pretty much everything. Your outfit (which affects armor, stealth, # mag clips, etc.), your weapons (range, accuracy, silenced, etc.), your gadgets (e.g. sonar vision, tri-rotor, smoke bombs), and even your headquarters (infirmary, workplace, etc.). Second, combat. You can choose to finish the game in three styles; ghost (leave no trace), panther (stealth kills) or assault (head-on Rambo-style), and I've noticed myself trying to get more ghost-points with each passing mission. Instead of taking out the enemy sniper from distance, why not try to knock him out non-lethally from behind? Third, missions. You can follow the storyline, do side-missions, fulfill the daily online challenge or choose to do the online spies vs mercs. Side-missions you can do co-op (online) as well as solo, and upon completion they'll give you cash rewards and equipment unlockables. Fourth, controls. They're again very intuitive, whether you want to peek under a door, open the door, or bash through it. I think that many hardcore gamers would curse their keyboard or controller for on-screen actions that weren't meant to happen. I must admit that I sometimes get enraged, but then realize it was my mistake to take on three heavy guards with a side-arm. (By the way, I use a xbox controller, I don't know how it goes with mouse&keyboard). Fifth, the storyline and characters. Every chapter follows a debrief, the mission itself, and a recap that serves as an introduction for the next mission, with plenty of character interaction and all the military lingo that makes the game all the more immersive. In between these missions, when you're in HQ, you can talk with your crew and call your daughter.I wouldn't possibly know if there'll be a next Splinter Cell and how they'll seek to further improve it. But I'll be one of the first to buy it and I wouldn't need a discount either. In a word; recommended."
76561197997199190,Recommended,235600,9249121,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,N'wah,Get this goddam game so I can do the goddam co-op
76561198007780502,Recommended,235600,8433939,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Bear Jew,Buy the damn game.
,Recommended,235600,9013394,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,briggen96,"Splinter Cell has come a long way as a series. I wasn't a huge fan of conviction but blacklist in a way revives the beautiful stealth action Splinter Cell was known for. If that's not your thing, you'll probably enjoy slitting every throat you come across. The close quarters attacks are some of the best I've seen in any game, definitely the most predatorial and awesome (I say that having played Assassin's Creed.) Multiplayers isn't bad either, it brings back Chaos Theory style, nimble spies vs well armed mercs. Pretty well rounded as well. All in all a good title, certainly shouldn't pass it up if you're a fan of Uncle Sam."
76561198046195526,Recommended,235600,14575390,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Chaos | tipofthehats.org,"If i have ever tried a stealth game, then this one is the ideale with gadges and accesories that only James Bond could dream of."
,Recommended,235600,13720495,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[MANX] majorpar,"Great game!Even though the single player is an amazing game to play, keeping a low profile and using all your gaming tactics to overcome the enemy. It wasnt the real reason I bought this game.I just wanted a game for me and a mate to be able to log in without any issue and team up to preform tactical missions.And Splinter Cell does just that.Highly recommended, to all those who love Stealth Co-Ops."
,Recommended,235600,19939027,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,b1tmaster0,Very Good Game You Can Do A Lot Of Things And The Developers Make Updates Too.I Recomment It.
,Recommended,235600,13721338,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,dcommando,"Excellent game, wonderful stealthing, takedowns, storyline."
76561197986231675,Recommended,235600,13731736,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chungston,such a sweet game
76561198094806492,Not Recommended,235600,15395959,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Taunty,"lots of missing texures when i play, its unplayable, my system has no problem with the requirements, but i tried everything to get it to work, neither Valve or Ubisoft were helpful when i wanted a refund"
,Recommended,235600,22381400,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Solid_Esh,"Blacklist is a great improvement after Conviction,& love Ubisofts co-op games!!"
,Recommended,235600,31878624,Posted: 21 May,all,GoldenLiquid,"Overall a quite funny game, but bad Ubisoft connectivity as f**k for Multiplayer. The time you feel lucky that one of a dozen ways to fix the connection bugs works, you get thrown out of lobby or other stuff that makes the multiplayer lobbies difficult to withstand."
76561198026434128,Recommended,235600,11098559,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,DopeInder,"Easily one of the best stealth games I've played. Graphics are excellent , amosphere is good , gameplay mechanics are good and the story wont bore easily. Definitely recommended. Get it if you can!Graphics : 10/10Atmosphere : 9/10Game mechanics : 9/10Story : 8/10"
,Recommended,235600,23320745,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"It\'s a very good game actually, the game system is improved since Conviction and very good adapted to the scenarios.GOOD POINTS:-IMPROVED GAMEPLAY SYSTEM-ACCEPTABLE STORY MODE: Decisions that affects the story timeline and different paths to choose, so it\'s not so linear.-NICE ONLINE MODE: Pretty nice game-modes,-GOOD CUSTUMOMIZATION (WEAPONS, SUITS, GADGETS, VISION GOOGLES)The game is not crashing at any moment and the frame rate is acceptable it\'s pretty stableBAD POINTS-BUGS DETECTED: Few visual bugs, but they\'re very notable on some scenarios, also there is one co-oop mission which you cannot quit if you don\'t finish the game by force.-ONLINE GAME: Very bad matchmaking and sometimes the teams are unbalancedCONCLUSION; It\'s worth it for the price that I paid, (100 MXN) and I bought the Deluxe Edition, so I think that if you buy it with disccount it won\'t dissapoint you"
,Recommended,235600,9164060,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TSMAC,"Overall I've really enjoyed this game. Great story as well as co-op and multiplayer. Although nothing compares to the Chaos theory multiplayer, this spy v merc was actually decent. Do know that some days you will not be able to find games other than against a group of 4 that play together all the time. Too often teams are uneven in this game, but you get used to it. Other than that, the only thing that bothered me was the new voice of same fisher. It just didn't feel the same. This is my favorite video game series and little changes like that can really bother someone who is really into the franchise."
,Recommended,235600,10764382,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Final Contra,"Playing through on the perfectionist difficulty makes this one of the best stealth games out there. On this difficulty, getting spotted will fail the mission. If you're not so great at sneaking around, you'll still enjoy the less masochistic difficulties. Sneaking around will still be encouraged but the game will let you shoot your way out of those less graceful moments."
76561198017040995,Not Recommended,235600,26363370,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Daruud,"Sam Fisher's voice actor, face mocap actor and movement actor was replaced by one much younger actor, and Sam Fisher's character got a few dents, in my opinion.The direction the game took is more action centered than stealth. And strayed a bit from the originals, don't get me wrong, The game is still good enough and proves entertaining and even exciting at times.But I am more traditional when it comes to replacing actors for roles both in games movies and tv shows.MGS Phantom Pain did the transition well from David Hayter to Kiefer Sutherland, unfortunately my other favourite stealth game Splinter Cell did not."
,Not Recommended,235600,26365408,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,James Carter,"Pros:Good stealth gameSome mission stealth is an ""option""Be a spy with sonar wallhack gogglesGood story lineCons:Aiming can be laggyWeapons of choice is rather limited since the strong weapons are not from the black market.Uneven framerate at timesSome suit require special objective to be done to unlock for purchase and some is NEARLY impossible to unlock. (Keep reading and you will know why)Story line is kinna short if you just focus on the main missionsThe worst of all... CO-OP DOES NOT WORK! Some side mission require co-op and some items need you to finish the mission that REQUIRE CO-OP to finish it!Conclusion.The story is good, but rather short. Will only recommend to buy this on a steam sale. Not worth the full price.4/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,26355057,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jimmy,"Its basically the baby of Chaos Theory and Conviction. Now if that's a good or bad thing is up to you.EDIT: now ok I gave this a thumbs up when I bought it...Until problems started popping up, like sayWhen playing offline with uplay and steam or if you have no internet connection it crashes below the 1 hour mark. Now Im pretty sure its not my PC since I played this game back in a crappier laptop of my friends who Pirated the game and was the reason I bought this game in the first place and funnily enough the pirated version runs better and doesn't crash at all. Just shows how pirates care more for their customers than Ubisoft does for theirs"
,Recommended,235600,9495217,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sriracha,"I love this game, not addicted to it but it just gives another atmosphere on games that I usually play (e.g. dota 2)I think this game was underrated and probably the most ignored game i don't know why but it's really good.Love that you can do upgrades on your base, choose your missions with friend or tackle it solo.either way this is a must have.this game is usually on sale I would recommend getting it at a lower price than paying it in full. :D"
,Recommended,235600,8939047,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,4cylinder,"It's no Chaos Theory. But it's much closer to the series' roots than Conviction ever was. Darkness is back (shooting out lights protects your stealth), you have the capability to finish most missions without ever firing a shot (or even engaging anyone besides mission targets), and the weapons 4th Echelon gives you are all suppressed. You CAN pick up unsuppressed weapons, but if you want to preserve the true SC experience, don't do it!There are linear sequences that feel way too much like Assassin's Creed, and the FPS sequences where you play as Briggs are definitely the low point. Difficulty is on the easy side (too much like AC again), with ""death from above"" kills and 100% predictable AI (they always spawn in the same spots).I did like the ""Mass Effect"" style inter-mission parts where you roam the plane, chat with your team, and upgrade your gear.Co-op missions (most of which can be played solo, but you can't access certain routes that way) are like Modern Warfare's coop or Halo's spartan assault, except with stealth and alarms. They are pretty fun and lack none of the lame parts seen in the solo campaign.Overall, I recommend picking this game up on sale. The E3 video previews made this look like a lame action game, but you're given the option (and encouraged to) play super stealthily. Can't say I wouldn't prefer a more Chaos Theory kind of game though!"
,Not Recommended,235600,8471700,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,E-A_B,Multiplayer: Who can mash the melee button faster. (One side is favored)
76561198241975652,Recommended,235600,26461085,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Standin.Kaneki,good game
,Recommended,235600,9812536,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,CharlieLima79,"Without a doubt, 'Blacklist' is the best looking 'Splinter Cell' game to date. As a fan of the series' stealth gameplay in the first three games, I am quite pleased with its return in 'Blacklist'. The game plays like 'Chaos Theory', but with a dash of the quick action featured in 'Convction'. Still, as much as I like the Mark & Execute feature, I rarely used it in my playing. The game is best enjoyed if you play it in Ghost (stealth + non-lethal) or Panther (stealth + lethal) style.The story in 'Blacklist' is your standard 'Splinter Cell' fare. It's formulaic, but enough to move the action along, and it seems to be the beginning of a bigger story arc. What really captured my attention in the game were Grim and Korbin's side missions -- because they remind me of what I love most about 'Chaos Theory' -- and the Gone Dark Intel Metagame. The latter plays like a modern version of 'Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?' and it's a welcomed distraction.The monetary system, in which you HAVE to earn money to upgrade weapons and gadgets, is superfluous. (Is the U.S. government in the game so cash-strapped that I have to buy my equipment in small increments?!) Sad to say, Eric Johnson, who took over for Michael Ironside for the role of Sam Fisher, failed to impress me. His voice acting was uneven and lacked the gravitas that Ironside's had. Johnson sounded like he was just imitating Ironside in one moment, and like a young man in the next. Johnson's voice work was disappointing.Overall, 'Blacklist' is a worthy follow-up to 'Chaos Theory', a welcomed return-to-form after polarizing thematic departures in 'Double Agent' and 'Conviction'. and frankly what feels like a soft reboot to the franchise. Despite one or two (maybe three) glaring flaws that are hard to ignore, there are enough good points to 'Blacklist' that make it worth your time."
,Recommended,235600,14893937,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Grey The Sinner,"Aboslutely fun, one of the more fun games I have played in a while. Difficulty increase makes you feel the change and you only progress when you're ready. Non-pressure game at times and nerve racking at others.8.5/10"
,Recommended,235600,8990100,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Knife0ut,“Blacklist gets stealth right.”9.2 / 10 –IGN.com“Fisher is King”5 / 5 –Joystiq.com“Blacklist serves as an anthology of all of Splinter Cell's best ideas.”8.5 / 10 – Polygon
,Recommended,235600,9232604,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ravenox,"Just bought the game, and played not longer than 1 hour. Below are the true reviews!Pro:1. Good graphics2. The weapons, armor upgrades etc are something to look forward to and interesting.3. Gameplay so far (30 mins) are good!Con:1. Can only play for 23 mins before the game crashes. Game will crash precisely on 23 mins for me. Searched the forum, some will crashed at 25 mins, some 50 mins. But the timing is precise, only different timing for different users. And no, my PC spec is way higher to support this game.2. User cannot save the game manually, all depends on auto-save. Meaning if you get caught in a stealth mission, most of the time you need to go ALL the way back to the front and re-play everything again! And since there's no manual saves, I need to complete every mission within 23 mins (before it crashes), if not, I'll have to re-play the mission from the beginning.3. Cannot go online. Meaning cannot redeem those ULC that I've paid.4. Since cannot go online, meaning cannot join multiplayer game.Still waiting for Ubisoft to fix my problem. Until they're fixed, especially for crashes, I'll not recommend this game for everyone.Update on 10 March 2014:The only fix for the above mentioned problem is to reformat the HDD, and re-install a clean windows. Everything works fine after that.Now onto the real gameplay, co-op mission is definitely fun. And I'm actually enjoy myself. Kudos for a good game from Ubisoft. Only drawback is.. well.. re-install windows is kinda tedious just to play the game don't you think?"
,Not Recommended,235600,15236679,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"It's okay. It wasn't as exciting as I thought. The campaign leaves an open-ended scenario where the Engineers (the antagonists) are still operating throughout the world and 4th Echelon's mission is to find and stop all the 12 nations who are funding the Engineers.Overall, it feels like they copied the Splinter Cell brand but delivered another game instead. Like a sequel meant to milk money from the fans by dumbing down the technology in-game, so they have less to deliver.COULD NOT PLAY ONLINE. NEGATIVE.PROS1. Mission Objective MarkerVery useful. At least you know where you are going.2. ExecuteNot bad. I like the way Executes are carried out. Instant headshots for up to 3 enemies within range. It even works on enemies standing behind you. Doesn't work on those with helmets though.3. KnockoutsI like how stealth KOs drag the terrorist towards your position, so you automatically hide the body. Very realistic.4. Stun Gun/CrossbowInstant KO without the mess of a corpse. I like.5. DogsThis is pretty good. They sniff you out if you are within range and add a new element to the game.6. MixesGrimms First Person perspective mission looked pretty good. Controlling the Paladin's rockets and cannons and aerial sniping  were fun too.7. Tri-copterNot bad. Fun to play with. Replaces the old stick camera. Allows you to see everything with a birds-eye-view in many maps and helps you to get rid of terrorists. Really silly to restrict the mission boundaries though.CONS1. StoryWas okay. It was not exciting. No climax or an interesting development.2. LockpickingRemoved lockpicking from the Splinter Cell. With all the ""best"" weapons/technology in the world, you can't lockpick a door.3. WeaponsI find the purchasing of normal weapons with earned credits extremely silly. You are a top-tier government spy agency and you have to function like a mercenary group?4. TechnologyA step backwards from Splinter Cell : Chaos Theory. You used to be able to listen in on conversations and hack computers from a distance. Now you have to manually walk up to them and press buttons. Your pistol used to be way more advanced too.5. InterrogationThey removed that too. Now holding a terrorist hostage is only for bullet shield purposes.6. EMPThey took the EMP pistol away and used EMP grenades, which have to be purchased.7. Sonar / Night VisionUsed to have thermal imaging to find guards. Now you have Sonar which only works if it pings and there isn't a drone controller blocking. Somehow, even Night Vision is messed up by a drone controller, who can influence the infra-red spectrum of light.8. Last Known PositionIt is extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to see the AI shoot a white after-image of yourself.9. Aiming/ScopeAbsolutely horrible. 4 lines that don't even intersect. This is lazy.10. Aerial KOsWhy do all the aerial KOs have to stomp on the guy below? What happened to neck twisting?11. Stealth MovementsClunky. You can't stealth move smoothly around a crate. If you press Q and stick to the wall, you can't round the corner unless you move the camera and press the Spacebar. While I appreciate hugging the sides, it is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to see that a box is the only thing preventing a terrorist who is standing up from noticing you.12. Weapon Caches / Dead DropsWhat the hell? Who placed the weapon caches under electrical circuits? Dead drops on the edge on wall on the 3rd-storey? It's almost a random drop design. Not to mention that terrorists seem to have all the equipment that 4th Echelon has as well.13. Wall ClimbingLots of wall climbing. Up and down and left and right. So much wall climbing, I thought it was the Prince of Persia and I would need to wall-run.14. LightsEverywhere. No EMP pistol, you have to shoot them or play run-and-slide with the terrorists.15. RailroadingYou either take the hard way or the easy way. Through the front door or the back door. Not much of an open-word concept here. No free exploring since part of the maps have invisible walls.NEUTRAL1. ZiplineI do not understand why you would put a zipline that does nothing cool. It only brings you from the top to the bottom."
,Recommended,235600,11566924,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,101,"It's not Chaos Theory, but it's the next best thing considering modern Splinter Cell games.  A welcome return to style, even with some elements from the few previous games that work quite well.  I'd recommend this game for sure."
,Recommended,235600,26336893,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pirangunter21,"Pros:Great Stealth GameThe Ai is more smarterSam fisher is backYou can do Optional MissionCons:Horrible 1st person controllerhit the target headshot but still alive(not the helmet dude)Summary:to be honest i actually love and hate this game because of 1st person controller is bad, hitreg not killing enemy. But the funny thing is when i played the 2nd mission, my character died in the extraction point but suddenly he's revived in the cutscenes and after the cutscenes he's ded again(10/10 sam has 2 lives)"
76561198037745413,Recommended,235600,26394153,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Agt. Lucy Ashworth,"You are a panther.+++PROS+++The StoryI liked that Splinter Cell had a very grounded protagonist; I thought Sam Fisher's emotional role as a father made his story uniquely about him over all the grand political schemes of other stealth games. The story in this game has returned to a simple Terrorist vs America fight, but it is very well done.This story is well done for several reasons. We learn to love the team because through plenty of cinematics and dialogue with great direction. They also affect our gameplay; not directly while we're in the field, but we buy upgrades from them. Thanks Charlie!The enemy is very well done. Cutscenes show us how smart and dangerous they are; we see how the team, the president, and the news reacts to them. We see them in action, operating and executing. The brutality is kept to a necessary minimum; it does not try to shock us with how bad they are with violence and gore; it presents, through the reactions of the world, the significance of their attacks. In addition, the enemy is given a face, the leader. This leader is as well made as the rest of the characters, and, like a good antagonist, attacks the team and gets in very close. We meet this enemy early on, and are fighting them throughout. I think another reason this game's story worked so well was because there was emphasis on the enemy being the whole organization, not just one man. That way, I'm fighting the enemy throughout, not just fighting fodder to get to one man.The twists and turns of the chase provide a thrilling hunt, and joining the team in the close up shots around the SMI table make you feel like you're part of the team. You follow lead on lead in a game of chess against the enemy, trying to figure out how to catch this elusive enemy; it's not a situation of let's investigate, never encountering the enemy until we have proof to take them down at the end.I would have liked a new character, as Sam Fisher is getting a bit old. I think the game tries to squeeze in a few years by giving a younger sounding voice actor. I miss the stone edge of Ironside, but this new voice is still gruff enough, though not with the same extreme of Ironside. The voice acting is still wonderful though, subtly threatening and suitably expressive.GameplayA lot of stealth games try to allow for varying styles of play; they do this because they couldn't make enough ability to evade pursuers. This game truly has room for varying styles of play. Ghost, Panther, and Assault are all viable and flexible, and players can switch between them; they can go as stealthily as is natural for them. The only things that encourage a player to keep reloading files is frequent checkpoints, the reward system, and a player's own perfectionist compulsion. For my own edification, the flexibility is done through making enough design decisions to accommodate all playstyles, including level design, player customization, multiple methods of execution, and pros and cons of each method.The levels are a nice maze. There are plenty of corners, covers, lights and shadows, hidden spaces, and vertical spaces. This is what allows players to evade and ambush so well.I like the enemies, more in terms of their gameplay than their visual design, and their audio dialogues help. Their designs inherently garner a different attitude from the player. The grunt riflemen are fearful fodder that a player hopes for many of. The helmeted ones are annoying, but still easy enough. The amoured ones are brutes to be feared, and the snipers worrisome. The AI itself are tough enough, eventually grouping up back to back, and each class has a different behavior style.VISUAL/AUDIOThe animations are great. Sam moves smoothly, and his poses are appropriately stylized. His crouch is like a panther's, his kills are artful, varied, impactful, and emotionless; you can feel his weight, quietly pouncing. The audio is well suited; most of the sounds are very quiet and minimal, but the necessary sounds of the sharp ticking spotter and voices of the enemies are very clear; you can hear what state the enemies are in.GAME FEELHere's a vague dynamic element for a topic. I liked that upon a first playthrough, a player can play very patiently, smartly surveying the area. As they become familiar with what they can get away with, mostly Sam's ability to kill from the front, they start rushing. Thus, they become swift plagues, brazenly speedrunning. This practiced mastery and the reward and upgrade system add considerable replay value to the game.---CONS---I don't like that the weapons have straight upgrades, one loadout that is clearly better than all the rest."
,Recommended,235600,12386040,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Task Force 131,"i love this game ,but it is having some graphic problem which makes me angry du8/10updateso after updating my PC I played this game one more time and that was great I can rate this game now. if you like splinter cell series, this game is the best one.AI 9/10story 9/10realistic 7/10graphic 9/10Game play 9/10sound 9/10-------------------------total 8.66/10single player time  +15 hoursmultiplayer time  ??worth to buy this game with 29.99 price  YES but it is better to wait for sale ."
,Recommended,235600,11431743,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Unknown Hinson,"Incredibly fun and interesting co-op, if you have a buddy and want a good co-op experience this is a great game although Grim's stealth-only-no-evidence missions might not be your thing (or perhaps exactly what kind of thing you enjoy). I was incredibly pleasantly surprised by this game overall. There are clearly some guns that are just plain better than everything else but sometimes you want style over substance."
,Recommended,235600,34740928,Posted: 4 September,all,Bagel ≠ f̶r̶a̶u̶d̶,"Took me about 8 hours to complete but still a fun game. I think it has a lot of replay ability just because each mission has different routes and you can make your own personal challenges. I would definitely recommend. And to all the reviews saying the multiplayer ""doesnt work"" There are fixes out there."
,Recommended,235600,34526975,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolfpaka,"The execution of what it does is great, but would just wish it featured more openess like Chaos theory."
76561198004538351,Recommended,235600,34759444,Posted: 5 September,all,Buzzerker,"When I first bought this game, for a hell of a lot more than what they are sellng it now, which is Sept of 2017, I loved it. I still like it. I know the next one, I hope the next one, is even better. But this game is no slouch for the time it was made and it's not all that old anyway. If you had the one prior , Splinter Cell Conviction, this one is an improvement.  Sam Fisher is more like a Navy Seal Spec Ops kinda dude now, he's 40ish but he's tougher, got that thousand yard stare about him. He also has access to better weapons , gadgets and missions. I wish the campaign went on forever but when you're dealing with Ubisoft games and Tom Clancy franchise you get what you get. It only took me 18 hours to finish the campaign but it was fun. For 9 bucks you are a fool if you don't snatch it up. It's way better than that dumbass Division game that came after it. I got that one too but a whole lot more hours into it. Actually, the Division is fun at first but it wears off after 250 hours. lol Blacklist rocks, what the hell are you waiting for? Get it!"
76561198104525304,Recommended,235600,34419548,Posted: 22 August,all,[Flanker]Hydrogen,Kickass game
76561198376751130,Recommended,235600,34464240,Posted: 24 August,all,StickyJoe,Stiill fun after all the years and still a great stealth shooter.
76561198249575438,Recommended,235600,34759457,Posted: 5 September,all,EvoLifeSword,"The first time I open up the game, I get directly shoved into a cutscene campaign, I honestly mind that.But the problem is that, shooting is really mentally challenging, I aim for the dudes head, but somehow miss him by 2 pixels.It's really frustrating on controlling your character. This is my first time I'm playing one of Tom Clancy's games, and considering it's on sale for a mere 6 bucks, I have no regrets buying this game.The story is good, but the controls are tight and rigid, and very awkward to handle.overall the game is decent, story is okay, the voice acting could with a bit more work, but yeah."
,Recommended,235600,34429856,Posted: 22 August,all,TheWhiteRanger6,Good Story love the gameplay like tom clancy love this game!
,Recommended,235600,34388283,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"Loved the series, I still play every one of the games. Coming to this one, after a couple years, I was surprised with some of the changes they made. Overall, the story mode is engaging, and action packed, like all the previous splinter cell games. *I hope they remaster. Multiplayer is still alive to this day when Im posting this. I added 3 players who dominate the game with me whenever we are on. Mic input and voice comms dont seem to work, or people just dont use it? 1 of the players I play with said they hear me, but visually it doesnt show if the game picks it up. Other than that, nothing really wrong. Already played through it twice."
,Recommended,235600,20618431,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shred,"I have owned this game on xbox, ps3, and now PC. I have played this game thousands of times and I still love returning to it for what it offers. The gameplay, the gadgets, the stealth, the option to kill or knock-out. So many ways to reach your goal.In Splinter Cell: Blacklist, you play as Sam Fisher, Fourth Echelon Commander. A stealthy killer out to stop the mysterious terrorist orginization called the Engineers, who are responsible for the Blacklist attacks.The first mission does a good job at introducing you to the stealth combat and the different ways to take down your opponents. And just like conviction, marking and executing is back. But this time it more optional to use and more of a stylish, quicker way to dispatch enemies. After the introduction, you begin your conquest against the Engineers. Going from middle eastern streets, to embassy buildings. Sneaking and crawing your way through the dark, bringing you closer to ending the goals of your enemies.Sam seems very angry in this game however. He never smiles, never laughs, he is a very serious character. This doesnt really bother me however because he has a mission so lets stay serious until its over. And mayber innerject a few sarcastic lines here and there. But as for the customization, it is endless fun to experiment with different gadgets and weapons and you even get to use a drone to take out enemies.Multiplayer on PC version is broken. And I was not able to join friends or invite them to my lobby for games. It was until after I manually fixed certain aspects that the multiplayer/coop worked. Ubisoft, that sucks. You suck. We all know this.I give Splinter Cell: Blacklist a personal 10/10 for years of enjoyment."
76561198076181590,Recommended,235600,29797281,Posted: 9 February,all,☠ The Beast ☠,Awsome game!Highly recommended :)
76561198076574021,Recommended,235600,6830989,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Iimonster297,"Tom clancy splinter cell blacklist reviewStoryThe United States has a military presence in two-thirds of countries around the world, and some of them have had enough. A group of terrorists calling themselves The Engineers initiate a terror ultimatum called the Blacklist - a deadly countdown of escalating attacks on U.S. interestsGameplayOffen you'll like the game experiment. the game is almost everything . Do you like stealth games? this game appropriate, Do you like assault games?  this game appropriate Do you like first person shooter and third person multiplayer ? this game appropriate. If you don't like this game so know that you're a strange!graphicsOver the top graphics, graphics is just fantastic and fancy the water looks fancy , the sand looks amazing , the looks dirt is fantastic . it's too easy to compare the graphics to the last of us , far cry 3 , crysis , uncharted. even i can only run this game in low settings . imagining when running this game in ultra!! what it could be?Sounds and musicit's impossible to hear bad sounds and music from ubisoft game , the sounds and music is 10/10. the music and sound in the trailer is a masterpieceStory : 9.6/10Graphics : 10/10gameplay : 9.2/10Sounds : 10/10music : 10/10+ positives+ multiple choises to kill+ Replayable campaign+ No bad mission+ Good story+ A new multiplayer idea+ Fun co-op+ Over the top graphics+ Diverse game- Negatives- Tiny game (5-7 hours)- a bit difficult to zoom while your hiddinTom clancy splinter cell blacklist can be nominate for GOTY:)Final score is : 9.5/10 Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,235600,34789825,Posted: 7 September,all,xml.dll,getting frustrated because game wont play and any effort cannot fix this bug
76561198020961863,Not Recommended,235600,14935929,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,seangriffin1,cant play this game iplay shuts down
,Recommended,235600,26395276,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sajid Tak,great game
,Recommended,235600,34787497,Posted: 6 September,all,Calavera,the servers are back up ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198025073052,Not Recommended,235600,34828045,Posted: 8 September,all,ShadowMIB,"The game doesnt run but for some reason it shows me having 20 hours logged playing it, so steam wont give me a refund.  Don't waste your money on it"
76561198079424314,Not Recommended,235600,34848748,Posted: 9 September,all,GriffinSL,I bought this game a few days ago and unable to play it.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game multible times but with no effect. I would not recommend this game at the current moment.
76561198046571606,Recommended,235600,34985980,Posted: 15 September,all,KAZOOIE 911,epic game some users dont know what they are missing
76561198288512600,Recommended,235600,35029362,Posted: 17 September,all,Stealthy_Charizard,"This game is amazing, No complaints just a hard game"
,Recommended,235600,35142563,Posted: 22 September,all,DCWasteland,A fantastic stealth action game. I'm not a Splinter super fan. I enjoy the more accessible approach of this and especially Conviction. Recommended.
76561197970972615,Recommended,235600,35215428,Posted: 25 September,all,tlmck1234,"Works pretty good so far. For those having trouble getting past Uplay, delete the buggy version Steam installs and download the latest directly fromUplay.com. While you are at the Uplay website, it is also a good idea to check and make sure your account still works using the Manage Your Account link. I'll update if I run into any more bugs."
,Recommended,235600,11167708,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Really fun game, I'd recommend it to anybody!"
,Recommended,235600,3365962,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,EvGeNi ツ,"Игра просто шикарная)...у Сэма теперь в распоряжении целый самолет, который можно улучшать) а он тем самым добавляет способности Сэма и всякие фишки....Помимо основных миссий которые мы проходили от начало до конца, тут появилась карта, где есть побочные миссии, миссии только с другом ну и основные, все можно пройти снова и снова зарабатывая деньги... Деньги - теперь их надо зарабатывать выполняя различные задания...Игра шагнула в перед. После 3 части приключения Сэма Территоря Хаоса, которая была на мой взгляд лучшей из 5, вышедших до 6 части, она занимает свое почетное место...оценка 10/10"
76561198088015877,Recommended,235600,35376548,Posted: 1 October,all,Paid,enjoyable classic
,Recommended,235600,10767873,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Freelance Autist,Probably my second favorite Splinter Cell game behind Chaos Theory.
,Recommended,235600,35335169,Posted: 30 September,all,fuzzymonkey11,One of the best campain games I have ever played
76561198042768569,Recommended,235600,10597012,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Goose 2.0 d:),10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,235600,35267946,Posted: 28 September,all,Ryki,Why are Blacklist's controlls so ♥♥♥♥ed up... Conviction was better in controlls...
,Recommended,235600,8076767,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,QuAkEr OaTz,"Blacklist blends what was great with the legacy games and Conviction. It is the best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory, and I think it even Blacklist is even better. Single player was fun to ghost on. The MP is okay, but I'm not sure how long the community will stick with it."
,Recommended,235600,29645971,Posted: 2 February,all,KrezzP,"Heres my reviewProsGreat story.Coop and multi player fun as hell.Fluid game play.Good voice acting.Recommend playing in highest difficulty for classic splinter cell feel.ConsStealth mechanics not very good as in chaos theory my favorite splinter cell game but not bad or game breaking!No light meter, ambient sound meter, no interrogation mechanic from Chaos theory.Game AI is good but not challenging as chaos theory.My recommendation buy the game for good SP campaign i hope you can still find matchmaking servers if you are luckyi play Coop and SvM occasionally even now.Buy it on discounted rate.8/10 - Nice work"
76561198073254836,Not Recommended,235600,9085860,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jotter,"I'm done with UBISOFT, this is another game with those CONNECTION PROBLEMS.I can't play coop with my friend (I have bought the game to coop with that friend)I did everything they said about patches, forwarding ports etc.And it won't work!!!!!!"
76561198041288834,Not Recommended,235600,10487760,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Occy,"Was hyped by the Developement team to be going back to the roots of Chaos Theory, but fell very short."
,Recommended,235600,11414593,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Emilbus,"After Double Agent and Conviction, I didn't have much hope for this game but I can safely say that it is surprisingly, a good game. The game doesn't force you to play stealth anymore except for acouple of missions. But if like me, you enjoy sneaking by without leaving a trace, you'll definitely enjoy the game. It's oddly satisfying to sneak through the entire level without disturbing anything and they definitely give you enough tools to do so. Level design encourages you to explore for alternate routes to evade enemies. Recommend finishing Grim's side mission ASAP for anyone that wants to play stealth to unlock body armour with a very nice stealth bonus.Didn't really touch the multiplayer, but all the side missions can be played co-op a nd there is also spy vs merc mode.No Michael Ironside but his replacement does a pretty good job as Sam Fisher. I eventually got used to it acouple of hours in."
,Recommended,235600,10472514,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,WHiTE,Very very good my comrade.
,Recommended,235600,7853126,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BROKE NIGGA,"200+ Hours, And still, massively addicting. 10/10"
,Recommended,235600,14064147,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Donk,nice game.
,Recommended,235600,30133537,Posted: 23 February,all,༺Crepusculum༻,"The franchise of Splinter Cell it's awesome, but Blacklist it's the perfect good-bye for this.Cool Graphics, an impresive cinematic, and the enviromental places in the game that makes you want to know more.Eventhough it's not a game of the last generation, you can have a lot of fun, for example a nice multiplayer, a nice campain and a exotic story with beautiful cinematics."
,Recommended,235600,16432320,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BadSniper,"If you're looking for a solid stealth game with a great story and awesome co-op, this is it.9/10 Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,235600,11311938,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
,Recommended,235600,8975398,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Firestorm,10/10THIS is Splinter Cell. Everything re-imagined with incredible depth and breadth.The BEST Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory.
76561198009656079,Recommended,235600,30645003,Posted: 20 March,all,Ballistics Frog,"After 14 minutes of trying to make an account and get Uplay to work, it's locked me out of my account due to too many log in attempts.HOW!? The account didn't even exist before now!The support section gave me a phone number to call which told me to hang up and use their 24/7 online chat which is down.Somehow Uplay is worse then GFWL.Fustrations with Uplay aside this is a mostly solid action game.The space bar is really contextual and has occasionally sent Sam out the window next to the laptop I wanted to hack. Gun play is solid. Most upgrades, such as gloves and goggles, are linear and missed a good chance for real customization. The game has the Ratchet and Clank problem where everything is expensive, but your showered in funds anyways.The biggest adjustment in the game is getting use to contextually wall climbing. It's funny how this is the company that popularized open world traversal.The first few levels are a pain, but after that open up to allow for creativity. There are side missions for stealth, kill everyone, and wave biased survival that can all be played co-op. There are even co-op only routes and missions, which I can see bugging anyone who didn't get this game with a friend.The biggest complaint I have (beyond Uplay) is the dirty lens effect. There is some kind of filter over the game that adds oil and dirt marks to the screen whenever a light is vaguely facing you. It's distracting and doesn't add anything to the game or atmosphere.Over all solid military stealth shooter. Not as bogged down as MGS."
76561198158915467,Recommended,235600,23229963,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,PREDATOR12367,"Great stealth game, it's basically Hitman using tactical awareness and tech instead of fibre-wire.Advice: play it on the highest difficulty for the best experience."
,Recommended,235600,10962741,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lil THOT EXTERMINATOR,splinter cell: balklist the live action stealth role playing mmorpg first person drop-in coop puzzle game in which sam fisher must track down the people who stole his testicles in order to reclaim his voice and manhood.
76561198006533205,Recommended,235600,8259248,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Valkohai,Best splinter cell yet.
,Recommended,235600,14509638,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Smoley,"A solid choice for someone looking for a stealth game. My playtime is mostly me taking my time and being sneaky. Don't fret though, this game also allows for missions to go loud, so you can go in guns blazing and rack up the bodies if that suits your style. The story was good, characters are great. Some of the interactions between them made me have a laugh.The biggest gripe I have with Blacklist are the co-op exclusive missions. Trying to find a teammate online is nearly impossible, and there are not many people on my friends list that own this game. If you do end up purchasing this game, and are in need of a partner, I'd be up for it. After I re-install the game first."
76561198023067330,Recommended,235600,10938508,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,✘Strychnine✘,"This is the best game in the whole series. I was totally surprised by how awesome it actually is. You can play the game with two styles - lethal, non-lethal and mixed. During my 7-hour playthrough i have killed like 5 to 6 people, because it is way lot entertaining to play as a ""ghost"" - evading/koncking out the enemies and capturing the main targets. This game is one of the best stealth games out there - so buy it!10/10"
,Recommended,235600,26724931,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Quiescent,This is one of my favorite games of all time. Super clean and super fun. Would definitely reccomend 10/10
,Recommended,235600,30721393,Posted: 25 March,all,MitzeKatze,"Great, third-person; action: Co-Op/Singleplayer shooter-game.A modern (linear) game, so it looks apart and plays very, very smooth. Awesome for what it is and itisaction packed and hectic.In a positive, yet unforgiving way.Sort of like a 'zombie horde shooter' but set in a modern (military) universe;minus the zombies.Plusmissions.the Missions are played out through the 'Paladin' sort of a (aeroplane) base that equally functions as the games ''main menu'', where from: the game unfolds.This is quite an unique concept in gaming,generallyas far as shooters are concerned, that gives a strategic almost sort of like 'real-time'tacticallayer where one can play around with choice that is presented and available to use (various missions, equipment modifications).I really like this games gameplay and universe.In short;I like:everythingabout it...Especiallythe execution."
76561197993893846,Recommended,235600,10078015,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Capitalist Mandrill,"I loved the first three Splinter Cell games. The first Splinter Cell was billed as a Metal Gear Solid killer. As stealth games, both Metal Gear Solid and Splinter Cell both rewarded patient players, although Splinter Cell had a storyline far more grounded in reality.The fourth Splinter Cell, Double Agent, went for something a little different. The fifth game, Conviction, went for something completely different, and Blacklist followed. I think that Conviction and Blacklist have turned the Splinter Cell games into a far more trigger happy series, and pumped in the action move cliches. Not that there's anything particularly wrong with that, the Syphon Filter games on the PSX paid lip-service to stealth while throwing action movie cliches at you all the time. And I loved those games.So while I prefer the original games, I enjoyed my quick run through Blacklist, but I'm done with the main story, and probably won't play through any of the side stuff. The only major flaw is that Michael Ironside no longer voices Sam Fisher.Blacklist is good, but not full price good, so wait for a crazy special or price drop."
,Recommended,235600,16493155,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Duke,game is good but...uplay.
76561198022113271,Recommended,235600,24191171,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fastshooter,good game it would be better if the mercs team was 3person
,Recommended,235600,32683332,Posted: 23 June,all,Greentails43,A great game alone or with a partner. I have enjoyed playing this game with my friends as well as tackling those harder levels alone because SOMEBODY wants to play fetch with the dog... With a grenade.
,Recommended,235600,11763628,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ryu Takeru,One of the best stealth like FPS games i've ever played and so far have about 850hrs on this game
76561198040935945,Recommended,235600,10695847,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thirteen20six,"Very fun, and very frusterating at the same time  :D If you enjoyed the older Splinter Cell games this one has  more of that feel, where Conviction strayed away.  Enjoying my time with the purchase"
,Recommended,235600,15000571,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,AgentSly,"-Start Mission.-Sneek Up on somone.-Shoot a light out and sounds like a f*cking Nuke Hit. didnt alert anyone.-Shoot guy, Guy screams bloody murder. didnt Alert anyone.-Take a guy human sheild he screams and i say ""dont do anything studid"" didnt Alert anyone.-Forget to hide behind wall and my hand peeks out. whole base is alerted.69/10 would Be Sneeky Beeky Like."
,Recommended,235600,10922935,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CamiKitten,"As always, the makers of the Splinter Cell series hit it on the mark again with Blacklist.  Sam has come back, not only to save the U.S. but possibly the world.  The gameplay was smooth and looks amazing on high in pc's.  Despite the fact that the gameplay is good, keyboard and mouse was too difficult for me so I recommend a controller b/c even changing the keys around still left it hard to handle.  My only other beef was that the voice actor for Sam Fischer wasn't the same as all the previous games.  A fun new addition to the Splinter Cell game was that there's a decent amount of side missions via the 4 other ""main"" characters that hold conversations with Sam, including Grim.  To be honest, I have not tried the online play for the story or the nice remake of Spies v. Mercs, but I've been told it holds itself up well and makes for good replay value."
76561198118389546,Recommended,235600,11134527,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Steimo,I recommend splinter cell blacklist beacuase alot of people like stealth games and alot of people like multiplayer games.
,Recommended,235600,17272806,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,=BRC=Ghost Squad,This game is a amazing game when it comes to stealth! The game actually rewards you more points and a higher payout by leaving hostiles undisturbed or knocked out sliently. However you play the game however you like. There are quite a bit of side missions and most of them are pretty fun to complete and some are pretty challenging on perfectionist difficult specifically the survival missions by Charlie. Money in this game is practically infinte since you can literally replay the exact same mission over and over again to earn cash. There are some slight bugs to this game and I know Ubisoft doesn't give a damn to fix. Most of these bugs are minor issues but I've had a bug where I was at the top of the map in one of Charlie's missions. There is another bug where Sam just decides to become an ape and by that I mean Sam will throw his arms in the air and will not lower them again. However with that bug you can still move around and shoot your weapons. Despite the bugs this game is still great to play especially with friends. There is CO-OP missions for you and your friend do or you can get a bunch of friends and so SVM (Spies Versus Mercs).  In order for you to do multiplayer in this game you must use Uplay to invite friends and not through Steam. Overall this game is still fun and also Sam Fisher in this game is a total♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game. He seems to have lost his personality in this game.
,Recommended,235600,23438378,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NeonDeity,"One of the best in the series. For me Blacklist is up there along with Chaos theory. The only negative point of this game is Sam's personality change and the new Voice Actor. Michael Ironside's voice was a must, being used to his voice throughout the series and it suits Sam pretty well. For the best experience, play panther or ghost playstyle on realistic or perfectionist diffiicutly. Assault playstyle and anything below realistic difficulty spoils the game. Atleast for me."
,Recommended,235600,26270672,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Raging_B0n3R™,"awesome game, great tactical gameplay awesome graphics if you miss playing splinter cell better start with this one8/10"
,Recommended,235600,8013897,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jack fan,great game
,Recommended,235600,29495398,Posted: 25 January,all,123,"Love this game. First Splinter Cell I have ever played and can't believe what Ive been missing. Graphics are awesome, voice acting is awesome, gameplay is awesome. The only gripe is sometimes the controls can be a bit clunky, but not enough to ruin my experience. Def worth picking up."
76561197987254223,Recommended,235600,33176562,Posted: 3 July,all,cairain_hoey,great game
,Recommended,235600,10634883,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Akilleus,"What a great game,  back to the basics, if your a fan of the series this is a must have, love the new play style, love the series"
,Recommended,235600,10682271,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Yung Steroidz,Sam looks like Commander Shepard. We'll bang okay?
76561198119664483,Recommended,235600,10742897,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Insaneperson440,"This game is fun, it goes back to its roots STEALTH, and its great. There is still the option to go bezerk but i wouldnt recomend it. Still AMAZING spliter cell game, i recomened you pick it up"
,Recommended,235600,7306486,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,NERO™,"Эта часть по сравнению с Conviction ""Иван Грозный"" мощна. В случае, если смотреть в сторону компании, то да, есть ощущения что мы играем в Conviction, НО 1-ые 3 часа игры меняет мнение об этой части. Всё дополнено снаряжением, его МНОГО сколько душа пожелает и под каждый стиль игры - свои пушки ""игрушки"".Добавлен Великолепный мульт, от которого я не ожидал, что он настолько КРУТ и продуман (режимы, карты, способности). Можно играть около 50-100 часов, call of duty отдыхает, ибо на стороне наёмников имеется вид от 1 лица, и после 2-3 раундов мне показалось, что играю в call of duty. Blacklist проявил себя как 2 в 1, что очень неожиданно в плане ""Том и Джери"" (режим есть такой).Кооператив тоже не подкачал, миссии очень красивые, впечатляющие, что можно даже перепройти на более сложном уровне сложности. Имеется взамосвязь между напарниками, которая, к сожалению, в Conviction проявляется только в конце игры.ГРафОН просто сногшибателен. Музыка, как не крути, МОЩНАЯ. Я не ожидал, что композитор напишет настолько продуманные композиции.Русская озвучка красива. Конечно, ТАЩат Актёр Сэма и И ""Братку""В компании стелс увеличился, по сравнению с Conviction, в 5 раз.Обязательно к покупке."
76561198093193535,Not Recommended,235600,13833024,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dontech,"Great game but... the multiplayer is full of cheaters and there is no way to report them, ubisoft doesn't care to fix this problem!! Also the game has released more than a year ago and ubisoft hasn't released more multiplayer maps.Its really annoying and makes people stop playing. Uplay i'm very dissapointed with you!"
,Not Recommended,235600,34781822,Posted: 6 September,all,Alex,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Right now if you buy this game you will get a crash on start up, I have a 3 month old PC spent £1000 on it and the game will not launch for me.Wait until fixed, until then stay way clear!"
,Recommended,235600,8913347,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"A great return to the Splinter Cell series! A hell of alot better than Conviction in every way possible. Fun campaign, fun missiosn to do with a friend and the online is not to bad either. Pick it up! Especially if it is on sale on steam! This is more stealthy SP gameplay and it really does give you alot more options as to what you wanna do compared to the last SC game!Not perfect, but a HUGE step in teh right direction for a series that looked like it was falling hard."
,Recommended,235600,34747147,Posted: 4 September,all,TehSEAL,"Game is amazing, truly love where they have gone with Splinter Cell now. The PvP aspect has completly disolved into a creative online gameplay experience to where you can truly master either or the other.Truly a great game all around."
,Recommended,235600,32555402,Posted: 18 June,all,udtmatt,Im writing this as I download it again. Bought it on a steam sale for super cheap. Im writing this as i will go through the campaign again. Ive played this on both xbox 360 and ps3. It is fantastic. The story is forgettible but the locales are great and the stealth gameplay while not as good as previous games like chaos theroy and current like mgs5 are top notch. Its truly a great game that will have you playing through multiple times as i did on both consoles and now will on pc. I can not comment on the current state of the multiplayer but back in the first 2 years it was a sight to behold. Just as good as pandora tomorrow and chaos theroy.9/10 must buy......
76561198103688246,Recommended,235600,23277227,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Clemm,"If you didn't meet Sam Fisher till this time,you'd miss a lot of things probably."
,Recommended,235600,22157620,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,"I miss Michael Ironside. Nobody can emulate that gravelly, rough tone. But now I've got that out of the way, Blacklist is not bad at all. By no means does it have the detail of some of the original games, but that's par for the course.It's a pretty good sneak'em up with the normal ""we tacked this multiplayer mode on top because that's what the kids want these days"" added."
,Recommended,235600,34915606,Posted: 13 September,all,卂尺ㄒㄖ尺丨卂丂,"Warning : Multiplayer doesnt work, have to play with uplay.Review : Improved upgraded and pretty looking Splinter Cell Conviction"
,Recommended,235600,23629158,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Final Score: 8 out of 10.Great stealth game with very decent shooting. Unfortunately the progression/unlocks system are not as good as the gameplay, the menus are very confusing at first and their ""challenges"" are a joke to be laughed at. I also got to NOT watch the final cutscene because Ubisoft decided it was not worth patching their bugs... Shame on you!Despite all that, the game is good and definitely worth to be bought at discounted price. Double that if you have a friend you can play co-op with."
,Not Recommended,235600,8965294,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Akselmo,A complete disgrace for the whole ♥♥♥♥ing series.Enemy spots me? Alright I can just quickly shoot hi- WHAT SUDDENLY REINFORCEMENTS JUST TELEPORT NEXT TO HIM?????THE ♥♥♥♥ERS DONT EVEN CALL ANYWHERE THE REINFORCEMENTS JUST TELEPORT.In Chaos Theory the npc's actually ran for the nearest alarm button or call thing so you had some time.Just don't buy this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft for ruining a good series.♥♥♥♥ you and your console gamer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.♥♥♥♥. You.
,Not Recommended,235600,7870157,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Miune,"the game is fine itself, however as usual the game bugs out when trying to play co-op this has been a common trend when it comes to ubisoft games if not outright impossible, it's so conviluted with workarounds and complicated steps it's just not worth it. I'm currently asking for a refund for this game, considering the only reason i bought it was to play co-op. if you want a single player experience that is similar to conviction, then by all means...but if your like me who was excited to play with another, stay far far away from this."
76561198015762199,Not Recommended,235600,8260823,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CGV,I bought this game for the multiplayer side... it doesnt work! there is not a single person availble to play. the game hasnt been out long enough for that to be the case its rediculous.
,Not Recommended,235600,8971336,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,CurryLover69,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game won't ♥♥♥♥ing work.Do not buy.
76561198361864738,Recommended,235600,30672318,Posted: 22 March,all,sreeni.sreeni13,"Splinter Cell my all time fav game series and probably the only series that i like from ubisoft(other games AC2,ACBH,ACRV). The stealth,atmosphere,story is all just perfect eagerly waiting for the next version but dont ruin the game like what you did in double agent and convection, also make the gadget list simple and neat and not too much complicated"
76561198138300135,Recommended,235600,13859940,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,7heDuke,Amazing gameplay experience. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,235600,13498251,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bydunai,"Great stealth game, in the best traditions of Splinter Cell series. Ubisoft quickly realized how far from expected was Conviction and made one of the best Splinter Cell universe games."
76561197996676214,Recommended,235600,13942540,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MightySar™,this game is he boss i am so happy that i am on rank 47
,Recommended,235600,13726905,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Teutonic Knight,"One of the best modern stealth games, but play it on Perfectionist; it provides you with the proper challenge and teaches you valuable lessons like patience, situational awareness and the right use of your gear.A lot of customization options to fit your style, many different sneak paths to discover, great atmosphere and professional voice actors."
,Not Recommended,235600,9690791,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Guke Nukem,...FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PIECE OF SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198325992344,Recommended,235600,30050559,Posted: 19 February,all,Pa[N]Da,Игра очень хорошая. Если вы любитель стелса и у вас средний комп? То эта игра для  вас. Я покупал без скидки и не желею потраченых денег. Рекомендую!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,235600,14975495,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Pride and Prejudice,"Well, this is my Commentary on the whole product. The whole product is more, then just the gameplay, but i will start with the gameplay. I have to say, that the gameplay is really good. Everyone, who did no-kills runs in the previous games, can do so in this one. You can do open, deadly runs; silent, deadly runs and no-kill, silent runs. The game acknowledges this three style and i find the game to be a bit easier on no-kill, silent runs. If you like Splinter Cell, than this is a good game to play, whoever there is one big problem:30min crashes.Every 30min the game crashes for no reason. It is a popular problem and i tried many of the popular solitions, but they did not work. So you have only 30min until the game crashes. This is a bit forgiving in campaign missions, because you have a lot of checkpoints, but it makes the extra mission increadible frustrating or impossible. Theses mission do not have permant checkpoints. If the game crashes the whole progress is lost and the multiplayer becomes inaccessible, if you ever get a connection to Ubisoft servers. The game came out in august 2013 and this bug is not yet fixed and there is no garanteed way to know if you will be affected. This is unexcusable.My second problem comes with ""Shadownet"" or Ubisofts fancy way to make a central server unavoidable. Do you remember, how you could or could not connect to specific games-server back then? If you could not connect to a specific server, you choose another server and the problem was gone. You can't do this with Shadownet. If you can't connect to Shadownet, you can't play the multiplayer, because dedicated servers are the devil.It is easy to understand, that i can not recommend a game, where the multiplayer does not work as good as from games from over 10 years ago (settlers 2, diablo 2, counterstrik 1.6) and you have a high chance to be plagued by a crash bug.Do not buy this game at anything more than ~5-6€and it is best, if you got this 5-6€ for free. Play Dota2, CSGO, etc and get drops in form of items or cards. Sell this drops and buy SplinterCell with the drop money. This is probably the best way to enjoy this game.This is sad, because the gameplay is good, but i can not support ♥♥♥♥♥♥, lazy and idle developers and publishers with a general recommendation."
,Recommended,235600,15222151,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Miporin,"Let's see ... 18hrs, and most of them are CO-OP missions, and played only 1 story mission. (for archievement)I'm having a blast with it so far with my friend.I won't go into details, but more on the thought. Here's my opinion;::: Game-Related :::The game itself is great, one of the best stealth action I played so far. It is a little more fast-paced compared to older games in the same series. Gameplay is fast, well, if you are going for Perfectionist. (the hardest difficulty)The game brings back execute system (with some improvement), where you tag enemies, and down all of the tagged within your reach using one button. It can be a very deadly aresenal together with the Sonar Vision (x-ray). It is a bit overpowered, but still, it is nice addition to have. However, playing on Perfectionist disabled both Tagged-Execution, and Sonar. This is where the fun is!You have several equipments your disposal, which affect your playstyle. How you play, is up to you, but in the end, it will put you into 3 groups, Ghost (non-lethal, stealth), Panther (lethal, stealth), and Assault (go all loud). I found that each style balanced quite well, so it depends on your preference.AI is nice, although it not that smart, but it is challenging enough to keep the game in its pace. You cannot sit in the shadow, looking into enemy's eye at almost arm-length. You can be spot if you cross its LOS.I haven't go deep into story (at all), but it seems okay, simple plot, but interesting. I am into CO-OP more, which is very good actually. The CO-OP content may seems small, but there is more than it seems, I am still playing it after 18hrs :DSpies Vs Mercs multiplayer looks interesting too, however, there is no anti-hack, and you will find hackers in public match, a lot. I tried it for likes 3-4 different matches. All of them have at least 1 obvious hacker, well, you know, speed hack, and wall-clipping hack, which is quite nasty. There are several other hacks available too (from what I found when reading around forums), likes wallhack, god mode, and etc.Apart from the (great) game itself, there is a critical flaw, Uplay.::: Uplay :::I have to say that Uplay has improved a lot compared to the time of its introduction. It looks really nice, comparing Uplay to Steam. However, Steam is more stable imo. Uplay has improved, and became more stable to let you enjoy your game, still, it acts weird on me several times, likes cannot login, cannot find server, logged in, but appeared offline in-game and etc. It is not really bad, but it is more of the annoyance in its current stage.Though, I can say that it is good when it is working. I like its UI more than Steam's :D::: Overall :::Very good game, grab a friend, get deluxe editions (for completed DLC package). Although, you will need some motivation to fiddle with Uplay along the way. I recommended this game for co-op experience! It is worth my purchase."
,Not Recommended,235600,26361394,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hootmon_Y_Knot,"Don't buy this if your a PC master race type.  This is your typical quicktime jammed console game that prompts you every step of the way, they were too cheap to do a decent port to PC, you have to use a gamepad to control it, no mouse look and wasd.  Yuk."
76561198019110136,Not Recommended,235600,9482550,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shafi,"I hate this game SO MUCH, so I'm going to disslike it. Why?1) This game has the worst Gaming Community I have ever encountered in my gaming experience.2) Multiplayer is mostly not working in way of connection issues and blockades, this game really hates connection software and such.3) I have encoutered a random removal of all campaing and multiplayer progress, which is a very normal issue on a PC version of this game. (Xbox has no issues whatsoever)!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!I hope my comment to this game ""Splinter Cell: Blacklist"" was somehow usefull, if you think I was wrong at some point please contact me. Have a nice day. Bye.THANKS FOR READING"
,Recommended,235600,29935727,Posted: 14 February,all,Snake,"A perfect Splinter Cell game that needs a sequel (and Michael Ironside) so bad, it hurts each time I'm remembered of this game.Disposobal story, with only memorable bits being phone conversations between protagonist special-ops agent Sam Fisher and his daughter, that really reveal a human side to an otherwise uncompromisingly carboard character this installement diminishes him to."
,Recommended,235600,14262136,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tomo,All at once we clapped our hands in gleeDaddy's found the perfect Christmas treeWe can hardly see the topDaddy's axe goes chop chop chopAnd down as a tree as perfect as a tree can be
,Not Recommended,235600,26568546,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Silo,"Fun game and enjoyed it, especially for the discount price. Coop is good.Why downvote, you ask?Because its Ubisoft. Had to wait 2 days to actually be able to play this game, because Ubisoft didnt bother to make enough keys,Also, Splinter Cell blacklist had its Coop completely removed, because ???They could have left it so players could host the game on their own PC or private server - NOPELook into other Ubisoft games to learn how they mess with people :3"
76561197960478509,Recommended,235600,21559255,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Beekay,"Best Splinter Cell title so far.If you ever make another one, keep this concept and just change the story & improve graphics to current top level.....and maybe add the the splits from part 1 again. :)"
76561198023860463,Not Recommended,235600,14914695,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mother,"EDIT: It's 2017. Online still not availableIt's 2015 and Splinter Cell Service still not available. I went to USA, finished University, bought a new gaming rig, and nothing.This is starting to worry me. Can someone check on the guy responsible for the service? I think something bad might have happened to him. Sending my prayers.Please Ubisoft, shut down Uplay and let Steam take care of multiplayer?"
,Not Recommended,235600,8973553,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Caarle..,"Absolute garbage, you'd think after a decent game ♥♥♥♥♥♥as a splinter cell sequel) they'd at least manage to make a working game. Instead you get Uplay riddled bullcrap with a stealth system that works only if you use the clunky cover system. Enemies detect you through walls and you I managed to shoot through walls.Story is just like a regular tom clancy shitflick, except on steroids. They just throw you in and like explain the whole starting situation in this weird montage, and you need to have ADD to follow it. Christ."
76561198048965698,Recommended,235600,23218987,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,"Havent played the previous games so I cant speak for the, but SCB seems to be a great game if you are into stealth action, completely worth it at its current sale price of 7.50$"
76561198062221121,Not Recommended,235600,9195636,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,God,Neither multiplayer nor co-op works. It's not worth paying for. Just torrent it.
,Recommended,235600,9254007,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,"To quote MC Ride, I'm Wikileaks.","Blacklist has a lot of things going for it except one huge design flaw:MOST OF YOUR ACTIONS ARE BOUND TO TWO KEYS.This is a critical foil, and it leads to a lot of less fluid, more ""sticky"" movement when it comes to dashing from cover to cover and hiding in shadows. Whenever you want to move fast, you have to hold down your sprint key. This also makes it so you automatically move over obstacles in the way, which means you can hurdle over obstacles and _COMPLETELY_ blow your cover.This being said, the game still offers amazing, diverse gameplay with unique level design that made me become a fan of the series just from the first few hours of playing this game. There are a few spots in which I had to restart multiple times, but this can be attributed to the fact that I am brand new to the series. Graphically the game is gorgeous with a nice art style that compliments the mood and atmosphere. While it is dated by it being in Unreal 3, it runs like a charm with smooth alt-tabbing and fluid menu movement.The icing that tips this cake of a game is its story and characters. It delivers suspense coupled with actually conceivable situations (rip tom clancy your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ understanding of geopolitics will never be forgotten or sought after again), and its camaraderie of your crew is something not seen very much in AAA titles nowadays.Grab this game if you can. The only thing that makes this game better is someone else to play it with."
,Recommended,235600,15009363,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Renowned stealth spy Sam Fisher is back with a different voice. Gone is the brusque voice played by actor Michael Ironside, in is Eric Johnson. Sam’s voice is still credible and is now smoother than it used to be, but not as great as in previous Splinter Cell iterations.As Sam Fisher, you still work for the 4th Echelon, but this time you receive missions from a plane based in Greenland called The Paladin. The Paladin is the command center where you meet up with Anna Grimsdottir and the plot plays much like a political thriller. The story focuses on a group of terrorists trying to kill a series of targets in the United States. There’s quite a bit of tension in the plot and some of it is between Sam and his colleagues. Charlie Cole is an expert hacker who can annoy other employees in The Paladin. The story isn’t so much about Sam, but it is more about information warfare. In this game information is power.The screens in the command center are all digital; there are campaign missions as well as side missions. There are several new gadgets in this game that are very interesting and very useful for both the campaign and side missions. You get to choose your gadgets on The Paladin before you embark on any campaign or side mission. The availability of the gadgets gives you a chance to experiment with them against the various hostiles you will encounter in various countries of the world. One of the most interesting gadgets is the Tri-Rotor, a drone that you can use to scope out a building you are trying to infiltrate. The drone can give you a fairly good idea where the hostiles are located so that you can stealthily get inside a building without being spotted.Old Splinter Cell gameplay mechanics have returned such as the cover system. You can take cover behind a wall, barricade, or box. You can knock out hostiles by sneaking up behind them like in previous iterations of the Splinter Cell franchise. A new mechanic that is introduced to this game called mark and execute. It is an ability to mark nearby hostiles, then automatically killing them with headshots in slow motion at the press of a button. It feels like an action hero move.The missions take place in a variety of countries such as Iran, Paraguay, Mexico, United Kingdom, Guantanamo Bay, and Philadelphia, USA. The best mission designs consist of ventilation shafts, rooftops, and cubicles of offices. The A.I. of the guards is for the most part very realistic and increase suspense as they get closer to your hiding location. They will react realistically when they see an unconscious or dead colleague. Seeing an unconscious or dead colleague forces them to change their patrol patterns. A guard also will wonder why a door is now open when it was previously closed. If Sam is spotted by a hostile(s) a shadow is left in the last location where he was spotted.The side missions are fun, although they turn into trial and error missions. There are no save points, so you will have to go through the mission from start to finish without making critical mistakes. These missions are assigned by Sam’s colleagues such as Grimsdottir, Cole, or Briggs. They can be played in single player or co-op. The side missions are structured so that you would need a co-op player alongside you in order to climb high walls or fences. Many of these missions require stealth, so being spotted means the end of a mission. Side missions may require you to hack into phones, computers, and other devices so that the 4th Echelon can secretly acquire intel from the terrorists. There is enough drama and suspense to justify playing side missions.Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a gripping thriller of a game that reminds of a political movie thriller centered on spying. The campaign missions are suspenseful and the side missions add replayability to the game if you can get by the frustrations of trial and error. I would recommend this game to anyone who is interested in spying, stealth, and drama."
,Recommended,235600,24299733,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GeT_LeFT,-Playing as Mercs-Round starting-Glitching-Gun's gone invisible-Defeat the Spies anyway11/10 would shoot someone with a invisible gun again
76561197976426678,Not Recommended,235600,10483461,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Redcobra,"so♥♥♥♥♥♥..it doesnt work, and all ""fixes"" on the internet do not work. waste of money"
,Not Recommended,235600,10481244,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Strix,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YOU CAN NOT PLAY MULTIPLAYER AND UBISHIT ARE NOT FIXING!
76561198030030425,Recommended,235600,25139215,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Awesome game i like it
76561198043300366,Recommended,235600,25207524,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ownagee,Sam fisher is back!! He's ashamed of conviction and trying to claim his throne back as the best stealth game! He did ok...
,Not Recommended,235600,34513105,Posted: 26 August,all,OldFartGamer_61,"Great game until it crashes.It wouldn't be so bad if it only happens once during a session, but having it crash at least 2 or 3 times it's time to throw it the bin."
76561198163879822,Recommended,235600,34129417,Posted: 9 August,all,TheClown,"The best Splinter Cell.Leaves room for plenty of different play styles and on hardest difficulty it is really challenging to play.Allows a lot of action / shooting (not prefered by me), but also rewards you for playing ""the old way"", without being noticed or approaching any enemies."
76561197972805184,Recommended,235600,34748043,Posted: 4 September,all,TICO,i like it and good coop game.
76561197972309532,Not Recommended,235600,9210744,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mr Shoes,PC version does not correctly support controllers. This is unacceptable from a major games developer. Be warned if you buy this expecting proper controller support
,Not Recommended,235600,10566065,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,riwa,"They tried to make a new splinter cell. And they failed. This game is buggy, and stupid in many ways. Rooms with moving lasers like some terrible movie and forced shoot outs this game is nothing like the old ones. However. If you like me love the old splinter cell and just want something that resembles just a little, this might be for you. I spent a long time swearing over this game. Changing the difficulty to easy during each long forced shoot out, only wishing they wouldve given me a ""skip"" option. But occasionally, I actually felt like the old Sam Fischer (whenever he would STFU). Some levels you can pass completely without interfering with anyone at all, which made quite happy, and made me feel I got my moneys worth. This game is for the people who want to sneak but wont freak out when they suddenly gets stuck in first person mode and MUST kill everyone on the whole level. Get it on sale. Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game like almost all other games nowadays. But maybe half of it wasnt TOO bad. Id say its like a mix of the worst missions on Pandora Tomorrow (which is the worst of the first three and only  real Splinter Cells) and of some new Call of Duty XX third COD of the year. Luckily you get more sneaking than shooting if you try really hard"
,Recommended,235600,10846623,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Theking9957,Rainbow six simulator 2045siege/vegas
,Not Recommended,235600,29179184,Posted: 11 January,all,matty,you have to deal with ubisoft's uplay interface. sucks♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,235600,10965276,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cipher--,guy spawn camped me then sat on my face10/10 would spawn again
,Recommended,235600,25705068,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kyloutiontv,Best stealth game I have ever played pretty fun replayed it more then once. Smooth fun brutal and customization 10/10
76561198018365020,Not Recommended,235600,25500127,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,الله,"7,5/10good game but it always crashes after 20 minutes and ubisoft don't care about fixing this"
76561198014492379,Recommended,235600,18012393,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Michael Weston,"I just want to say thank you to ubisoft for this great game, Never played the old splinter cells, will try it, but this game kickass, just love it. you have 3 ways to play, ghost, panther and assault. or you can mix like me. And the story is great.Hope they make another splinter cell...If you like stealth, combat or a mix, this game is for you.Man, i gonna change my name to Sam Fisher... Badass"
,Recommended,235600,31538142,Posted: 4 May,all,The Son Of A Man,One of the coolest stealth games ever to this day
,Not Recommended,235600,21097684,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,"Hastur, The King in Yellow",Bought game 4 days ago and still haven't been able to start playing becuase of Uplay.♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Not Recommended,235600,10581713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheMightyGromit,"Don't buy this game, You cannot connect to your friends just like every other game that uses Uplay. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft I would rather play a game frome EA! I hope I can get a refund..."
76561198063301021,Recommended,235600,10543908,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cheesemönger,"I used to be a dog person, then I played Splinter Cell Blacklist"
,Recommended,235600,21394783,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BlueSal,"Splinter Cell, a game that has been around for the past 14 years or so. It is one of those games you either love or hate. So if you are into the stealth and infiltration type of games (like Metal Gear Solid) or a militarised American James Bond, then this is definitely a game for you. We continue the story of Sam Fisher from his kick♥♥♥♥♥new base of operations and his wide arsenal of gadgets and upgrades. You do what Sam Fisher does best, kill bad guys and leave without a trace (most of the time) . However, I would not recommend this game for people who do not like lone wolf style games. This game is for tactical and patient players.7/10"
76561198068916175,Not Recommended,235600,10799884,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,. s . h . u . r . m .,another potentially good game ruined by uplay
76561198035244029,Recommended,235600,12769395,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,JeffDT52,very awesome stealth game. The multiplayer is very crappy and they really need to fix it.
,Not Recommended,235600,29154032,Posted: 9 January,all,Tiny Rick,"Its a great game but Uplay is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft really needs to completely delete it, it would be a way better company having done so."
,Recommended,235600,18541918,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,diss</3,gr8 game
76561198018277440,Recommended,235600,12826068,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Revoker,"This is one of my all time favorite games. I bought it on the PS3, which was complete crap with graphics and load times. I never finished it, and my PS3 needs  a new (something expensive im sure) so I bought the deluxe edition again for $40. It is so much better on PC I am glad I have spent $100 on this game total now, Worth every penny, the gameplay is vicious and uncanny. The checkpoint system in this is brilliant, it adds perfect tension to every moment, and really makes you slow down and think. Since the first 3D stealth game on PS1, Tenchu stealth assassins, I have loved this genre. As it stands this is the pinncle of stealth espionage, and a timless gaming experience."
76561198097685093,Not Recommended,235600,34744876,Posted: 4 September,all,niallrd,"wtf. Ubisoft won't even allow the game to be played.If i can't resolve this within the hour, i'm just claiming the money back."
,Not Recommended,235600,14961316,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Kimochiiiiii~~~~~~,"First off, I hope everyone who thought of and designed Uplay dies horribly.I can join people in russia from asia (I assume he was russian, he couldn't speak english and had a russian name)with some lag but I can't join my friend who lives in the same country a few km away from me. Always ""Can't connect"".And when I check the ubisoft support forums its all staff sayingCHECK THE PORTSCHECK THE PORTSCHECK THE PORTSCHECK THE PORTSThat's the only solution I got so far. Port forwarding didn't work.  In multiplayer they throw you right in with very little explanation. I thought training ground was AI and I raged like hell after realizing I was playing with real people and was burdening them to the point we almost lost.Single player is ok. Money earned is shared between multi-player and single-player are the same so it's spread thin with all the customization choices.Only get on sale.Also I forgot to mention this game keeps switching itself to windowed mode. It even starts in windowed mode. Jesus christ."
76561198137803725,Recommended,235600,26122378,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ares,"Not for the price I bought it at, wait for a sale."
76561197996666224,Not Recommended,235600,14908715,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DaftPang,Don't expect any co-op from any of the Ubisoft titles.
,Recommended,235600,15108655,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Please be patient i have autism,We're gonna get a Christmas treeMy momma & my daddy & my sister & meCome on everyone let's go seeCome on Sue & SallyCold December days are hereRinging the warmth of Christmas cheerWe'll find the perfect tree this yearThe loveliest tree in the valleyDown the woodland path and over the bowChildren follow tumbling thru the snowFollowing the woodland wayWe're gonna find our tree today'Cause daddy knows exactly where to goAll at once we clapped our hands in gleeDaddy's found the perfect Christmas treeWe can hardly see the topDaddy's axe goes chop chop chopAnd down as a tree as perfect as a tree can beWe're gonna get a Christmas treeMy momma & my daddy & my sister & meCome on everyone let's go seeCome on Sue & SallyCold December days are hereRinging the warmth of Christmas cheerWe'll find the perfect tree this yearThe loveliest tree in the valleyDaddy plants his stake about 3 feet highBaby Sally looks and wondered whyDaddy smiles at momma's glazeIn the gentle light-felt rainWe'll plant another tree right here by our side10/10
,Recommended,235600,13199216,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Coach Apocalypse,"One of the best, and well made games of the year, and that I have ever played. 10/10 would reccomend. Favorite Stealth game."
,Recommended,235600,10069585,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Nitrocide,Despite what the critics said I freakin' loved this game. It was all I expected from Sam Fisher (minus the fact that it had no Michael Ironside voicing it :( ) and waay much more.Definitely worth looking into.
,Recommended,235600,8772303,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Supernova Carpetbomb,"This game is fantastic and one of the best, if not the best, splinter cell.  The game is sharp, beautiful, well acted and an overall joy to play.  You can be completely stealthy or go in guns blazing (good luck with that approach though).  It's fantastic to play, and the story is amazing.  If you appreciate saving the world from terrorist scum, this game is for you.  God Bless America."
,Recommended,235600,30052632,Posted: 19 February,all,vykan12,"Given what a letdown Double Agent and Conviction were, I wasn't expecting anything special when I played the game. Yet despite using the same game engine as Conviction, the series finally returns to its stealth roots and delivers an amazing stealth game on par with Chaos Theory.One of the game's main strengths is in its map design. Each map is its own small, self-contained open world environment filled with hidden passageways and alternate routes. These secret paths are so common that you'll go out of your way to find them, and it's really rewarding to find, for example, an intricate set of pipes and ledges you can climb to pass by 8+ guards unnoticed.The other main draw is the game's sheer level of customizability. Each mission rewards you with cash that can be used to upgrade your armor, weapons and gadgets. Unlike previous games, you can now carry up to 8 gadgets, including a user operated drone and an ultra powerful crossbow (stun gun variant) with 4 different firing modes. In fact, you're supplied with so many gadgets that you can't even go through all of them in a single mission (assuming one used per guard).In addition, each mission provides a ranking system for 3 different playstyles: Ghost, Panther and Assault. A Ghost style is classic stealth, Assault style means getting detected and duking it out in combat, and Panther is somewhere in between. This mechanic alone is great for replayability since you have a reason to beat any given mission at least 3 times, each time being such a vastly different experience it's almost like playing a new level. For instance, you can beat a level without so much as knocking out a single guard, then play that level again making liberal use of frag grenades, incendiary grenades, proximity mines and sniper rifle shots.Even the missions themselves have much needed variety compared to previous titles. While there is the standard fare campaign, there's also about an equal amount of Grim missions  where your objective is to either neutralize X hostiles, hack 3 terminals or even fight off waves of enemies, and the missions themselves vary in how well suited they are to a particular playstyle.Probably my biggest complaint is the storyline. Given you can beat missions in more or less any order you want, it has the effect of making the plot feel disjointed and confusing. Then there's just something about the dialogue and voice acting that comes across as silly, as if you're watching a Spy Kids movie with adults. It got to the point where I would actually skip cutscenes I hadn't seen before. If you play games for story, you should probably look elsewhere.My other minor complaint is the lack of online activity, but that's forgivable given the game is already 4 years old."
,Recommended,235600,11903469,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,d4edalus01,"Thomas Clancy's Rainbow Cell Recon Splinter Squad Ghost Assault 4 was a very enjoyable game. The 64 byte graphics and Ge-force physics along with the Nvidia Shield game engine puts this 2nd person shooter game way ahead of current standards. And can amazingly be play accross all platforms including Windows 93 (and Windows Phone),  Mac OS X 12, ios8.8, Android Jelly Kat Pie, and of course the very popular PalmOS. This game is truely remarkable with next generation consoles even lets you input your commands with Commander Mode similar to Command Prompt on Cortana. All of this integration leads to a seamless gameplay that makes great use of your Facebook Inc.'s Ocular Rift Beta VR headset. The game characters are brought to life by great voice actors such as Steve Ballmer, Snoop Dogg, and Siri. Overall a great page-turner that keeps you excited until the end, when it finishes. Recomend New York Times Best Seller 8/8."
,Recommended,235600,11940103,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The Brown,"Cool gameplay. Cool music. Cool skin-tight latex body suits that demonstrate the effectiveness of P90X.  However, the lack of Michael Ironside's voice and performance prevents Blacklist from reaching maxmium coolness. A weathered man, a father, a war vet, I imagine Sam Fisher is pushing 55, yet in this rendtion of the Splinter Cell series, he is voiced by a pubescent child who is prone to lashing out at his inner party. It's as if they're making some lackadaisical attempt to turn Sam Fisher into a young and hip action icon that is possessed by teen angst, opposed to the sardonically dark humour that we've grown accustomed to over the years. I don't mind if they're trying to reinvent the protagonist of Splinter Cell in order to appeal to a younger generation, but if that's the case, put Sam Fisher to rest and don't sully his image more than you already have. Introduce a new Splinter Cell--this reverse aging thing is just too weird for me.Also, Fisher, arguably one of the most skillful agents of espionage of all time, lacks the ability to take cover in a standing position, which I found odd."
,Recommended,235600,11944564,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,cheser22 (i'm hero of Donbass),"Я думаю, что лучшая игра из серии/ i think splinter cell blacklist the best game of series splinter cell."
,Recommended,235600,11963086,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Gaza,amazing game
,Recommended,235600,12194234,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Seth BOOT,"Personally, I'm not really someone who likes stealth games, but I really enjoy playing stealthy in Blacklist. There is such a wide variety of equipment, weapons, goggles and gear, as well as upgrades to your plane that can allow you to see enemies on the mini map and get access to restricted weapons, that you can get that makes progression in the game very enjoyable and smooth. You also have the choice in most missions to ether try to stealth through or go loud and kill all of the things. This is an absolutely superb game that is great for anyone who likes third person games, weather you like stealth or if you like action and has kept me entertained for hours at a time."
,Recommended,235600,12505858,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Chaos,I enjoyed Splinter Cell Conviction alot and i loved the charcter plots carring over to Splinter Cell Blacklist. Although i got confused about the controls from getting used to Splinter Cell Conviction. It's worth a buy. (I recommend playing Splinter Cell Conviction first to appreciate Splinter Cell Blacklist.)
76561198126495938,Recommended,235600,12665236,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,anubis060512,I've played just about every Splinter Cell game and loved them all!  Wasn't sure about the new voice actor for Sam Fisher cause Micheal Ironside was perfect! But the new guy did an awesome job can't wait for another SC!
,Recommended,235600,12955219,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TotalJargon,"Single player and Coop is decent, but the new Spies and Mercs is where it shines, just be prepared to lose countless times until you get the hang of it.Death from above/10"
,Recommended,235600,12978350,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bandit Recon,"Solid mechanics. Solid plot.  Thus far, I'm having a blast.  I bought this game on sale a few months ago and have just now begun playing through it.  Very satisfied at about 1.5 hours into the game.  I'm not sure what the multiplayer scene looks like just yet, but I plan on checking it out soon.  Can't go wrong with this one, particularly if you can grab it on sale.  It's a good buy!"
,Recommended,235600,12979824,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kromeboy,"Splinter Cell is good again.This chapter bring back the pure stealth mode of the original games.You can choose your style combining- ghost (dont be detected and dont kill/arm anyone)- Panther (dont be detected, and silent kill)- Assault (classic shooter)In the campaign there is at least one mission for each style, and you can customize the weapons and gear according to your preferences.The campaign is solid, and is a good/classical spy/terrorist story.Secondary missions are a little weak, and i expecialy dont like the idea of the almost necessity of co-op (some missions are co-op only) but if you have a friend to play with it should be ok for you.As 2014 co-op matchmaking is useless"
76561198064769200,Recommended,235600,13042267,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MightyMark1,"Best Splinter Cell game of all time,would like to see a hot female Splinter Cell character that kicks♥♥♥♥♥like Sam Fisher on the same game engine?All and all great gameplay."
,Recommended,235600,13101778,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mytrix,"Nothing can touch Chaos Theory, but this one does scratch the surface.The gameplay and mechanics are extremely fluid.It's given me a lot of incentive to go back and replay maps.ESPECIALLY TRUE FOR CO-OP - IT'S AWESOME."
,Recommended,235600,13838494,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mindfreak,"Yes it does have uPLay, but it's also a great game! I bought it during the steam sale because I had a blast playing this on my old xbox 360 and I remember putting hours into the multiplayer section of the game (I only stopped because I didn't wanted to pay for a live subscription anymore), now I can play it online for free everyday! (I recomend the clasic spies vs mercs mode, it's a blast!).I played all SC games, and I have to say that this one does justice to the franchise (I know it's hard to get used to the new voice of Sam Fisher). Everyone can play the way they want to. You want to turn this steatlh game into a action TPS? No problem, put on better armor, crank up the guns and shoot away. Wanna play it in a more clasic SC style, being like a ghost? Oooh you should definitely try the perfectionist difficulty, it will require a lot of skill, but it's worth it.Get this game now! I didn't had any problems with uPLay, so there is no reason not to get it! Cheers!"
76561197988082033,Recommended,235600,8613803,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,DJKaboom,"Ubisoft is at it again, and after three years of development, it appears that Splinter Cell has embraced the true stealth genre once more. 2010's 'Conviction,' after three years of launch delays, was Ubisoft Montreal's answer to wanting to appeal to a wider audience, so Sam Fisher was sent in without a light meter nor the ability to perform knockouts, whistle or hide bodies.  Instead it was an action-heavy guns a-blazin' approach, with just enough stealth elements as an attempt to hold on to its core followers.  'Blacklist' has made up for that minor failure and then some, offering up some of the best gameplay, AI and combat mechanics the franchise has seen to date.  Further, the storyline is genuinely engaging and the voice acting is top shelf material, though sadly the voice acting services of the legendary Michael Ironside is missing for the first time in the franchise, strangely replaced by the capable but much younger Eric Johnson.Sam Fisher, as usual, plies his counter-terrorist trade, this time against The Engineers, sending him around the globe.  Sam's base of operations is an airborne military jetliner, from which the player can upgrade his gear, accept side missions from the Echelon 4 team, or pursue the main storyline.  Between all the options, there is plenty of of gameplay to be had from a single player standpoint, with additional multiplayer co-op and merc vs. spy possibilities.Though a bit linear in scope and lacking in memorable villianous character, 'Blacklist' is a welcome return to the Splinter Cell I've known and loved for over a decade.  If you are new to the franchise, pay the older titles a visit; the original 'Splinter Cell' still holds up very well.  I look forward to 'Splinter Cell 7,' slated for a 2015 release.  Or 2016.  Or 2017."
,Not Recommended,235600,9002408,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,patches,"This game is like the most garbage♥♥♥♥♥piece of chocolate with the most succulent piece of nouget you'll ever have in the middle. It has such a good concept for multiplayer and then they just♥♥♥♥♥♥on everything to do with it. You want the ability to swich teams in the middle of a match? ♥♥♥♥ you. You want multiplayer matchmaking that will pair up new players with old? ♥♥♥♥ you. You want a GODDAMN EXIT BUTTON DURING A MULTIPALYER MATCH? ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.The single player is good. Not 60 dollars good. It's alright.But seriously, who buys this for the single? You buy it for that awesome♥♥♥♥♥Mercs vs Spies multi. Be prepared to be utterly frustrated with everything not directly involved with the game.TLDR: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menus, online support, and crash bugs plague a very cool concept in a game I want to like, but just can't."
,Recommended,235600,8661475,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,404 Username not found,"Good game, but you have to use Uplay to open it."
76561198028981151,Not Recommended,235600,26561632,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kampfschlumpf,Just having a checkpoint-system instead of being able to create your own savegames is a joke in a splinter cell game and creates a lot of unnecessary frustration.
76561198051390079,Recommended,235600,17088706,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,ISIS killing simulator 201310/10 would Karambit Fade again
76561198025401428,Not Recommended,235600,9490469,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sjukpensionären,Chances are this game will have some problem on your computer and ubisoft can't give support even if their life depended on it.
,Not Recommended,235600,10489947,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Dad,Saw a dog's succulent hot♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 Pretty Good -IGN
,Recommended,235600,8959315,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,sosa,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this is a good game, squatting in a corner while fattys hunt for you is better than my friday night."
,Recommended,235600,9272564,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Yarfy [BL],Great single player that varies in difficulity depending on how stealthy you want to be. Multiplayer is an absolute blast.
,Recommended,235600,19771171,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DV|| DINNER,The Wizard: wtf are you doing with your lifeThe Wizard: shovel night??The Implication: ♥♥♥♥ you manThe Implication:https://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/gmodhttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/Ahttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/YThe Wizard:https://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/csgobhttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/rredhttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/Ahttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/TheDhttps://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/economy/emoticon/YThe Implication: ♥♥♥♥ THAT GAMEThe Implication has changed their name to The Apprentice.The Wizard is now playing Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Multiplayer. Click here to join.
,Not Recommended,235600,9071279,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Cosmo,"As a generic, cover-based third-person shooter, it's an average game. Think ""Uncharted"" or ""The Last of Us"", except all the exploration, environmental puzzle solving, and character development is stripped out, leaving only the combat.The single-player experience is a series of combat arenas littered with waist-high walls. Each zone punctuated with a resupply cache at every checkpoint. It feels like a compilation of maps meant for the co-op mode of Conviction and it shows. Aside from the story missions, there are several game modes for the missions (no detection, clear the room, and clear the room for X waves).It's arguable that replayability is built in to the maps due to the score attack mechanism which grades you on your performance in non-lethal (Batman), silent lethal (Solid Snake), and noisy (Michael Bay) playstyles. Why a secret agent -- with a history in covert wetwork -- would be rewarded or even commended for kicking down doors and emptying an auto-shotty into a warehouse full of armored goons is beyond me.Once again, the concept of darkness is binary, as it was since Double Agent (PC/360). Due to the large number of enemies with night vision goggles and flashlights or the environments which are lit with dozens of light sources per square foot (many of which are ambient or otherwise indestructable), using shadows -- the original hallmark of the Splinter Cell series -- is pretty much useless, anyway.Stealth is no longer about stalking your prey, waiting for the perfect time to strike from the shadows. Instead, ""stealth"" has devolved to camping at a corner, dangling from an overhead ledge, or just sprinting up behind an enemy (provided you've specced your equipment for maximum stealth) and mashing the kill button. Speaking of overhead ledges, senior citizen Sam Fisher is more nimble and spry than ever before, able to scale the 10-foot high walls of an office building with the ease of a young assassin Ezio Auditore.Haven't bothered with the competitive multiplayer mode, so I can't comment on it.Much like Conviction, this is Splinter Cell in name only. If you must buy, wait for a deep discount. Better yet, just buy an Assassin's Creed title as that's pretty much the direction that this franchise is headed."
76561198014872429,Recommended,235600,9151475,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tran Narius,"Best splinter cell game of the series, I heard some people say it was a bad storyline, but maybe I am more easily impressed than others, because I thought the storyline was relevant and kept me very interested. Best gameplay so far of all the splinter cell games, and I like the whole command post being in an Aeroplane, that you can walk around in and talk, gives that whole Mass Effect feel to it, and I am a big fan of Mass Effect. The gamneplay variety is split into three groups: Ghost, Panther and Combat. Ghost is remaining undetected and knocking out if you have to. Panther is stealth kills, and combat is pure and simple, kill enemies loud and fast. By far one of my favourite stealth/action games to this date. I highly recommend if you are a fan of action games."
,Recommended,235600,8249308,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nekumo,"One of the newer games that I actually enjoyed. While I was disappointed by Conviction and its amount of forced action, I was pleasantly surprised with Blacklist, it kind of felt like I was playing Chaos Theory again. I fancy games with upgrade systems and well shoot this game has one, weapons, weapon upgrades, fancy different colored lights, cool suits. You can play the game any way you want, run in and blast people, stealthily kill people, or even just completely avoid everyone maybe knocking some guys out on the way. Theres quite a few missions you can play cooperatively with a friend or so, as well as there being the reintroduction of the SvM game mode, where Spies have to hack terminals while Mercenaries have to take them out and defend them. Of course its not as glorious as Chaos Theory's was but this game has its own cool things about it. I still prefer the maps and the progression through said maps in Chaos Theory, where as each terminal would unlock the next area and the Spy team would win by hacking all of the terminals. The campaign in this game is actually fun to play through and very interesting, though I do miss Michael Ironside voicing Sam Fisher. Definitely a step up from the unplayable Double Agent and the more actiony Conviction."
,Recommended,235600,8735223,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,☭A Doll Fitler☭,Multiplayer is fun and the Singleplayer is okay. The only problem I had was connecting to other players. Overall it is a great game and if you have friends it will be funner.
,Recommended,235600,27298865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FoxeN,Really nice game its OP and fun blalallalalbalbabballbablalaL EXXXSDEEET
,Recommended,235600,27238614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mofo,GOOD GAME MANY MURDERS
76561198112963113,Not Recommended,235600,10508845,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Devolerx,First off it takes Unisoft to play.The graphics are good(if your computer can handle high settings) but i dislike the actuall game play.
76561198032692656,Not Recommended,235600,10502130,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,"NO, U","MUltiplayer does not work when trying to invite friend to co-op. Normal MP, party find is fine. Still, wouldnt get if ur planning to play with friends."
76561198013318175,Recommended,235600,15763221,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,kosmo501,"Its very fan!!You want to replay every mission at least 20 times(to break your record)!!Gameplay 10/10Sound 8/10 , Music 9/10Control 8/10Enviroment 9/10Realistic AI 8/10Grafics 10/10War reality/AI tactiks 10/10Game strategy 10/10Alternative paths 100/10 !!!!  ;)General score 9,4i want to give 10/10 but the pc version is lower than Xbox or PS.And last the AI location/movements/equipment/strategy must be more random.I love this game ...and pandora tomorow"
76561198142840439,Recommended,235600,16861070,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,dookie,This game made me hate dogs.
,Not Recommended,235600,9284570,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Moriс,Русского языка нет ((
,Recommended,235600,10485154,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,laD,Ricky likes this clever ruse!
76561198065771913,Recommended,235600,10488323,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Day,Put some stuff on a guy and the stuff blew up10 outa ten game of the year 1986
,Recommended,235600,15492594,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,2Mutch,"Great game. Great story line. Stealth is well done and Coop is a blast. Online is what you would expect (i.e. players who are so amazing you can never win & your run of the mill noobs). Only really bad part about online is that you can't leave the match without quitting the game. I like this feature because it discourages rage-quitting but rage-quitting can have its reasons. Overall, I wouldn't buy this game at $40.00 (includes DLC in Deluxe Edition), but I was able to scoop it up for $10 during the Ubisoft sale. Don't buy it if the Deluxe Edition is over $30 unless you really are a hardcore fan. Wait for it to go on sale.(As a sidenote) People keep b*tching about Uplay and how much it sucks and while they're not wrong, it hasn't had any effect on my gameplay (crashing, not starting, etc). If you're avoiding buying this game just because you've read other reviews that say: ""Uplay broke my game"", don't listen to them.Specs:Asus VivoBook V551LB-DB71T Ultrabook15.6"" 1366x768Intel i7 4th gen8 GB RAM1 TB HDDNvidia GeForce 740mhttp://www.notebookcheck.net/Review-Asus-VivoBook-V551LB-DB71T-Ultrabook.99036.0.html"
,Recommended,235600,16613871,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Go Green \//\/,"I absolutely love this game. While my time played may be low here, I played it by other means and have beat it many times over. The Uplay version was broken for me, and that was the version I had before I decided to buy it again on Steam where the multiplayer and online functionality actually worked and it didn't crash on me at all. (I have no idea why Uplay wouldn't let me play multiplayer, or even connect, the game would also crash every 30 minutes on the dot, and Ubisoft's support didn't help in any way). Regardless of all the trouble I went through with it, I still recommend it to anyone who loves stealth games.The story while kind of unoriginal and bland, still held up, and was done quite well. Some characters make their return from previous Splinter Cell games as well.The game is visually stunning, and looks really good when it is cranked all the way up to Ultra settings. It is also optimized quite well, as I can play the game at a decent framerate on an old HD 7850.The sound and voice acting are quite good as well. While I wish they kept the old voice actor from the previous Splinter Cells, the new one actually did quite well and grew on me in the end.The gameplay is a lot like any other Splinter Cell except for in this one, they have 3 different kinds of playstyles that they reward you for. They are Assault, Panther, and Ghost. Assault being gun's blazing kill everyone, and you basically play the game as a 3rd person shooter. While playing it this way isn't exactly my cup of tea, the game does allow you to if you choose to. Ghost is basically the exact opposite of the spectrum, and I actually recommend playing it this way. Trying to figure out guard's routes, and all the different secret nooks and crannies you can hide in or around without being seen is one of most fun ways to play. You are also awarded with more points if you go completely undetected, and  can sneak your way past guards without touching any of them. Lastly, Panther is a combination of both Assault and Ghost where you use stealth, but also kill whoever crosses your path. They did decide to leave in the Mark and Execute from Conviction which is a little annoying, and I think makes parts of the game entirely too easy, but just I chose not to use it throughout my playthrough.The level design is quite good, and even though I wish it was a little more open, there are still multiple ways to complete missions. Most areas have different paths you can take to get around undetected.Overall, I put Blacklist in a close second to Chaos Theory. Everything is done really well, and this game was my favorite game of 2013 when it came out. If you are a fan of stealth games, I think it is a must have. I recommend cranking the difficulty all the way up to Perfectionist, and trying to go through completely unseen. It can be frustratingly difficult this way, but it's not impossible, and in my opinion the most satisfying way to play the game. Definitely recommend to anyone that is a fan of the genre."
,Not Recommended,235600,8645430,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Alekander,"As someone who plays alot of games and enjoys a very hard chalanage in games like this, I decided to first do my single player playthrough in the hardist possible difficulty.This provided the chalange that I usually expect from action games, some hard parts, mostly just regaular difficulty.But then i got on a train.I play hard games all the time. Very difficult games.I enjoy a challange.However while going through the level on the train I got ontop of the train, and had to jump through a window.It takes you through a little animation of you breaking the window, and then several people shoot you instantly.This happensEveryTime.You are shot to death instantly, regardless of how you break through the window or when you do it.You die every timeoverand overand overand over.I have 24 hours of this game logged6 playing with friends6 multiplayer6 perfecting single player missionsand 6 dieingoverand overand overand (you guessed it) over agian.As a AAA game you should really make completing a game on the hardist difficulty actually possible."
76561198048407407,Recommended,235600,10497453,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Dopey,Fantastic Game! Stealth is alot more fun than the full on assualt but it's anyones choice! Good and story-driven.
,Recommended,235600,7753452,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sirian 03,"In my opinion, the best Splinter Cell game to date, has mercs vs spies, a very cool main menu system, and the great gameplay we all expect from a Splinter Cell game."
,Recommended,235600,7773042,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Critzz76,Amazing Splinter cell game one of my favorite of all time
,Recommended,235600,7845585,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Karudo | Mark,"Game : Splinter Cell BlacklistScore : 7/10Summary :Overal Splintercell Blacklist brings back the old feeling Chaos Theory used to have, It's a game where the developers acctualy did their best to bring back that good old feeling of trying to stealth past enemies without being deteced, something that Double Agent lacked in my oppinion. The singleplayer is a nice storyline with a nice extra added feature to upgrade your plane, upgrading this said plane will give you advantages on the battlefield, from better radar to better goggles.Considering i have played every Splinter cell series ever released on PC i think i know what i'm talking about by saying this is probably the best Splinter Cell they have released since Chaos Theory.When it comes to Multiplayer they worked hard to try and get that old feeling back that Chaos Theory used to have, unfortunately i still feels a bit chunky sometimes however i have over 100+ hours in on Multiplayer, i have to say tho, i played it without a proper team, if you have friends that want to play it aswell i can easily imagine you hit the 200+ hours.The Coop is pretty good aswell, although i suggest playing that with a friend aswell on LAN or Teamspeak, it makes the experience so much better!All in all this game surpasses Double Agent and Conviction by far, they really got the old Splinter Cell feeling back and i for one can not wait until they start working/releasing the next one!Good things about Splinter cell Blacklist- A nice new feature to upgrade your plane to make things a bit easyer in Campaign Mode- They smoothened out the upgrading/buying of new gear- Good gameplay, after 5/10 minutes of playing i got the feeling back and it felt like i never left- Versus/Multiplayer is a HUGE step forward and getting close to what Chaos Theory used to be- No significant gamebreaking bugsBad- The launch was a bit bad with Multiplayer not really working although all issues are resolved for me- At the start of Versus you feel overwhelmed by not knowing all the controls- I understand some things change, but i don't like the new voice of Sam Fisher :'( nor that he looks younger!- I hope they release some patches with new maps somethimes ( NOT DLC the game on itself is expensive enough )All in all Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist is a nice addition to the Splinter Cell franshise, if you liked Chaos Theory i suggest you buy this one as well.-Please note this review is written on the base of my oppinion."
,Recommended,235600,11920856,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ovečka |CG|,"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist is a great game for players, who like stealth games and low-profile style. In this game, you have to defeat the group that calls themselfs ""The Engineers"". You can choose your gamestyle for this game. You can play those playstyles:""Ghost"" (Most efective for money and points; Leave hostiles undisturbed and knock them out by non-lethal activities; total stealth)""Panther"" (Easiest playstyle; Stealthly and lethally defeat hostiles and evade them; Half-stealth)""Assault"" (When your tries for Ghost or Panther goes to hell, you should turn to Assault playstyle; The worst playstyle if you want money; Neutralize hostiles in an open fight; Non-stealth)Basic story [spoiler warning]A group that calls themselfs ""The Engineers"" have a programe ""The Blacklist"". People of ""The Blacklist"" attack every week one symbol of the USA. They have got only one requirement: The soldiers of the USA are in 73 states of the world. The leader of the Engineers, Majid Sadig from Iran, wants them home. BUT, he doesn't know about Sam Fisher and that he was at the first attack of the Engineers at Air Force in Guam. His friend, Vic' Coste was hurt in there by a grenade and now he is fighting for his life in a hospital in New York. Well, Sadig made Sam angry. And angry Sam Fisher, that ain't good :DPositives- You can choose a playstyle by yourself- Plenty of weapons- Playtime is very long- Main and alternative missions- You can upgrade Paladin (HQ of Sam Fisher's group)- Not too much of necessary buttons- Graphics- Game doesn't fall down- 4 game difficulties- multiplayer is easy to play and startNegatives- One save file- Long game starting- Extremely hard last mission :DMy point of viewI think that this is the best game of year 2013. I play it at Profesionalist difficulty and it is really great. The style of story is original and also funny (the funniest mission is the first after the prologue, I think)."
76561198077025018,Recommended,235600,13572820,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,Splinter Cell took a left turn and wound up here with a new voice actor for Sam and a hybrid of gameplay from all of the past titles.In mine and my brother-in-law's opinion it is our favorite Splinter Cell game. The amount of customization options adds a ridiculous amount of tactics to approach any situation the way you want.Highly recommended for fans of Splinter Cell and of the tactical stealth third-person shooter.9.5/10
76561198145004060,Recommended,235600,14039638,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,K'9999,the SP and coop are amzing and funny but the multiplayer isnt that good
76561198031214978,Recommended,235600,14627853,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Red5fly,"Okay, so the Single-Player campaign is pretty fun, and challenging if you wanna execute every mission  perfectly. The story is a bit bland and generic, but it offers the missions prertty clearly. But this game still has major flaws. Firstly, Uplay is absolutely horrible, and useless, multi-player doesen't work with half the players, the game just randomly crashes to desktop without any warning and such. Ubisoft, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥ together, you already have enough money, stop milking it out."
,Recommended,235600,15240057,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,★ Xtar ★,"One of the best ""stealth"" games out their in my opinion, in co-op this game is awsome, double players = double fun11/10"
,Recommended,235600,15152364,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,電玩勇者Nep_K,这游戏不好我吃翔！刚开始我也是因为育碧一直犹豫要不要买，但是育碧大打折我忍不住了。。。开始我也觉得因为育碧感觉买错了，而且一开始就被育碧的登陆坑个半死= =后来才知道是自己密码记错了。。育碧其实很好，就是优化和Uplay恶心了点（当然，这游戏除外），其他的都还不错，特别是客服，很耐心~游戏也很棒（费叔帅爆），至少我爱上这游戏了，你们自己看看要不要买吧
76561198006654684,Recommended,235600,12811102,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pickles647,Like the game but uplay completely ruins it
,Recommended,235600,12600565,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,AlHudson,"Awesome game for an awesome franchise.I'm not the type of 100% stealth guy, just like first 2 thief games, but I enjoy some stealth tactics, mixed with some action. (Obviously this is not COD, BF or Quake)Blacklist is an improvement over past Splinter Cell: Conviction (don't forget that Conviction is really good)What can I say about Blacklist?a) You can play it, just like you want (Avoid all enemies, kill all or some quietly or full action)b) Awesome graphicsc) Different characters to play (Even some missions have FPS perspective)d) Cooperativee) Long campaignf) Maps are in different locationsg) Great voice actingSplinter Cell: Blacklist a must in everyone action fan collection."
76561198079664763,Recommended,235600,10910326,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,You,Played all SC gamesI recommend Blacklist to fans that liked SC conviction because the gameplay of Blacklist is pretty close to it.BUT : SC Blacklist is (in my opinion) doing everything right what Conviction did wrong.Good stealth posibilities without turning your screen black/white!!Good story line.Great multiplayer THAT ACTUALLY WORKS!Good customisation options.Great graphicsAnd a  good overall playfeeling8/10 would buy it again!
,Recommended,235600,10892790,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,♥Antsu♥,I stopped following the story and just enjoy shooting terrorists in the face.Basicelly batman with guns.
,Recommended,235600,10934895,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Von Cena,I reccomend this game if you like Keldrona walking into mines.
76561198053295822,Recommended,235600,10972496,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KING ♛ ℘urple ℜush,very fun game in single player and in multiplayer. alot of stealth
,Recommended,235600,12712898,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Blaze,"Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Blacklist Review:This game a stealth focused Third person shooter.If you dont like stealth dont buy this game.Story:  8Graphics: 8Gameplay: 9Overall: 8.5 ""great game"".The singleplayer is amazing, realy fun and lets you play as you want, be stealthy or rush in exploding everything you see.The coop is realy good, Alot of missions that focus on the Coop Gameplay.The Spies VS Mercs though. It Has two sides.First side is : Its great, nice consept, realy fun and enjoyeble.Second Side: Knife IS OP. The knife physics are stupid. COD like. You might get 5 body shots and still kill with the knife.Thats not always but it ♥♥♥♥s up the game.Buy This Game?Yes, If your'e friends buy it too.And for a small discount. Cuz 30 bucks is waaay to much for me ^^"
76561198021135983,Recommended,235600,10804417,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RyuRen,"Lovely game. And that's coming from a guy that doesn't really like all that sneaky stuff. The pacing is just really good, enjoy it a lot!"
,Recommended,235600,10901576,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kuore,"IGN: ""Splinter Cell is back on the right shadowy track. ""  Me: ""Yep, that's true."""
,Recommended,235600,4111636,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Пux Пax Tpуп Hax,Игра просто супер!!!! UBISOFT как всегда на высоте!
,Recommended,235600,7892271,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Swiftyy,BEST STEALTH IN THE WORLD OF STEAM/EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,8242509,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SGTTURK,Blam Blam!
76561198061072385,Recommended,235600,8306611,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JoKeR,Probably the best game out there for the money. It's a must have.
76561198107480485,Recommended,235600,9958185,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[Exterminator] superguy798,Fun though I really suck at this game.
,Recommended,235600,9197354,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Vitamin Dee,Just like a one night stand. Fun for the first 5 minutes then get's old.
,Recommended,235600,12782085,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ziadoz,"Ubisoft are brilliant at running beloved franchises into the ground and they did exactly that with Splinter Cell. Everything after Chaos Theory is best forgotten, preferably using large quantities of alcohol.Yes, Blacklist still has Conviction’s shooty-shooty bang-bang gameplay, but it’s fun shooty-shooty bang-bang gameplay and it works nicely alongside the newly returned sneaky-sneaky knife-knife gameplay.Throw in Spies vs Mercs and a brilliant co-op mode and this game almost deserves the Splinter Cell name. Almost."
,Recommended,235600,15601609,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,covactanks,stealth would of been easier if Fisher was black
76561198129694266,Recommended,235600,26756902,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DaBorneLaser,best stealth game of 2013 easily and best linear modern military stealth game yet even as of 2016. 9.5/10 cause its a little generic at times
76561198040851670,Not Recommended,235600,7892305,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lullabies,One reason to avoid it until big discount: the cover system.
76561198003868420,Not Recommended,235600,7966601,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,viPeRlwK,Got the deluxe edition and the DLC during the Steam Sales. Now having a big pain unable to launch either version.Not recommeneded unless you want to be a stuck with a game that you want to play but yet keep having error launching it.
76561198054217503,Recommended,235600,14950054,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,CiLoMoS,I LIKE THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,235600,26355955,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YFY,HOW CAN LOG IN MY UPLAY ACCOUNT!!!!!
76561198048007142,Recommended,235600,11813756,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Mr. Lonely,"Blacklist, the game where you have the super natural ability to aim with one hand, being able to pull off a headshot, and with the other hand, mainting your grip over a ledge. 10/10 would hang again."
76561198063646005,Not Recommended,235600,9565428,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Daedalus,"DOES NOT WORK SCREWED UP MY UBISOFT ACCOUNT LOST ALL MY ASSASSINS CREED GAMES CAN NOT GET IN TO ACCOUNT AS STATES WRONG E-MAIL ADDRESS THEY PUT IN AN E-MAIL ADDRESS THAT AS  NEVER EXISTED. WHEN i got into the game all that could go wrong went wrong it freezes, lags, button response slow, can not control with toggle buttons over responding, tried downloading patches told me game does not exist on my computer. how do I get my money back."
,Recommended,235600,8271289,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dr. Dank Nachos,"Fantastic level design, polished stealth and fun gadgets make for a great experience. The only weak point to the game in my honest opinion is the storyline which could have been way better.The game also has a series of coop missions which happen to be rather lengthy, require a lot of coordination and skill. You can choose between 3 different playstyles depending on what suits you best.Multiplayer packs a good bit of fun with its returning gamemode from Chaos Theory: Spies Vs Mercs in which spies playing in 3rd person have to hack terminals in order to win while 1st person mercs loaded with heavy gear have to prevent them from doing so."
76561198014097607,Recommended,235600,8683852,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Schizm,very fun if you like stealth games
,Recommended,235600,8680636,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TKFalcon,"Another great game fromthe serie ""Splinter Cell"". For thoses who love stealth-action .Great graphic, good storyline, New system but the sam old Sam Fisher. Three words said it all  ''Just-Buy-It''"
76561198194741062,Recommended,235600,29057782,Posted: 6 January,all,Zedong Mao,9/11 good gameadd me for co op plsim lonely ;(
76561198077174308,Recommended,235600,11110991,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Socks,this games awesome
76561198079606055,Recommended,235600,11246661,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,?????,"YESSSSSSS.  Im just glad I finnally found one that I could use with the Xbox 360 controller (wireless).It's even better than the first original game.I love the difficulty, because it's really hard to find an action game that I cant beat, and even on the lightest difficulty you can be eradicated on this game if you dont utilize both the mental and physical aspects of being succesful in completing stages.Cant wait to play co-op with a buddy, and Im will patiently wait to see how this game improves....My advice (not pertaining to other titles; only blacklist) keep the game in this format and just focus on graphics, additional in-game new features such as new take down moves, weapons or stealth moves while added to the mission layout with more levelsLook I just made it that much easier for all software engineers involve...I rate this game also a 10 out of 10System.out.print(""Its everything I wanted and feels like a Metal Gear Solid, Splinter Cell hy-brid"")"
76561198138054582,Not Recommended,235600,11942381,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Leftstroke,"Ok so this review is not about the gameplay, Ok so anyways i bought this game on the Steam Summer sale about two months ago....What a waste Uplay needed me to sign in and use my account so they they ''emailed'' me the code...i go to check i haven't got a single email,code etc so i am not able to play if anyone can respond that would be great! i hope uplay stops there god damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t anyways... thanks to anyone if you help...-Tactical_Ninja!"
,Recommended,235600,12932570,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,IMMIGRATION-Your Trusted Hacker-,"Two words""♥♥♥♥EN EPIC"""
,Recommended,235600,18053268,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,wa'ann,VERY GUD GAM
,Recommended,235600,17665601,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,perry :D,One of the best splinter cell games!
,Recommended,235600,10550685,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,OMGWTFSRSLY©,is it on sale? Go buy it!
,Recommended,235600,3294984,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Black_Marco,"Jogo piroca das galaxias. Ubisoft conseguiu, chupa Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,235600,9211203,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Nightwalker,"Splinter cell blacklist is a very nice game. I did not encounter any bugs or glitches. The campaign is just outstanding, although it was a bit too short in my opinion.9/10"
,Recommended,235600,32621883,Posted: 21 June,all,Silly,One of the best stealth games out there.
,Recommended,235600,10772310,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MattRock93,"Been on menu for 7 minutes, so far so gud10/9"
,Recommended,235600,8168643,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rozzy,"Yep, it's awesome."
,Recommended,235600,22278598,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,-\/G- Zelus Renardii | Hotline,Hillary clinton is president in this game. 10/10 good reason to make people attack us
,Recommended,235600,13191411,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Yuhoo,"My review for Metal Gear Solid 4.5 The Splinter Glitch.In the latest installment of the ""Gears of Metal"" sereis you ditch the lameass character Solid Snake for the new guy Mr. Splinter Cell. Being the last man in your agency you blast your way through hoardes of enemies in this non stop action game. Its insane the amount of sheer explosions there are, its like micheal bays wet dream. Be warned pansy♥♥♥♥♥stealth fans, this game is like ""Just Cause with guns"" being an off the rails sidescrolling shootem up with a in depth story and amazing uplay action.Seriously though, its a good game, get it."
76561198056084630,Recommended,235600,15393288,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David Spade,is good
76561197971811461,Recommended,235600,17611634,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Lemmingbomb,"I rather liked this. Splinter Cell is still on top in terms of the stealth games. Plenty of content and replayability here,"
,Not Recommended,235600,7984488,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"For a precision stealth game to be good, it must be consistant.  Enemies must behave realistically, but predictably on repeat runthroughs.  A tactic that works once on a section of a level must be repeatable.  This is where Blacklist fell apart for me.  I'd have a great strategy for getting through a level, and I'd be figuring the last part of it out when all of a sudden the patrol routes for the first 3/4 of the level change, and my tactics for getting to that final part are ineffective.  This would be a great feature if you wanted to play ""remixes"" of the levels and be forced to try new approaches, but it quickly becomes frustrating when you're close to finishing a level only to have it change on your next attempt.Aside from that, the story seems generic and boring, the enemies are hypersensitive, and it's more tedious than exciting most of the time.  Wouldn't hurt to try it if you see it cheap, otherwise check out Mark of The Ninja or Dishonored for a rewarding stealth experience."
,Recommended,235600,10965345,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Burnt Toast,How do u get tokens online ???
,Recommended,235600,10929362,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,trubie,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,235600,10907133,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sessh,"i personally feel the game is closer to the gameplay back in chaos theory and pandora tomorrow, i throughly enjoyed the campaign.the multiplayer is jsut as much fun, balanced enough that each team can overcome the oposition."
,Recommended,235600,10861945,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vaks,One of the best games i ever played.A new Splinter Cell tittle is needed (This game is to good to stop it)
76561198049001441,Recommended,235600,16659630,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SaberToothButterfly,"Super fun stealth game, with a lot of customization available. The best part is the co-op, which reminds me of Chaos Theory, and it's always fun to play with another person"
,Recommended,235600,23261449,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Playboi Carti,"Buy it, stop reading reviews"
,Recommended,235600,11109353,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,maxlowry123,I like this game.
76561198091712232,Recommended,235600,12575475,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,☣SilentMojo☣,VERY COOL GAME <3
,Recommended,235600,24351337,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Blackman,this game is racist because all you do is kill mexicans 10/10
76561198085185252,Recommended,235600,10773466,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Scary Cow,"Having played a sufficent ammount to reveiw this game, (a mistake I made with stalker clear sky) I can safetly say that it is awesome! I should probably say that this reveiw is only about the campagin, not co-op or ""Spies vs. Mercs"" (Multiplayer). I have played a few stealth games, such as far cry 3, and the Arkham Games (i hope i'm spelling that right), but I am not a super stealth master. That being said this game is hard as F***ing nails. The AI is smart, you arent a bullet spounge and ammo is scarce. There are quite a few gadgets and toys you can unlock to f*** with your enemies, such as the noise maker, the smoke bomb, the tri-rotor, and my favorite, the sticky camera. There are a few problems with the game, the main one being the cover system. In my opinion it sucks total♥♥♥♥♥and has made me rage quit more than once. The default keys are q to enter cover and space to jump out. The problem is that it seems to always think you are pressing space when you are pressing q. There are a few minor bugs, but it was mostly bug free. The game play is brutal and satisfying if you go down the assassin route, and tense and slow if you go down the ghost route (you dont kill anyone and don't alert gaurds). I really don't like going down the tank route because its just sorta boring if you do cause you don't have action game ammo or health, so it seems a bit pointless and unfair. Overall I would give this game and 8.5/10. A great game with a few minor issues that sometimes affect gameplay, and a pointless play style."
76561197995179552,Recommended,235600,16517555,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tonybuttface,"Absolutely the greatest stealth game in the history of gaming. Coop is superb, so many options and roads to take on how you play your character in singleplayer. I would suspect myself to be upset that i bought this game at full price and it is now half price in the market. But Ubisoft deserve the money i spent on this because it was damn well worth it! DLC's however are rather disapointing. I felt that i was paying for new weapons even though they were much worse than the default weapons that you can unlock for a few thousand dollars. However, the DLC maps are outstandingly made!If Ubisoft does make another i would please recommend them to make it just like this of course with new ideas and story. But i honestly disapointed if the franchise changed back to the conviction gameplay.. :(STEALTH 10/10ASSAULT COMBAT 8/10STORY 9/10CHARACTERS 9/10GAME 10/10Uplay 1/10 :( Sorry Uplay.."
76561198150248222,Recommended,235600,17090281,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,"One of my favourite games of all time.The story is great, the ammo balance is spot on... and I've always have wanted to be a shadow, this game allowed me to do just that.10/10 (I ussually don't give games a 10/10 - if you need to download some ubisoft/rockstar game BS, but this is a really great game) - really fun in co-op mode with a friend."
,Not Recommended,235600,9134635,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dibzahab,"This isn't a bad game, per se, but it is terribly disappointing to me.  Conviction, its predecessor, was absolutely amazing and I therefore had very high hopes for Blacklist.  Where Conviction had a complete single-player campaign along with a variety of co-op missions that could be played solo, Blacklist has a whole bunch of co-op stuff mixed into the solo campaign;  I despise being unable to complete missions, unlock gear, etc in the solo campaign without doing online stuff.  The levels inside the campaign also feature a lot of co-op only stuff - doors, passages, and more that can't be done in a solo game.  Worse still, some of the unlocks require playing an iPhone/Android game and synching it with your Uplay account.  Honestly, doesn't UBI already have enough of my information without resorting to installing spyware on my phone?In terms of actual gameplay, the game again suffers compared with its predecessor.  Nearly every enemy on every map in every difficulty is wearing a magic helmet that can somehow prevent all damage from a supersonic 7.62.  Seriously, you pop them in the head and they just turn around to see how shot them.  It absolutely ruins the mark & execute mechanic (armored targets don't die to the execution), and takes a huge amount of fun out of the game for me.  It simply should not be safer to enter melee combat with an enemy than to cap his head with a firearm.  I suspect the developers were trying to appease the crowd that whined about Conviction being too easy and ended up producing something that appeals to neither camp.I'll possibly continue playing long enough to finish the game, especially if I find a co-op partner, but I'm really disappointed in the game and the direction of the franchise in general."
,Recommended,235600,10917404,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,larphe,very nice
76561198008779281,Not Recommended,235600,7944752,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Morbidraven,The single player has good story but gets rather dull quick and the multiplayer aspect is good fun but sadly overrun with aimbotters.
,Recommended,235600,17427697,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,NARUTO SASUKE ninjaswap.com,"10/10 another amazing Tom Clancy game :) the stealth aspect is easy to learn and fun to use, reulting in a good gaming experience....However, using a silenced sniper does make the game alot easier, so if you want a challenge then use another gun than the sniper ;)"
76561198172895329,Recommended,235600,23833126,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,taoin123,one of the best game in the stealth genre
,Recommended,235600,24206616,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,็ ็,"Good game, Stealth, Stealthy Combat, Full Combat and a variety of highly replayable missions.8/10-Plot 9/10-Graphics 8/10-Controls 9/10-Glitches 10/10 (Very impressed by the lack)-Originality 8/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,26544599,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ASSARTOSE,"Press ""Q"" near cover and wait till enemy will come closer then press ""E"". The only good tactic in this game.IN the end it's getting stupidly frustrating:""Lets put 10 enemies on 20 square meters It's stealth yeah!""And the story? It's so dumb and overused, and the cutscenes are so ""classical"" for nowaday games, so I've stopped to care after 1st 20 minutes.Game is boring. 8 hours on campaing(ended on realistic) was too much for me. Never gonna play splinter cell again.Note bene: I actually LOL'ed when saw ""1 hour till terrorists attack american freedom"" on the screen in the plane. O-M-G"
,Recommended,235600,18360825,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TheAlexTDB,"Great Game, Great Quality... Really appreciate the fact there is nothing sexual in this game, and I love the Spy's VS Mercs Gameplay!"
,Recommended,235600,28137237,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DaPompousWiz,Didn't match Conviction's Fisher. Nothing can match Conviction's Fisher8 of 8 m8.
,Recommended,235600,34783148,Posted: 6 September,all,iiMAGNETii,"At first, I didn't like it because it wouldn't install.  I was so upset but then when I reinstalled Uplay and added my game to the list, it started to work.I really love Tom Clancey games and Splinter Cell Blacklist is awesome.  I only wish I had more friends that played and it would be cool if they would purchase the game while it's on sale so we can do some co-op missions.I love this game plus the characters are handsome (for a change)Rock on!"
76561198073182397,Recommended,235600,26082533,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[H8ME] Method,Pros:gameplay mechanics are great and fun to usevery addictinglooks prettyassortment of weapons & gadgets allow for many different battle stylesAI is mildly intellegentcons:storycharacters
76561198052466688,Recommended,235600,10761101,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tallin,"Absolutely fantastic game.  I am not that into multiplay so all of my time was spent on solo play.  I actually had a blast trying to achieve perfect ratings (Gold Stars) in the 3 different playstyles (Ghost, Panther and Assault).  I played through the game to the end and then went back to try and get the Gold Stars. I learned that even knowing what was coming did not in this game take anything away from the fun of trying, knowing is not the same as being able to do. The game has challenging single player mode objectives and I am sure the multiplay is pretty good if your into that."
76561198017086811,Recommended,235600,10681413,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Souphak,WARNING!!!Apparently the deluxe version and regular are considered 2 DIFFERENT games and you will not be able to play with a friend who has a different version than you. Had to learn that the hard way.
76561198000326132,Not Recommended,235600,28776638,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Prongthree,"The game's cover and parkour system is coarse, control inputs are frequently misinterpreted, and the game uses a checkpoint system rather than a quicksave system. In conjunction, you're going to be left shouting at your computer while Sam climbs up over ledges directly in front of an approaching squad, grabs a rifle off the ground instead of picking up a body to move, runs up a fence instead of taking cover behind a wall, etc, etc, etc.Go play Deus Ex, instead."
,Recommended,235600,26267972,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,梦落梵天,降价入的，无限闪退停止运行。很好，您可能是正版游戏的受害者。
76561198044470890,Recommended,235600,10709095,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Seal Dick,Delicious
76561198003357089,Not Recommended,235600,23212178,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ballefjång,Don't buy if you want to play co-op with your friend(s)!Chances are it won't work. Me and my friend can play with randoms but not with each other.I wish I had looked in to this before I bought it because it turns out there are thousands of people with the same problem.Fortunately I only spent 4.99 euros.
76561198157590256,Recommended,235600,32691339,Posted: 23 June,all,4RK4NE_KN1GHT,Only complain is the lack of players in MP
,Recommended,235600,32751464,Posted: 24 June,all,Lady Wallace,Throw back to splinter cell chaos theory style gaming. Still can't beat the originals but I've spent hours enjoying this and seem it a suitable sequel for the franchise.
,Recommended,235600,34740543,Posted: 4 September,all,SkYHawK 2600,"So every Splinter Cell game is on sale, which means they are pretty close to releasing a new one.Get it while you can on sale, so you can play new one later...PS: Multiplayer is down, so don't expect to play it with your friend."
,Recommended,235600,34755835,Posted: 5 September,all,Dirkster,"Sam Fisher is at it again. Tip-toe around all sneaky beaky like crackin necks, or who knows maybe you're a run and gun type of player. Either way game is quite challenging and fun. PvP isnt as good as double agent but who even plays pvp anyways? 70% off today? this is a steal."
,Not Recommended,235600,34830094,Posted: 8 September,all,PhenomenalNikzilla,Cannot even play the game because UPlay doesn't. I bought the deluxe edition and now i can't play the game. Either I wan't a game or a refund.
,Not Recommended,235600,26290789,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,♠ Happy Saint ♣,"when i reach a stage,the programmes automatically NOT RESPONDING,it forces me to close it and redo the mission but still stuck at that stage,it stuck at stage that needs saving"
,Recommended,235600,13326875,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Lord King,great game with cool online modes
76561197992192915,Not Recommended,235600,8846150,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,griblik,"Nice game, should be a good follow-on to the series, but unfortunately uplay doesn't appear to recognise the game when an invite is sent to a friend, so co-op is only possible with random strangers. Not really what I was hoping for."
76561198042616173,Not Recommended,235600,34850737,Posted: 9 September,all,cyrocrystal,"I loved all the previous splinter cell entries, I thought they were great games and the mechanics were sound. But the coop in this game is dead, which is only a problem because they built coop into the side missions of the main game. There are literally areas in levels that you cannot go into unless you have a parter, so there are areas that I will never see. On top of that, I would argue that the gear mechanics are unnecessary, and don't add anything to the game. (you buy gear in this one, instead of being given it, because it's not like America has a massive military budget to buy you facy gear, ya know.)But in addition to that, this game managed to make a fun series frustrating by the simple mistake of making the save system checkpoint based instead of based off manual saving. That only works in Arkham style games because they save roughly every minute and a half even if you don't complete an objective, and because those games aren't primarily stealth based. Having to redo an enire section (or entire side mission because those are meant to be coop and for some reason have no checkpoints even in single player), because you were seen, isn't fun.It pains me to say that I wouldn't recommend this game, because the level design is neat, the story isn't bad, and I do think that it had potential once. But I bought Splinter Cell Chaos Theory right before this, and after coming from that game to this one, it just isn't a comparison. All the little problems add up to make me say:""There are better games in this series and the genre for a better price.""Go play any one of the Dishonored, Deus Ex, original Thief trilogy, or old Splinter Cell games instead of this one. You'll have more fun, and they're cheaper."
,Recommended,235600,18460229,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Rasmus,Co-Op In this game is almost as annoying as cancerMatter of fact i would rather get cancer then try to play co-op in this gameSingle Player is good though kappa
,Recommended,235600,824056,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Yawnstar,"Behind the new coat of paint and a new Sam Fisher, Blacklist represents a return to form for the series. It doesn’t revolutionize Splinter Cell, but it manages a sharp trifecta of achievements — it’s open to new players, accessible to players from the series' major departure installment and a welcome invitation back to series regulars who missed the stealth focus that peaked with Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. Blacklist refines what came before and makes for a great new beginning for the series."
,Recommended,235600,26284308,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sir.Order,just need 7 hrs to end this game
,Not Recommended,235600,2290123,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Sarda,5.5/10 Campaign is a boring buddy cop movie staring secret agents. Coop is basically the only reason to bother playing this.
76561198162415372,Recommended,235600,20334381,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,kaypontbee,"I recommend this simply because it is Splinter Cell after all with a few ""but""s.(Confession due: I left out _all_ other parts inbetween the original and this....)So. The character of Sam changed to something I don't really like. The gameplay is almost the same, the story is, well, your usual ""terrorist super genious wants NWO""... Graphics are good, game runs smooth, no crashes... I played it after Max Payne 3 and it was hard to get into (the last boyscout character was miles better than this über soldier one).Anyway, not as stealthy as I thought it to be, not as long as I hoped for and the story is very ""mainstream""."
76561198108104820,Recommended,235600,32208184,Posted: 5 June,all,Aghyad,Definitely one of the best stealth games that I have ever played!Recommended!
,Not Recommended,235600,20544803,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CatchyUsername,Uplay alert. I couldn't even play the game when I first got it thanks to uplay
,Not Recommended,235600,25275208,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Master of Disguise,The game has become overwhelmed and fattened with hackers.
,Not Recommended,235600,34891965,Posted: 11 September,all,Com.NeverKnight,Game is worth only if bought on sale
76561198027825541,Not Recommended,235600,34910030,Posted: 12 September,all,Fuzzyassassout87,"Do not buy for any reason, Is a fantastic game... on console. But the Pc port is in more of an unplayable state than a wet napkin."
,Not Recommended,235600,35158787,Posted: 23 September,all,gonzo,Game breaking save file issues. Your old game saves will be gone. The only solution is to literally source the game through unofficial means in order for uPlay to not just nuke your save files. Ubisoft knows and doens't care. Will no longer purchase Ubisoft products again.
,Not Recommended,235600,34904285,Posted: 12 September,all,lifeinhand1986,Ubisoft please stop ruin my favorite game
,Recommended,235600,30895134,Posted: 2 April,all,cRITERIOn™,probably the best stealth game ever
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,235600,8936684,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AlexMBrennan,"Passable stealth, but the gratuitous parcour sequences really stand out by highlighting just how inadequate the parcour controls  are compared to the Assassin's Creed games they are clearly copying."
,Not Recommended,235600,10823252,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"Not even close to the best Splinter Cell game in the series though it's a step in the right direction. As someone who likes playing these games on the highest difficulty, this game is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t problems and cheap mechanics.Regardless of what difficulty you're on, if you're in pitch blackness, you should NOT be seen by the enemy. The enemies in Blacklist have Godlike sight and will see you from a mile away and it takes all of the fun out of playing the game on a higher difficulty.The story is rubbish, the characters are boring and voice acted with no enthusiasm. At the very least, it does look quite nice, but then that's hardly a reason to buy it alone."
76561198099050588,Recommended,235600,12725726,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Psython,great concept.
,Recommended,235600,21230896,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jukemaster2,Really good sneaking mechanics and Co-Op missions are brilliant. I would like to have more co-op missions
,Recommended,235600,21307122,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Hellhog,"Overall I enjoyed my time playing the game. However as a Splinter Cell fan since day one I felt let down. The voice actor change probably left the biggest dissapointment for me, especially knowing Michael Ironside supposedly coached the new actor. Somehow every game as Sam gets older, he gets buffer and more agile. I wished at this point they did a batman beyond thing and just had a new splinter cell be the main character, like briggs. As with conviction, parts of the story are impossible to do 100% stealth although I tried very much on perfectionist to hand to hand kill only without getting detected. The story itself isn't bad but doesn't leave a sense of urgency for what's actually happening. Most of that is done through calling your daughter which feels weird considering both actors sound to be the same age. They nicely took from Conviction though and improved upon its faults gameplay wise and took on a more Double Agent (next gen version) style of knowing if you are hidden or not, basically no more color desaturation.Co-op itself was very fun for the most part. The briggs missions started and ended fun but some missions seemed near impossible to stealth or literally were impossible to stealth, especially with the highly annoying re-addition of dogs since I believe Pandorra Tomorrow. The briggs missions also were the only story based co-op missions. The 3 others were very much like deniable ops from conviction. Charlie missions are wave based and after doing one for the full 20 rounds with loud weapons, my friend and me decided we did not enjoy them whatsoever. Kobin missions did give the more classic splinter cell vibe and can be compared to hunter missions in conviction. Grimm missions were also quite fun as they were similar to infiltration from conviction with a mix of added objectives.Multiplayer is back in its true form. I've not actaully touched on mutiplayer in the PC version too much but I did play it considerably on console. At this point if you are just getting into the game, you may want to play with only friends or else you will find yourself unable to do much as the learning curve has always been high with SvM. I found that the new SvM blacklist mode to be the best of them all giving you 4 mercs vs 4 spys and having to try and hack 3 terminals. Unlike Double Agent, you dont actually need to maintain presence at the terminal, just in the region. There is a throwback mode to Chaos Theory/Pandora Tomorrow which is 2v2 Classic. I didn't actually enjoy it too much considering how much I played Chaos Thoery SvM. There's nothing wrong with it, it plays quite well but I found myself liking the 4v4 mode with new stuff more. There are also other modes which combine spies and mercs on one team however they just don't feel that much fun to play even though I liked the old gen SvS in Double Agent. The addition of loadouts added a much new feel to SvM. I personally liked it because it gives you more ways to counter the opposition. If you dont like that though, the Classic mode will be perfect as it limits loadouts.Overall I do recommend this game because it is fun and well put together, but at this point its only worth getting if you desperately want the story or have a friend to play co-op with. If you've never played a Splinter Cell game before, then I think it is a great game to get into as there isn't really any expectations. Getting it for multiplayer is questionable as the community is small and learning curve high with most people playing max level now."
,Recommended,235600,8588813,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Cakestrike,"9/10.Pros:- Awesome Graphics- A very well told Story- Great player choice- Good Controls- The Difficulties are perfectly balanced- Countless hours of fun thanks to Coop and MultiplayerCons:- Hard to find a full Game in Multiplayer- Badly optimized for PCConclusion:I would recommend this Game, even for 49.99 €"
,Recommended,235600,14901092,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,bwZ_svK^,"""Fisher is a king"" 10/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,24747143,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,sрy,"they should have dropped the ""splinter cell"" part of the game name and just made new characters"
,Recommended,235600,13190672,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,versus,buy this now
,Recommended,235600,13920121,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,8th | MaquilingskiSwifty,"I have finished the Story so time for the reviewNothing much to sayIt feels like the same with Splinter Cell Conviction, only with new gadgets, weapons, etcYou can play it however you want, Loud or SilentThe Silent lethal takedown is fun....The Spies vs Mercs PVPSo many hackers, not hackers in game but cheaters everywhere"
,Recommended,235600,35258964,Posted: 28 September,all,FapHands,haha what a joke
76561198159953758,Not Recommended,235600,26288629,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,God Emperor Vladimir,I would tolerate uplay if game was fun.but refund works
,Recommended,235600,30653309,Posted: 21 March,all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,0/10 no fish to be fished
,Recommended,235600,8933700,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Monopoly Man,Love this game..Just like conviction it offers alot of action and challenges forcing you to become Sam Fisher using your instincts and wits you have to servey your area mark and execute your targets and remain silent while doing it..i suggest you pick up conviction along side this one so you can get a kinda feel for the story but other than that i hope you enjoy as much as i do
,Not Recommended,235600,17388523,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tommystig21,"Actually it is a good game... just because the stealth is back again and you can choose to kill or not all enemies.pro--stealth is back!!!-good playtime-various and large levels (campaign)cons--mission: only the campaign is just 25% of the game itself-waaaaaay to much coop: 75% of missions are for coop...yes you can finish them in solo (most of them) but all the levels are designed for coop...-uplay: i dont know how to say it... i cannot play it anymore because uplay says i have to re-enter my password and i did, again and again and now the game is blocked... i remember my ♥♥♥♥ing password, offcourse i do. I read a lot of things like this with uplay, and it happened with Far cry 3... I've never finished far cry and I will never finish splineter cell blacklist...end of the story"
76561198102659222,Not Recommended,235600,15015885,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ijk_abc,I have blackscreen for 2953hrs. Do not buy
76561198030459785,Recommended,235600,10436555,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ItsHighNoot,"This game is extremely misleading. I expected a list of black people to invite to a party. Instead i get a game with stealth tactics. Also i didnt get any splinters playing this game. was i supposed to play it on a wooden deck? i dont get it. anyway this game does have some good things. I had a lot of fun sneaking around like a sneaky slithering p*nis snake and then molesting I MEAN assassinating people. Also shooting people in the d*ck when they least expect it is pretty fun too, they're all like ""OMFG SOMEONE SHOT MY D*CK OFF MAN OOOOOOAOAOAAHWHWWH JASUS CHREEST"" and then die from d*ck blood loss. and when someone notices that someone got shot in the d*ck then it gets spicy like a taco bell sheet. thats when i pull out my full auto ak47 and im like "" BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM IMA GET ALL YO D*CKS!!!"" then everyone drops from d*ck blood loss. Sometimes there are juggernauts and those can be tricky. The tricks to get these tricky d*ckies is to either stick a sticky d*ck bomb right on their d*cks or shoot them in the d*ck with a grenade launcher. I suppose you could just stick a knife in his a*shole but i mean whats the fun in that? exactly, NO EXPLOSIONS. (this review was written entirely for comedy purposes)"
,Not Recommended,235600,11127716,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,「東亜」ポプ子社長,"*** Another Uplay DRM Garbage. This review is about Uplay (Yes, ONCE AGAIN, UPLAY), not the game. If you want to read the review of the game, then look somewhere else ***Yes, look at my playing time. I did not really play a lot, did I? Well, that's because UPLAY DOES NOT LET ME PLAY. You can check out my old review which is about the Uplay on Far Cry 3, and well, I played FC3 on PS3 and the game is decent. But UPLAY IS JUST GARBAGE. I mean, what the hell is going on here? I HAVE, THE EXACT SAME PROBLEM THAT I HAD ON FAR CRY 3'S UPLAY, WHEN I AM USING A TOTALLY DIFFERENT MACHINE NOW.I mean, I just want to know. Does Uplay even work? Is it even MEANT to work in any way?Blacklist was on sale, and glad I did not pay more than 20 bucks for this piece of donkey trash, even though this game is NOT EVEN worth 10 cents all because of Uplay.Now, I think it would be so much better if you just grab the PS3 version, because frankly, I have no clue as to what is causing this stupid mess.I have nothing more to say, Uplay sucks, and it sucks forever.Uplay gets - (Minus) 100 out of 10, meaning Total Garbage.But how is the game, Splinter Cell Blacklist?I WISH I COULD TELL YOU.Ubisoft sucks."
,Not Recommended,235600,14902680,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Haraldur Fiskur,What a waste of money
76561198030246089,Not Recommended,235600,26257666,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,0perator 88,"I'm not of the sneaking game group of people, but I enjoy it on ocassion.  Those who like full on sneak games will probably be dissapointed in this game but I like that it gives you the option to do either sneak or run and gun, (although RnG is a bit harder to succeed at) this game is best somewhere in the middle, which is a third optional playtype.overall it's an improvement over the last game, particularly how you can go back and replay older story missions with gear you've unlocked.The multiplayer is a fascinating combination of first person versus third person combat, heavy gunners with armor are in first person, which is fitting, and sneaky low armored stealth guys in third, which is also fitting.  SNeaky sem like they have the advantage but the first person guys can take them out easier if the third person guys dont get the drop on them quick enough.Overall I like this game, there's a lot of fun to be had.  So why am I giving it a negative review?Because if someone uses hacks in multiplayer you're ♥♥♥♥ed.There is NO vote kick. NO report. NO leave match option either! So if your game bugs out or someone is, using an item in their grenade slot that instant kills the entire enemy team repetively the moment the spawn back in you are literally stuck watching yourself be helpless to the hacker with no way to get rid of them or to even escape them without alt-F4ing/end programing or reseting your computer.Literally nothing you can do about it.  How could Ubisoft over look such a thing?  And yes, that was literally what happened to me and despite loving this game I immdiatly quit out, discovered there's literally nothing you can do, and just uninstalled it right away and have not been back since.A brother of a friend got glitched into an object and couldn't quit out.So if you only play single player, or can avoid hackers, it's a fun game worth a few play through.  But, hackers ruined it, ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Not Recommended,235600,16144686,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,https://www.LegalZoom.com,"♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft and ♥♥♥♥ Uplay, torrent this instead."
,Recommended,235600,12690533,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The Big Shoe,"Not Sam. Not Cell.Clancy is dead, and so is this franchise."
,Not Recommended,235600,1278301,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,kornman00,"uplay makes this game complete garbage. Don't rely on their cloud to protect your game save. If you're going to get the game, you're probably better off getting it on a console."
76561197975922125,Not Recommended,235600,13454969,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Control-Zee,"I have played all Splinter Cell couple of times, counting them as some of my favorite games -but this one (sadly...) is really really disappointing ...Coop & Multiplayer is not working as well as it should thanks to UPlay issuesUplay by it self getting more and more confusing with every updateThe In-Game menu looks / is extremly unstructured, and sometimes resets setting for no reason - like resolution, window mode, mouse & audio - settings ...The gameplay by itself is about the same like in conviction just with even more shooting and less hiding.Weirdly though - in many singleplayer maps - you get the most points for just ignoring all enemies and running to the exfiltration point without disturbing anyone.For every one who likes Splinter Cell the old fashion way .... maybe think twice"
76561198014000595,Not Recommended,235600,12962371,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,hAteMadeMe,"a ♥♥♥♥ing pile of steaming dogshit that wont let you play with friends....pack of cuntliverious developers....I only brought this for co-op with a mate....may as well taken a 50 outta my wallet and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on, would have been a better use of the ♥♥♥♥ing money."
,Not Recommended,235600,16807259,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sazirmage,This game crashes and crashes and crashes and oh i have a gtx 980...
,Recommended,235600,22099057,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,KenTWOu,The second best Splinter Cell.
,Not Recommended,235600,20120763,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Umbra,anyone else remember the good ol' days when games had storylines longer than a few hours?
76561198013564974,Not Recommended,235600,13176066,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fawkes,Uses ubsoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI to log in on top of steam that nobody wants.
76561198085436969,Not Recommended,235600,23812432,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ANOUTHUR FAILED DONKEY,APARENTLY YOU CANT PLAY WITH PEOPLE THAT HAVE IT FOR UPLAY SO UPLAY JUST HAS TO BE A DONKEY AND NOT GO AND NOT FIX IT LIKE A NURD. BUT THEN THE DONKEY   DEVS DO NOTHING EITHER ABOUT IT SO SCREW YOU TOO
,Recommended,235600,8822792,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,metr0,"Much Stealth, Such Story"
76561198071718384,Not Recommended,235600,23237859,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Obviously Luke,"Out of the almost hour I've spent playing this game, I haven't even played the game. It crashes whenever I try to play or do anything. And I can't even get a refund. Would not buy."
76561198302777065,Recommended,235600,26083067,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lutfi Sufliansyah,"Best Splinter Cell game yet...If you played Splinter Cell game before this one,get this one then, It is awesome"
,Not Recommended,235600,10920576,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Moritz,"TLDR: Don't buy this game, errors and crashes will ruin your day.- The game crashes around 25 minutes after I start it up.- Multiplayer doesn't work at allI've looked for fixes and it appears the issue is on Ubisoft's end.It's a pity because the actual gameplay is quite fun."
76561198061063873,Recommended,235600,22646346,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Smeevil,Excellent.
,Not Recommended,235600,7931666,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[VCBC]Bloodstone,Do not buy this game through steam as it is completely bugged. If you buy the Deluxe version and the DLC as no where on this page does it indicate the Deluxe edtion includes the DLC you will be unable to play as UPlay bugs out at having to versions of the game.Poor showing steam. Had the game a week and been unable to play.
,Not Recommended,235600,21557906,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,dMartin1738,Co-op doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,235600,8848831,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,C7hu1hu,"Ubisoft have clearly lost all talent they ever had when it comes to stealth, this game feature worse AI than previous games and poor camera work, level design is the only good thing about it, the graphics are very shiny as in most thing look new and glossy/wet.The infiltration missions are enjoyable, but the controls are to clunky to make it a better stealth game."
76561198059171434,Not Recommended,235600,11982862,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mr. Jubs,Its amature hour over at Ubisoft... Again
76561198070932737,Recommended,235600,22171933,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,StickySheets,"Splinter Cell Blacklist: 5/7 game.I love Sam fisher, he is very dark and mysterious, almost as good as the dark night.My point is, I like this game very much, and I would give it a perfect score."
,Not Recommended,235600,29405820,Posted: 21 January,all,LionThrewpy,"Frequent crashes, optimization isn't great (20 fps drops with a gtx 1070). If you don't experience these issues, you'll love this game."
,Not Recommended,235600,12531697,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Putifari,"If Ubisoft had kept good old Michael Ironside as Sam Fisher, I would've enjoyed the parts when the character opens his mouth and makes a sound. Really, the new voice is way too young to be Fisher. At least Hideo Kojima knows what he's doing when trying to find replacement voice actors to Metal Gear series.I recommend this newest installment of the Splinter Cell series only to people new to the series, not to true-fans."
,Not Recommended,235600,10800799,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SixReasons,This is an UBISOFT GAME wich forces you to play via UPLAY!! I dont recomend it for this reason alone. This is quite obviously another console port. Graphics are ok but no where near PC quality. Controls on keybaord and mouse are clunky. I am sure this is an amazing game for xbox but for PC it is just ok. I wont be buying any more ubisoft games. They have been caught downgrading graphics so there is no difference between the PC and underpowered console versions which makes me think this is another victim of crappy ubisoft politics. Please do not support them and support real gaming.
76561198063142417,Not Recommended,235600,28354443,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MonkHijiri,This game is fun when it works. Which wasn't a whole lot and is quite the shame considering how old this game is. And the uplay thing just made things worse so i'm going to pass anymore Ubisoft games.
76561198103326357,Not Recommended,235600,24118809,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SeeDeR68,"ubisoft... read this. uplay is the most unessacary thing that has ever existed. i lost 180 DOLLARS! in games to it after my account was regester invalid and was deleted. i cant get it back ever again. i made another account it was deleted. then i made a third. i am now registered as guest and i cant change that. get rid of your third party DRM BULLSH*T and i will recommed your games. you have done it before, NOW DO IT A-F***ING GAIN"
76561198192853353,Not Recommended,235600,33207597,Posted: 3 July,all,Matthew,"♥♥♥♥♥pc port broken in every spect multiplayer bugs ,♥♥♥♥♥♥mouse lag when in full screen"
,Not Recommended,235600,8919313,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Scanty Chunk,Splinter Cell is ruined. The style is totally bubbly and Conviction-like. The game is WAY too action based. This game reminds me nothing of Chaos Theory. The SvM is totally dumbed down and action based.Ubisoft also refuses to patch this game. It's rampant with issues...
,Not Recommended,235600,10775149,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Blind Sniper,"Ok the gameplay is great but the glitches, SUCK!!!! I havn't been able to play multiplayer, my character gets stuck, and the dam game keeps resetting. I would suggest buying a dozen broken eggs over this, at least those might be useful!!!"
76561198068328489,Recommended,235600,22229034,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Thermal Wolff,"Day 1:  Restart last checkpoint Restart last checkpoint Restart last checkpoint Restart last checkpointDay 2: Friend gets game, play spies vs. mercs.Day 3: Silenced guns are lifeDay 4: DeadDay 9140: Such enemies, much stealth..."
,Not Recommended,235600,30358468,Posted: 6 March,all,fangsane,Complete garbage. Support will never help you. My game crashed every time I tried to go into levels and multiplayer. When multiplayer did work after I reinstalled the game it took 4 hours in lobby to find a game. No thanks to Ubisoft who just redirected me to their forms.
76561198059343366,Recommended,235600,21741438,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Wolverine,"One of the most brilliant stealthy games I've ever played.Great graphics and cool martial artsthe coop and multiplayer have great concept. But they require extremely stable network condition.Uplay is not easy to deal with. That may explain why there are such a few players remaining nowadays.I hope SC series won't die. Come back soon, please."
76561197996363771,Not Recommended,235600,16954761,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,a-ruse,was never able to launch this piece of nonsense... Uplay and Steam loop... I have no idea...Avoid unnecessary dissapointments and better get pirated version if you really want to play this.
,Recommended,235600,7747275,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SALMAN,Wonderful smooth and excellent
76561198030979591,Recommended,235600,12643501,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,10-78 Unitforty,love this game
76561198013211389,Recommended,235600,26029123,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,NGC4415,Great !!!
,Not Recommended,235600,13651804,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[PB] BattleHawk society.gg,I'm sure it's an absolutely great game but uplay won't start it. All it does is pop up a window saying Blacklist at the top and then it won't do anything. Waste of money.
76561198062220369,Not Recommended,235600,18212936,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Celawi,"Bought the game to play with a friend, multiplayer doesn't work. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft."
,Recommended,235600,12579811,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"Excellent gameplay, many options to complete missions."
,Not Recommended,235600,10927900,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ATAznPro,"This game is good until I was playing coop and when we hit round 20, the last guy, he was under the map... Waste of 2 hours and 30 minutes for good money. Fix your game before selling it."
,Not Recommended,235600,11688374,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,iSnipe,worst thing uplay could have done on pc.it doesnt worki cant get it to start
,Not Recommended,235600,11204250,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Poise Cat,If You wanna get this game to play with your friends (like i did) well bad news stupid uplay wants to be like steam and the coop on uplay is all screwed up...  butts boi its still an amazing game!
,Not Recommended,235600,23262727,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Aura,"I wouldn't say that this Splinter Cell entry is a terrible one, but I just don't feel confortable recomending this to long-time Splinter Cell fans. If you played anything before Chaos Theroy, you might not like this one much. It's not quiet a bad game, just..I feel like this is the Fallout 4 of Splinter Cell. A good game streamlined for the masses, infavor of apealling to it's existing audience."
76561198034814663,Not Recommended,235600,28671857,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bnowak2,great plot but pc user interface sucks
,Not Recommended,235600,23743527,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,whitexwolfx,"Let me begin by saying that Splinter Cell Blacklist plays very smoothly, and at times, can be very intense. The AI is smart. The motions of Sam as he vaults, shoots, executes, stabs, snaps necks, climbs, or whatever are very impressive. It never got old watching Sam execute enemies in a variety of ways using the classic Karambit.This is a kind of game where you sneak into battle knowing that your armor can hardly stand intense punishment, and you may use your wallhack goggles immensely to make sure you don't get snuck up on by a stray patrol. You listen intently for the pants of dogs or time when the camera moves so you can pass through certain corridors. Depending on your playstyle (Panther, Ghost, or Combat) the outcome of battles vary. Sometimes, you can avoid a gunfight entirely.However, there is little variation in the actual outcome of the story (except a line of dialogue) when you are faced with actual decisions. Your actions are literally meaningless, regardless of whether or not you spare this guy or that guy or sneak through a map or go through the map guns blazing. Replayability is difficult since the patrols are all the same. Enemies telegraph their movements too easily by shouting out their positions (if you haven't spotted them via wallhacks), or how snipers have stupid red lasers that mark exactly where they are looking.Some missions in the single player story force you to follow conditions, such as not killing/disturbing anyone or only using non-lethal weapons. Failing these conditions will instantly fail the mission. At first this was fun since it mixed up gameplay, but scenarios like these just BEG for multiple endings or branching missions. After two times I was sick of having conditions applied to my game.tl;dr version:++Looks visually stunning both graphically and in the animation++AI is impressive at hunting you down (sometimes too impressive...)+Can get intense as you sneak through open rooms or during CQC/CQB---SUPER linear story---Lack of replayability (thanks to linear story)---Too easy (Even on Hardest difficulty)---Air Support sections straight out of Call Of Duty---No meaning to any decisions"
76561198097430457,Not Recommended,235600,9173127,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[R] Warmir,"SORRY but i cant recommend THIS GAME !!! but after Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory all games in Splinter Cell get ♥♥♥♥ed up..... they care only about graphics no more you have to sneak !!!!!..........if you played chaos theory and tryed any titles after it you know what i mean soo for fans of SC:CT dont buy this they strip stelth to zer0...........pfffffff ♥♥♥♥ you UBISOFT.Since story is OK..... graphics a lot of improvments........ but... I JUST HATE THEY TAKE OUT STCKY SHOCKER FOR SC2000---LOL now its SC4000 and lol it can only shoot ♥♥♥♥ing BULLETS., no more jaming or takeing lights and scaring people.... oooo my what they did......ok ok animatiosn and all that its ok its good but but it just dont feel anymore of REAL SC.... and i dont belive SAM FISHER IS A KILLER..... they make this execution abilitie ooooooOOooo my the STUPIDIES idea ever.......now you dont need to aim anymore ccccccc... lame concolse ♥♥♥♥ers....... I WILL STOP HERE you to say again THEY DESTORy SC real gameplay...... but if you want story.... then go for it."
,Not Recommended,235600,9580208,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,pinoy1ako,...
,Not Recommended,235600,34749114,Posted: 4 September,all,Zane Gambino,"I waited 4 bours for this game to download, so I was already irritated when it was done. I then found out that I HAVE to have a UPlay account (because what I need is another account that I don't use right?). Fine, I think I've already got one. Let me just sign in real quick. That failed in probably the worst way. It took my login and crashed the auto-update that I guess was going on in the background. This caused all sorts of chaos. I still haven't been able to even get this game to start up, because it's linked to an account on some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t software I don't even need! I think the worst part is that the error messages are now telling me to reinstall the game. I'm not waiting another 4 hours for it to download again, so I guess I won't be playing this title will I? My advice, unless you already use this 3rd party software or don't mind this type of♥♥♥♥♥♥(this is a deal breaker for me, but I tried to make an exception) avoid this title on PC.-Z"
,Not Recommended,235600,19250654,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Paul Bäumer,I have played this beaten this game multiple times on console so that's why I don't have many hours. But better than conviction in that there are some stealth elements readded  but cannot even compare to the superior chaos theroy. Would only reccomened this game if you can somehow buy it for 10 dollars or under on a sale.
76561198117293130,Recommended,235600,22482590,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Zombie Goat,Sneaky like a goat.
76561198315880231,Not Recommended,235600,35087432,Posted: 20 September,all,Tx36,"Dont buy. You cant play, because UPlay wont let you play.UPlay wont even let you login. It just says ""Login Error"".They should rename it to UDontPlay..BTW, I spent the entire 81 mins not playing this, but trying to get UDontPlay to let me login. Steam still tracks and open UPlay client window as playing the game."
,Recommended,235600,18478843,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,watcha want,i killed a dog
76561197992944990,Not Recommended,235600,8578743,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,bubo.buboslav,"With very few save checkpoints, it's not fun. You can spend hours with one mission. It's really annoying."
76561197988361461,Not Recommended,235600,8773120,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Okop,"While there is fun to be had in Splinter Cell Blacklist the controls end up causing more frustration than fun and with no alternate control schemes you are forced to play the game the way the designers want you to play and not the way most comfortable for you.There are seperate buttons for climbing up, climbing down, and sticking to and off of cover.  Getting used to these is fine but in the heat of the moment when a guard comes up behind you and all you want to do is pull away from a wall or quickly drop from a ledge your going to panic and your perfect run will be ruined.  Ideally a context sensitive ""use button"" or smarter ""sticky"" cover system would have done wonders.Not to mention people who have never played a Splinter Cell game before will find even the Rookie difficulty hair pullingly insane.  The game is designed to lock out the most usefull tools that could help Rookie players until you can earn them much later in the game.  Things like expanded radar, improved sonar vision, and enemy facing on the radar would have made the earlier experience for new players a much smoother ride.One of the most attrocious features the developers overlooked for the PC version of the game is the ability to save when you want.  This is something PC stealth gamers have enjoyed for years but in this modern age of autosaves and checkpoints it is nowhere to be found in this game.  Enjoy doing side missions where you have to kill 35 enemies and bust on the last one, or where you have to complete multiple objectives without being spotted once and blow it right at the end.  It's just too risky to save before trying out a really fun and neat looking manuever so its best just to play it safe and boring.If you can get past the unwieldy controls and the lack of a save feature this is a well made content rich game.  For new players you'll have to put up with a lot of frustration and replaying extremely long stretches of gameplay over and over and over again."
76561198019219205,Recommended,235600,13095909,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Chicagopimp,"The Splinter Cell series of games just keeps getting better. I know everyone was a little salty at Ubisoft for playing down the stealth aspects of the game in Conviction. Well, rest easy. Stealth is back, and in a big way, in Blacklist. In the old games, if you were in the shadows, the enemy could walk right up to you and wouldn't even notice you were there. Not anymore....the shadows just make you tougher to see. I like how the gadgets are back too. Even though Michael Ironside is the only TRUE voice for Sam Fisher, the new voice isn't too bad. I highly recommend you get your hands on this one when you can.....it's worth it!"
,Recommended,235600,13697050,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sevaarcen,"This is a game I enjoyed, and is one of Ubisoft's succeses. Gameplay is good as stealth works well and you can power through the level or go sneaky beaky like. I haven't tried multiplayer or co-op but the single player campaign is worth it if you enjoy stealth games.Get this game if it is on sale."
,Recommended,235600,9131052,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,voldtektsmann,"I thought all Tom Clancy games sucked.I was ♥♥♥♥ing wrong.It's extremely challenging (Even at rookie) fun, the story is great, and I'm loving it.Don't buy this for the multiplayer."
76561198011671983,Recommended,235600,8827869,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,OkayLux,MOTHA♥♥♥♥INSPLINTERCELL
76561197998887299,Recommended,235600,12939604,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sniblet,4.2/5
,Not Recommended,235600,10177539,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,DocJungle,"First off, the single player game is great. It's everything you'd want in Splinter Cell. However, multiplayer has been hacked to the point of it being impossible to play a match without someone cheating their way to the top. Until something is done about this the online mode is worse than worthless. With Ubisoft's track record I'm not holding my breath for anything to be fixed. Such a shame, Spies vs Mercs really was something amazing..."
,Not Recommended,235600,10489313,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,CaptainCuttlefish,THIS GAME REQUIRES UPLAY WTF and it says i already have a account WTF steam................. fix this -_- i think i wasted $14.00
76561198022358293,Not Recommended,235600,10842450,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mori86,Just buy conviction.
,Not Recommended,235600,10509598,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Head Squid,"certain mission and ways to complete missions only in co-op, they throw you directly into the story with no sence of directiong, crap controlls, and last but definately not least UPLAY"
,Recommended,235600,592029,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Ravski,Best Splinter Cell game since Chaos Theory
,Recommended,235600,13539766,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mushman255,"really fun game, do get it if you like to feel like solid snake on his younger days"
,Recommended,235600,13219791,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Sgt.Merk,"First things first:THIS GAME HAS TERRIBLE CONTEXT SENSITVE CONTROLS. YOU WILL CONSTANTLY END UP IN ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SITUATIONS BECAUSE YOU ACCIDENTALLY KICKED A DOOR OR JUMPED OVER COVER WHEN YOU WERE TRYING TO DO SOMETHING ELSE. Seriously though, it's kinda comparable to free running in Assasin's Creed. The game attempts to be smooth and seemless with context sensitve actions but a good part of the time you just end up doing something you didn't want to do. Other than that the game is loads of fun, a good call back to the classic splinter cell titles. Just don't expect to be able to do things quickly in a panic situation, the controlls are just going to betray you. Take things slow and avoid those situations entirely and you'll like this game more."
76561198085746131,Recommended,235600,13096670,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,UNC00KED,"THE BEST stealthy game that I have ever played. If you like all the stealthy missions in the CoD games, like I do, you will surely love this game. The controls take a little getting used to, but when you do get used to them, your skills increase dramatically."
76561197971078137,Not Recommended,235600,9051895,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,{IDCHES}Lilamma-,o m g spys vs mercs on black list is like the most f*cking ret*rded peice of sh*t thing iv ever seen if it wasnt for the f*cking awesom coop in the game BLACK list would be a steaming PILE OF F*CKING UBISH*T
,Recommended,235600,12545398,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Comrade Term,"Though few bugs and stability issues, I love this game a lot even a full year after release. The multiplayer is dead for the most part but singleplayer and coop remain just as fun as on launch."
76561198034134196,Not Recommended,235600,13501309,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AAAZKool,"Story -1/10 (not really creative, introduced dumb characters, work with an enemy and tries to make him likable, changed Sam Fishers voice for no reason)Single-player 5/10  (annoying and dull)Co-op 5/10 (I find the missions as annoying than the main campagn)Control Scheme 5/10 (close door instead of grabbing enemy)Enemies 4/10 (on perfectionist enemies sometimes react instantly and shoot at you wihout bothering to aim first)Level of Control 5/10 (feels like the game is forcing you to do ghost style and the only thing I ever want to even change is the light after upgrading everything)Stealth 5/10 (conviction has better stealth in my opinion because you don't shoot out of a plane causing the entire city to notice you)Bugs/glitches 9/10 (few crashes and friend saw me glitching)Online 5/10 (fun at first but then kept messing up after the first set of games)Overall 6/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,17075079,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dicksnot,Uplay.
,Not Recommended,235600,15051361,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,LukyKNFBLJFBI,"Prosideaenviromentplaneoptimalization is okConsidiotic storyinvisieble wallsmissing first person a lotmain character feels more like Spiderman than a real soldiervery linearno steam cards, uplay necessaryneeds more weaponsCOOP /MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT WORK!It would be a good game if it had first person view, less cutscenes and better script. Idea of stealthy shooter is good, but here an example how it shoud not look like. Graphic in cutscenes is bad, others is ok. Not great, but enough.Feels sometimes bit like Call of Duty."
76561198060927259,Not Recommended,235600,13722661,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,doodlexthomas,horrible game crashes 5 mins into the game
,Recommended,235600,13019678,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,comander30,I can throw dead bodys on my teammate. 10/10
,Not Recommended,235600,16607729,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bobrocka387,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not even the intro level works right. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,235600,7870866,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Galious,"The game play, story and graphics are well done.  The concept is pretty cool, co-op game play fighting terrorists.  There is one large flaw with this game and that is the choppy graphics, audio malfunctions and long list of bugs.  I have a state of the art machine but had to downgrade DirectX 11 to 9 just to get the game to work.  Based on research on forums as well as some bench testing, we found the game was not really programed properly for Directx11,... seriously?  If it wasn't for the total screw up on the developer side this would be a perfect game.  I hope they patch thier mistakes otherwise, you might have trouble running this game with out some bugs.My machine:Windows 716 Gigs of RAMi7 Processor2 gig high end Asus GPU 256Every game I've ever thrown at it, no problem with everything set on high,.. except this game?  Test your software before you sell it please."
,Not Recommended,235600,16739944,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,THE BLACKHAMMER,"One of the worst splinter cell games there has ever been , graphics are good but feel rather bland for the time it was launched . and the online is terrible"
76561198134144088,Recommended,235600,23209662,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DatBoiJames 傑姆斯戰士,"I've only played this game for a couple of hours, but i've played Splinter Cell : Double Agent on PS2 before this. I'd recommend this game, hell i'd recommend any stealthy, dodgy spy game. But, just the fact that you're Sam Fisher in the Splinter Cell franchise is enough to get this game. Ubisoft nails Splinter Cell, that's all that needs to be said. I've completed the campaign, and it rocks! :D."
,Not Recommended,235600,9094376,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dajanksta,"Garbage. I can't even get passed the second level because of a game breaking glitch, error, that hasn't even been fixed or patched. Talked to the support and they couldn't care any less than they already do. Seen a few people online with the same issue and no one has found a fix. My rig is more than enough to run this weak game. Matter of fact this is the first time I've ever had a game that I wasn't able to find a fix for and that's not acceptable."
76561198033211614,Recommended,235600,13539531,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cluedout,"much darkness, such stealth, wow 9/10"
,Recommended,235600,12542055,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,SOLVERdog UNLEASHED,It's no Chaos Theory but it's good.
76561198085184478,Recommended,235600,24140814,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rick6505,"UPDATE: After retrying the mission over and over I had to hide in cover shoot my gun many many times untill he got spooked then ran through the door he came from and then walked out and then acted the way it should have been. Besides that one hickup it is a really fun game!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It is gliched on Mision ""Special Missions HQ"" to where you have to follow a target through a parking deck and when you get to the bottome he is suppose to walk through and distrack a guard and then you two stroll on. how ever he just stands there like a guard would and if you try to move he will detecte you even though he is on your side and you will fail the mission. This is a game breaking bug and can not continue with the story. The sad this is I was having so much fun with this game but can not continue due to this BS GAME BREAKING BUG!"
76561198117905279,Recommended,235600,26054368,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,^^^|||•DeAn•|||^^^,Awesome game with a fantastic story which keep you hooked up till the very end and a buttload of weapons and armor customizations..INCLUDING an awesome Multiplayer mode where you will find great number of playersThe only downside is that sometimes the game's server doesn't seem to understand your feelings :P
,Recommended,235600,34744528,Posted: 4 September,all,MantasHart,it's a good game good too livestream too
,Recommended,235600,34655930,Posted: 1 September,all,Wolf,probably the best game i have ever played
76561198015259099,Recommended,235600,10506260,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,IcEye,"Well where to start? At the beginning of course.The game drops you right into the first mission - the tutorial/Exposé of the story - with no menu before hand. That's fine if you like auto-detected settings and default key binds, but not everyone does and I'd certainly like a real main menu for the game (all interaction is done via the Ingame Worldmap or interaction with characters on board the Paladin Airplane).But those are minor points.The introduction into the story feels like the game wants to be a movie but isn't. It is a very hollywood-esque story and as such feels a little bland. While the missions are (so far) quite fun and varied, they are by no means especially creative or challenging. You either get it right or you have to restart and getting it right is more often than not a choice between killing everything in your way or waiting until the next opponent has his back turned.The enemies or scenarios don't offer much challenge either for the most part. The worst thing that can happen are armoured opponents or dogs (or both) in combination with ""Don't get spotted and don't trigger any alarm"" objectives.There is also no lack of gadgets and while having a large selection of stuff is nice (although half the gadgets are essentially the same as the bolts for the crossbow) having too much of everything is not. Even using your gadgets very liberally for takedowns (rather than sneaking around and doing the hand-to-hand stuff) you will rarely be in a situation where you think ""Damn I wish I had more XY to take out those guys"". You will have enough.Multiple routes are present in almost every mission/situation so there is no lack of choice there, however some lend themselves more to a certain playstyle than others.I like the customization the singleplayer offers, though again a bit more creativity would be fun - giving the suits for example extra abilities or special gadgets - rather than having simple liniear upgrades.Customization in Multiplayer is another matter entirely. If you play this game online PvP rather than COOP, play the Classic mode. The classic mode with its default profiles is fun and challenging and the maps are far more entertaining 2v2. The 4v4 Blacklist modes are a cluster♥♥♥♥ of epic proportions.It is still very much the best Splinter Cell Game since Chaos Theory as far as I'm concerned.Update: As the game goes on, it goes out of its way to get you to shoot stuff. For every ""Don't get spotted"" Objective there is one ""Neutralize all the Hostiles"" and added to that you get situations forced upon you during which stealth is no longer really an option. The COOP in particular is filled with lethal situations that don't really work in a stealth game."
,Recommended,235600,25243039,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hopsin,Awesome stealth game.10/10 would be a ninja again
,Recommended,235600,13920344,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,meaningless,"Awesome game, really fun. But why are they speaking farsi in Saudi Arabia?"
,Recommended,235600,1877205,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Fang,Best Splinter Cell game EVER!
,Recommended,235600,26299567,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Frost :･,.
,Recommended,235600,23527957,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Brukljn,"My first Splinter cell  was Conviction,and it was perfect for me from story to gameplay,so I actually compared Blacklist with Conviction.STORY: I think both Stories were good Conviction showed Sam Fisher as a person who has no hope for future and just want to find those who killed his daughter,and Blacklist is like a action movie with a lot of unexpected scenes.However I think Blacklist wanted to show Sam Fisher as a patriot person as you will see in some scenes in game,and I think they were successful.GAMEPLAY: Blacklist is better.It's like a remastered version of Conviction's gameplay,with full of new options,gadgets and guns.Exactly like Conviction you can finish your mission with a lot of actions or stealthy,but finish your mission in action mode is a little bit harder in Blacklist even in Normal difficulty.SOUNDS: I didn't see any special dialogue between characters or maybe I forgot it,however it had some mistakes like some soldiers speak Persian (Farsi) altought accent was good,but radio was playing Arabic music instead of a Persian music,however it is so respectable for me that sometimes Ubisoft mentions Persian language or other things in this game ,or other games like Prince of Persia.I recommend this game if you are looking for a stealthy game without any obvious bug or something.Overall: 9.10"
,Recommended,235600,22788512,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,el pwn,dank gameplay. fluid style (like Conviction) compared to old SC games.i have a hard time getting over the voice change tbh.
,Not Recommended,235600,9239334,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BLOODMODE,"Forget Ubisoft, forget Uplay. Their DRM is horrible and buggy.  I'm sick of dealing with these money stealing greedy trolls.  Don't bother buying this game.  Get it through other means and stick it to these companies with poor business models."
,Recommended,235600,16891209,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Scootiie,Honestly One Of My Favorite ♥♥♥♥ing Games I've Ever Played!Please Make More Like This It Is Great!
76561198078645575,Not Recommended,235600,13695853,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Corvidae,Uplay. Enough said. It will ruin this game for you. If you can get it somwhere else do it. Do not install Uplay on your computer.
,Not Recommended,235600,16748314,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CaptainMellow,Tom Clancy is rolling in his grave right now.
76561198126963447,Recommended,235600,13763112,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bodie,"You play through uplay instead of steam which I really hate, but the game is very good and has the most fuild stealth gameplay ive ever played"
,Recommended,235600,12127427,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,macros,"Ok. Where do I begin?Halp?Well to start off my review I'm going to say that I've been a Tom Clancy fan ever since Conviction and earlier. I had faith in Blacklist and I desire another Splintercell. But first, lets talk about Blacklist...The Blacklist campaign is basically Sam Fisher working for 4th Echelon (founded by the President) and are working towards taking down the so called Engineers - a terrorist group who launch attacks on American every seven days. As you may have guessed, Sam and a few new other people (Charlie - the technology dude, Briggs - the best agent that came from some random place I can't remember - Helpful right?) are trying to stop these attacks and stop America from basically being destroyed...The graphics are amazing, especially on high settings. The SMI intergration with the game is amazing and I really like how you can actively choose whether to do Campaign, COOP, or these other missions which I can't remember, so this review is gonna be SO helpful...But there is one thing I missed sorely in this game - The interrorgation scenes. In Conviction, you could either smash a terrorist head into a toilet, burn their face on a stove or just punch them loads of times. Either way, you somehow beat the answers out of them. But does Blacklist have that? No. :( You just get the choice whether to kill or spare.  The gadgets are fun and exciting to use. But you have to buy the game to know what I mean...I may not have covered all aspects of the game, but I believe these are the most important.There is so much more to discover in this game and I hope one day, you will be the one discovering...No rating. Because this game is too good. :)"
76561198085522762,Recommended,235600,11254392,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BRANDON HAMPTON,dis gaem iz gewt 420/69 lel
,Recommended,235600,17197476,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Set,.
,Recommended,235600,22498463,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[ZSU] ScottyDontNZ,One of/if not the best in the series!
76561198042741610,Not Recommended,235600,13626468,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Alexmhi,Can't play with my friend.-10/10
,Recommended,235600,31311111,Posted: 22 April,all,Zef Bug,Yup. Buy it. I know you are wondering if you should. You should. Yes. Buy it.
,Recommended,235600,11853794,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,♒NonMorto♒,Took an enemy hostage pulled a granade on him and threw him off a ledge 10/10
76561198075860504,Recommended,235600,14146365,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,[HOT] Sir Mirato,Pink night vision goggles wearing socks are sneaking through a wide diversity of levels.
,Recommended,235600,17835658,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,unclepeyj,I liked it.
76561198013240329,Not Recommended,235600,13270739,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Smuggless,"If you have friends and wanting to play CO-OP don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, can't connect to each other 2/10 all the demand of 2 people wanting to join the servers clearly is to much"
,Recommended,235600,8791620,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Pinwheel of Pain,If you like good graphics and challenging gameplay then this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,235600,9006847,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Good Mang,Horrible AI need to improve alot on the gameplay terrorists ai just suck alot
,Recommended,235600,11062059,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,K,Epic. This is how a game should be made.
76561198096404383,Recommended,235600,14981351,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Inflictixn,"If you can get past the changes to Sam Fisher's actor, its a great splinter cell game."
76561198091080698,Recommended,235600,18477405,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"Yo, yo yo. Hacked white house, beat some butt, slapped mercenaries where it really hurt, and snuck into terrorist organizations with my brother, dual takedowns, coop boosts, all in all 11/10.Would do everything stated again."
,Recommended,235600,18485437,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,D7MAS,مخم
76561198047461764,Not Recommended,235600,10860343,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Willijam,Poorly Optimized DO NOT BUY UNTILL THEY FIX IT
76561198050669363,Recommended,235600,13729140,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mchawi,"The Game Itself Is Good, Story, but the controls are stiff and its on uplay which sucks but that shouldn't keep you from playing a game.6/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,13844777,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MVPogoslayer,-10/10 Community full of cheaters. Would not recommend online play. The storyline was good though. If you want to play wait for a sale.
76561198049489119,Recommended,235600,13918306,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,historysentinel,Great Game. A few bugs and jumps in difficulty mar the experience. Engaging story and gameplay are worth a purchase. 9/10.
76561198136338106,Not Recommended,235600,13724964,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Camel poop,dident work!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,21664272,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","Previous content""This game is boring, I played through it and I earned about 2 million dollars and it was useless. ""I played it again with controller after thinking like this.Updated:I thought this was the best stealth game until I played MGSV..."
,Recommended,235600,16214153,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"'It's okay.'Ubisoft's pattented clunky-control system aside, this is a good call back to the original set of splinter cell games, allowing sam to ♥♥♥♥♥♥around with his old set of gadgets in some fresh new maps and an 'amazing' storyline. It feels slightly cliche, along the idea of Battlefield 3's campaign etc.The 'new' voice actor for Sam delivers his lines with much gusto, as the motion-capture-and-face-recorded takes do marvelously to bring out Fisher's features. The voice acting is less Michael Ironside's tough guy act, more 'Big Boss' No-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t attitude.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlUnTcjlkd8This game adds a 'unique' customisation system in the sense of Vegas' RPG style credit system, earn cash by doing specific tasks and spend it on new weapons, gadgets, suits and perks. If you hate this kind of stuff, you can always cheat (or be forced to cheat) by buying the deluxe edition, which adds nothing new to the game aside from unlocking some mid-tier weaponry and 'exclusive' mid tier gadgets/armour, which you unlock better equivalents of further through the game, anyway.Basically, the game allows you to play in multiple styles, designated by 3 categories, Ghost, Panther and Assault. The more you play of one style, the more points you will gather, yet only Ghost gives you the optimal amount of payout to earn money for new EQ, slightly forcing your hand. Ghost style means mostly sneaking around hostiles and completing objectives without being spotted, and taking out hostiles non-lethally, while panther allows more freedom of movement with eliminating hostiles in a covert fashion. Assault means going out guns blazing, netting you the lowest amount of points and the hardest time in the game unless you're one of those meth-amped up CoD kids that really doesn't understand the basic principle of 'stealth video games'.Each mission has a set few side objectives, those being: Neutralizing/capturing a specific enemy, collecting a hidden data drive and/or hacking into a random laptop. These objectives are always in the same spot in their respective maps, and not at all randomly generated, not leaving much surprise.Speaking of random generation, although many youtubers mention that the AI seems to be 'almost completely random', they are not. Every time a mission is loaded, the AI will choose a specific preset which the AI will follow to the letter, every single time. The AI will only react randomly if they are engaged or distracted. This means it's an easy speed run game as every movement can be pretty much perfected with zero effort with this game's lenient stealth system.I say lenient as I am one of the older SC series players, light had a much greater effect on stealth and there were several speeds to maneuver under, this game throws all of that out of the door for a simple 'dark' and 'light' system, where it shows you if the surrounding area is 'dark enough' to give you bonus stealth points (e.g., harder to see depending on your suit's stealth rating). The AI does not have a limited vision cone and WILL spot you halfway across the map hiding behind a box if it's bright and shiny out, yet being in the dark doesn't make you completely invisible either. Mostly only if you try to stay still, or move as fluently as possible will you be able to evade vision completely. Moving with not enough forethought will most likely get you spotted and killed.Difficulty ranges from walking around like a big tank on easier modes, to being killed nearly immediately once spotted. Gear can be rigged to be combat oriented, allowing more ammunition capacity and total hits absorbed, or stealth oriented, making you incredibly fragile, but very versatile and hard to spot. It's possible to balance the two out as well, to go for the panther style and engage targets covertly and lethaly from various ranges, or evade sight.The AI itself was, at the time, already outdated. Smart enough to be able to find cover, they will most likely rush your last known location guns blazing. Imagine this, when you walk out of sight, as in the previous few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SC installments, a ghost pattern of your last known location is left behind. The enemy will actively fire at this position, supposedly to blanket covering fire for other units to flank your position. This works quite well in open terrain, but not so much in closed off corridors. Most levels are 'open' and less liniear (to today's cookie cutter shooter game standards, at least), however when there ARE closed off corridors, enemies will start to move up with each other in a straight conga-line, opening fire on your ghost while one by one passing through it, turning to face it and continuing to fire. At least the AI doesn't appear to have friendly fire, so that's great.The AI chatter is a different thing, spoken in many languages, sometimes by just one/two voice actors per 'region'. Voice acting is of great quality. They'll switch to English if the player is within cognitive distance. I've not heard the same lines of dialogue, perhaps if one were to reload a level multiple times they will.As said before, weapons can be customized, but aside from aesthetics and stat-wise, only the scopes and laser sight will truly affect gameplay, as they allow either easier shot acquisition or first person aiming, with a really glitchy broken laggy sensitivity scope, just like Ubisoft does best. Q&A? What's that?Unfortunately, there's also broken addon ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like a cellphone app that ubisoft dropped years ago and hasn't updated since, that lets you unlock mid-tier gear for the beginning of the game. As the app doesn't work, this is impossible to achieve. So yeah, no 100% completion for anyone. Because Ubisoft doesn't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about you.Multiplayer is back as usual, with a similair feel to it as Chaos theory had, lets all pretend like the previous 4(5?6?) SC's didn't happen. You can unlock new♥♥♥♥♥♥by getting tokens, I couldn't be arsed, there's probably some meta out there somewhere and I wouldn't be surprised if tokens are secretly some purchasable microtransaction in-game currency.Unfortunately, the 'freedom of movement' of the first 3 splinter cells is vaguely present, half the obstacles that you would be able to climb in, for example, Chaos theory, cannot even be scaled in this one, often leaving you slamming face first into walls and obstacles in the middle of an enemy patrol. It's also no longer possible to jump (on/)off ledges, buildings etc.The controls feel sticky sometimes, where pressing the climb button will send Sam flying off to a nearby ledge instead of over a fence you're trying to climb, of course halting progress to a dead drop and often causing me to get spotted.Adding to that is the sprint button's double functionality as a 'terrain cancelling' move, kind of like in Assassin's Creed's style freerunning, unfortunately this also automatically drops you off of ledges, so trying to climb ontop of something in a hurry is better done bashing the climb button rather than holding sprint, as it may send you sailing off of rooftops in a heartbeat. Not that you can actually kill yourself by falls in this game, as any sort of freedom is stripped away from you, only being able to climb up or off of ledges, pipes, scaffoldings, ladders etc. where the game deems fit. No more Chaos Theory style aerial knockdowns from the top of a rooftop, no sirree, players nowaday need to hands held at all times and can make no decisions for themselves.That's all I can think of right now, I'd suggest getting this game if one of your friends has it just to enjoy the COOP, otherwise, wait for the next sale, if ever."
76561197967083638,Recommended,235600,10377636,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ian,I'm an average fan for Tom Clancy games and I enjoy Blacklist and play it so often.
,Not Recommended,235600,8987606,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Sterling Archer,keep having problems with Uplay. I'm sure it would be a great game if i could actually play it. Get in a sale rather than risk a full price purchase.
,Recommended,235600,7885782,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,★水Pikachu-Seal★水,If you would love to experience a stealth game. Then this is the sweet spot.
,Recommended,235600,7868924,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Yamaka Lover 123,"Yes, this game is really fun and addictive just like the older ones."
76561198081040173,Recommended,235600,9049957,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Anna Rosa,Amazing game the best splinter cell ever. It is so fun too enjoy a incitant special agent career and make you own weapen style.88/100 masterpiece.
76561198027465920,Recommended,235600,8724966,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Gobu,"Best Splinter Cell ever. A fan of the franchise, this is a good game."
76561198099194483,Recommended,235600,8748558,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Penis ManMagee,I♥♥♥♥♥for this game and DLO shoud get it
76561198028689315,Not Recommended,235600,18628054,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kylmasta,This game is great... Err AWESOME... Going covert is really fun and all. But the story lacks depth and is extremely short... BTW uplay is the worst piece of spyware i've ever seen. That's why I don't recommend it
76561198089249513,Recommended,235600,8629871,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ChemoZabe,"Great game:) Full of the usual pro-america propaganda we have come to expect from a Tom Clancy title, but still massively enjoyable. The best of of earlier Splinter cells with added goodies."
76561198069177444,Recommended,235600,9148730,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BEEF TESTOSTERONE,BEST GAME EVER I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT TO ALL PLAYERS
,Recommended,235600,8645641,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kriosasacil,"Great game, If you're into stealth games this is a good choice."
,Recommended,235600,8648597,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,HypoTV,Amazing! Love it to bits
76561197996838554,Recommended,235600,8660850,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SystemBug #cholos,"The highlights of Splinter Cell: Blacklist are found in the multiplayer offerings. The campaign, while still providing a decently fun experience, ultimately suffers from a poor narrative and characterizations the make that portion of the game feel much more restricted in what it could have offered. Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a definite step up from its predecessor but it is still ways away from capturing the magic of what came before."
76561197970939616,Recommended,235600,8696515,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,mackrellts1,"Absolutely useless, for a recent game it just doesn't work, I have tried  to get some form of support through Uplay. Steam do not support the game from their own perspective and you are directed to Ubisoft - I have left 2 complaints and/or requests for support, and I might as well stick my head in a bucket of water, as they haven't acknowledged, or responded in a week.I have again tried to play this game, it just doesn't work FULL STOP (certainly not on a Windows platform -Windows 8 Profesional 64bit, and a 7990 video card coupled to an SSD, with 32Gb system RAM) - I have had to endure a constant barrage of AVI files or game movies, the save icon doesn't work, nor does the 'skip A' button - it seems this is only suited to either a PS3 or 4, or an Xbox One - Thats fine but don't sell/market the game under a Game for Windows banner.I really hope the game console groups are enjoying the game, but for anyone considering this as a Windows Platform Game. FORGET IT save your money, and spend in on another product, 'SPLINTER CELL - BLACKLIST' absolutely useless....."
,Recommended,235600,8628024,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DonMagee,"I miss the original voice actor. It really hurts the game without him. Gameplay is solid, but the story is pretty weak."
76561197961559672,Recommended,235600,8652628,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Raven,"Great game,  love all the splinter cell games"
76561198124380425,Recommended,235600,10479592,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Shmikidocket,From it's intense and gripping storyline to it's epic co-op gameplay and it's epic online gameplay this game is absolutely amazing definitely worth the buy 10/10 !! :D
76561198060285754,Recommended,235600,9810962,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,bloodborne gazisi (burak),"Both the co-op/multiplayer and single player are a lot of fun. I like how you have the choice(most of the time) on how to approach a level- you can shoot everyone in a subtle manner, sneak past everyone,  kill them/knock them out silently. It definitely appeals to different styles while maintaining the stealth aspect. I recommend it."
76561198049948879,Recommended,235600,11341784,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Untoten Fuchs,"Fantastic addition to the Splinter Cell series. People may complain about it being too action based but they're wrong. Went through 90% of the game without killing anyone. Only killed because I'm not that good and a couple accidents by not switching to non-lethal. Regardless it's got an amazing single-player with a lot of challenge, beat it on realistic but haven't tried perfectionist yet. Multiplayer is the big down-side if you don't have time. Matches are small so when one person leaves it kinda breaks the rest of the match(es) until someone else joins."
,Recommended,235600,11408619,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kryopsis,"Despite being one of my all-time favourite franchises, Splinter Cell has always been a series of ups and downs. With highs like Chaos Theory and lows like Double Agent, I honestly don't know what to expect anymore. While Conviction was by all means a respectable game, it set the series in a new direction while abandoning some of the trademark stealth aspects. In an odd twist of fate, the series changed hands and the brand new Ubisoft Toronto managed the impossible: to create a truly remarkable Splinter Cell title.I can probably write paragraphs about Splinter Cell: Blacklist and why it is such a remarkable game. It is easy to ignore the jingoist mess that is the main story and instead focus on the remarkable level design, location diversity and a truly elegant approach to stealth games. While Ubisoft has a nasty habit of producing bloated sequels with unnecessary features, Blacklist is the exception to the rule. It is a lean, clever, deep and rewarding game that I highly recommend to fans of the franchise and newcomers alike."
76561197972339866,Not Recommended,235600,21825026,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Johan,"I WILL NEVER BUT A TOM CLANCY GAME EVER AGAIN! I bought conviction only to play with a friend online, did it work? NO. Was i able to fix it from hours upon hours tinkering googling and talking with support? NO. Bought blacklist - tries to play with same friend - did it work? NO. i wont even try to fix the game this time, im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I could write a review from the intro and it would be like this - ""It Sucked"". My sensitivity was all wrong it wasnt fullscreen etc, could i change it ? no... because you need to play a ***** mission to get to a main menu."
,Not Recommended,235600,13914619,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bobby,"Even though I had a lot of fun playing this game, I refuse to write a good review of it.The game sucks badly and was developed by lazy developers. But its fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,235600,4471775,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,12 Percent Headshot,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥right here is waht ruined the franchise, not conviction."
76561198116303310,Recommended,235600,19781364,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Cyber Butter,A fun and challenging stealth game sure to test your skills in stealth and patience. Great fun.
,Recommended,235600,10501999,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Tazmai,"Amazing Stealth Game, 9 out of 10 fishers reccomend!also my Uplay Username is: guest-pp-0PSPIC♥♥♥♥ you UplaySteam please take ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay off this masterpiece.- guest-pp-0PSPIC (♥♥♥♥ you Uplay)"
,Recommended,235600,9148260,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[SFA] Goddamm42,Epic! An Amazing and original storyline
,Recommended,235600,9150256,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Protricity,"Blacklist sees Sam Fisher and his covert posse returning to the series’ sneaky-happy roots in good form, and it’s easily one of the best stealth offerings I’ve delved into in a long time. Old fans may have trouble getting used to Fisher's new voice actor (and his annoyingly sulky and angry character), and the Uplay services can be buggy at times. Still, these sins can easily forgiven because the rest of the game is stealth action goodness."
,Recommended,235600,9160763,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Spartacus,"IF you've ever played any Splinter Cell before, this is the best of all of the previous. The multiplayer is awesome, the story is sweet, and the gameplay top notch. If you like stealth games or are a fan of the series, pick this one up."
,Not Recommended,235600,13886294,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kyle Whybrew,"This is my first gambit into the Tom Clancy series and probably my last. The game had far too few save points and definitely has an emphasis on stealth. The graphics are impressive, but apparently I do not like “stealth” games. This game is a lot of waiting for the right time to sneak by or waiting for the right time to take someone down."
,Recommended,235600,11740670,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Potatosack,"I love stealth games and this one is amazing, but it! You'l love it!"
,Not Recommended,235600,19039162,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SpartaN,So i bought this game to play it with my friend but guess what ubisoft does not care about its servers so yeah you cant play online
,Recommended,235600,13928394,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Steph,"I bought this game purely for co-op, only to realize that co-op was a pain to get to work. After about 2 hours we finally got it to work. It's a hit or miss to get into Co-op. I had to restart the game over and over until I got the ""Press Shift F2"" for the overlay. Without the overlay showing up in the top right corner when you start the game, you will not be able to join co-op games. (Dont use the client invitation because you will only see a decline option).Do not buy this game at full price if you're buying for co-op only. There are only a few side missions you can do with your friends and it's not worth $30.00. I did however enjoy the game. The graphics were very nice (even though there were a lot of glitches), and the audio and voice acting was good. Uplay is the devil."
76561198041166395,Recommended,235600,31552788,Posted: 4 May,all,Nagidef,It's a pretty good game.
,Recommended,235600,33138577,Posted: 2 July,all,General Woundwort,"Find friends to play, mp is death."
76561198019426205,Recommended,235600,8051538,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Sgt Thomason (USMC),"Great game, Splinter Cell just gets better and better every time. Remember playing Splinter Cell when it came out on Xbox and enjoyed the lighting and graphics back in the day. Now the game has gone to where original was stealth and stay in the dark to where you can do both. Conviction was a good game but this one is so much better as far as game play goes."
,Recommended,235600,12391694,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,krzo69,"Stealth, epic, graphic and gameplay all mixed together. One of the coolest stealth games on the market10/10"
76561198066133173,Recommended,235600,8941283,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Guy Wild,"A very fun singleplayer game, and this is comming from a extreme multiplayer gamer. This, in the words of FrankieonPCin1080p  ""Makes you feel like a spy badass."""
,Recommended,235600,11178214,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Freakyller,This is game is the gamification of a perfect American thriller movie. 10/10 Sam Fisher is a beast.
76561198070450699,Recommended,235600,11192590,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ss.Muffin Man,"Splinter cell: blacklist was a very well made game overall, fun multiplayer mechanics customizble single player and multiplayer and looks great. there are still some odd bugs, and by that i mean really ODD. like a ragdoll shooting up to the stars. but i enjoyed and still enjoying the wonderfull co-op and super fun multi-player"
,Recommended,235600,11192948,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,DaddyTrump,"Awesome game, just wish more people were online!! But overall I would say this game is a 10/10!"
76561198042333306,Recommended,235600,11194703,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,markarot,soild story line and your able to actully fell the emotions of the charters great job ubisoft
,Recommended,235600,11195833,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Awpward,"This was an excellent game, thumbs up for everything except Uplay. Occassional bugs do appear, but they are insignificant. Eric Johnson does a great job at replacing Michael Ironside too!"
,Recommended,235600,11215358,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Defender of Sexyness,Awesome additon to the series. A good game that cater for both veterans and those new to the stealth genre.Top notch graphics and soundGreat weapon and gear customizationGreat level designsGreat storyVery well tailored and smooth gameplay mechanics.Probs the most intelligent AI ive ever encountered in a game.Defs reccomend if youre after a sweet action game.
,Not Recommended,235600,11234968,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Riptin,"Splinter Cell over the years has been a wonderful Franchise to play. Yet, this version on steam is absoutly horrific. You are faced with severe lag that can be be reduced down after fiddling with controls. However, some still remains that can not go away so if you basically make one mislick on keyboard your as good as dead. Maybe this game would be more easier to play had splinter cell decided not to go with uplay. After all Driver San Francisco which game first on uplay ran so WELL (it didn't, so many problems). Perhaps, throughout time there will be enough good patch updates to fix blacklist and make it more play friendly, but for now i would have to give them a 2 star rating out of 5."
,Not Recommended,235600,11237156,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,iwetmypants,"All ports confirmed open, no firewalls, no antivirus, nothing wrong anywhere, still cant play with my friend, totally impossible. 5 3-5 years ago it would be accepted but not anymore. Not very strangely, it has always been UBISOFT games that never worked for me."
76561198068536635,Recommended,235600,11244471,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Science Maiden,Great story with challenging stealth aspects as expected from any splinter cell game and lives up to the name
,Recommended,235600,11252079,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Fat Ninja Walrus,"i bought this game because i have been with the series from the very beginning, and because the game play is very enjoyable and well put togetherbut i want to make it clear that i IN NO WAY support the recasting of sam's voice actornew guy had some good lines that made me crack a smile or whatever but because of the new voice i couldn't help seeing him as 'standard movie action hero guy' instead of the dark humored, cold-hearted agent of efficiency (and occasional sass) that we all know and love. gameplay-wise it was fine, but it was lacking in the key characterization that made these games stand out so much from others in the espionage genre. i understand that apparently it's easier to do it with the full actor and motion capture instead of a voice actor and animation lip synching but it's not worth the saved time/money to lose such an important part of the SC universe.gameplay: 8/10VO: i'll give you a mulligan. DON'T DO IT AGAINP.S. - people need to stop whining about having to run it from Uplay. Uplay has been around since Assassin's Creed II and i've never had any problems with it."
76561198129491071,Recommended,235600,11254524,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,tuckerh1324,"This game is good.PRO-long story, lots of weapons, entirtaning campigenCON-lots of lags, is hard to understand unless youve played all the other SC"
,Not Recommended,235600,18965818,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,brisk540,Ubisoft sucks in general this game will not launch from steam nor will it launch from Uplay! Yes I was able to play a few hours yes they were good stopped playing for a short time to comeback and not be able to play a game I purchased with my money. There are no fixes as of yet and if they are I really have to go out of my way to even be able to fix it all in all stay away from ubisoft products they take your money without even considering if it is a finnished product or not.
,Recommended,235600,13743017,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,WitherBoy13,Awsome!
,Recommended,235600,8927177,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,lil pringles,AMAZING 10/10 -PringlesMan
,Recommended,235600,7877454,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,WhataCoolName,"Was fun, untill 1 hour later I was done with it. It's very short."
,Not Recommended,235600,14794944,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Wave,"I'm not much of a Splinter Cell fan and instead I've always prefered Metal Gear Solid series but even as a die hard MGS fan I have to say that Chaos Theory was one of the best stealth games ever made. Pure gold.SC Conviction felt like a mess and I never played it much but Blacklist looked promising so why not grab it from a sale?Here's a few things why not:Basically the cover system alone is enough for me to give this game a negative rating. You can get trough the ultimate tunnel run maps by going into cover in the beginning and then just smashing space so Fisherman runs from cover to cover on himself.In Chaos Theory you faced maps that had more enemies than you had bullets in total, in Blacklist you'll get resupplied a couple of times per map on a checkpoint.Executions, introduced in Conviction, are still here. On easier difficulties you can just mark the enemies and press a button and Fishy takes them all out.Multiplayer is just so amazingly screwed up that it's hard to describe. You maybe able to get in a game if you're lucky and willing to play with a completeRe-Tardrandom but don't even think about playing with your friends or anything. The invite system doesn't work and gives different excuses why you can't join the same game.All in all this could be a good game under a different name. Maybe I'm just an idiot but I can't enjoy playing a game like this when it's branded to be Splinter Cell, a flag bearer of PC stealth games, because it is not a Splinter Cell, it doesn'tfeellike a Splinter Cell in any point."
76561198050044752,Recommended,235600,10797499,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,I climb wall,"A very good game, one of the best stealth games ive ever played."
,Not Recommended,235600,13709075,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sans,"Even though this game is already pretty old I felt like it needed a review.I am fairly unsure about the game. It seems like a cheap re-do of Splinter Cell Conviction.Given the story and SOME of the gameplay, I would say sure. Its an okay game. I enjoyed the co-op, mostly because of the bugs to be honest.Pros:-Okay gameplay-Co-op-Single player campaign-a bit of difference between all the weapons and gear-fairly long playtime-a tick of realism. a very slight one.Cons:-The movement is completely ridiculous and horrible. Sprinting and cover is the same button. So you sprint to it and HOP over.-The multiplayer is fairly♥♥♥♥♥♥ given its from ubisoft etc.-The PvP is ridiculous. Hitbox detection and COD kniferunners add up here.-The Coop. Its really fun but most survival maps are just so crammed you never get the opportunity to do anything- If theres an explosion twenty metres away from you the enemy still knows that you are exactly behind the wall and under that desk. Just cause your mine exploded on the other side of the map.-AIMING AROUND COVER. Where far cry 3 makes everything right and Conviction takes over nicely, Blacklist puts objects in the way that still let YOU get hit but wont allow you to shoot back because the crossair is exactly at the edge of it.- Melee-ing enemies. So apperentaly you arent allowed to melee AI if they are alerted. Not even from behind while they shoot your partner. They just turn around and kick you in the stomach, then shoot you. I mean.. come on, 5 year old games already had better melee controls..-Bugs. I cant count em all. From jumping sideways to enemies shooting around corners, to grenades flying wildly because your people think its fun to turn around/stand up/ sit down while throwing so that the aiming-prediction thing gets screwed up by the grenade flying against some wall.. Its ridiculous.Would NOT recommend to buy, unless its 5€ or cheaper. And you need a friend for coop because the Multiplayer is bugs and bullhonkey gallore."
,Not Recommended,235600,13497855,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[KAIN]Ozmourne,"Ubisoft makes one of the best games out there, which are always half-finished at 50% & patched till 55%. And then well thats it, they dont give a damn anymore, they'l just move on to make another game while the previous game is not even finished or working properly. The amount of hackers online in Blacklist MP is also annoying, I highly recommend you do not buy this game, its just like any other Ubisoft game, half finished & broken. They are fixing Unity while all their previous titles are half dead. Whats the point"
,Not Recommended,235600,13487502,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[1L20] Kristifer Warren,Can not join a friend who doesn't even live that far from me. Ubisoft you have let us down yet again with the multiplayer.
,Recommended,235600,12384980,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,DannyDamian,"Works where it matters, but you're thumb will be on the 'SKIP CUTSCENE' button all too often."
,Recommended,235600,15271780,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ÐΓïƒ†ΣΓ,"This is the best Splinter Cell to date. Uplay can suck a bag of d**ks, but the game itself is great."
,Recommended,235600,14221525,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,VibrantNinja,this game is great its one of the few stealth games im decent at
76561197961640663,Recommended,235600,19521153,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ninja Coffee Inc.,"Stealth done right. Really dig the Co-op playthroughs, and gadgets galore to take down the baddies multple ways. Sad that not many play this, Great game, to bad not many play this, slipped through many o gamers radars!"
,Not Recommended,235600,19168517,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,Even if you have full of useless stealth ♥♥♥♥♥ you will have to kill everyone like a normal mediocre action shooter. Just call it ''Another 3rd Person Shooter Mindlessly Done'' and it wont sell that much.
76561198091084305,Recommended,235600,7186574,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Paulo,pra que gosta de um jogo de espionagem e ação este e o jogo o melhor da serie muito Bom vale apena.
,Recommended,235600,18700625,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ace,"I like SC. i played chaos theory, double agent, convic and black list.Single player. I love it.Co op, great if you found the right guy as your teammatesMultiplayer (SVM) russ*an guys everywhere. And also a cheater. What a noob."
,Recommended,235600,21189416,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Choggner,"Good SC game. Brought back the stealth/non-lethal options that were missing in Conviction. Not a huge fan of the point-based scoring on levels, but I'll manage. The co-op can be pretty fun. I don't really play the muliplayer versus stuff."
,Recommended,235600,20000978,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Darth Vader,"The game is quite nice but for some reason no 30 or 40 Radeon me ATI FPS not always 20 range Is the 4800 graphics card if you do not know Is the processor I do not understand why you get low fps, but the game engine is the same battlefield 3 as 20 fps smoothly but by BF3 to the game engine better 20 fps, 30 fps, it's like: D"
76561198055825801,Not Recommended,235600,20375186,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Punished Beef,"Would be an amazing game if uPlay actually kept a copy of your saved data on their ""cloud"" servers.Says i played 49 hours, though the game says i should start at the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,235600,20392590,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zerodyme,I've had enough of Ubisoft and their UPlay shenanigans!
,Recommended,235600,23559854,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Panda,One of my favourite games.
,Not Recommended,235600,21636957,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ユリアン,"If you want to play this as a co-op game, then dont buy it because u-play is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the campaign is ok."
,Recommended,235600,23783582,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,WidowmakeR,Its not that bad I guess...
,Recommended,235600,23231049,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DELPiSHO,9/10 another good splinter cell by sam fisher
76561198064596417,Recommended,235600,9708154,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Lt. Bratwurst,Amazing Game i say its a 10000000000000000000000000000 out of 1 it was the best splinter cell game i played in a while i love it cheers to Ubisoft for making so many great games hope there are many more and best wishes :D
,Recommended,235600,11270766,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Integra,The stealth mechanics are really good. I had fun playing the single player. Tho Spies vs Mercs was a complete let down for me. It's so unbalanced it's not even funny. In previous games it was actually all about stealth and trying to get away from the mercs as much as possible...now all I see are spies running straight towards me and spamming the e button. Consider buying it only for the single player.
76561198117793250,Recommended,235600,11280555,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RedChamelon,"really fun to play, whether you are playing alone or with a friend"
76561197999090814,Recommended,235600,11281787,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Russ Angel,"Back to form,a new Sam Fisher and a better entry than Conviction.I will go as far as to say this one and Chaos Theory are the highlights of the series for me,there just isn't much not to like here.The Deluxe is the one to get for the extras,and it's all replayable with the three different playstyles on offer even more than previous games in the series.I had a bit of a problem logging in with Uplay the other day and be fair the support was great the lads at Ubisoft couldn't do enough for me."
76561198068341472,Recommended,235600,27655402,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,j_holio_1,Love this games selection of weapons. Even better is the way to create loadouts I customise your play style through missions
76561198050708059,Recommended,235600,27677262,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,redux97,High replay value. You can play endless waves of co-op as well. This is a game I'd go out of my way to buy.
,Not Recommended,235600,29079422,Posted: 6 January,all,Arukas.D,"Because of Shadownet and all that ""Your friend had beat you on something I dont really care""♥♥♥♥♥♥  It drops me out of thestory more than play style score count does.And having a route to remind you that you are playing forever alone is quite annoying.Other than that, oh right, typical bug like stuck on a climbable wall.And that terrible interaction button when you need to open a window, jump in, then close it.Please ubisoft, don't make another attempt to make a good solo game online suck."
76561198160543205,Recommended,235600,26278732,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,{BULGARIA} IceKnight,Amazing stealth game...if you dont buy it now you will miss one cool adventure :)
,Recommended,235600,28917217,Posted: 1 January,all,Lykan,dhawudwuagag7sdwavdsuvadyuiwydwavdawvudvuasvud
76561198014068304,Not Recommended,235600,26329834,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dem0n1c_nerd,"The interface in this game is horrendous. You are forced to watch an FMV just to skip an introduction mission to get into a confusing modal interface. Once I finally realized the noise on the top left corner of the screen was an actual button I managed to get into the online game mode. Finally, I had to send a message via a carrier pidgeon to tell my friend to shut off the game. Then he was able to recieve an invite to play co-op. Luckily he was unable to connect to my session so I just gave up on this instead of suffering through it."
76561198331734901,Recommended,235600,26356568,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,THE NGARTI,what aktivate a key ?
76561198071443357,Recommended,235600,19275376,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cookie,♥♥♥♥ing amazing buy it now
76561198127557909,Recommended,235600,20154960,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Murda Baby,I need help! I buy the game to play with my friends but Multieplayer doesn't work. I mean can't find other players and can't join my firend's lobbys .... Please someone to tell me how to fix this problem.
76561198094927737,Recommended,235600,11843247,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Stary,Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell just can't get any better in every releases. Simply awesome! Sam Fisher is OLD!! HaHa! Love every details of this game series. :D
,Recommended,235600,11877408,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,MoonBearPig,this game like all splinter cells is da bomb you have to play it excellent story and multiplayer
,Recommended,235600,20821189,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Roostterdent,"Tom Clancy`s Splinter Cell BlacklistI Think we all know what is splinter cell is.Well If you Don`t Know Splinter Cell is one of greatest series that i have everplayed,why?well it`s because the story is really really good,the character,and many more.Splinter Cell.One of greatest stealth game in the world,in splinter cell we are gonna learn to patience,search the advantage,know the battlefield and the most important thing is shadow is your best friend in the entire game.Well in SC:Blacklist you are gonna find your playstyle,there are 3 different style1.Ghost2.Panther3.Tanker (I  forgot the name )in SC:Blacklist there was a point style,so that way you can compete with other people.Another Reason why SC:Blacklist is good is because the story,the of SC series always gonna make you love it,I think one of SC series that good beside Blacklist is Chaos Theory that beside the fact that chaos theory is good series.Another thing that Blacklist Bring to you is the multiplayer and co-op,if you need extra cash at Blacklist to buy your equipment well co-op is the one.co-op in blacklist is really gonna help you with Cash,there are so many side mission that you can do with your friend or anybody,multiplayer Multiplayer is same as co-op,in multi you are gonna compete with other people in different modebut the most people played is that hacked an guard.well i think SC:Blacklist is one of good series that i have ever play,i cannot wait for next series of Splinter Celland that all of my review of the gameGoodbye"
,Recommended,235600,18600807,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"This game is like playing hitman absolution game with purist difficulty without disguise.So if you like stealth game, this is a must play game.Pros:- Cool gadget- Easy to play with joystick- I love seeing mission briefing and how Sam killing joke with his serious face :D- Cool upgrades- Everytime i die and re-play. enemies have different route and behaviour. NICE FEATUREScons:- Stage mission too long, it's divided by too 2 - 5 parts i think. This make don't want to re-play game because i only want to play on specific part of the stage. Not really a minus point, but will be really great if allow us to choose which part we want to play.summary: AWESOME.I would love to have this game next series."
,Not Recommended,235600,24729915,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Pacemaker,"It unplugs my headphones randomly and usually when it does unplug them it does it multiple times, causing me to restart the game because the audio is gone in-game."
,Recommended,235600,23835389,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lewy02,Best coop so far
,Recommended,235600,23272867,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MabCeff,ı need a mate for coop! recently!
76561198297906261,Recommended,235600,23241413,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,kenan koparan,awesome game it is so fun :)
,Not Recommended,235600,14921965,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Regent | Fropanox,"The single player in this game is great. But if you want to play coop or multiplayer toss it out the trash. If you wanted to play spies vs mercs you have to be level 5 just to play te most popular gamemode. But no one plays the ones that are for new players! I feel like instead of making you reach a level they should just go ahead and let you play it. It makes the multiplayer lack in any fun. I sat in a lobby for hours and everyone that had come in to the lobby just left. Now about the coop, if your a low ranked people that are higher ranked are just going to leave. Rank in this game is really bad. Some people just want to play the game in multiplayer and coop but its all based around rank. Also, Uplay."
,Recommended,235600,13994154,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"This gem is among Ubisofts good games, before someone or a few important people became pill-popping alcoholics and started making abysmal business descisions. As someone foreign to this series I will tell you beforehand, I quite well enjoy this. Supposedly the previous games were almost entirely based on stealth where this one allows you, in most circumstances, to go loud.Multiplayer's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to get into but once you get used to it, you'll do just fine or at least well enough and for those wanting to do some coop, this game has plenty of side missions. It certainly isn't the best game ever but it may perhaps be one of if not the best games Ubisoft's put out recently, only nudged down into second place by AC: Black Flag. My only problem with this game is with how quickly the alarm sounds when someone notices you and everything about dogs."
76561198093120767,Not Recommended,235600,18472116,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Josef Whipzel,"Oh God, this game wont work for me. When I start the game 95% of the textures are invisible. Ubisoft needs to fix their game, so before you buy please consider the risk it wont work for you. I remember reading a comment like this and thing it'll be fine so watch out. (If anyone has a fix for this btw please help)"
,Recommended,235600,17932940,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Seven,Karambit: The Video Game
,Recommended,235600,17874086,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mungo_,"Stealth/Parkour based game that is like Assassin's Creed in the future. Use darkness to your advantage with your night vision goggles.Very fun, I r8 8/8"
,Recommended,235600,27658026,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Beat Λ Takeshi,best spy game
76561197984140497,Recommended,235600,28274457,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dagi,king game!
76561198149466790,Recommended,235600,27728810,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PardonTheSuit,"Regardless of how lod this game is, it is so much fun! I think that the main storyline is ok, but the side missions are where the fun really starts. I like to do things such as challenge myself durring these side missions, like force myself to only use one weapon type, or forcing myself to restart if I get detected. You might not think much of the multiplayer in a game like this, but I would say the multiplayer is one of the best parts of the game (Spies vs. Mercs). Spies vs. Mercs is a game where the spies are in 3rd person, and they use stealth to try and capture objectives. Mercs play in 1st person and try to defend the points using brute force. I also find it so much fun to play the game in the classic mode, whice means that there are two players on each team and no customization of classes. This might not sound like fun, but in classic mode, the map's brightness and light levels go down so much, you need to have a flashlight or night vision goggles to see on the map. This makes the game so much more interesting because it gives the game kind of a horror game type feel. Keep in mind that the mercs play in 1st person, so when they get taken down out of nowhere by the spies, it is terryfing.Great game! I would rate this 9/10."
76561198071086191,Not Recommended,235600,22282540,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PrideNHonor,"I really want to recommend this game, but sadly i cant. A friend of mine already had this game and he suggested it to me so i bought it from steam and he had it from uplay.The game would just not connect. It seems uplay users didnt get a patch and this causes these problems. So wanna coop? You cant.Wanna play pvp together? You cant.Wanna play pvp solo? You can. But get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked most matchs in the start. But its still funa nd tactical. So buy this game for the solo experience and do not expect the coop♥♥♥♥♥♥that is written on this page anymore."
76561198167232381,Not Recommended,235600,22148420,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MkdDas,"What kind of game nubisoft make,when you bye the game for the first time server will crash bla bla,how the time go on the game have so few players in the game so it's not  worth buying like every nubisfot game!"
,Not Recommended,235600,22105782,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ephiraal,"Something didn't feel right as I started up the game, then Sam Fisher spoke. The gruff, long serving veteran of black operations had become a dandyfied momma's boy. I pressed on, then I saw Kobin; a character who previously looked like a bad guy but now had big blue eyes, an athletic build... basically, a fan art version of the character....No."
76561198119380736,Not Recommended,235600,13301725,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,/RG\ Death_Star,"decent game, but it runs off of Ubisoft...ergo♥♥♥♥♥♥ Glitches and Bugs.....Coop was buggged as well....pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235600,11282416,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MoKat,"Great game, would recommend this to anyone who wants to really be put into an immersive game that requires strategy and good decision making"
,Recommended,235600,14936584,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,⚡S!LENT⚡,Just played through the third time still think its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but pretty short.EDIT : Played through it for the fourth time.
,Recommended,235600,23263138,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RattleAndHum,"My first review on Steam,I bought this game 4 days ago while it was having a discount, this game is enjoyable tho not so pure at 'stealth'. But it's worth the money.Anyway, add me on steam if you need partner to play Co Op or multiplayer"
,Recommended,235600,25200864,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,! 0 t A,Had fun playing the campaign which was engaging and had different elements and a decent paced story. Definitely a one time play.
76561198278229582,Recommended,235600,25260344,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,The Captain K,"I bought this game, because I had just recently become interested in the Splinter Cell series. Chaos Theory I played on the PS2, and since then I've wanted to try more of them. Blacklist is a good game, but it does have a few let downs.I've had no issues with the single-player campaign, except that the PC version doesn't have split-screen cooperation like my PS3 copy does.Multiplayer, competitively, has a learning curve. The game tries to address this by enforcing a strict one-to-five-rank lock. Unfortunately, once you reach rank 6 you are immediately thrown to the wolves, who're rank 56-- with probably over 300 hours of gameplay.Thankfully, this game's multiplayer is still functioning though. I can find a match with little effort now, but that may be because of the time I log in to play. I find the game is most active late at night (Central Time, USA).The stealth aspect seems a little watered down (but not absent), but perhaps that's because Chaos Theory had a way of hostiles noticing a pin-drop.Spies versus Mercs is fun, but I've encountered far too many experienced players as opposed to beginners like myself."
,Recommended,235600,18434538,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The Guest,7/10
76561198409266701,Not Recommended,235600,34826155,Posted: 8 September,all,Sim_Sky,it no work what ze f word
76561198047909180,Not Recommended,235600,34804526,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkMatter,"Depends how much you like tom clanacy. If you live tom well god help you, you probably don't have a life and could probably waste hours in this propaganda fantasy world."
,Not Recommended,235600,34857781,Posted: 10 September,all,SamLeeds,"game simply doesnt start, its been released 4+ years and pretty much everyone has to mess around searching forums to find a way to play it. Ridiculous, currently trying to get re fund"
,Not Recommended,235600,17031297,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sergeant Hamlet,"I can't even play the game because uPlay is offline, and won't let me log into offline mode because it can't check my login credentials because agin, it's offline. ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft; stop hoisting this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on us."
,Recommended,235600,10941184,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Heresticus,This game is fantastic. Loved every moment of it. MUST BUY.90/100
,Not Recommended,235600,10211773,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,flattin_machine,"This game is SO MUCH pro-American, I've almost puked every time there's been a cutscene. The only level where killing is prohibited is where all the enemies are American. They have even placed a notice in the beginning of a game telling us that it was not ordered neither by CIA, nor by NSA. Well, now I think that it was.The dialogs are pathetic: ""Talk, or I'll kill you!"", ""Screw you!"", ""I've got intel for you!""...And a damned QTE scene as a final chord: mash a single button to win! Oh, you've been doing it not fast enough, go replay from the last chechpoint!Too many irritating components in this game! Sorry, Ubisoft, but I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,235600,6478188,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,★Moscow Five★LetMePlay,просто супер!!!
76561198067478543,Recommended,235600,6494184,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,The Poundland Thief,"A really, really cool game to a franchise I really loved.If you are into stealth games and stealth mechanics then THIS is the game for you10/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,22307587,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mayster101,"Very straightforward game, stealth mechanics are fun and the story is decent, but the game is very linear and has little replay value. A one-time playthrough sort of game"
,Not Recommended,235600,22309655,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AquaSlime,I want Uplay to take it up the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198103252611,Not Recommended,235600,22099254,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,BigfootLee,don t ever buy any Ubi product
76561198202767932,Not Recommended,235600,21933054,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,quinnhonda,I purchased the dlc game and can't play the dlc game. wtf
,Recommended,235600,23554105,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Mrblackboard212 [SOTA],"this game is legen (pause for how i met your mother refrence) dary. the single player is pretty dope but the game shines in its spys vs mercs gamemode. atm not as many people are on searching for games at the same time, which leads to it feeling dead however the following steam grouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/SpysVsMercshas been made to try and bring the community together who want to play this epic gamemode. so dont be afrid to buy this amazing game and just join the group so u can find people online when u are."
,Recommended,235600,9063195,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr McSuave,"A return to classic Splinter Cell after 2010's Conviction, Blacklist cranks everything up a notch. Better customization, graphics, gameplay and action make this entry one of the best stealth games I have ever played.Sure the story isn't excellent, and one character in particular is annoying pretty much whenever he opens his mouth, but there are some really great moments that along with the quality gameplay make it quite a lot of fun. And now with the options of different 'playstyles' you get rewarded howeveryouwant to play."
,Not Recommended,235600,17013316,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,{OFA} Cap'n Speirs,"Ubisoft, get your trash together and PLEASE either kill Uplay or make it work. Tried 3 Computers, still no luck. Complete waste of time and monies. All because you greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s think you need your own crappy DRM Service.  Only playtime is either Uplay updating or that one time it booted up. (30FPS lock yay!)"
,Not Recommended,235600,30936478,Posted: 3 April,all,Kaaskril,"Love it! I havent played Splinter Cell in years, I did not realise how great it gotEDIT: Cant play online with friends, no support from Uplay"
,Recommended,235600,27042026,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CSGO Sux,Saying in 2016! This is one of the best stealth and Co-Op game available. 666/69 would recommend.
,Recommended,235600,23535643,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,krokaps,Gorgeous.This game is even better than Chaos Theory!
76561198166741136,Recommended,235600,23544018,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,jackfrost2003,good but after a while the sound cut only online
,Recommended,235600,11671644,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Archemas,"Full reviewDoes the game have a fun core mechanic that is replayable? YesThe sneaking elements are great, and the way to go about missions is somewhat entirely up to you. You can choose to directly go into a battle if the mission doesn't have a stealth requirement, or you can choose to look around and plan for the right route with the least amount of enemies. One of the very neat tricks was the marking system. Although I didn't use it, marking 3 enemies and taking them down feels very satisfying especially if they are close to one another and no alarms go off. One of the best parts of the game is that they try to award the player for successfully sneaking around enemies in certain rooms. You get more points for exploration, not harming enemies, etc. It seems like a good way to get people to try and be more sneaky, atleast it worked with me.Is the story good? NoSimply put, this is not a good story. Well, it didn't grab my attention well enough. Apparently this terrorist named Sedic? (Probably butchered his name, but I am not bothered to look it up) is trying to get troops out of...wherever to start a war I think? I have no idea, it got very confusing very fast as it felt like the main terrorist tried to change his goal multiple times throughout the story. On top of that, it was as if Sam Fisher had a personal vendetta against this guy. I have no idea if he was in an earlier title, but Sam made it seem like there was a stronger score to settle than just the big task at hand. One thing that truly bothered me was how the game believed I was playing it. Being a Metal Gear Solid fan I picked up non lethal weapons and took enemies down that way if need be. Somewhere along the line, well actually multiple times, a guy named Charlie who is part of your team talks about different ways to kill enemies. I personally didn't like that because well I wasn't playing the game like that. I was going out of my way to be non lethal, and even more so when the game told me how to kill people. In certain parts of the story you get to choose who lives and dies as it asks you to kill or spare multiple people, and in doing so I believe it affects the ending of the game. Even with this the game could not manage to find out that I wasn't killing people. It was really annoying because it simply felt like my decisions didn't exist until the very end. One thing that truly got on my nerves above all else was that the player was given information directly and Sam never knew about said information. Not only does that make the information invalid to me, but I(The player) am playing as Sam Fisher. If he doesn't know about this side info, I don't want to know about it either. Introduce it to me through him.Does the game look good? NoAlthough some lens flares here and there helped the game stand out, the reason I say that this game did not look good was simply by one reason alone. Faces. Somehow they couldn't manage to grasp a realistic face or a better texture of hair for that matter. Maybe I am over looking this because this is from last gen, but it seriously did not look good. I did not like watching the cutscenes simply because the faces shown were not good looking at all. They felt unfinished or just not cared for. As if that was the last thing on their minds when developing this game. Other than that though, the game had its ups. Like level design was very pretty at times and lights and shadows worked just as well as you would expect in a Splinter Cell game. The one thing that I really hated was when they gave you the context for the next objective. In Conviction they really nailed telling you what to do next. They would add text to a wall or something similar and make it look like a shadow or something of the sort, something I thought looked great and was put into the game with thought. Here they just throw it in the sky, or over something, and it doesn't really make much sense. Still that is something small, so no points taken away because of that.Is the game properly optomized? YesThis game is properly optomized with every option you would expect for a PC title.Overall the game lacks in certain areas, and excels in others. The gameplay is fun and exciting. Being awarded the way you want to play it feels great. Not just forcing the player to play sneakily but just simply encouraging it was a step in the right direction and something they did well. The only problem here was the story and...the faces. If they just through me into the game without any direction or any plot, just a man and a mask with upgradable weapons I think I would have prefered the game more. But that is subjective and open to interpretation. I feel like they could have at the very least created a better story.6/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,29051732,Posted: 5 January,all,AniZee,"I bought this game so that I could play Co-op with my buddies, but the multiplayer is really bugged. You cannot connect with your friend through steam or Ubisoft's servers. I immediately took a refund. Do read online reviews once before buying this bucket of turd."
76561197980697683,Not Recommended,235600,20230854,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cat Fart,UPlay
,Recommended,235600,18335501,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,specialcoyote,"I liked it, it was definitely a good break from playing the normal MMO."
,Recommended,235600,18397539,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Milton,amazing fun
76561198078619367,Recommended,235600,18262216,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Петушок,Got to say one of my favorite stealth games of all time.  Had so much fun playing
76561198049260692,Recommended,235600,18415945,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kez,It's all right.
76561198113746271,Not Recommended,235600,18192300,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GANDOLFtheGAY,buy chaos theory..... multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ with broken spys and mercs.
,Recommended,235600,18406895,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Essaldun,spent over 350 hours replaying the story missions and side missions all solo on every difficulty. this game is awesome but no one plays online. if you want to spend time and figure out every way to dispatch rooms of guys its wonderful.
76561197990315235,Not Recommended,235600,18383237,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,POKE,"Crashes before you can even play, total waste of money."
,Recommended,235600,18319556,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BigGuy4040,Amazing piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198002634100,Recommended,235600,14137404,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Fredward Mcstoner,big boss approves!!!
,Recommended,235600,18446302,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PokerPeasant,Had frame rate issiues but it looks like a fun game :)
,Recommended,235600,33415203,Posted: 9 July,all,Feiglingmörder,"I love the open-world ""architecture"" of the game and its open levels. There are a wide variety of ways to complete all available objectives, and almost everything may be customized according to individual players' preferences.I've noted that some players opine that the open-world aspect is a liablility rather than an asset, but I seriously doubt they understand precisely what ""open-world"" actually is."
,Recommended,235600,26347426,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Amir.P,Ubisoft Please announce the next SP
,Recommended,235600,14892580,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,goka9696,"35+ hours of playing multiplayer in past 2 weeks aka just 1 week.Singleplayer is fun too, but Spies vs Mercs is golden"
76561197960450314,Recommended,235600,34739593,Posted: 4 September,all,Sly Silver,Easily the best Splinter Cell game made. Highly recommend to all that enjoy stealth based games!
,Recommended,235600,4349808,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,PirkTV,Огонь! Как всегда - огонь! Только через Юплей играть не удобно
,Recommended,235600,34745119,Posted: 4 September,all,yourself,Very good stealth game with some tight action sequences if you want them. I find this game to be better than its modern day peers. Fantastic!
,Not Recommended,235600,17662388,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,chris3582,"SUCKS...got so frustrated on the first mission, I never played it again."
76561198082369568,Not Recommended,235600,28791732,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ThatUnoriginalGuy,"Very, very bland overall and the graphics are underwhelming. If you have a friend to play with it makes the experience far better. I personally preferred Conviction to this game. The running story is very generic and never accentuates on any interesting aspect of it, it just moves right along from one mess to another. Still a fun stealth game but it definitely has its faults."
,Recommended,235600,28822759,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Flerovium,Best spy game i've ever play 9.5/10
,Recommended,235600,32102406,Posted: 1 June,all,Hazelsky,Good
,Recommended,235600,28824815,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nertuen,"I liked the story alot, but what really makes the game great for me are the coop missions, which you can play with friends. The multiplayer is also not bad, but there aren't alot of players playing."
76561197991029974,Recommended,235600,31949593,Posted: 25 May,all,The_Sorrow_13,Enjoyed it
,Recommended,235600,32012408,Posted: 27 May,all,MDZZ,Good stealth game~
,Recommended,235600,34773373,Posted: 6 September,all,Deagle Fisher,"First of all, if you're planning on getting all DLC, buy the deluxe version, it's easier cos everything is pre-activated... I spent hours trying to connect to Ubisoft to redeem my code just to get the ""service is not available at this time"" etc...As for the game, I dig it. Yes it's different to the old ghost style games, some would say more casual, but playing it on higher difficulties proves to be worth it. The story is decent, graphics are solid, PC performance is ok most of the time, with the occasional stutter, nothing that will ruin the overall experience. So yes, I think it's worth buying, especially if it's on sale!"
,Recommended,235600,26587496,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SnootBooper,-Move mouse over dudes-Press ALT 3 times-Press CTRL-Game plays itself-Win-10/10
76561198120650301,Not Recommended,235600,35050473,Posted: 18 September,all,YoshiRider,"Fans of stealth games have to have played splinter cell...the first two parts. After Conviction (good story but a little too much of a shooter), Blacklist allows more stealth again. However... the storyline is bad, really bad and this makes Blacklist the worst part of this frainchise."
,Recommended,235600,8270568,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Julveyo,"That is definitely the best Splinter Cell which was made, but all these flash games (Gone Dark, App Bot), a pop up numbers during the gameplay are making this game like it's some f2p game.The multiplayer is dead and good luck to find anyone for COOP missions, because most of the dialogues between F&B will be lost, sometimes F will be speaking only with himself w/o getting an answer, like a truly insane spec on retirement.The graphic is very outdated, they should to drop LEAD and move on to something new."
,Recommended,235600,27621943,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alchemist,no stealth for me :D
76561198212811564,Recommended,235600,26010177,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WOLF,GREAT GAME
76561198061151641,Recommended,235600,21915259,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VirginBuster,One of my favorite stealth game
,Recommended,235600,21305065,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,<3,"Игра говорит сама за себя, очень интересный сюжет. Геймплей сделан куда лучше чем в прошлых частях, управление стало проще. Мультиплеер немного напоминает из 007: Квант милосердия, но это быстро забывается. очень развита система прокачки, большой выбор оружия и примочков к ним, всем советую."
,Recommended,235600,7849497,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Perforation,Very Fun Game
,Recommended,235600,14872945,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dead acc pls find new one,*homer simpson voice*SPIDER-SAM! SPIDER-SAM!DOES WHATEVER A SPIDER CAN!WHEN HE SWINGS FROM A WEB*mindless blurbling of lyrics*COMEONNNN HES A SPIDER SAM! (fisher)
,Recommended,235600,27936894,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xfnepzzz,gg
,Not Recommended,235600,13453313,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Animus,"Don't buy this if you want to play with friends, the coop system simply does not work."
76561198259382973,Not Recommended,235600,20996713,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,#ЯкатаДупара,ne mi stava ne q kupuvaite
76561198098552317,Recommended,235600,34866785,Posted: 10 September,all,PuffyPuff,It launched
76561197990285930,Recommended,235600,35034019,Posted: 17 September,all,navydog65,Activation key not working on this game.
,Not Recommended,235600,35038041,Posted: 17 September,all,Jyn Erso,"Pathetic, should be freeware. Not anywhere on par with the previous Splinter Cell storyline. Could be a decent stealth game if you weren't constantly reminded that this whole game is a sham without the original voice actors. This is the turning point when Ubisoft gambled people would purchase anything they put out there. Didn't work out so well for them."
76561198170423950,Recommended,235600,35205983,Posted: 25 September,all,Galactic Pepe,turbo da
,Not Recommended,235600,34887290,Posted: 11 September,all,SmokeScreenGamer,"I can'r even run this game no matter what I do, it won't connect to Uplay and there is no way the game even starts up."
76561198067906552,Not Recommended,235600,34990992,Posted: 16 September,all,GHOSTLY_TOAST,"Constant crashes, often right before a checkpoint. A shame really because the game itself is great."
,Not Recommended,235600,35035931,Posted: 17 September,all,Pr0n,If you're buying this game for co-op don't bother. There's not enough co-op levels for more than a couple nights of play.
76561198342193229,Not Recommended,235600,35043432,Posted: 18 September,all,mr:bulldops,the game just wont work
,Recommended,235600,7622914,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Best Splinter Cell to Date!I played 60+ hours, beat the campaign three times (twice on perfectionist), played all the co-op missions, and played a hefty amount of the spies v mercs, so i know this game inside and out.Gameplay - Engaging, accurate, hair-raising steath and combatGraphics - Stunning graphics with unique areas, fluid animations, and relatively easy to runStory - Fascinating storyline that encourages unique play throughs each timeOnline - Co-op missions are fun to play with a friend and spies v mercs is just perfectOverall - 9.5/10 As close to perfect as a game can hope for, this game will ensure another 10 years of splinter cell!"
,Recommended,235600,18516937,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Hausu,"Where do I even begin with this game. First off ive been playing this game for about 7 years now and every playthrough ive had of it was exellent. There is alot of variety when it comes to builds. There is the obvious Light/Dark or Grey option for the game but there is also Force user builds, Ranged builds, Pure combat focused guardian, etc. I find the combat to be enjoyable (In my opinion) since its tactical and you can really plan attacks and things of that sort. Take DA:0 for example. Its pretty much the same system. You can start with 3 beginning classes: Guardian (Combat focused), Sentinel (Better skill progression), and Consular (Force powers). You then later in the game get different set of prestige classes depending on your allignment. Now, lets get to the writing of the game. This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen. You'll see once you play it for yourself. The reason I prefer this game slightly over the first is just because I prefer the darker, philosophical, grey aspects of the atmosphere and story a bit better (Kotor 1 is also one of my favorite games). Anyways, this game presents the idea that Dark is not necessarily evil and Light isnt nessesary good and you really get to see the Flaws of both sides. For example, you play as the Jedi Exile, who was exiled from the Jedi order for rusing to war to protect innocents. The Jedi were lazy and waited to ""evaluate the threat"". The dialouge and voice acting in this game is absolutely fantastic (Especially Kreia). For this game, you dont even need to be a fan of Star Wars. A non Star Wars fan would look at this game and just play an RPG. However a Star Wars fan would look at this and play an amazing Star Wars RPG. The reason for this is because the game is set in an era wayyy before the Movies. One flaw however, would be the cut content presented this game. Obsidian (The developers) were rushed to release this game by lucasarts, resulting in them needing to cut out content for the game. Luckily, a group of community modders managed to get into the games files and restore alot of the content that was cut. You can find the mod on the steam workshop. Anyways, hurry up and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed."
76561197993568251,Not Recommended,235600,18462467,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,WASSUMATTERU,"game demands activation code to be entered. Don't have one, can't find where to get one, whats up???!!!"
,Not Recommended,235600,18476847,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Arcrain,uplay sucks
,Recommended,235600,14882227,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Macca,"Single Player is awesome, multiplayer is great when not full of hackers and enough people are playing. Worth £5-£10 just for single player though."
,Recommended,235600,8277210,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mr. Matt,"Yes, Michael Ironside is no longer voicing Sam Fisher. I liked him, but the new voice actor does just fine and I forgot about the difference almost immediately because the game is so enjoyable. Ever feel like Splinter Cell games are just a set of missions one after the other with one page of text and some voice acting in between? This game revolutionizes Splinter Cell by having your team available to walk up to in between missions and talk to them about the last mission or current state of affairs. Not only that, but each team member has four ""side missions"" you can play either solo or in co op!The side missions are NOT rehashes of the single player campaign like most games tend to do. These are missions of four types (full stealth enemy elimination, waves of baddies, full stealth target acquisition, and missions akin to the single player campaign. You can upgrade your base of operations to get new guns, ability to spot hidden stuff at a distance to guarantee you won't need a damned walkthrough to 100% everything, faster health regen, etc. I never even -touched- the competitive multiplayer part of the game (spies vs mercs), but I hear it's good. That's just not my thing.Anyway, I got the game for $34.99 (Deluxe, I think) and am completely pleased with my purchase. I've bought games for under $2.00 and felt like I wasted money, so this should be some sign of my level of satisfaction! Great game."
76561198031458486,Not Recommended,235600,13869968,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,"Not only does Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ you over by adding Uplay, they also ♥♥♥♥ you over even more by not fixing the multiplayer! And right after ♥♥♥♥ing you over twice - they even go as far as telling you ""It's a fault at your end, fix it yourself"" when asked how to actually play the multiplayer with a friend! Good job EA... I mean, Hitler... I mean, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,235600,13866480,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,d.STARRR    wNe,This game is a cool thirdpersonshooter =)The story is interisting and long ^^The graphic is very NICE !!!The fun that you have in the game is 90% :D
,Recommended,235600,17433885,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ZeroHQ/Adham,"Now i am no tom clancy fanboy this is the first one i have ever played,but i have a bit of a background about the story(yes i know its wierd i did my research) this game is badass simulator 2000 whatever ♥♥♥♥ing year you are in , mechanics are simple and Majestic <3 but♥♥♥♥♥♥crank up the difficulity and get ready for some♥♥♥♥♥whopin'Pros+Sam Fisher is a total badass+You are a total badass+Badass is you+too many toys :Dcons-Sam fisher isnt a fish :("
76561198100248967,Not Recommended,235600,35445117,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,Good game but i cant play with my friends and i dont really ♥♥♥♥ing want to fix it because im lazy blyad.
76561198019286606,Recommended,235600,15922730,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,satyreslym,It's a good game once you get the right gear.So you have to spend the money wisely.But i bought the DCL Homeland and I have not been able to get it to work yet.
,Recommended,235600,10501782,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,Because it`s an amazing epic game xD at least for me.
,Recommended,235600,31016033,Posted: 8 April,all,qqrt-p,..
,Recommended,235600,30931434,Posted: 3 April,all,Trusted Misleader,"Where's my sequel, you hacks?"
,Recommended,235600,4171816,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,'OnlyMe..,GAME OF THE YEAR .. For me ^^
76561197964265625,Not Recommended,235600,23210200,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,fLerrY,"Bought this game to play COOP with a friend. (he bougth it also in steam).... ended up in 3 hours checking why it didnt work. (forums, youtube: port forwarded, deinstalled tungle, vpn ect.) A lot of other people complain about this issue as well. ubisoft dont give a sh*t on supporting.Same problem with other ubisoft games.LAST GAME I BOUGHT FROM UBISOFT!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,235600,12143337,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Luke Is Cool³ (I QUIT VIDYA),"Worst game ever. No Steam overlay becasuse of Uplay, which means no screenshots for Steam. Also, everytime I switch out of the game (which is often, I have 2 monitors), it reverts back to 1600x900 windowed mode. Which means everytime I have to go back into video settings and reselect ""Fullscreen and 1980x1080"" again. That is tedious as hell. This is inexcusable for a game that was released last year, I don't ever want to play it anymore.I don't think I'll be buying another Ubisoft game on PC."
,Not Recommended,235600,12740196,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ShadowDancer,"Apart from Thi4f, Splinter Cell Blacklist has been the biggest disappointment in gaming for me this year. In my view, Splinter Cell is about sneaking behind enemy lines, completing your mission without being seen, using cool gadgets and saving the world with a hero who feels authentic and badass at the same time. At first glance Blacklist has all of that - apart from the good old Sam Fisher, who was replaced by a new model and voice actor, for reasons I cannot understand. The game looks alright, the story is interesting and the new gameplay features are worth a try. But theres one thing, which completely blows this iteration in a beloved series apart: The checkpoint system. I play Splinter Cell by planing every move, trying out different approaches and saving everytime a plan worked. This is not possible anymore. After trying the same level on hard for ten times, Splinter Cell is over for me. RIP Sam."
,Not Recommended,235600,28148164,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dead-Ass Kelp Licker,Uplay.
,Not Recommended,235600,25871737,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,WHITEOUTHDX,"HAVE NOT GOTTEN TO PLAY, GAME CRASHES"
76561197993464185,Not Recommended,235600,13096396,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,destroyhimmyrobot,"Do yourself a favor and do not buy this game. Ubisoft has once again delivered a very sub-par PC port, It black screens or crashes constantly and uplay has corrupted my save file 3 TIMES!! I tried running it on another computer and I get a ton of different problems money earned from missions dissapears and weapons I've unlocked are now locked again seriously WTF! I only play games for single player so online may be good but I doubt it. This was i real dissapointment for me I was hoping for a updated Chaos Theory and ended up paying $60 for a HUGE headache."
,Not Recommended,235600,23220085,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,v1000,Coop doesn't work.-Refunded
,Not Recommended,235600,19499983,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ekis,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is a game with unfulfilled potential, which is even worse then a game that is outright bad. The whole dumbed down approach to the game reeks of console port and the only thing decent about it are the graphics and audio, which is on par with other games but nothing to write home about. The frame rate is a stable 30 on my system, regardless if anything is actually going on or not.Controls are wonky and sluggish, removing all precision from a game that is supposed to be a stealth game. In actuality though, it handles more like a shooter with cover tacked on to it and some stealth elements added in as an afterthought. Splinter Cell Blacklist is very far removed from the original Splinter Cell, and for fans of stealth games it has very little to offer.To add insult to injury, they have also tied this game to uplay, meaning if you do not agree to having additional software running on your machine, then you can't play this at all, which frankly is probably just as well. Naturally, you will have to make an account for uplay as well for no gameplay-reason whatsoever.3/10, could be improved by better quality assurance from ubisoft and skipping the completely unnecessary uplay disservice."
76561198020575696,Not Recommended,235600,21288329,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,-=WAR=-,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAEM
76561198141024614,Not Recommended,235600,17001066,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kenkohobo.com,"I was always a fan on the Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell series, but after this game not soo much.Splinter Cell Conviction was an amazing game, but this is just a load of horse sh*t.3.5/10 the invention of the Wii U wasn't as bad as this."
,Not Recommended,235600,26309442,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ironcool,Coop just didnt work at all maybe it was just me but the menu screens are so cluttered and it literally took me an hour and a half to be able to figure out how to do coop and it didnt even work.The game however has a good single player.
76561198132780231,Recommended,235600,31606989,Posted: 7 May,all,LM,Gud
,Recommended,235600,8000140,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ARIKO♥,"It is first time to play such a stealth thing. So excited and so fun! But it is hard for me :-(,and Uplay luncher♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off!"
,Not Recommended,235600,7856757,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Brother-Captain the sweetest,get it so we can play 2 player
,Not Recommended,235600,18468440,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,TribalHARRY,"For the love of gaming, avoid this rubbish. Just like all the other negative reviews, Uplay makes the game next to unplayable. I was getting constant crashes and getting kicked back to desktop. Each time I would have to reload it up and after about another 10-15 minutes, it would do it again, losing my saves. This is something that would put you off in the first place, that's before you've heard about the campaign.As for the game including the campaign, it’s a meh. If you've played Hitman or something like Sniper Elite, you've done it all before. The AI is horrible, you can walk right past them and they won't notice anything unless you stand right in front of them, I mean like, on their toes. The character models look hideous and as if they've been squashed vertically and look very out of place in regard to the environments (which look disgusting and dated anyway). The campaign is crap. Go here, get him, go there, kill him. Just armature stuff.I got this on sale for £4.99 with all the DLC, and I've asked for a refund. What does that tell you? Seriously, avoid this crap."
76561198051139057,Not Recommended,235600,23493114,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,VimParaMorrer,"Some games of the series were really good. This one, pretty bad. Full of bugs and its far from being smooth to play."
,Not Recommended,235600,13302484,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Marashni,10/10 Would stealth again.
76561198058846879,Recommended,235600,8232680,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HITLER'S DILDO,♥♥♥♥♥ MONEY WEED
76561198114542525,Not Recommended,235600,24465421,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sorcerer44,why do I need to sign up to Uplay?
,Not Recommended,235600,12956326,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Quackman,"One major league problem that is practically game breaking...If you're running towards cover and press the 'cover' button whilst pressing 'w' you actually vault over cover instead of entering it. Combine this with a lack of quicksave, and ♥♥♥♥ me sideways, this game is frustrating.If you can find a mod that fixes this then go for it, it's a great game, the download is huge, but the game is a load of fun.I would personally recomend Conviction over this though, Deniable Ops is sadly absent."
,Not Recommended,235600,15875368,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Tomb_Raider_Legend (t.A.T.u),"This game really disappoints the old school stealth loving Splinter Cell fans like me. This one is more about shooting and killing, just like the new generation games. I don't see any fun I had of the old Splinter Cell games in this one."
,Not Recommended,235600,10518321,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DISTORTION,"complatley crap nothing like the origional splinter cells which were very good, it does not have the sneak around aspect like the others did it's more like ghost recon you run take cover and then shoot them, and thats not like the previous ones because you would fail."
,Recommended,235600,26036669,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bman With No Internet,gud
76561198164389258,Recommended,235600,25978698,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,JackOfKnives,"It's a great game, nukes, leather, guns, sexual tension between a white guy and a black guy, trip lasers it has it all."
,Not Recommended,235600,14102138,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Saren,"*Multiplayer Review since i'm not that intrested in the singleplayer*The multiplayer is really intresting and fun, but the only thing that makes it bad is CHEATERS and lack of players sometimesAtleast 70% of players i have played with are cheaters that use speedhack, wallhack, and some kind of through-wall melee attack. **AND YOU CAN'T EXIT MULTIPLAYER MATCHES TO GET OUT OF MATCHES WITH CHEATERS**If there were more players, a report option, and having the ability to exit games it would be 9.5/10| 5/10 |"
,Not Recommended,235600,18260505,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Alexander,"Pros-Challenging stealth mechanics and gameplay-Very smart AICons-Difficulty is not well balanced-Single player felt a bit short-4E missions constantly try to shove co-op down your throat while in single player-Single player unlocks bound to co-op and multiplayer missions (seriously why? Not everyone wants to play with a screeching 12 year old on the internet)-Story was boring-Character were, with the exception of Cobin, annoying as balls and lifeless-Uplay (just, stop, just stop already)-Panther playstyle? Is just stealth with murder...-Combat... This is supposed to be a stealth game, not codI give it 2 ** out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,235600,174653,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,nutcrackr,"Great sequel that brings the franchise back to traditional stealth. Varied gadgets, solid AI systems and great level design. Offers quite a good amount of content in the single player along with co-op and Spies vs Mercs. Much better than Conviction and up there with Chaos Theory."
76561198030685674,Recommended,235600,23061493,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Predator,if you like the Bourne films... you can see where im going here.
,Recommended,235600,3316612,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,RUBBER BULLETS...,Great Solo Play
,Not Recommended,235600,13614273,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Big Loaf,"Strays away from the usual Splinter Cell. Tries too hard to be a stealthy military shooter, fails at it. As if the game is lost in what it should be.Looks good, sounds good. But the the gameplay is really bland and the story is really anticlimactic. The game just abruptly ends and the ending is quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you're looking for a Splinter Cell game, get Conviction. It is so much better, the story, the play style... everything.Avoid this Sphincter Cell game."
,Not Recommended,235600,13719052,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[Afew],"Wow, I thought this game was going to be fun, instead it turned out to be a polished turd. Looks great, feels great, but the gameplay sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay GTFO steam IN"
76561198040193963,Not Recommended,235600,18214291,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,felius_rex,"I have two major complaints about this game.  The first one is game related:  The controls are badly written and slow to respond to commands.  The game seems to have it's idea of what you should be doing and seems to resent if you want to do something different.  This is makes the game frustrating and unenjoyable.However my biggest complaint is Ubisofts crapware DRM garbage: uplay.  It won't let you play the game you bought unless you have an active account, doesn't give you the option of where it installs itself, and probably phones home with private information.  I'm really sorry I bought this game now, and I for certain won't be so trusting of steam and certainly won't be making as many purchases since I'll need to read, research and investigate all the games from them in order to not get bent over again."
,Not Recommended,235600,22491353,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Hairy Gluteus Maximus,:(
76561197998068471,Not Recommended,235600,26402913,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Loco,"THIS RATING ONLY CONCERN THE SOLO PART OF THE GAMEWhere do I start the new running mechanic is terrible when you wanna run from cover to cover your character just jump over the cover and that is so annoying I died at least 20 times because of it. After that the stealth is not even there anymore. There's a train part in the game that the only the accomplish it is to kill or subdue everyone you cannot ignore them and try to go around the enemies. The game was made so you have to kill everybody. That train part is impossible on perfectionist  because you get instant kill at a certain part in the mission. The only way to accomplish it is to take advantage of the buggy spotting system to get to cover and not get insta kill or lower the difficulty. The only reason this game is call splinter cell is to make money this is not splinter cell at all they make you play in first person at some point wich is just dumb and not necessary and they want you to go gun blazing cause its easier. The game is not even good and the graphic are just terrible the character in the game are so ugly in my opinion they look way better in Conviction.( That didnt count in my review opinion of the game ) but I waited three ♥♥♥♥ing days to get my key are you kidding me, for this game, God ubisoft learn how to sell your buggy♥♥♥♥♥unpolished games . I didnt talk about the coop but what is there to talk about all you have to do is the kill a certain amount of people you dont work as a team like in chaos theory you can do all the mission alone while your friend does nothing WHAT THE HELL ! They tried to do like in Double agent where you had to take decision but in this game the decision you make dont even matter its a joke. I do not recommend this game even for the people who have never played any of the Splinter Cell's game because this game is not even good in his own unique way. Just play Conviction if you want a game like this one but good its not really a Splinter Cell but at least I had fun playing it because the game had his own unique things.Ps: The reason why I pushed myself to finish the game is because im a fan of Splinter Cell and after waiting three days for the key I didnt want to get a refund."
76561198046560257,Not Recommended,235600,11284050,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ryz™,"If you plan on playing multiplayer with a friend, this is the game NOT to choose."
,Not Recommended,235600,11355616,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,AlpacaAviator,"First of all, purchasing this game would be supporting Ubisoft.  Don't do that.  I also really preferred the more ""classic"" Splinter Cell games that were slower-paced and more stealthy, less combatty.  Chaos Theory was my favorite.  But again, Ubisoft is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥ who are doing their best to ruin the PC side of gaming."
76561198075939908,Not Recommended,235600,12065989,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dicktastic,i dont recommend this game because it is hacker city it is just unplayable (the multiplayer) the singleplayer is short and the end is anticlimactic coop is fun i guess but in all i rate the game 4/10
76561198040044079,Not Recommended,235600,10181960,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,LucasOfBorg,"Could be a fantastic game, the stealth and missions are great. However, it consistantly crashes, freezes, disconnects me from coop and therefore me and my friend have to restart the whole mission from the start. The controls are very unreliable, sometimes he goes against a wall, sometimes he doesn't, and I somehow doubt how realistic the enemies vision is, most of them won't notice you if your literally hiding a few feet away in their eyeline, yet sometimes notice you through a solid, concrete wall. Above all, the game becomes windowed (even when I've selected full screen earlier) at random intervals or when I leave to the desktop and try to reconnect, which just completely ruins the experience.If the game sorted its inconsistancies out, and made it so I can play more than 30 minutes on coop without being disconnected, I'd happily recommend it as it has the potential to be a great game. Just too much hassle to even think about enjoying it, and I'd like my £20 back please, as it's certainly not worth that."
76561198089160191,Recommended,235600,7931105,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,♨ Quavo ♨,Amazing game when playing with Flaming Hobo
76561198080731341,Not Recommended,235600,23225905,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,hefeystus,Can't play game because of soft IP ban right after I purchased the game. Why do I need an account to play the offline components of the game? This is really awful.
,Recommended,235600,23209215,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SOL,The 2nd best stealth game i've ever played! (The 1st is Phantom Pain)The only downside is Uplay.
,Not Recommended,235600,21064247,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Slooshee,"""Blacklist gets stealth right""uh, no.it doesnt.it really, really doesnt."
76561198077050660,Recommended,235600,14092359,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jome4190,Its a great game but I uninstalled
76561198094151175,Recommended,235600,13397029,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Speederman,"Great game,"
76561197972085290,Not Recommended,235600,13213812,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SemperFiMac,"Keep trying to play.  Unloading a full slip into bad guy, he stumbles and is uneffected, wtf.  Every fn game I bought with the sale is sucking...including this one."
76561198021485672,Not Recommended,235600,19723142,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,RainbowOoze,The Alt+F4 doesn't work 0/10.
,Not Recommended,235600,34741527,Posted: 4 September,all,Coputer Progrmmar,Recently the multiplayer has stopped working and ubisoft has not yet made any comment hopefully a new batch of players will force them to put out some sort of update that will fix the issue.
76561197969595822,Not Recommended,235600,31186805,Posted: 16 April,all,[A.s]triggahappy,i want spy game not ninja ......spy vs merc classic is the only reason iv been playing it...online multiplayer already dead .hope the next splinter cell will be more like pandora or chaos theorie  wich was the greatest spy vs merc of all splinter cell history
76561198042336791,Not Recommended,235600,10885614,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Boops,SUCKED♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235600,11084891,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,riveR,Checkpoints.
,Recommended,235600,10120458,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,.::Chaos::.,Awesome storyline - good fun :)
,Recommended,235600,27296868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OmegaPower,Let us aim for1000 Thums Upon this review.Throw a Dik or a random Ho I dont care. TheThums upbutton should be clicked.Ok now i have to go and smoke weed.
76561197991200027,Recommended,235600,7326435,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Comrade Marx,"I am the ultimate secret agent tactical ninja. Bradtide however, is not, and this leads to some significant complications when we co-op together."
,Recommended,235600,10175051,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Brutakas,The gameplay more than makes up for the loss of Michael Ironside and Sam Fisher's personality.
76561198051685723,Recommended,235600,10183708,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Lima,"Nice plot, great gameplay!"
,Recommended,235600,10156104,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ARM.unfurled,"Lots of gadgets, gizmos, and customizable weapons with rewards for different styles of play make this feel more like Chaos Theory with a Conviction look and mechanics. Online is fun and the challenges make it lucrative when you find find a live lobby. Solid game and worth it, esp. if you get on sale."
76561198007075700,Recommended,235600,10158517,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,"Mh..Love Splinter Cell, Sam Fisher is a god...but felt so patriotic..maybe to much of it"
,Recommended,235600,10108657,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Tempest,"Not as good as Conviction, but still one of the best of its kind. 9/10"
76561198029528450,Not Recommended,235600,13647735,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Lone Ranger,if you buy this game you want too die is so bad dont buy this game. i want my monney back!!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,13519220,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Le MachoMan,Probably the best game i have ever played barring Little Big Planet. Perfectionist is much easier when you have the better gear. Ghosting and Panther-ing becomes alot easier to pul off
76561198093986648,Not Recommended,235600,11515331,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,deathly hugs,"WORST! possible the worst shooter game I have ever played. This is my first time playing a Splinter Cell game. here's a few questions I had to ask ""Why the hell does teh body get in the way of the shooting?"" Often you can clearly see someone but cannot shoot because your body gets in the way of the aim. Sometimes your body just prevent you from positioning yourself properly to shoot. There are some issues with the commands. I have been having trouble doinng things I want in my way. The commands do not always respond and the whole game seems clunky. I wish I could keep better review, but even other shooter games do not have your character's body getting in the middle of shooting."
,Not Recommended,235600,11394880,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,schouffy,"This has been a hassle to finish :- story  is not interesting AT ALL.- gameplay is screwed. You can't stealth because Sam has an assassin's creed gameplay that is not accurate enough. You can't really assault because when approaching the end of the game, every enemy has an helmet and requires 4 or 5 headshots. You can exploit the AI and panther, but it's not really interesting and very repetitive. And then again at the end of the game, the enemies are too close from each other to really get undetected.- CRASHES ! i must have had like 1 crash (go to desktop) per hour.- one of the worst ending i've ever seen. There is all of it: scripted gameplay, the QTE, and if (when) you miss the QTE because it is really badly done, you have to do all of it again.what was good :- Animations. Wow, even better than Conviction which was my reference- Game is challenging, even though the difficulty is not well designed, i like the fact that the game is challenting (played on hard). mark-execute is not very useful unlike Conviction (when the game gets hard and requires it, all enemies have helmets so can't be executed)It's funny because it feels a lot like Conviction, and i loved this one, but i didn't like Blacklist. There were enjoyable moments and really really annoying moments, but overall i'd say it's a mediocre game. There's no way i play it twice like Conviction.Also, i have this feeling that all Tom Clancy's games tend to look all more and more the same. Kill with your mate assisting, send drone, go to cover, assault,... i'm done with that for now."
,Recommended,235600,9282158,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,quToniK,"Most amazing stealth game , multiplayer , shooter ! Best game ever made by ubisoft.See u in MP , if u want to try !Believe me just get it and u'll never ""let him go"""
76561198254394775,Not Recommended,235600,19152473,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,StrippaHoeBih,"It was all fun and games until I realized it was a DLC game last minute and it wasn't the full game and than this ""wonderful"" thing called Uplayed just made it all that better. Loved splinter cell but probably shouldn't have bought it from steam.Yay to blowing $30.00 on BS."
,Recommended,235600,14260937,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,any one wanna play add me ill play with ya
,Recommended,235600,11409956,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Owningchaunce,"Game gets pretty hard at some points, but I really like it. Tom Clancy is always consistan with making great games and this is no exception. I love all the high tech gadgets you can get and i wanna do nasty things to grim.8/10"
,Recommended,235600,11182005,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,od.2009,pretty exciting game to play....
,Not Recommended,235600,11290263,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[Jacket],"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you ths game is worth a purchase. The singleplayer starts of very well, but by the end the gameplay does nothing but connect the story. The upgrades system is cool, but ends right when it is getting interesting, and the rest of the game becomes a cakewalk. And the multiplayer is DEAD. The biggest flaw is that it want's to be Convistion soooo bad, but also classic splinter cell. Recently I played Chaos Theory and realized how deep and imersive the older titles are, and like thief the series is WAAAYYY beyond its high point (Chaos Theory). So if you want to play Splinter Cell, buy the ORIGINAL VERSION of SC1, SC:PT, and SC:CT not the HD ones they don't have multiplayer and they have♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of frame drops."
,Recommended,235600,11366324,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,☭ Karl Marx ☭,OMG THIS GAME IS GReaT
,Not Recommended,235600,11787978,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Joseph Stalin's Moustache,"Okay, I'm rewriting this again since I've gotten more into the game.  But more simplified.+Interesting story+New actor may be hard to adjust to but does a good job.+Can be a bit action-y but still maintains good stealth elements-Really difficult to boot up (needing the Uplay launcher alone is annoying)-Can crash frequently.-Controls are hard to adjust to if using a controller.  Keyboard is a little difficult.-AI can be a little dumb yet frustrating (runs right into you sometimes, but you gotta admit, it's difficult to attack someone up close and personal in this game).-Game isn't really optimized for PC.  A lot of manual fixes are needed to have the game run at a good FPS (Thank god for GeForce Experience if you're a Nvidia user).-Apparently Multiplayer through Uplay can be frustrating or doesn't work well.I still wouldn't recommend this game for much more than $10 or more because these frustrations you may run into (and chances are, you will), the game wouldn't be worth the extra $20-$25."
00110011001100110,Not Recommended,235600,13196804,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,۩•“M̲øЯ†€”•۩,I purchase on STEAM but CODE was Banned!!? Why?1.Redeem - Tom clancy's splinter cell blacklist - Deluxe edition (Pass)2.Redeem - Tom clancy's splinter cell blacklist - High Power Pack DLC (Pass)3.Redeem - Tom clancy's splinter cell blacklist - Homeland DLC (Banned)>>>http://postimg.org/image/t8tyy4n0p/
76561197970712242,Not Recommended,235600,13244409,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ithaqua,"DO NOT BUY! It has been a very long time since Ubisoft was made aware of a problem with their DRM that causes the game to crash every25 minutes on many machines. They have done nothing to fix it. Stay away! Had they addressed that issue I would reccomend the game, but really, Ubisoft doesn't deserve your money, buy another game instead.UPDATE: After updating my machine to windows 8, I managed to get the game to run. I really enjoyed it. It was a fun, engaging game with good replayablitiy. It's a pity that it's a Ubisoft game though, their front end interface and lack of any assistance to windows 7 users (During a time when many people still had windows 7) force me to leave a negative rview, It's a pity companies take no pride in their products anymore and just want to shovel them out to get onto the next one. I think long and hard before buying any game from Ubisoft because I know even if the game is good everything else will be terrible. Terrible support, terrible front end, and worse, the money I pay goes to the people responsible for all the terribleness, I hate rewarding idiot suits for their bad choices. Great game, awful publisher."
,Not Recommended,235600,14797624,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Slaanesh/꼬꼬마,"The game is lovely. Full of action, full of fun.BUT Y UPLAY? Y U DO DIS?"
76561198226016244,Not Recommended,235600,18787470,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Raay,♥♥♥♥ off uplay
76561197999127776,Not Recommended,235600,18874570,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ingmar,Worst game in the series
,Not Recommended,235600,20006700,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Envy661,"Sold it back. The game was so buggy that it was in an unplayable state. Even after contacting Ubisoft, uninstalling and reinstalling, and everything else, it failed to work every time. Don't get it. Nearly everything I have ever gotten that is a Ubisoft title since their release of uPlay 2.0 has has mountains of problems."
76561198261639024,Not Recommended,235600,25364966,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tweedy,"Oh,very bad optimization."
76561198064146831,Not Recommended,235600,21696990,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dogmeat,Why Uplay? Why?
,Recommended,235600,6669947,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,WildBugee,"Hidden, dangerous, deadly."
,Recommended,235600,24033823,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Aych,Its lit
,Not Recommended,235600,18481197,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Illuminati foxkitty,"While I really like the Splinter Cell games, this one I sadly cannot recommend. Let's not get into the issue that Sam Fisher has a different VA, that's small potatoes. The biggest problem is just how glitchy this game is, I mean even on the lowest setting this game will stutter, crash, freeze during load times. I'm not even getting into the graphical issues such as ragdolls bouncing around for whatever reason, and the gun on your back clipping in and out of existance. Gameplay wise, it feels like a mix between Convictions and Chaos Theory, but I rather play Convictions as opossed to this game, it also doesn't help that the multiplayer doesn't really wanna work or doesn't even wanna connect to a server. Finally, mission structure wise the game is kinda ""meh"", as it's mostly 'go here and kill/capture this guy"""
76561198114373864,Not Recommended,235600,13381909,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,edepol,"Probablly the worst controls I've had to deal with in a long time. There were lots of glitches throughout the game. I don't care for first person shooters (especially bad ones) so the multi-player is of no interest at all, nor was the scene when you play Briggs (way to ruin my immersion).  The only reason I finished the game is because I enjoy slitting throats from behind."
,Not Recommended,235600,16803605,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,NUMBER 1 BUTT SATISFIER,"Another disappointing splinter cell game, ruined with the stupid cover system and arcade-y gameplay. chaos theory still the best by far."
,Recommended,235600,12150110,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ruralclone,4/5 Enjoying Singleplayer and co-op. I really liked the mecs vs spies.
,Recommended,235600,25854930,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jonas Rasmussen,It's a fine game but... i didnt play it too much and i finished the story too fast.
76561198077442991,Recommended,235600,23212664,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kenshiro,Pretty Good Single Player.. But Fix the goddamn coop and multiplayer.
,Recommended,235600,8202088,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Anonymzz,z
,Not Recommended,235600,21941788,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Gandung_007,"DX11.exe whatever you say..,even worst crash ever..,"
76561198066435824,Not Recommended,235600,21957572,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Shoyugun,Ill give it to you straight. This game is good as hell. I had so much fun playing this game. The only downside I had was that not to many people play the multiplayer. HOWEVER... UPLAYThis game was amazing. WHEN IT WORKED. Uplay is the most broken thing to come around in my life since the relationship with my father. Sometimes the game hardly ever works until I restart my computer 12 times. UBISOFT NEEDS TO FIX THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥If there was a way to give this a 50% between yes and no I would give it that. But until Uplay starts to work (probably never) I dont think its worth all of the trouble even though the game is great.
,Not Recommended,235600,22243544,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,fuzzybuzzy,There is NO Michael Ironside...Just go get Original Splinter Cell or Chaos Thery or even Conviction
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,235600,23356044,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"I have removed this game from my hard drive with sad wimper as my love for all things Tom Clancy died, It was, is, and will alwyas be extremely disapointing.Unlike the first 4 or 5 games in the series this game feels more like a pvp game that had a campaign mode thrown together using the MP maps. Every board is a continual string of small linear walkway into our next square slightly asymetrical MP area with intermitant cutscenes. You can feel how the goal of the game mechanics was balanced for pvp play and not a classic stealth experience, using a shody cover system that you constantly move off of without warning. Thats before you get to the sound mechanics, so utterly stupid, as I creap up behind a NPC blasting an AK47 at someone else and he hears me, Really he can hear me moving over gunfire? I also constantly felt like they were forcing me into gun fights, or I would have to skip my ogh so sweat methodical killing. Stalking and Killing things in the darkness is why I buy a stealth game. After a while I just started playing it like a 3rd person cover dynamic game until I grew bored. But if you like playing dress up they got you covered, multiple outfits and guns that all do roughly the same thing but you can make them pink or blue, because we all want to be the first virtual stealth fashionista! Finally on two sperate occasions I cleared an area out only to have all the NPC's respawn after a cutscene, unforgivable, this isnt Game of Thrones, that which is dead, should stay bloody well dead.save your money, unless you like PVP games"
,Recommended,235600,28222123,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,golff.nattanart ッ,Ezy .....Ezy
,Recommended,235600,16108814,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Z4KKD,10/10 Fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥reminds me of Metal gear solid
,Recommended,235600,19413060,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,W0r13tex (A-s-D),"+1(Yep, spam, achevement.)"
76561198139237426,Recommended,235600,23648000,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,chewmengquan,"Have no problems about the game, But UPLAY just......  @#$%^&"
76561198068290210,Recommended,235600,14954127,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nivikz,oh my get this
,Recommended,235600,26342893,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BunnyBoy,The Best Stealth game everlove this awosome game!
,Recommended,235600,23258555,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Katatonia,"bought this and both DLC on sale, got all 3 keys, activated them, got 1 copy of the game on uplay, and for one of the DLC keys i got another copy of the Game via Uplay, and the last key didn't work. knowing ubisoft they wouldn't do anything, and knowing steam they wouldn't either. so wtf do i do with 2 copies of a game i only got because it was cheap?"
,Recommended,235600,17781198,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
76561198124153092,Not Recommended,235600,15039275,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SHIIIIV,Online/Co-op is brilliantly done! Campaign could be improved. Not the kind of game you get obsessed with.
,Recommended,235600,16870793,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Stencyl,Wow. Game's pretty good but I had my pad plugged in and the keyboard would not respond. I unplugged my controller while I was playing and guess what? It shut off my fu<king computer. What the fu<k. How do you even fu<k up that hard?
76561198148256892,Recommended,235600,29010783,Posted: 4 January,all,DopeWhiskey<3,Fun game to play but It died sadly
76561198022419536,Not Recommended,235600,13520980,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kill20,"Hackers roam the online game, therefor it is not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,235600,17149998,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Hoodra,"Gets easily frustrating as its more like ""Stuck in animations"" than ""Killing in motion"".The campaign was disappointing and the gun mechanics left a lot to be desired. And the final boss battle was really bad.Would only buy if you were a fan of previous Splinter Cell games."
,Not Recommended,235600,30853251,Posted: 31 March,all,CPF,♥♥♥♥♥♥ controlls make everything impossible. other than that it's okay
,Recommended,235600,14172991,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,Coolest game 2013.
76561198067846289,Recommended,235600,26465089,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Æthelwulf,"Pretty fun game, there's lots of flexibility to accomodate most play styles... If you want to be totally stealthy and like a ghost, you can do that, and you will be rewarded. Or you can kill everyone, and still be rewarded, just in a different way.There is equipment and weapon unlocks and customization, could be a pro or a con depending on who you are.Worth picking up, moreso if it's on sale."
,Recommended,235600,33581751,Posted: 16 July,all,Dr Quin Magna,"My 2nd favorite Splinter Cell game, Pandora Tommorrow being the first. My word what can be said about this game. The gameplay is on point, Perfect in every aspect. The customization is epic, You can not only customize every piece of gear you have including your suit! But also your base, The plane! Each upgrade gives you special abilities in the field making some things easier. The story is on point as always with these Splinter Cell games. Performance is great also, Running on ultra I get an average of 147fps with vsyn off. Great controler support, I spent most of the time laying back in bed on the big LCD playing it, Not a hitch in that regard.Overall this game is worth every penny! 10/10 Will play again, And am doing so again!"
76561197982530266,Recommended,235600,8778451,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jimmy James,"It's pretty good, as far as these things go. Wait for a 75% sale."
76561197994938906,Not Recommended,235600,30800627,Posted: 28 March,all,Brosph,"Game may be decent, or even good. I have no idea. The game wouldn't even open on my computer. I use an external hard drive as my memory unit because my C drive has hardly any space on it and apparently you need to install this game on your C drive for it to work. Ubisoft needs to work on their compatability or something because this is ridiculous."
,Recommended,235600,30704244,Posted: 24 March,all,Gilly,"I love this game and would have more hours on it but i cant get mutiplayer for me and 1 more of my friends to work so i haven't played since then but ether way it a great game,just...Ubsoft make the campian be longer and fun 8.5/10"
,Recommended,235600,29228643,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,It's aiight. No Chaos Theory
,Not Recommended,235600,34173679,Posted: 11 August,all,bergio,"Could have been one of the best games ever. It fails even more than Windows Vista. Detection problem, movements not responding... please remake it."
,Not Recommended,235600,34261120,Posted: 15 August,all,Strategen241,"I played the first game of Splinter Cell in my younger days and got a sudden long for my childhood memories playing this game. Unfortunatly, Blacklist is so bugged out with the sound dissaperearing constantly ( only solution is to restart the game and loose your checkpoints, well done Ubisoft as always ) and other issues that all it did was destroy that wonderful memory. I uninstalled in frustration after trying to play this unplayable game. Do not download this."
,Recommended,235600,32006250,Posted: 27 May,all,Cai,"Fantastic game.Pros:- The game runs very well, I can achieve ~100fps on my gtx970 playing at ultra settings- Fantastic stealth gameplay, I'd recommend playing on perfectionist only, the other difficulties don't do the game justice- 2 player online coop for a wide variety of missions, however no splitscreen support sadly.- So much replay value, there are collectibles and non lethal challenges that encourage you to replay levels, also the fact that levels are so easy to jump back into from the level select screen- The graphics in this game are fantastic for it's time, and even for games coming out nowadays - to this day it doesn't feel dated or clunky in the slightest- Hoarde style wave based missions are great content for when you've finished the story missions, with a good variety of levels and are amazing fun in coopCons:- Story is fairly weak, thankfully I don't really play games for the story so it didn't bother me - also you can skip every cutscene! You can even skip the intro turorial!- No ultrawide support sadly- As mentioned above, no splitscreen. The xbox 360 version could be played in splitscreen, so I was pretty sad when I discovered the PC version couldn't be. Definitely disappointingAll in all, this game is very fun and addictive, looks great and runs even better. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,235600,25283390,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Momentum,Pretty good
,Recommended,235600,19547176,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jmh1000,"Stab, Stabbity, Stab.:)"
76561198246424894,Recommended,235600,34780004,Posted: 6 September,all,Durko,I bought this game only the other night and it says i need an activation code can nybody help me find it?
,Not Recommended,235600,34978853,Posted: 15 September,all,wethawk,"I hesitate to say whether or not I recommend this game as I never got to play it. Uplay was completely unusable, so I never was able to start the game. So for all intents and purposes I have to say no since I have only 2 options."
,Recommended,235600,34992264,Posted: 16 September,all,Nani?!,NO MICHAEL IRONSIDES
76561198013458641,Not Recommended,235600,34997480,Posted: 16 September,all,bajam,The game didn't work because of Uplay not working. I was actually excited to play this type of game again. Oh well. Don't waste your time and money on this until it gets a fix. Thanks.
76561198167955179,Recommended,235600,34841939,Posted: 9 September,all,GenericDouchebag,Why isn't there an option to take a crap in the paladin. 0/10
,Not Recommended,235600,18476891,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,PaTrIcKsTAr,this is a good game but the only problem is UPLAY!!!!!!
76561198039394097,Not Recommended,235600,22787137,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nitro,"Some of the most ""Helpful"" reviews say ""Finally, a splinter cell that plays like splinter cell!""What splinter cell did you play exactly? was there a secret first edition game where-Fisher's voice sounded like something borrowed from a generic NPC databank,-it had a hard cover system that is both complicated and finnicky?-A gunplay system that makes it almost impossible to place a shot from a few meters accurately, and compensates by giving you a ""Pick and shoot targets"" system that charges based on you killing other people. (Think hitman absolution, without the cool slowdown or animations)-Finishing moves that involve using an ancient japanese magic trick where you tap a guy on the shoulder or gently knee his hip and he immediately faintsYea, I know, everyone likes this game, and I don't. I have tried over and over to get into it but simply do not enjoy it, I have no idea why. This Sam isnt Sam to me, he feels like such a generic NPC that it hurts, that wonderful gravelly ""Ive seen some♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; voice is gone. The gameplay is fast paced and the characters feel like they are straight out of a new era james bond move (The smart character, hacker, whatever, is a teenage ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, for instance) The plot is not developed at all and it basically says ""You are sam, sam sees bad guys, now sam leads task force, go kill bad guys"" with the same effing plot every game has had in this era ""The USA is finally going down for its sins, and this big random mercenary army that is more effective than any US soldier batallion is gonna make it happen""Im gonna try to finish it, see if it gets better, really hope it does! I love splinter cell, but the newer ones have all been iffy for me, I played the original as a kid and played double agent as well, and loved them both.Will you like this? Probably honestly, if you like stealth games that are really forgiving for breaking stealth, and are not at all challenging, then yes. If you are a hardcore fan of the first game and the immensely challenging ""Break stealth and youll die"" gameplay, then no, this is not splinter cell.UPDATE: This mod can help somewhat with the difficulty being too easyhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/special-ops-modEDIT:Ok, since im getting whiners who claim the whole review is about his voice (hint, if you read past line 1...) Ill clarify.The Voice change is MINIMAL, but it is also SYMBOLIC. Sam's style of stealth and gameplay, as well as personality, has completely been erased. No more serious missions, all of them take place in a warzone, the stealth side missions can be beat in about 5 minutes with no difficulty ALONE despite being meant for COOP. Sam's voice actor replacement is TERRIBLE but thats not worthy a bad review, the collected terribleness of the actor, the complete rewrite of sam's look, demeanor, and style of play, along with the games shift from ""hey, this is real life, spies actually do these things, and everyone behaves like a professional"" to ""WOOHOO! James bond! lets have Sam act like hes bond and add a creepy kid who makes porn jokes about everything he hacks, lets just throw that wonderful noir out the window!""This is what kills the game for me, in terms of atmosphere, no, its not just his voice, its every detail, hundreds that I cannot fit into this review, before you make a massive attempt to strike me down for ""Just"" not liking his voice, please use your damn brain and read the rest! THANKS!"
76561197966179710,Recommended,235600,8935940,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,mazak,One of the best splinter cell in the serie
,Recommended,235600,14533428,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rahmad_5846,Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Blacklist nice gameplay
,Not Recommended,235600,13882658,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fat Operator,Requires UPLAY. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,235600,27826137,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,funny guy,"Not recommended. They messed this one up. You got your Uplay, that's no problem I guess. The multiplayer is completely dead so there's that. The story is mediocre and it's your typical USA vs Jihadists setting. Whoever tells you that this game has good stealth is either delusional or has never played previous Splinter Cell games, it's run and gun continuously and stealth is way too easy and simply boring. You have some levels that occur in the Middle East of course (because you can't get any more original) where you literally have to survive waves of enemies. Just rambo through all the levels and the enemies probably won't even realise you're there because the AI is broken. This game also is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port, the video settings are extremely limited and playing with keyboard and mouse is almost impossible. They removed the quicksave option as well, which makes sense because that's not needed in garbage like this.In short: Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a rambo style game where enemies are deaf and blind as rolls of paper. It's a game where you fight Arabs and Muslims 95% of the time. It's a game where changing your settings is not needed apparently and a game that is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port. A game that is actually a horrible F rated movie because of the annoying cutscenes that keep happening.Want to play a good Splinter Cell game? Play Chaos Theory."
,Not Recommended,235600,18819358,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fannney' ;')  ❥ LuvU,"UPlay -> s*h*i*t.COOP -> s*h*i*t.Multiplayer -> s*h*i*t.Why? Because none of these things are working.People with cracked versions are probably happier because they, 1) don't need to mess with uplay. And 2) don't need to bother about this terrible lobby system or the online systems in general."
,Recommended,235600,7659270,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Chaz,"One of the best games I have played thus far. This Action/Adventure/Stealth/Combat game offers just about everything and anything you’ve ever wanted in Sam Fisher & much much more but were afraid to ask.  And it doesn’t stop there. You’ll continue offgame by using the website shadownet and a phone app known as spiderbot. Considering just how serious you are in wanting to play this game will absolutely not leave you wanting. If there has ever been a game to end all games, this is it.Oh wait it gets better. Ever hear of Multiplayer? OMG!!! Spy vs. Merc PvP and online Co-Op. And The Co-Op is good. And the Co-Op is good. Just needed to say that twice. Weapons are as always great and the in game AI is believable. The main plot is to stop a terrorist cell known as The Engineers , Enter the Fisher! I’ll end here as if I say more I think I will burst. So go get it, go play it. Go LUV it!Oh it was fun, exciting, exhilarating! It had action, drama, passion, and mystery! Head shots and gadgets destructions was the least of the problems. We presented a map, one challenge, and a mystery player. There we could feel the tensions between love and hate. Power and passion. Commitment and lust. Dedication and obligation. On this battle field, everyone experienced DEATH in it's purist form.Posted: Nov 14, 2013 @ 4:08pmUpdated: Apr 25 @ 5:57amLast Updated May 20, 2017 @7:10amSoooo, you want to know if you should buy this game....? Yes?Well first this game has a lot to offer for the soloist that loves sneaking, spying, stunning or killing, collecting, gathering, infiltrating, sabotaging and commanding. Each level gives you a dead drop and a laptop to colelct that will open special abilities and in game art. The more you collect the better you get.This game offers 3 styles of gameplay and 3 levels of difficulty.Multiple weapons, devices and gear.It also has an online feature that you can invit a friend for coop missions and one set of coop only that you can't access unless with a friend. Then there is online PvP options and a variety types of scenarios.It has good graphics, and some semi good cutscenes. A story line. And an end to a means. It's also open field as opposed to linear.So, you want to know if you should buy this game?Answer: Yes."
,Not Recommended,235600,17673236,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Corrosion,"Too many hackers in the multiplayer, too many.... Cool game if you play coop."
76561198004019681,Not Recommended,235600,8613053,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Grim,"This will be the 1rst Splinter Cell I don't finish... Why? Because it's the worst of the lot.Pros:-Amazing graphicsCons:-Side missions don't have any check points! Who's bright idea was that!?-The new voice actor pales in comparison to Michael Ironside.-Far too many daylight missions. Remember how Sam would go in at night because sneaking was easier? Well, not anymore.-The Enemies are unrealistic bullet sponges, taking upto half a clip to kill... yet Sam dies from 1-3 bullets.-Head shots. Wtf happened to them!? I'd repeatedly take the time to line one up... only to have it merely alert the enemy to my presence!I could go on... but I won't. Nor will I be playing this beautiful mess again."
76561198052781826,Not Recommended,235600,28619224,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Whitebread,uplay
,Recommended,235600,31001632,Posted: 7 April,all,FlatFace,Who play this game on 2017 ?
,Recommended,235600,25738314,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,=| InitioGaming |= Spooky,Money and time well spent
,Not Recommended,235600,12521935,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Damingo,Game is no longer supported and doesn't work multiplayer. Avoid.
76561198111174749,Not Recommended,235600,33253644,Posted: 4 July,all,Chance The  Rapper,if your planning on playing with a freind dont buy it beucase it dosent work unless you wanna install a third party software
,Not Recommended,235600,26263879,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Zippozippo,"just installed the game, tweak graphics setting a bit and............. BLACKLIST_DX11_game.exe has stopped working,so I restart the game,, skip video,, still get BLACKLIST_DX11_game.exe has stopped working.This is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing ever, you have to watch or skip video for the first time, AND YOU CANT TWEAK THE GRAPHICS OPTIONS ANYMORE IN CASE THINGS GO WRONG, because of the video story intro,try tweak the ini file but which options is wrong?"
76561197994580241,Not Recommended,235600,11414053,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lluc,Don't buy it even if there is a special offer! also you have to install the uplay to be available to play !
76561198109187291,Not Recommended,235600,28145181,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ty.sam100,PUT A BUG ON MY PC
76561197977734498,Not Recommended,235600,12661013,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ezra,"Game-play/keyboard input is unpredictable (half the time I fire from a hidden position nothing happens).  Linear play is overwhuelming, you have almost no ability to use the environment around you and can only follow a narrow path through the game.  For example, in the initial missions roofs and alleys that you would think are part of the environment are locked off.As an open-world game this would be great...but its neither open nor great."
,Not Recommended,235600,11733841,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Bill Craig,This game is the worst game I have ever spent money on. Multiplayer simply doesn't work. Screw you Ubisoft and screw you Tom Clancy.
76561198065255475,Not Recommended,235600,13717607,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,+ B,I hate ubisoft games...   (one more time)
76561198014274674,Not Recommended,235600,28895226,Posted: 1 January,all,Doonicide,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. If it wasn't for ubisoft, this game would probably have great potential. The campaign is good, but I can't ♥♥♥♥ing play coop with my friend (the whole point of us getting it) and I can't refund it because I have 4 hours on record. This is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and i'd like my money back."
,Recommended,235600,12272005,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Joe Pera,okay
,Recommended,235600,13196477,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,╲⎝⧹Marvin42⧸⎠╱,"OHCRAPOHCRAPHE'SGOTASHOTGUNIREALLYSHOULDHAVESTAYEDHIDDEN.Splinter Cell Blacklist: Making you plan out attacks more than Dark Souls.Glad to see the return to stealth.Serious Review:Probably ( in my opinion ) the best splinter cell since Chaos Theory, if not one of the best stealth games. The stealth is challenging, rewarding and so so so satisfying. I can't count the amount of times I have slinked across a pipe, crossed an entire building complex or sneak across an entire ventilation system without disturbing a soul and just sit there for 5 minutes, drowning in my own happiness.Unlike the last couple of Splinter Cells, this game encourages stealth so very much. In fact, it seems to punish going loud much more than other games would. It takes about 3 shots from an assault rifle going at full auto to bring you down. It is, however, still the easiest way to get through a level. That is why it is the worst, you get little to no rewards and you feel nowhere near as good. That, and going assault is just plain boring.But when you start to utilise your gadgets, surrounding, and enemies themselves? You have a vast amount of ways to complete a level and half of them don't even involve disturbing people. One of my favourite moments was using my drone to scout out an area, and find key points to lure targets. Once inside the area myself, I would place sticky cameras in the aforementioned key points. I moved each guard with lures and the like to these areas, and in quick succession, released sleeping gas from the cameras and sprinted for the door. One survived and attempted to attack me. Lucky he was next to the door, and before he could fire a shot, I had him as a human shield. As previous intel suggested the next room would be impossible to sneak through. I use sonar vision to detect my enemies and equip a crossbow with  sleeping gas bolts in it. Perfect, the enemies up ahead are tightly packed. I mark them out and crash through the door with my hostage, using the execute function to fire 3 bolts at my marked enemies. The following cloud of green gas is enough to knock out all 6 enemies in the group. I grab the intel I needed to acquire. Mission accomplished.And that was just a side mission."
,Not Recommended,235600,12484022,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Obsidian,Meh....
76561198069840779,Not Recommended,235600,23815311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Grooby,Uplay?HA! More like UDontPlay!heheheheheheh.........no but seriously the port is crap and so is uplay.....
,Not Recommended,235600,9607759,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ecksdee,no anime0/10
76561198082385154,Recommended,235600,22982241,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[Ursus] Concept,The best part is yourself :]
,Not Recommended,235600,16739780,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,HaikenEdge,"Not exactly the best stealth game,Splinter Cell: Blacklistreally could have been something fantastic, but, ultimately, is a failure of execution. Far too often, the player will find themselves restarting a checkpoint due to the controls fighting them, and it happens far too often, particularly when the player is attempting to complete a mission via the ghost route, that is, without disturbing any enemies. The Direct X 9 version of the game is extremely prone to crashing, and controls can be very unresponsive at times, because apparently, the player is there to share in theSplinter Cellexperience, rather than to playSplinter Cell.Save your money, buy one of the olderSplinter Celltitles, buy one of the olderMetal Gear Solidtitles that was released on Windows PC, or wait for the nextMetal Gear Solidto drop. This game is, at best, passable, and this is coming from somebody who would have given this a game a 7/10 if it had executed all its stealth elements competently.4/10. The fact the controls will fight you in a tactical stealth game is what kills it."
,Not Recommended,235600,14099082,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,:3 | Evil Cookie,"The first few levels are way too hard even on ""Normal"" Mode, not really a lot of fun if you can't get through any level."
,Not Recommended,235600,13697184,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jevrio,"Like Bad Rats, just more expensive."
,Not Recommended,235600,11408422,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Stalker,The game is okay. Could be a lot better.Typical potatoe port quality I guess. At least it's not as bad as watch dogs... IE: It runs....I got it on summer sale for $3 I think...
,Not Recommended,235600,33031990,Posted: 30 June,all,Ironmind91,"To anyone trying to get your controller to work with this game, you need x360ce for it to work properly. It worked with my ps4 controller as well. Google is your friend, or just PM me.Great game but I cant recommend a game that supports a controller, but makes you go down the rabbit hole to get it to work."
,Not Recommended,235600,8935110,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,little_punk,"Uplay sucks...., game wont start"
,Not Recommended,235600,20490862,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,happycarrot50,"Not as good as conviction by a long shot, SP is no where near as good. MP is also a lesser quality but was much more fun than the Blacklist SP.10/15 - ""Not even close to convition in terms of single player"""
76561198005470247,Recommended,235600,17946677,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Chris,+Excellent game+Fun multiplayer+Great coop+Story took me offguard-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Uplay holding everything back8/10
76561198154641295,Not Recommended,235600,13698696,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jakobdeaton,Well what can I say anymore. Im rather disappointed with this game... I expected alot more than the average shoot em up bang bang game. Ohh Tom Clancy what did they do. Honestly the first and original classic was better than this im sorry dont buy its a waste of 20 bucks. I want my 3 hours of install back this game blows...
,Recommended,235600,32416909,Posted: 14 June,all,xChinka,good game
76561198063980085,Recommended,235600,22532300,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,dflowers9999,I jacked off to this game.35 hours of man butts got me going.Man butts even look good with night vision too.10/10.
76561198011962156,Not Recommended,235600,16844829,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Lust,"I don't really know how to explain, it's just not really a splinter cell game, I can see it enjoyable for those that never played the classic games when it's just one way to that place and do that. You can't even interrogate the enemies anymore to get out information from them.You get rewarded more for being loud and kill everyone instead of being silent and sneaky. Enter and leaving with no trace was like the main thing with Splinter Cell that made the game good. Now they encourages the player to go all ""TANGO 3 OCLOCK, RPG! FIRE AT THAT SOLDIER YEAH!!! BOOM BANG RATATATATATATATA""The missions are boring and linear like I mensioned before, you go from point A to point B. That's it, When you do some cool stealth, well, that was suppose to happen in the game, you didn't do it, the game made you do it. The enemy don't go weary freely, something that I would expect to be a thing at this point when the game have existed for so long, they just patrol at the same places over and over and over and over again.But for my rating, if you never played Splinter Cell, get it and enjoy. You're like me, played all the classic games and expect something like the old one with cool new graphics, well... tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't get it."
,Not Recommended,235600,31083732,Posted: 11 April,all,SockRabbit,Freaking annoying controls keep ♥♥♥♥ing up my enjoyment of the game. Go waste 20 euro or dollars on something else. only get the game when it becomes free.
76561198056399339,Recommended,235600,10161556,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Heavy D,"If you are a sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then check out this game, its bloody amazing.CheersKnight"
76561198000503869,Recommended,235600,8753356,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Immortan Joe,Best Splinter Cell ever. A good combination of the old stealth tradition and new combat. Useful gadgets and weapons.
76561198098047793,Recommended,235600,31206275,Posted: 17 April,all,Hentai!YellowNiggaSwag,"i have 11 hours in the game and i have done absolutely everything,every main mission and every side ops and let me tell you they were not fun nor challenging even on the hardest difficulty.if you have money for this game then save it and buy something elsepros1.Anna Grímsdóttirs ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and just for this i will  recommend this game"
,Recommended,235600,10123206,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,イマゴ,"It lacks a lot of the style and charm of the original games of the series, but stands strong despite this. If you're looking for a refurbished Chaos Theory experience, then this isn't going to satisfy you, but the game still has depth. The new playstyle scoring system (ghost, panther, and assault) offers a lot of replay value to the various missions, but this is weighed down by an underwelming amount of npc dynamicity. Even with so many possible approaches, when the enemies and their placements/patrols are predictable, the amount of challenge in any replays drops drastically. Along with this, a good few of the campaign missions are overly linear. Most of the others are fine, but these still detract from the overall experience. Despite all of this, the game is good. I recommend it to anyone willing to look past its lack of true Splinter Cell spirit."
,Recommended,235600,8123833,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,<CG> Clay,Great game
,Not Recommended,235600,23904031,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[XIII] Ruby478,"out of all the splinter cell games this by far one of the worse. No just straight forward story mode , instead online and offline missions are together , noted it gives you the choice to solo or co-op , it just feels poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,235600,16509385,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sergio,horrible. just♥♥♥♥♥♥ I saw on options that there was first person. theres first person for 30 seconds of the game. And the 3rd person shooting and aiming is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then you come to getting shot in co-op. You take 2 bullets and 10 seconds later your dead and you have to restart. Theres no legit way to pass this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,235600,23320200,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,mrdramcharger,"This game qouldn\'t be so bad if it didn\'t crash so often, Game was running smooth and just crashed and didn\'t want to stop crashing after that. Past that, 2 out of the 3 cd keys for it worked. Seems like it would be fun to play but I will never know"
,Not Recommended,235600,15497571,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PowerShower,no
76561197999819604,Not Recommended,235600,24622475,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DIBBLE MUNT,Lost my save after finishing the game ♥♥♥♥ YOU ubisoft and uplay your a peice of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198330034111,Not Recommended,235600,29278815,Posted: 15 January,all,XxdedzonexXxXxX,needs fiking online problems
,Not Recommended,235600,23888355,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The_Mentalist CSGO500 bets.gg,co op does not work!!!
,Recommended,235600,14198322,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,steptoe7,so good id suck its tampon if it was a girl and lick its diper if it was a baby i love it so much id but ♥♥♥♥ it
,Recommended,235600,23493685,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Pig God,Uplay is @ss
76561198116941073,Not Recommended,235600,24643172,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,DatAlbino,"Got a refund cos the game wouldn't even startUplay is a pile of poop, before anyone else blames my pc just like Ubisoft did.Fix your games, they're broken and buggy."
,Not Recommended,235600,13107205,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheLiriValley,"This game was really awesome for the time I could play it...there is a UNFIX-ABLE bug that literally only let me play for 15 minutes at a time and no matter how many workarounds I tried to find, I couldn't fix it.Frustrating because I really was into the last one but please don't reward a game that can't fix a major problem in the game."
,Recommended,235600,16154998,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CutePenguin,"♥♥♥♥ this game. Oh right it shows hearts now... F#u^ck this game... does this work? Nevermind.Ubisoft releases everything, no matter how bad it is. The game is always the same and the multiplayer,like always with Uplay, is like McDonald's: Many people visit it, noone really likes it. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,235600,30989600,Posted: 6 April,all,SaucyD,"Not a good game.  It was short, the story line was poorly done.  The main character is not a good man.  The game mechanics are well done, and the stealth is fun.  The gadgets are fun to use as well.  However its depictions of torture we're not welcome, and the overall experience was hollow."
76561197983777854,Not Recommended,235600,24813582,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,oakenshield,"Can't put my finger on it but I find it very, very boring. At least single player. Haven't tried multiplayer though."
,Not Recommended,235600,26345194,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,wickta,Requires Uplay
76561197994287202,Not Recommended,235600,17309370,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GuardianSpooker,"I love this game. But I would love it more if SvM wasn't so close to death.It's very difficult to get a match going, which frustrates me like heck since I love playing Spy versus Mercs a lot.Not to mention SvM is ruined by hackers. I was literally a rank 6 and some hacker made me go up to Rank 56.Despite this, Ubisoft has not even fixed and made Multiplayer safer from hackers and cheaters. They simply just abandoned this game."
,Not Recommended,235600,18721023,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Clone303,"well i come right from Metal Gear Soild 5 then i wanted to try this, crash 3 times, when a enemy see you anybody knows there you are, it's not open world mission's also almost not gear's or weapons in game well dont get me wrong the game is alright but i would choose a Metal Gear Soild over this game anytime same goes for the older Splinter Cell games"
,Not Recommended,235600,34972524,Posted: 15 September,all,Qinglang2142,OPEN COOP SERVER PLZThe game is fantastic
,Recommended,235600,35067034,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,might be ok
76561198030730595,Recommended,235600,25931020,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,miller9953,"This is my life.....or at least it was....well without the free lives...because I died alot in this one but man I thought I was having flashbacks here just amazing gameplay realistic and very unforgiving dont break wind in this game you will be hunted, found and killed..... Brillant!"
,Recommended,235600,18529828,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Benjamin,Came back here after playing mgs 5. wanted to stealth a bit again. And loved this game the frst time round. got it on sale this time. What a hidden gem needs more credit and more games to follow. probably the best stealth action game of all time right here!
,Not Recommended,235600,18477866,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Pier,"The clunky controls, the crashes, and UPLAY, don't make this game worth my money."
76561198019132665,Not Recommended,235600,35109151,Posted: 21 September,all,BrickTop,uplay.
,Recommended,235600,8986560,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Serge,GG
,Recommended,235600,35202659,Posted: 25 September,all,Undecim,"Is it a good stealth game, yeah, but it definitely isn’t great. The story easily fits into the typical American action movie story and characters like in Jason borne or mission impossible, so don’t expect anything new or interesting. As a stealth game, it also has set levels with set paths and enemies, making the game feel restricted. If you really want to play this game, I would highly recommend playing co-op with a friend, it is a lot more fun that way. Otherwise, I would recommend Metal Gear V: phantom pain, which is a far superior stealth game."
,Not Recommended,235600,18804471,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Miki,The Multiplayer is abandoned
,Not Recommended,235600,21920561,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Silentfog,Blacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped working
76561198053530542,Not Recommended,235600,14891888,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,J.T.,"Hey guys, hope this review helps you out.I just purchased the game on Friday, March 13th.  Do to Steam's ""Ubisoft Weekend"" I was able to get the Delux Edition for only $9.99.  I cannot in good conscience recommend it due to the fact that it is barely worth that amount of money and the price will go back up on Monday, March 16th 10 a.m. PST.  But I lucked out and I don't think it's a total waste of ten bucks, but it would be a waste of eleven.  Let's do thisPROS-Good action and combat gameplay-Very good graphics, though they could be a tiny bit better (will re-explore in CONS)-Acting is performed admirably-Stealth gameplay is good, though this too could be better (and less goofy, will re-explore in CONS)-Story line itself is very good, lots of kudos on creativity to the writers-Ability to choose equipment became ALOT better, though could use improvement (will re-explore in CONS)-Gadgets are really freakin cool-An over all PRO is the fact that Splinter Cell always sates our appitite for esionage, even though it fails in many ways to be a good game over all, we're left with few other options as far as spy gamesCONS-First off our options are limited in how we get a job done, you'll see alot of places you should be able to climb, jump, and drop to and be disappointed when the option to do so is not there.  ESPCIALLY in a coastal environment.  Really Ubisoft???  Sam Fisher can't swim or drop into the water???  HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE AN EX-NAVY SEAL FOR CHRIST SAKE!!!!-Ahem....moving on.  Collision detection should have had more focus than it did as far as graphics.  When I climbed out of the back of a truck, the rifle on my back passed through the back door all ghostly like.  In real life that would have made alot of noise and resulted in my demise.  Stuff to think about-While acting is good, and I understand Michael Ironside's inability to do this latest project, you picked the WRONG replacement.  Eric Johnson is a good actor, but he is NOT a Sam Fisher.  He doesn't have the gravely voiced battle-hardened saracasm, or worse yet, the age of Sam.  Sam's old.  Mid 50's old.  You can't just take any guy in his mid 30's and slap on some grey hair and call it good.  Stupid move.-While stealth gameplay has considerably few drawbacks, as well as alot of realism....the LIGHTS!!!!....on your kit showing you are HIDDEN!!!...in the SHADOWS!!!!  WHAT THE HELL!?!?!?  Have you people at Ubisoft just stopped trying???  You've had everything from HUD indicators to transitioning to black and white to show that the player is hidden and you threw that ALL out for something THIS STUPID!!!!-I digress....anyway, your equipment options.  Dangling items in front of our faces to get us to register on your website is stupis.  It's low.  And personally, I find it to be an INSULT TO MY INTELLIGENCE.  We will not stop hating Uplay, or the rest of your software.  GIVE IT UP GOD DAMNIT!!!!-Composure, composure.....sorry.  Last but not least while starting every mission from the same location was a kind of clever idea, it being an enormous plane Fourth Echelon uses as it's HQ, it makes the game less adventurous.  But of course you probably did it FOR that reason, because you're lazy.In closing, what makes this game so bad?  Ubisoft, of course.  I love Tom Clancy.  The games, the novel adaptations, the film adaptations (apart from Ben Afleck) ALL of Tom Clancy's material is good stuff.  I really hope someone eventually takes away Ubisoft's rights to wipe their♥♥♥♥♥with his material one day.  I can hope...  I can dream....  At any rate, don't pay any more than ten bucks for it.  But if you see it for ten or less, that's a decent price given the quality.  Out."
,Not Recommended,235600,19934138,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,lumpensolker,"Controls are clunky, level design is ""this-is-for-my-portfolio-not-your-gameplay"" tier, and they actually locked goodies behind co-op missions.What.This lukewarm coop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is cancer. Please, developers, if your game doesn't solely focus on that kind of stuff, don't mix up coop in already mediocre game."
76561197993456498,Not Recommended,235600,26331772,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Moneygrip3030,"♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.  You made me use your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay launcher, and I still can't play Ubisoft games I buy on steam because you key validation is ♥♥♥♥ing broken. I guess you really really don't want to to buy and play your games. Eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,235600,24203945,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Heisentrix,░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▓▓▄██████▄░░░░░▄█▄█▀░░▄░▄░█▀░░░░▄▀░██▄░░▀░▀░▀▄░░░░▀▄░░▀░▄█▄▄░░▄█▄░░░░░░▀█▄▄░░▀▀▀█▀░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░▀▀░[UPLAY░░░░▐▄▄▄▀
,Not Recommended,235600,25789338,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,b 0 t t i n i,"Favorate franchise..........but....NEVER AGAIN UBISOFTU-play dosnt work,  never connects to online, when it does errors happen.Im gonna say it,   get an illegal copy because your never gonna connect online,   plus the online is dead.Not mad, dissapointed, ill never buy a Ubisoft title again.NOTE: GET FOR CONSOLE, NOT MENT FOR PC.  I used to love this series,  i even heard the division is point less after you finish story,  ubisoft such a let down.   U-play = garbage."
,Not Recommended,235600,12746730,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"While the game is a great one, dont get me wrong, the game was, and still is, the worst port known to man. I've tried it on two different, vastly different ones at that, and it ran at sub-par frame rates on sub-par settings.The Machinesi3-32204GB RAMGTX 650Tii5GTX 7608GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,235600,8887890,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Spooktacular,"This game shows just how much ubisoft cares. Which is not at all. Months after release THOUSANDS of players are still completely unable to play coop with friends. Ubisoft runs us in constant ♥♥♥♥ing circles with ""open your ports, do this, disable this, enable that."" etc and NONE OF IT WORKS. Ubisoft to me is far worse than both activision and EA combined."
,Not Recommended,235600,29864198,Posted: 11 February,all,[ATC]Lyndiman,AVOID. Has crashed on start up since release with no support to fix it.
76561198100439226,Not Recommended,235600,12832891,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DEPRESSEDREPUPLICAN,The singleplayer is boring repetitve the multiplayer does not let you quit. The game stutters in parts of singleplayer overall if this game was FP2 then fine but since you have to pay 14.99  dont get the game
76561198085281688,Not Recommended,235600,12686952,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,hubertgom,"i brought the deluxe edition for the extra things and this game in general looks great i was really excited. I didn't have a problem with Uplay as i am already a member, however i am not even able to actually boot the game up. It goes black and then just crashes. I have a good laptop with the right system requirments but i still can't run the game. But from the gameplay i have seen looks great. A great variation of stealth and action. Luckily i brought it when it was on a discount."
,Not Recommended,235600,33619781,Posted: 17 July,all,Flarite_,"it keeps crashing, tried to unistall then re install. Still having problems. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,235600,30744715,Posted: 26 March,all,FIRE STORM FTW,"I lost track at the amount of times this game crashed throughout the single player. You would of figured this would be all patched out considering how long this game has being on sale.Another critism I have is why am I locked to 60hz in fullscreen but when I switch to windowed I am locked to 144hz?Which leads to my third critism, why is it everytime I alt tab the game immediately goes into windowed mode?These are the sort of things I'd expect a triple a game developer to have overcome by now...EDIT:Oh nice! The ending cinematics glitched out too! Thanks for wasting my time, really appreciate that.This game isn't even worth close to $40. If you are going to buy Splinter Cell Blacklist, only pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,235600,33575521,Posted: 15 July,all,FREE SHKRELI,splinter cell blacked list
,Recommended,235600,22610900,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Samork,A more realistic approach than Conviction and definitely a better storyline. HEAVILY EDITED COMMENTARY OF THIS GAME:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEZ-zqPFHrQ
,Recommended,235600,29498243,Posted: 26 January,all,dm,k
76561198381774111,Not Recommended,235600,33636664,Posted: 18 July,all,abd_djed,"This game is clearly the best stealth game i have played in years.But with 12 SP missions and some other 4E ones, i think its not enough for a beautiful game like this.Plus, the MP SvM Blacklist is soooo hard to find a game and most of the time, your team is just awful. I'm really sorry, but this game woths 12$ and not 30$."
76561197999178496,Not Recommended,235600,26680842,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Stoned Cold,Got it on sale feel sorry for those that paid full price.  Not worth the the time or money.
,Not Recommended,235600,29099066,Posted: 7 January,all,x2Li,Have many crash and checkpoints. If crashes before you get to a checkpoint mission is ruined.Bad game.
,Recommended,235600,32731490,Posted: 24 June,all,Ulvase,payday 2 deki cloaker abimizle oynuyoruz payday 2 deki gibi teq atıyoz hıaaaa
76561198059373947,Not Recommended,235600,22668808,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,gregdragon,Uplay
,Not Recommended,235600,20862829,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,The Communist Banana,Double O Down syndrome 007
,Recommended,235600,7851009,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BigBarazi,"an excellent entry to the series, and the coop play gave it even extra value, the absence of Ironside as Sam Fisher is disappointed but the new actor does a good job, a must play for series fans and a great starting point for new comers."
,Recommended,235600,8924492,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,How Clear,Why the f*** was there 3 minutes of 1st person at the end of the campaign?6.5/10
,Not Recommended,235600,18788432,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,smrk,It needs Uplay to run.
76561198099210237,Not Recommended,235600,12863647,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,zam72,"Tutorial worked fine and game seemed very good. However when trying to start any operation it crashes and gives DX11 error before I can even start any operation. I recently updated my Video card from GTX660 to GTX980, and yes, I am using the latest drivers, but still getting the same error. Soooo frustrating. For me this was waste of money."
,Recommended,235600,34495740,Posted: 25 August,all,BooCakie,It's not on steam...
76561197995283702,Not Recommended,235600,23545127,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,norenktf,"It's okay, not the greatest and pretty harsh on the missions, but overall I'd play if I had more time."
,Not Recommended,235600,23910508,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zenix csgoloto.com,It wont start!!! check threads search for BLACKLIST STOP WORKING
,Not Recommended,235600,21567078,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Smairo,Ubisoft and uplay.
,Not Recommended,235600,23225776,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Squid WORD C137,"My review for every Ubisoft game ever:Ubisoft has great ideas for games, and thats how they get you, but they never test or finish any of their games.Like every Ubisoft game, this game is riddled with glitches.I only recommend this game for people who like being unable to move their character, seeing floating stuff for no reason, encount terrible AI, deal with horrible menu layouts, bland characters, terrible story and boring missions. Ubisoft has apparently forgotten Sam's age and was not able to figure out that a 30 y/o dude wouldn't have a 24 y/o daughter.R.I.P. UbisoftSplinter Cell Conviction was the last game I ever enjoyed from you and it was unfortunely a terrible PC portI hate this company more than cancer, aids and the holocaust"
,Not Recommended,235600,21074024,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Venom,Ubisoft Garbage Multiplayer System. No real Surprise here honestly2/10 didn't even play the tutorial because this game is garbage
,Recommended,235600,8335001,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jai,nyees
,Recommended,235600,10478623,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Vauun,"Great game, a game deserving of the title Splinter Cell. Another Clancy masterpiece.10/10 Story, co-op, and multiplayer."
76561198076035826,Not Recommended,235600,26478255,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shephard,"Very underwhelming.It's basically the same as Conviction but with worse controls, gamebreaking bugs in the campaign and unnecessary additions to the game (Paladin)I loved Conviction and would have been fine with basically the same game and a new story, but just the controls alone are too frustrating to deal with. They literally just had to copy paste the controls, I dont get why they had to change it. I am glad I only bought it during a sale."
,Not Recommended,235600,34691674,Posted: 2 September,all,Tiny,"Could be a great stealth game but has clunky console-port controls, wierd movement and AI that can spot you in pitch darkness. Needs more expansive levels than 3 corridors."
76561198076577229,Not Recommended,235600,26279006,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Yuuki,- Pressed Play- It started a uplay download- I'm refunding10/10
,Not Recommended,235600,32982537,Posted: 29 June,all,J2ghz,"Things to consider:1. Graphics - on the same system with the same fps, it looks a lot worse than other games (R9 280x)2. Gameplay - not a lot of aiming involved. You do hand-to-hand takedowns, and once charged you can do multiple target headshot with ctrl. Guns feel weak, imprecise, bad crosshair, no aim-down-the-sights.I would choose Neutral instead of Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,235600,32270840,Posted: 8 June,all,VenomSnek,"It didnt feel at all like a splinter cell game. Unlike other series that had a recent sequel, like Hitman, I didnt feel like thisone stayed true to the point and design that made splinter cell, well, splinter cell. It felt incredibly linear and arcade like."
76561198029364352,Not Recommended,235600,14864547,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Anna,"An hour passed, and I still can't even start a gameTo set fullscreen open:\Users\%{username}\Documents\Ubisoft\Blacklist\videoSettings.iniAnd change WindowStyleFinal to 2 or 0Situation with language is even better. I found response of official support on official ubi forum:""Normally, you can change the language of the game under settings>Language & subtitles. Enjoy! ""Normally, but not in Splinter Cell Blacklist.Ok, I found it out. Now a couple of words about very special ubi logic. If you want to see pretty long intro video on your language, or with subtitles, then you could. For english subtitles: start the game, skip half of the intro, go to menu, setup subtitles, enjoy the rest.If you like to see intro on your language (or with any other subtitles): start the game, skip all intro, setup language, restart the game, enjoy.I can't say anything about the game itself, but I can't reccomend buying something from a company wich almost never cares about customers in details. The only reason why I bought it - I didn't know it's Ubisoft game."
76561198027209660,Not Recommended,235600,12534759,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,groovieknave,"A linear half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥version on Conviction. Terrible new character with the same name, makes no sense, has no life to them, unbelievable in all respects. Extremely boring game with nothing interesting. One level in conviction is better than this entire game, and on the hardest difficulty will probably last longer. Double Agent is still the best in the series to me, try getting through that game on hard. This game is a god damn joke, and a total ripoff."
,Not Recommended,235600,12379543,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ukulisti,"I cannot even launch the game because Uplay does not let me log in.If I purchase a game from steam, why do I also have to lig in through Uplay?Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,235600,32691534,Posted: 23 June,all,Flakey🎈,Ubisoft are now blacklisted for price hike.
,Not Recommended,235600,28262961,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,sexy ass ginger man,Game and gameplay 10/10Uplay 0/10
76561198130713136,Not Recommended,235600,33205057,Posted: 3 July,all,HunterAssassin1,"it took me 12 minutes to do login for Uplay, now that`s just ridiculous"
,Recommended,235600,23186194,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Billy Öhman,very fine
,Not Recommended,235600,25219603,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,needy,kill me
,Not Recommended,235600,23415345,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Karma Peltry,requires uplay
76561198138037129,Not Recommended,235600,33873654,Posted: 28 July,all,Borderline Homicidal,"Just another ubishiitty pc port, dont even bother."
,Not Recommended,235600,26326691,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,☯Dream_3R☯,Uplay
76561198052091981,Not Recommended,235600,30132019,Posted: 23 February,all,P-S-G,"with the uplode of uplay, i can not success access in the game, it always linked to the olderest uplay account, not the one i get access of the game."
76561197987851575,Not Recommended,235600,20317187,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ces :D,"Do not buy this crappy game:- You can open fire kill through most of it.- Countless invisible walls (Sam likes to run against thin air).- Dumbed down stealth (forced in some areas).- Linear levels that force you down a path from one patio to another.- No Michael Ironside! The new voice actors sound generic and like hipsters.- Weak story like something ripped off of primetime TV (idiot box).- Boring stereotype characters that spout mindless lines like a bro movie.- Marking targets makes for easy one click kills.- No freedom to make decisions (can't kill irritating story characters).- Forces you to instal UPlay (silly Ubisoft trying to compete with Steam).It's soo bad I wish I could remove it from my library entirely. Out damned spot! Out! >:(Only play this game if you're the sort who embraces sim-walkers made by greedy corproations with writers and developers who think their audience is stupid. Don't questions my intelligence Boobysoft.I loved the original three splinter cell games but things went downhill with Double Agent, worsened with Conviction and hit rock bottom with Blacklist. The series is now unrecognizeable from the original game. Looks like Ubiosft did with Splinter Cell what Eidos did with Thief, turn it into low grade mush for the masses. If you're a fan of stealth there are better options out there liek Dishonored, Deus Ex or Hitman. Even those don't compare to the first two Thief games. Stealth is dead and mass marketing gaming for morons with 2 second attention spans killed it :(Onto better games! Play Witcher 3 or GTA V instead ;)"
76561198035712382,Not Recommended,235600,14685538,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Havoc,"This is a great game. The problem is Uplay, it's lack of support, and complete and total incompetence. The game hasn't seen any updates or bug fixes in a very, very long time, as well as the total absence of anti-cheat. Multiplayer is unbalanced with everyone running with the same loadouts (2 of the 3 available ""classes"" of Spys are useless compared to the ability to turn invisible, the other classes being a ""destroy electronics in a radius"" and ""mark hostiles even though you're provided with goggles that can have sonar, x-ray, thermal"".), as well as the ridiculous amount of hackers, no 2 games are complete without a speed hacker zipping as fast as a bullet melee killing everyone. There's a weird autovault/active sprint going, hard to explain, but you will start auto-climbing and auto sticking to cover auto sprinting, and it's gamebreakingly frustrating. As well as the constant crashes.I'm sorry to say this WAS a great game, but you're too late for the party. I could reccomend this if you have some friends you're willing to set up private matches with, but other than that same your money and don't frustrate yourself."
76561198015993214,Not Recommended,235600,33165526,Posted: 2 July,all,gtfoffmylawn,"A cumbersome, poorly designed P.O.S.  AdditionalUbi.comrequired logins and hoops are beyond ridiculous.  Waste of money and time."
76561198060653180,Not Recommended,235600,12870907,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tallum,"Worst control or chracter ever among thirdperson 3d games. Literally worst, could not play the game at all"
,Not Recommended,235600,12627701,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sojobo,"Worst Spies VS Mercs game ever made.Second worst multiplayer.Can't speak to singeplayer, oh well."
76561197987129024,Not Recommended,235600,11576373,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ShTuRm,Don't
76561198303056025,Not Recommended,235600,23233596,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,zaffron,"I spent 2 hours to get my controller work on this game, and guess what? It doesn't work! This game has been out for soooo long and still haven't been patched! I should have stick to my motto: NEVER EVER BUY A GAME FROM UBISOFT"
,Not Recommended,235600,23297240,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jimbalaya,"There's nothing i hate more than the lack of a quick-save feature.    For this reason, i must give a thumbs down because you can spend 15+ minutes in a mission and have to start from the very beginning when you die or alert the guards.   This can get frustrating after the 2nd or 3rd time.    On one mission in particular I got down to taking out the very last hostile, who seemed immune to knock-outs and tasers, died and had to start the beginning after about 20 minutes of carefully taking out others.   I'm done with this game.  Glad it only cost me 8 bucks on a steam sale,"
,Not Recommended,235600,23415754,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Project Badass,this game is boring af. just play MGSV instead if u want a legit sneaky experience
76561198374951374,Not Recommended,235600,32302859,Posted: 9 June,all,Goopy Gamer,Too Combat oriented and not enough well developed stealth mechanics to enjoy.
,Not Recommended,235600,24016432,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hoig123,hmm...just..annoying save point
,Recommended,235600,32345765,Posted: 11 June,all,ItsRyNoX,Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,235600,23206909,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cid Silverwing,"Excruciatingly boring, disrespects its parent franchise, no Michael Ironside and cancerous Uplay for the multiplayer.Stay away."
76561198039557737,Not Recommended,235600,12559577,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lolnoob,"This game has a bug where you can't even boot up the game, it goes black screen for a bit then crashes out (Probably why it's called blacklist), this bug has been around for a while, they acknowledged this bug in their supprt but has never fixed it, they suggest you try making it windowed which doesn't work (But even if it did would you play a FPS in window mode? apparently ""making it wider is just like full screen"", lol) Do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,235600,12465350,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,fuckingKuck,Shi* Game...
76561198104809006,Not Recommended,235600,15767727,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,PikaPikaChu,"This is a really♥♥♥♥♥sucky game. Once you play it, you will find out that its so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to finish one thing, and a littl emistake will ♥♥♥♥ all things up. You have start all over again and again. Sometimes after you work so hard finishing the game, becuase of the sloppy transition from console to PC, the game froze and then, guess what? You have to start all over again. Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nobody is playing Coop anymore, and this game is dead. When you are playing coop, having a♥♥♥♥♥sucky teammate will be your lucky day. Jus tone suggetion, don't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198319298258,Not Recommended,235600,29332637,Posted: 18 January,all,hocachi,Personally I find this new splinter cell disrespectful because its so bad and nothing like what I remember splinter cell being like in the good ole days of playstation 2. I should have refunded my money but I sat on playing this game for a while because of other game purchases. RIP #SamFisher #SplinterCell #Hope/Dreams #Wallet
76561198108798235,Recommended,235600,26076487,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mao Zedong,It was alright
,Not Recommended,235600,24267958,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,8 Bullets to the chest and the guy keeps shooting and running around. Realistic? NOPE.
,Not Recommended,235600,35095001,Posted: 20 September,all,G-Man,this game was total crap not even splinter cell anymore...run and gun 3rd person shooter thats super 1 way to play it...might as well be called hitman
,Recommended,235600,26253745,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Omae wa mou Shindeiru,Hen hao
76561198091654728,Not Recommended,235600,24296911,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bee Pepe,cant play because forgot my password for UPLAY. 10/10
76561198109998354,Not Recommended,235600,28290394,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,|Z|computerman|Z|,This game reminds me of a cat with diabetes it's fun antil you try to give it a shot
,Not Recommended,235600,24738480,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,stopierwszy,"The worst Splinter Cell game.Horrible controls (cannot change aiming shoulder, really...), nonexistent story and ugly graphics and generally uninteresting.Big let down compared to the previous one. (Conviction)Also - UPlay."
76561198148843622,Not Recommended,235600,34232887,Posted: 14 August,all,anas_alhosni,feels too old in  2017.skip it if you played more modern gamesbecause it's just gonna be old and annoying to play. unless you loved this game before you just wanna play it again.
,Recommended,235600,34766477,Posted: 5 September,all,✪ElemenT,"Buy the game on sale , spend whole day on the game and beat it , refund it .. free game"
76561197991505885,Not Recommended,235600,32944820,Posted: 28 June,all,Felis Silvestris,"Awful game. It's like the developers could not decied what kind of game they want to make. It is like a mix between conviction and chaos theory but in a bad way. Tried to make the game more stealthier but keeping the controls almost the same as conviction and the stealth mechanics are not here. Well it turn out like a disaster: If you want to stealth, relay on the bad AI, because stealth mechanics are very limited and primitive. Panther style gameplay is bad in this. They removed the fluent controls which was in conviction so no sneaking no stealth kills, just run and gun, oh wait the bad controls make that hard too. So dont buy it does not worht it."
76561198247499688,Recommended,235600,26265247,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BubbleBash,"EZ Game, Too Ez.. EZ PZ LEMON SQZ"
76561197983686242,Not Recommended,235600,31378267,Posted: 26 April,all,general621,TOM CLANCY'S SPLINTER CELL DOES NOT WANT TODOWNLOAD TO PLAY WHAT TO DO
,Not Recommended,235600,30691903,Posted: 23 March,all,Tidy Dave,"Requires the use of UPlay, which in theory is (borderline) acceptable - but in practice I found it wasn't worth the effort.My experience with the software and the time required to configure it just to start the game (~10 minutes) left a sour taste in my mouth and prevented me from fully enjoying the game.Refunded."
76561198322427966,Not Recommended,235600,33466622,Posted: 11 July,all,Canadian_Goose,game wont even start and i have the newest gaming computer out there!
,Not Recommended,235600,30093451,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,Fun.
76561198253157240,Not Recommended,235600,33582825,Posted: 16 July,all,Jake the Pancake,Worst F***ing game I have ever played.
76561198018609072,Recommended,235600,23146276,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pandapiss,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding cheese cake recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1 cup digestive plain sweet biscuit crumbs3 tablespoons sugar3 tablespoons melted butter40 ounces softened cream cheese1 cup sugar3 tablespoons flour1 tablespoon vanilla1 cup sour cream4 eggsDirections:For The base:.If you're using a dark pan, preheat the oven to 350. If you are using a shiny pan, 375.Combine the crumbs, melted butter and 3 tbsp sugar well and pat onto the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. I also like to very very lightly butter the sides of the pan so that the cheesecake will not stick later on.Bake for 10 mins in your preheated oven and remove. Let it cool while you prepare your batter.For the batter:.Make sure everything is at room temperature.Combine sugar, cheese, flour and vanilla in a big bowl and mix on medium speed till well combined. Don't forget to scrape the bowl as you're doing this.Mix in the sour cream till its incorporated well. Then, add the eggs one by one, mixing well after each addition.Pour the batter into the springform and let it bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes After the baking time, turn off the oven and leave the door ajar. Let the cake cool in there for about 1 1/2 hours.Remove the cake and let it cool thoroughly. Refrigerate overnight.Release the sides of the springform.Eat."
76561198120505309,Not Recommended,235600,12836110,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TittaySprinklez,piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235600,22988618,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,mlittle,The game is great but it's unplayable becuase the save game does not work. Anytime you quit the game you essentially have to start over. I have stopped playing because of this.
76561197992054913,Not Recommended,235600,26304611,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fodder,"Acckkkk! The WORST game I've ever even started to play. The earlier Splinter Cell games were wonderful, but this POS is nothing like them!Endless cut scenes! You can't even get INTO the ""game"" without enduring an endless, endless ""movie"" that you have to skip and skip and skip the ""portions"" to FINALLY work your way ""into"" the game.Then, once ""in,"" the ""menu"" interface is so horribly designed that you spend many minutes just trying to figure out how to select a mission. Co-op? Yeah, right. Two player only, and the interface to add a friend is horrendous.Ultimately, we decided to not even PLAY the stupid game after fifteen minutes of PURE frustration just trying to get past the ""movie"" and get ""started.""Then, the real fun. You can't even figure out how to EXIT the pathetic game! The ""menu"" interface is ABSURD!Don't bother. Even on sale, you'll spend more time frustrated than playing.REFUND TIME!!!"
76561197970604052,Not Recommended,235600,32780314,Posted: 25 June,all,what?,Ubisoft is a disease
76561197977260303,Recommended,235600,8927824,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Qusia,This game is just fantastic. Amazingly realistic graphics too.
,Not Recommended,235600,25451636,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,NOT RECOMMENDED !!!!!!
76561198070899623,Not Recommended,235600,31232466,Posted: 19 April,all,SilentGhost,Game crashes every 20 minutes. Could not find a fix on the Internet. Do not buy!
76561198072300535,Recommended,235600,23203760,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Tucks,scsewfcd
76561198044548884,Not Recommended,235600,23215064,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Niakoba,"Bland, boring and bullcrap."
,Recommended,235600,32070024,Posted: 30 May,all,KKona 7,"Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓 Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN 🚗 ⛽️Z OO MIN , IN THE FOreign ⛽️🚓GOt thE enGINE ROARIN"
76561198272167650,Not Recommended,235600,26157738,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BROKEN THUMBS,we cant even change the settingspls dont buy it
,Not Recommended,235600,32353725,Posted: 11 June,all,St@r_Chip$,Don't know
76561198161360154,Not Recommended,235600,32653685,Posted: 22 June,all,AzriLuqman,...
,Not Recommended,235600,22880425,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,rikxos,OOOOOOGHGHGHHHDGOIEKELFEI PLAYED 5 TIMES AND AT 6 TIME DOG HAS SEEN ME OUT THE DOORBAD GAME
,Not Recommended,235600,31613517,Posted: 7 May,all,Jiggsaw,weird western metal gear ripoff0/10
,Recommended,235600,29548046,Posted: 28 January,all,The Mighty Griffin,This game can be very demanding if you don't have one of those higher spec machines but with the right optimizing software you can make it run better.The best and latest SC to date I am now wondering if there ever will be another SC game?
76561197991892527,Recommended,235600,8024970,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Saides,Pretty Good alright but watch yer GPU  this games hard on it  maybe set video qualiity to medium !
76561197970769676,Recommended,235600,458825,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Piers,"Back to the way Splinter cell should be. Good story, good stealth, and Sam's a badass with gadgets."
,Recommended,235600,7412790,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Groove,Best Splinter Cell
,Recommended,235600,7800650,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"Looks great, fun to play, spend quite some time with it and after finishing the story line I came back a few times to play a few facourite missions."
76561198085790443,Recommended,235600,7772429,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The OC,"Like a love-child between Conviction and older Splinter Cell-games (DA, CT etc). Can be played fast paced or all sneaky-like. Several ways to neutralize hostiles (lethal or non-lethal). The multiplayer's balanced and fun"
,Recommended,235600,1016151,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Topperfalkon,"I have mixed feelings about the latest iteration of Splinter Cell. On the one hand, it's still a pretty damn good, challening, stealth action game. The multiplayer component (which I'd never tried until this installment) is nothing short of fantastic and incredibly engaging with the assymetrical team tactics employed in Spies Vs Mercs. There's also been an overhaul of the way customisation and loadout works, which works pretty well, even if it does mean you can't turn Sam into an outright badass.That being said, the new look of Sam Fisher is a disappointment, as I knew it would be. There was a gravelly menace to Michael Ironside's voice that the new voice actor can't replicate, and as a result it makes his character appear a lot softer. The narrative has been changed to somewhat reflect that, but it's still jarring at times."
,Recommended,235600,7778686,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,BOT Mike,"The sequel to Splinter Cell: Conviction is as good as it gets. Deeper weapon and gadget customization, new moves, and a fair story make this game a good buy for stealth action fanatics and gold for Splinter Cell fans."
,Recommended,235600,10406426,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mandelius,This game makes me feel like I am playing Chaos Theory which is a very good thing. All you have to do is basically choose not to go in guns blazing and don't use executions
,Recommended,235600,10410449,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,The Bean Bender,This game is one of the best games to buy on Steam. Beautiful graphics plus an amazing story. I recommend this game to any person who likes a strategic action game.
76561198134244397,Recommended,235600,10382679,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,THEY CALL ME JEFF,Really good game and amazing Grpahic ! story is good multiplayer also good so yeah play this game ! now
76561198004382311,Recommended,235600,10668860,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Takoyak1,"Great game, I have a lot of fun with this game. I met some WTF glitchs but eh... it's fine :D"
76561198059536989,Recommended,235600,10672038,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Orion pax,"Everything about this game is amazing; fluid stealth combat, brutal takedowns, a diverse arsenal of technological goodies and guns, and tactical, tense, cooperative multiplayer.  Oh, and you can't forget the fact that you can play through the whole campaign without killing a single enemy (trust me, I've gotten through a good deal of the game without doing so).  That's why I reccomend this game to anyone interested in experiencing one of the best modern stealth games out there.  However, for veterans of the series, I do have to say that you should avoid this game at all costs.  Why, you ask?Two words: No Ironsides..."
76561198042042193,Recommended,235600,10496834,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,stokes,This game is so so good.
76561198030765838,Recommended,235600,10490093,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AntiValKilmer,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist is the return to the classic style of Splinter Cell if you want it to be. If you play in perfectionist mode and attempt to only go for the ""Ghost"" playstyle, the game plays like the sequel longtime fans have been waiting for since Chaos Theory. The sole drawback might be the fact that the game will occassionally push you down a linear path or clearly telegraph the proper way to avoid detection when Splinter Cell in its heyday left that for you to discover. Other than that, it feels like a fair and modern update to what made the series great. I'm even willing to look past the jackrabbit cover to cover system because it does feel organic to the stealth.However, Ubisoft and AAA gaming in general have changed a lot in the past decade. Game design simply does not allow people to get stuck anymore because frustration doesn't sell DLC. So you get the option to play the stealth lethally, as in Splinter Cell Conviction, which was a fun game, but far from a Splinter Cell game. You also get the option to just assault every enemy in the level, which quite frankly baffles me considering that completely changes the genre of the game (Just buy CoD instead). But mercifully, each of these approaches are entirely optional. Fair enough.But what annoyed me was when the game would deliberately force you to use one of those play styles. It seems to me that if you're given the option to play your way, you should be allowed to stick with that option, considering you upgrade your equipment in the manner best befitting your playstyle. At the end of the first mission for example, you are assualted by waves of guards and told to protect an asset. The only option is to gun all the guards down, considering stealth is impossible because they are coming from all sides. I died over and over again trying to do it, because I had spent the bulk  of the level avoiding detection completely and was not prepared to suddenly go the other way with it. Doesn't seem very fair.Finally, there's the story and presentation, which is just, absurdly, D-movie quality bad. Those of us who've been around since the beginning of the Tom Clancy era might remember that Tom Clancy games traditionally didn't expend a lot of effort on a story. Bad guys were over there, and you had to go stop them. Even as recently as Rainbow Six: Vegas, this was more or less the case. I guess there's something about the fact that Splinter Cell features the same protagonist over and over again that made Ubisoft insist on trying to build a story and characters around him, which was never the strong suit of the Tom Clancy game universe. Double Agent was a strange divergence from the Splinter Cell formula, and Conviction followed in much the same vein. I at least give Conviction credit though for moving like a breezy summer blockbuster (and being about as challenging to get through as sitting and watching a movie). It was wacky, high flying adventure, but not really a Splinter Cell game.The alleged ""return to roots"" that Blacklist is intended as unfortunately carries far too much of the blockbustery cheese picked up in Conviction, compounded by some seriously terrible writing and compounded still further by the fact that Ubisoft apparently thought it was okay to change Sam Fisher's voice after Micheal Ironside made the character iconic across the span of five games. The new actor fits in with the rest of the cast though: the generic black guy serving only as operational support, the absolutely insufferable ""nerd,"" and Anna Grimsdottir, a series regular whom Ubisoft also apparently saw fit to revoice after five games being played by Claudia Besso. The dialogue is cliched to the point of being cringeworthy. Micheal Ironside's iconic growl at least leant Sam Fisher a degree of credibility, but the twenty-something hipster voice he spouts out now: ""I want us on the ground yesterday"" without a hint of irony would be well at home in a Micheal Bay movie.And then you get the nerd making jokes at inappropriate times, and the black guy mumbling about ""operational readiness."" All this aboard some kind of plane that we never see the outside of that makes the members of the ""Fourth Echelon"" (all five of them, counting the Asian guy who doesn't have any lines and sits in the corner) about as believable as government agents as S.H.I.E.L.D. Not to mention the horrific enemy dialogue. You'd think the writers would save themselves the trouble by just having the characters speaking their native languages, but instead I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥of when I hear two Taliban insurgents having this conversation (related to the best of my memory): ""Have you ever been in a fight?"" ""Yes."" ""What's that like?"" ""Well, when the bullets start whizzing past your head, you can only do too things: resign yourself to death, and start doing things that are going to get you killed, or resign yourself to life, and start doing things to kill the enemy."" I threw a noisemaker to draw them apart from each other during this conversation, one of them took a half step away and then said ""its probably nothing, anyway, about war-"" I guess its impossible to stop such a compelling conversation.In the end, treat Blacklist like a classic Tom Clancy game. Skip the cutscenes, don't listen to the dialogue, and just play the game. If you're a lover of Splinter Cell, its gonna come through for you. If you're new to the series, this is what real stealth should be, lurking under the surface of a cheesy presentation."
76561198045114607,Recommended,235600,7485380,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,ROD12IGU3Z,"AMAZING GAME, seriously a must buy, online is fun as hell too and coop!"
,Recommended,235600,10500279,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nreekez,"Best Metal Gear knockoff Stealth game ever with dumbass AI and many other stupid over-powered features such as the Crossbow. Shooting out lights are now more useless than ever, plus there is no more wall-climbing and prone. Enemy detection is the best here even on Perfectionist, they're still dumbasses. 10/10 for the game, graphics, gameplay, level design, story telling, and NEW Sam Fisher voice. But 1/10 for the poor AI. Overall, it's an awesome game. *SPOILERS* everyone dies. Tactical Espionage Action. The American version of Metal Gear Solid but with no Bipedal tanks or Nanomachine controlled humans."
,Recommended,235600,10474588,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Numn Nutts,"This game is fun no doubt about it. The Single player is very easy even on the hardest difficulty and playing the stealth way, just to be warned. If you want a challenge go elsewhere. Here is the thing that you need to know. To play this game online you are going to have to set things up in your router. So if you live in dorms or have no technical skills you might want to pass on this because you wont be able to play online. The online is fun when you get it working."
76561198045794663,Recommended,235600,10476193,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Azman2004,"Great game for stealth. It's always satisfying to find out that someone fell into your trap. It isn't as stealthy as Chaos Theory, but a bit harder. The heavies are the worst enemy, being immune to the stun gun/crossbow. But everything else is awesome. Definitely an 8/10. Get it for an awesome story, great characters, and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,235600,10476680,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,KermitKrab,"Pew Pew. Punch Stab. Hide in plain sight, they cant see you.Seriously it's a good game, needs more people online, im lonely.10/10 would stealth again."
,Recommended,235600,10477152,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,recaZ,So much fun. Multiplayer is spectacular! 9/10!
76561198080592661,Recommended,235600,10477355,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,WhiskeyVictor,"I LOVED this game, I didn't want to beat it! This game was the first game that actually challenged my gaming mind like no other game had done before. I definitely recommend it! The co-op aspect is just as exciting. My only dislike was the online Mercs vs. Spies, but that is just me."
,Recommended,235600,10478218,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Captain Ahab,"The near perfect mix between the playability and fun of Conviction and the stealth 'em up of the older generation of Splinter Cell games. Sure, it's possible to play most of the missions with your guns a blazing, but the game is much more rewarding and enjoyable to play sneaky."
76561198070488677,Recommended,235600,10478469,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Perrified,Splendiferous.
,Recommended,235600,10478509,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Zelse7,I really enjoy this game. I find it awesome that Sam is so badass. I love the customizable loadouts and outfits. It allows the game to let you play how you want to play.
76561197968661455,Recommended,235600,10479487,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Donoby,"The Best of all the Splinter cell series, great game play, great graphics, sound track and audio drama....The story keeps you thrilled to the end, the only glitch is the ""new"" Sam Fisher voice, but you get use to it quickly"
,Recommended,235600,10479745,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,quinton_as,Awesome game!
,Recommended,235600,10472994,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Lady Kalma,"Better than the previous two by far. No more of Double Agent's awkward, heavily pre-set missions, no more of Conviction's ditching of stealth. Instead, the game has tried to please all fans by having some very explicit options for three methods of play:  True stealth, silent killer, and all-out gunplay, with achievements, progression, and unlockable gadgets and weapons catering to each style. It's hard not to appreciate the way the game accomodates players of all three. On top of that, there's a ton of co-op content that works wonderfully, and the return of the excellent Spies vs Mercs mode, which is as fun as ever. But it's not all chocolates and kisses from the game. The open-ended gameplay makes it feel a lot less focused than previous games, but without opening up its levels in that sandboxy-style Chaos Theory did so wonderfully. Instead almost every level is essentially a series of linear rooms, Conviction-style, you just choose whether to sneak past, stab past, or shoot past all the enemies in it. Really, the level design lets the rest of the game down. It also has a troublesome menu system, that wants everything to be an organic and interactive part of the game world, with you walking up to screens inworld to interact with them and open menus from there. Unfortunately, it's just slow and wastes time as you have to fart around too much to just begin playing what you want to, while the game bombards you with online information about who is playing and why you should totally go join this horde-style mission over here. I know, this sounds like nitpicking, but it quickly gets tiresome and breaks up the flow of the game badly when you're dumped back into the Hub Of Walking To Menu Screens each time instead of smoothly proceeding with the mission. It's also no better than past games in storyline, the usual extreme jingoism conveniently made acceptable by the narrative, with extreme violence and torture just tools of the American quest for freedom that never go wrong, but it's expected from the series nowadays so whatever, it at least gets some bonus points for having a few twists and turns I genuinely didn't see coming. At the end of the day, it beats the hell out of Double Agent and Conviction without quite reaching the original trilogy's level. It hits $10 on steam sale frequently and it's easily worth every penny of that."
,Recommended,235600,10518064,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD. Hours of fun,  tactical gameplay and great selection of weaponry and gadgets. Addictive game. This is a best buy and worth the full price although i purchased it in the sale for £8. MUST BUY."
76561197971079752,Not Recommended,235600,10520578,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Zakarail,"Compared to the original splinter cell, or the later ones like Chaos Theory, I feel that blacklist falls very short... The snazzy black & white night vision goggles that were a staple of the series are replaced with green and work poorly. Actually, the game is so bright that I never needed to even use them, although they didn't actually particularly help when I did since it makes everything look terrible. In the originals, I rarely stopped using my goggles, they were part of what made Sam such a well-equipped badass.In addition, this is a standard crappy Ubisoft port - no save games, wonky controls, an unforgiving checkpoint system that rarely saves, and of course Ironside is no longer voicing Sam Fisher. Ultimately it doesn't have the charm or appeal of the old splinter cell games. Instead of trying to ""ghost"" missions by never leaving a trace, the irritating checkpoint system will end up forcing you to memorize quick paths and kill as many as possible so a simple mistake/control issue doesn't send you back to the beginning of the level."
,Not Recommended,235600,10492840,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,metafa,"I bought this game to play online. But that's quite difficult if noone else plays online. Sure, I didn't wait 24 hours until someone finally showed up, but for a game I want to play online it's quite unacceptable if I can't start the game, find a match and play right away. I have no idea about the singleplayer, seems like another timewaster, but yea, online there is NOONE playing.PS: I don't care if you are a fanboy and/or don't like my review. No multiplayer is a dealbreaker for me."
,Recommended,235600,10360543,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Demyer,Best parts of Conviction and Chaos Theory in one game.Must play for light and shadow stealth fans.
,Recommended,235600,10361261,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,izaak,"Good, except that most people ussually hate any game platform except for steam *cough* Uplay *cough*"
76561197964957155,Recommended,235600,197977,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,GaGrin,"This prettymuch hits the exact point I expected it to between the previous action-centric and pacey Conviction, and the older considered and more ponderous outing of the series.Let's get the major criticism out of the way first.  These characters and this tone really doesn't gel in that quiet way that the original Splinter Cell did.  The happy trio of Grim, Sam and Lambert doesn't exist here - and while that fits the story evolution of the series, they've ended up with a bizzare mix of personal and international stakes.  This game has a public face to the enemy - an actual named villian - and a buddy-movie style revenge plot.  These all lack the simple yet effective subtley of a man trying to quietly protect his daughter's future while never being acknowledge outside of the team.On to the positive.  This merges prettymuch all of the best bits of the stealth-centric AI from the series - the defensive door-camping and quick-storming from Conviction, with the slow escalation of awareness from Chaos Theory.  This is a stealth game that really lets you mess with the AI - without them seeming completely stupid.  Mess with them too much, have one too many of their buddies go missing and they become far more aware - a neat feature that really sells the idea that you're trying to outsmart people and not purely mechanical systems.The range of difficulty settings and what they change is really nice - pushing you more and more towards a stealthy/ghosty playstyle the harder it gets.  This goes hand in hand with some nice score scaling - with avoidance being scored above confrontation, and containment being scored over escape.  It really pushes the correct ethos of a stealthy game without ever penalising you should you make a mistake, or simply not want to play that way (barring mission specific objectives cos PLOT happens).It's nice to see the range and use of gadgets return to use and the loadout system is a neat idea - though I can't help but feel like so much of it is more or less completely pointless.  Some of these seem to exisit purely to make the game harder and for those that need to collect unlocks and achievement hunt.  I think the general idea is good, and it is nice to be able to actually pick your own gadget and weapon loadout rather than be forced to use things you don't like - however it feels like missed potential for some variation in tactical choices - rather than it essentially coming down to a handful of weapons/gadgets that are just going to be better most of the time.I like the way they've handled the shorter replayable mission chunks for coop/solo play too - clear differences in the objectives and playstyle of each so you can pick a mission that suits the type of play you want at that moment.  This is something I really hope they expand and this might well be the first game I've ever bought where I really want them to release mission DLC.The best praise I can give BL is that it's greatest failing is not capturing CT's tone - in many, many other ways it's a better and more evolved stealth game than CT ever was."
,Recommended,235600,10399536,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Scoop Life,Very nice!
,Recommended,235600,10239918,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,The Bling King,Really enjoying this game.  Doing it all stealthy.  You can rambo it to if you wish
76561198001063162,Not Recommended,235600,10243990,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Elite Randomx,How can you sell a game with like no players online? i want a refund.
,Recommended,235600,10589424,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fray Dabson,"Keeping up the Franchise, I liked past games beter, but this is still good."
76561197981111308,Recommended,235600,10590664,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,protonted,Nice graphics and intensive combat experience!
76561198072933270,Recommended,235600,10592273,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Triple Zoom,"The list may not be black enough, but still 10/10."
76561198039985715,Recommended,235600,10593283,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,xGhostFleax,"For the SINGLE PLAYER ONLY... Multiplayer is good if you can find a decent room(1/25ish chance) as the hack users from last year are still around with their instakill at 400yrds while spinning and spamming nades. All in all, spend 2 hours finding a legit game, finally play it, start winning, other team rage quits or host drops, then people reconnect with blatent hackers yet again! The single player, however, is superb. Amazing gameplay that speeds things up a bit. Get ready to think on your toes.Good:Great single playerWell done graphicsI personally like the new SamBad:Multiplayer and Ubisofts lack of security(They always have this problem)Spies ARE truly OP in this one, but a good merc settup can help."
76561197999106627,Recommended,235600,10733936,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sqlboy2000,"I just finished my 3rd play through of the campaign. The replay value on this game is incredible because there are so many ways to play it. Ghosted it on realistic (ok, minus one or two dogs, I hate those things :) and then I just finished the whole thing plus the expansion on Perfectionist. The cut scenes are fantastic as well, it has the feel of a big budget movie. It's not just a great SC game, it's a great game. If you see it less than $20 it's a steal."
,Recommended,235600,9207421,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,|BC|Murt Enix,"DO NOT BUY THIS! COOP DOES NOT WORK, WASTED £30 A TIME ON THIS CRAP!EDIT: Since posting this it now somehow works... So i'm going to change my vote to Recommending this game!"
76561198032086027,Recommended,235600,10737457,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Incognito_007,Great game that met my need for Alpha Protocol II. Highly reccomended!
76561198090011536,Recommended,235600,10738702,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John Salchichon Rambo,"Great game if you enjoy stealth. A bit tricky to handle at first, but then when you understand how to hide, kill without been detected and use the wide variety of devices, it becomes really fun. Although online multiplayer is not very populated, coop is a nice alternative, with a bunch of missions to fulfill."
,Recommended,235600,3074166,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Turban Senpai,"Really fixed what Conviction was lacking, a real stealth element, combine that with chaos theories excelent SVM mode and a challenging diverse game style, this game is possibly the best splinter game of this generation."
,Recommended,235600,10750522,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sameister,Is this a game? No its ♥♥♥♥ing super-game! :D 10/10
76561197970519274,Recommended,235600,10750923,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Himay,Stealth Sniper goodness!
,Recommended,235600,3386214,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,op,horny
76561198045544187,Not Recommended,235600,9362054,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,DOOMSTAR,"I would not advise getting this strictly for the multiplayer. It does not have the elements in which makes you ""Feel"" you're either a Spy or Merc. What I mean by ""elements"" is that Spy have weapons, something I never understood and the multiplayer is NOTHING like it was in Splinter Cell DA and how you could choose weather you wanted to play as Spy OR Mercenary. Not everyone enjoy's playing the spy and not everyone enjoys playing the Merc.  I would be playing this more often if they had this option alone, let alone, the ability to practice against A.I..."
76561198071852245,Recommended,235600,10549737,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Auman5,Splinter Cell Blacklist is awesome.  It is one of the best stealth games I have ever played.
,Recommended,235600,10482537,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Double Ocelot,so good for stealth players
,Recommended,235600,10482846,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Toastedjambread,"Aside from the ""meh"" singleplayer, eric johnson trying so hard to be ironside, and the crappy gameplay change from stealth to action that relies heavily on the cover systems and contextual parkour, I have to say the multiplayer is awesome. The control schemes and gameplay are atrocious for singleplayer yet for spies vs mercs it surprisingly fits. Very well actually. Spies vs Mercs is extremely fun, and playing it is almost like playing hide and seek. Mercs seek and kill . Spies hack and hide. The reason being is that Splinter Cell 1-4 have always been slowpaced and stealth, a game that relied on strategy and stealth to complete the mission. So the gameplay change from taking time to learn the enemy AI and patience to a mechanic that heavily relies on parkour and cover system and reflex and what not only made the game easy, but that tactical sense has gone down the drain. These kind of game mechanics pitted against AI makes the game too easy. But spies vs mercs was never slow paced. Even when it first came out in pandora tomorrow, the gameplay is much faster than its singleplayer counterpart. Playing with players does not only take patience and tactical planning. It takes reflex and actual skill. AI is predictable, but humans are not. So the game mechanics are perfect for SvM."
76561198011239517,Recommended,235600,10484280,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,-A- Coiledvipers,Good Game got  it on bargin WOuld spend over 20 bucks for the game though.
,Recommended,235600,10485105,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,mczc06,"Enough talk, THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME!! STEALTH MODE ON!!!"
,Recommended,235600,10486326,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Datamon,i suck at this game i wouldent recomond it for people who dont like sneaking past people.
,Recommended,235600,10562868,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Puppet ツ,"Got spotted and instead of shooting me, the heavy just kepped pushing me for ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,235600,10562931,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,i.illegallyugly,"Played the game on console and then bough it for the pc.I personally really enjoyed the game. For the story, who really plays these for the story. It was a decent storyline for a Tom Clancy game. It brings you to some interesting venues.Between misions you return to your ""base"" (a plane) and can interact with the various characters and obtain missions from them that fall outside of the main missions.I like that the game somewhat returned to its roots from the first 3 and kept some of the features from SC: Conviction. It seem like a fun and enjoyable blend of the two games and playstyles. There are three playstyles and each mission with a few exceptions can be played with either styles. Even the missions where they recommend full rambo mode can be played in stealth mode. It still suffers some consoleitus but it is far from the worst thing I have seen.The campaign had a first person mision, where you take control of one of your teamates. I found this out of place as the gameplay was not ballanced for that. You just headshoted everyone and they never new who did it.Tha gadgets are interesting and not too overpowered (with reagards to seeing through walls and unlimited emps like in conviction). Each mission earns you money depending on your performance. This money is used to upgraded your equipment aswell as the plane. You'd need to do some sidemissions in order to be max ""level"" by the end of the game.No experience with muliplayer.Loved the game. Will periodically go back and play again."
76561198019823569,Recommended,235600,10488706,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Dogs should vote,Great game
,Recommended,235600,10489460,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Warhol,The closest we'll get to playing Chaos Theory again. It even comes with Spies VS Mercs!
,Recommended,235600,10489716,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PlantToKil,"This game is very fun. Best out of the Splinter Cell series in my opinion. The controls are not to hard to get used to and its not to hard to find a match online. There are a few problems like if the host leaves a match the match is canceled, and you got to have Uplay.... but other than that its very fun and is worth! I suggest getting it when its on sale especially! 8/10"
76561198054046286,Recommended,235600,10490371,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Deathtree,"very good game with lots to do,can be quite challenging"
,Recommended,235600,10491264,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,R.X Wolff,Ubisoft did a great job
,Recommended,235600,10494290,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Juan Cena,This Game Is aweome
76561198029181046,Not Recommended,235600,10700642,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ravenskott,"Not as good as Conviction. Story was generic. Not much character development for Sam and the gang. No Michael Ironside. This game was just about a break even proposition for me, but the insistence on Uplay tips it into the 'No' category."
76561198052844792,Recommended,235600,10701031,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Neurion,"This is one of my favorite games. As far as stealth games go, this one beats all. Very detailed stealth mechanics and able to improvise on the go if you need to. Also supports all play styles. STory line is good and is directed nicely."
,Recommended,235600,10702555,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ThatsSoVader,Much stealth. Very kill. Wow.
,Recommended,235600,10608341,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JaxteR,brilliant game the stealth is amazing and gunplay is rewarding but with skill
,Recommended,235600,10596669,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eggo,"A very fun revival to the Splinter Cell series and while uPlay and the optimization can be a bit problematic at times, if you were a fan of the Splinter Cell series or the stealth genre I would recommend this game, especially for the $18 dollars it is being sold for."
,Recommended,235600,10597162,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,EdwinHope,nice to play 4/5 vote
,Recommended,235600,8253145,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shinzo,"Splinter Cell Blacklist:I have played many of the splinter-cell games in my time and all of them have met the stealth action genre with high standards.The graphics and the gamplay are nailed on this splinter cell game.I do like the aspect of being inside your aircraft and you are able to pick and choose what you want to do, weather it be side missions or main missions. Its also got a nice co-op system to it and you must work together with other players if you are to complete the mission.There is one thing I do dislike about the game I will mention it even though all my reviews are postive reviews. I do not like the fact its a different voice actor for Sam. I am use to the previous voice actor from the previous games. However that doesn't stop the game from actually being a good game."
,Recommended,235600,8254144,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Boris,"I really enjoyed this game. The story is interesting and with the various styles of play, it definitely gives something to do for hte completionist out there as well. I personally played once through with a focus on stealth and enjoyed myself very much. Not the longest game certaintly but for under 30$ I'd say it is worth a play through."
76561198042277896,Recommended,235600,8255596,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BlueBoy{ UK },BRilliant
,Recommended,235600,8256614,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spaghetti Sauce,"20 hrs in so far. Perfectionist mode is amazing. Not being able to mark and execute or use my sonar goggles makes the game so much more challenging and fun. Singleplayer campaign is pretty good and the Co op is fun although it is a bit annoying that i can't talk to my teammate just type chat. Spies vs Merc is ok, not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,235600,8012688,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,chaosnipples,"Quite possibly the best iteration of Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory. I understand that the series used to be solely focused on stealth tactics, but Ubisoft has managed to incorporate the Action style gameplay mechanic to a spectaular level. You can choose to complete missions using ""ghost"" tactics by avoiding all combat, ""panther"" tactics which involves killing every enemy without being seen, and ""assault"" which is your staple run-and-gun action style game. Quite intuitive and makes you want to replay the game over and over. Multiplayer has taken on massive improvements as well. You can play the classic style Spies vs Mercs, or the new Blacklist style gameplay, which are both rewarding in their own way.As for getting the software to work... I'm using a Sony Vaio Duo 11 and I got this game to work by editing the videosettings.inf file AND switching to DirectX9. No more crashes. Can't run on high settings anyways so using DirectX9 doesn't make a difference to me. If you can get this game to run without crashing, it's amazing."
,Recommended,235600,8001603,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Zaid,"This is the best Splinter Cell game since Chaos Theory. I did not care much fore the generic story, but this game is a very well-executed example of stealth  that appeals to many styles of gameplay without diluting the core mechanics. Highly recommended to anyone with a passing interest in stealth games."
,Recommended,235600,8136455,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Antonius Candidus,The best Splinter Cell game with a great mix of classic Splinter gameplay from the older games and Conviction's action!More Co-op missions would be awesome though.
76561197989059106,Recommended,235600,8289633,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ilikepie,like.
,Recommended,235600,8293675,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Recipy Dictator,Splinter Cell Blacklist is much better than the last ones. You can solve a level in three ways : 1) Sneak2)Kill them all (like Rambo) 3) or you kill them sneaky (: . The Multiplayer is great you fight as a spy or as a soldier.The spys try to capture a point and the soldiers have to protect this piont.
,Recommended,235600,8293713,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheFerndog,"Fun and challenging, I'd recommend buying during one of the huge discount deals that Steam offers."
,Recommended,235600,8121684,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DalaiLemur,"Really fun if played with friends. Spies vs Mercs is great fun, but the new version of it is kind of...lacking. The whole ""let's give the spies guns that can outshoot mercs"" deal going on with SvM Blacklist is kind of bad."
,Recommended,235600,8160170,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hank Hell,"A great (soft) reboot for the series. Challenging missions with multiple playstyles, and rewards for sticking to a particular playstyle. Multi is fairly fun, but slightly imbalanced."
76561198055894063,Recommended,235600,5899330,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Burgey,The Greatest Game I have EVER played!.....STEALTH AT ITS FINEST!
76561198086220646,Recommended,235600,8150533,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DG|ZeeCoverage|CPL,9/10Splinter Cell Blacklist to me is the game that brought the Tom Clancy's fracise back to life it has everything that all playing styles could want staight out running in guns blasing to going in and out with out anyone even knowing your there....But it also mixes those two play styles together so well so if you like killing sliently with the mix of being a silent killer this game is for you...I have played Splinter Cell Blacklist for over 50 hours and I am still having fun playing levels over and over again.Over all this game is a must buy for anyone who is into third person shooters....
,Recommended,235600,8243012,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Red Serpant,Following Convictions in moving away from the more classic style of Splinter Cell it is much faster paced. It is however really good and if you enjoyed convictions gameplay at all you will most certainly enjoy this.
,Recommended,235600,8245565,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,네코,"when you download the game its going to make you download UPlay, but i already had it cause of far cry so not a big deal, but possibly problematic for other users"
,Recommended,235600,8248587,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spydaw,This game really challenges you to do the best you can and become a ghost. Awesome gameplay and game style.
76561198008996211,Recommended,235600,8231856,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Strabo,Awesome.
76561197999970300,Recommended,235600,8235879,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DJ Limerick,"50% this Holday..Great game for SOLO and COOP, and Multiplayer..."
,Recommended,235600,8235913,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Evil Morty,"Without Ironsides it feels hollow at first, but once you start kicking♥♥♥♥♥with how fluid the gameplay is the game really comes together. I no longer find myself yelling at sam 'NO YOU IDIOT I DIDN""T WANT YOU TO JUMP OFF THAT CLIFF!' So far as the story? It's Tom Clancy, doomsday♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone has a nuke remember?"
,Recommended,235600,9098646,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,XxPussyDestroyerxX,"Great , fun and very addictive game to play it is mixed with stealth open combat and using lots of other gadgets. The objective of the game is to stop the blacklist a terrorist group who call themself the engineers, and bring world peace to the countrys of the world."
,Recommended,235600,9098778,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,pierogi,"I've played the original on PS2 and played a lot of online as a kid with my cousin. Playing this games multiplayer again is a blessing, absolutuly in love with the multiplayer. Nothing is more satisfying than ♥♥♥♥ing up people as a merc or slitting throats as a spy. 8.5/10"
76561198004388833,Recommended,235600,7434082,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Leather_Jackal,A very entertaining game with lots of replayability.Pursue the Engineers around the world to end the Blacklist.
,Recommended,235600,9103046,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,oscarkortekaas,This game is brilliant. Love splinter cell and this is back to the first one. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,235600,9104502,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Abusive Husband,"a huge step up from Splinter Cell: Conviction.Blacklist gives us back to actual stealth, even though it's profoundly different from earlier games. The campaign is relatively short, but has some degree of replayability if you mess around with playstyles, gadgets and difficulty.The story is crap, and that's a real shame since it's so story-orientated. The characters are stereotypes and simply annoying, just skip the story, trust me it's rubbish.The multiplayer is decent, I don't think people will still be playing much 6 months to a year from now so keep that in mind.I just wish this game had more content. There aren't many missions, there aren't even many paths you can take in them. This game just leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,235600,9104557,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kwarter,Aside from it's annoying dependence on uPlay... This game is a blast to play. Challenging (optional with in-game difficulty settings) gameplay and the multiplayer is fun.
76561198005587074,Recommended,235600,9111225,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ShotGunGuy,"Really fun game, even better if you have a friend."
,Recommended,235600,9164507,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,arken,arken likey
76561198035636437,Recommended,235600,9173237,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,illusion58,If you liked Mercs v. Spies then you'll like this now.
76561198068923491,Recommended,235600,9177059,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Bitch-Face McGee,"Definitely brings back the classic Splinter-Cell feel to it while adding more rewarding features. I recommend playing through it in ""Perfectionist"" mode for a real challenge if you're a die-hard fan of the stealth route."
,Recommended,235600,9659351,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Princess Milissa Annie,"Even with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ latop, I have I got this game to run at 60FPS. Damn good game. Even the AI has gotten better in screwing you when you are discovered. A lot of fun! Liked the Idea about useing the app on phnoe to add items and credits!"
76561198036175421,Recommended,235600,9659804,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Lakadazakal,"Freakishly fun and satisfying. There are so many different ways to dispose of the baddies, the areas/set pieces are fun, and the cover system is superb and easy to use. Also, replayability is excellent: Side missions are crazy difficult and challenging. The star of this game are the lighting effects, and how you interact with the shadows: Shoot out the lights and add to the darkness, your greatest ally. Basically, this is stealth at it's most fun and challenging: I feel all-powerful, and yet it's still absurdly difficult in some areas, especially the wave side-missions (they will keep you up all night through sheer frustration). Co-op is a blast, and multiplayer is original and challenging, although perhaps not weighted correctly (one particular map lends itself to spawn camping, which is just disgusting)."
76561198061898910,Recommended,235600,9230888,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Big Daddy Crow,A wondeful game.It's a must for every Splinter Cell fan .
,Recommended,235600,9232429,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Jakku,One of the best ports from Ubisoft to PC
,Recommended,235600,9234418,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ben the biscuit,"really fun game, multiplayer is good, graphics are good"
76561198068094448,Recommended,235600,9234888,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,B✪ceV-,"Unleash the force of the most lethal agent to ever exist. You are Sam Fisher, and you've been granted the ultimate license to protect innocents against an array of global terror attacks known as Blacklist - the freedom to use limitless power, to bend or break virtually every law, and to rise to the level of the world's most lethal operative. If you are successful, the President of the United States will deny your existence. If you fail, millions will likely face their deaths."
76561198009630531,Recommended,235600,9613830,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,defcon.klaxon,"I cannot believe how many hours I've spent playing this game.  The main story is great, the re-playability for different modes (ghost, panther, stealth) and ancillary targets like dead drops and laptops, and the amazing free-roaming, multiple paths of play keep me playing this game over and over.  Then, if that's not good enough, co-op mode with a friend can bring a whole new level of fun.  I dig how some NPCs are notoriously difficult like heavy soldiers so that it's challenging, and overall really can't think of any negative aspect of the game save that eventually, you'll be done.  I wish some DLC with more levels would come out as the story is left open-ended enough for this possibility, but if the worse complaint is that there isn't more to play...well, that says it all, doesn't it?  I seriously consider this a perfect game."
76561198080862607,Recommended,235600,9615128,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Mrblasko29,"Lots of stealth with open areas for multiple ways of accomplishing objectives. Very fun multiplayer levels, too"
,Recommended,235600,9653230,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Jay,Story 7/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 8/10
76561198095408467,Recommended,235600,9671486,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,=UWS=UnDeadDemon420,Best single player campaign i've played in a while..
,Recommended,235600,8957605,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,-g2.B(+)urne,"WOW. This is far more different in smooth mechanics as the older Splinter Cell Titles. I love the fact in this one you can use anything in the enviroment, including enemy weapons. Hated how a clandestine organization cant seem to afford more than one clip of ammo for each weapon you carry. This is almost like Assasins Creed, Meets Splinter Cell, Meets Mass Effect 3 Combat. This is what this series needed, a serious Reboot. I havnt played the multiplayer yet so cant comment much on that but 3 hours into campaign and im VERY impressed and am having a blast with this one. Atleast now we can choose What path we want to take in missions and do the mission the they way you want as a player instead of the old Prescripted Tomb Raider Feel of Solving Jumping puzzles to get through an area you actually Play and have fun in each area. Old Splinter Cell felt to linear (always had to go certain way and do things exactly right or instant mission fail). 10/10 so far !"
76561198097832863,Recommended,235600,7256657,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Grizzly,Для тех кто любит стелс
,Recommended,235600,9782782,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Softw4re,Out of all stealth games in ze world. Dees mai frands is the bast one
76561197981827604,Recommended,235600,9074199,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DM0NEY,"This game is a must have for any stealth enthusiast. The multiplayer modes, especially spy vs merc are incredibly fun. And the controls while both in first person and third person are effortless."
,Recommended,235600,9074814,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Otacon,Not as good as chaos theory was but it comes close.
76561198091685778,Recommended,235600,9072162,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Young Voorhees,1 of the best games ever
,Recommended,235600,9077307,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ōbami 大神,"The old♥♥♥♥♥Sam Fisher is now voiced by a 30 year old Canadian guy. He also looks like Ryan Seacrest with gray hair. Jesus Christ, Ubisoft."
76561198090062093,Recommended,235600,9078055,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ManSpace,Amazing game! The story is good and the gameplay is absoloutely epic.
,Recommended,235600,9080152,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Abjekt,"Great game - it follows on well from Convinction, especially with the new gameplay mechanics, and gives some very good moments. Single player and co-op play in fun, and Spies v Mercs is even better! Some glitches in the enemy AI sometimes, and towards the end of the game, it gets stale (there's nothing much to spend your money on) and there's a bit of an anti-climax. But overall, a game with high replayability. 8/10"
,Recommended,235600,8912576,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Λεγεών,"My 2013 GOTY, a truly great game."
,Recommended,235600,8913999,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Peck1234,Great Gameplay.  Great Graphics the New Patch makes this game SMOOOOTH
,Recommended,235600,8916111,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,sharon_knits76™,The cooperative action in this game makes it shine.  The single player campaign is very satisfying; the levels are smartly crafted.  The multiplayer is difficult and unique but still overall fun.  Playing on perfectionist makes you feel like a pro.  One of my favorite games of 2013.
76561198017140951,Recommended,235600,8931104,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,rbc71292,"The story is very good but I hope they expand on it. This story needs to continue into either another game or a large DLC. The ability to not only choose your own style of play but to also mix it up makes this at least a 4 star game to me. The upgrades (for weapons/gear) idea is awesome and needs to be in future games. I liked the co-op but I haven't played the multiplayer stuff so I can't give a rating for that. If you didn't like the last game for the same reasons as I (too much foul language, too much action/aggression, etc) then you'll like this one because it doesn't use a swear word every other word and the action does not overpower the stealth aspect unless you want it to. Overall a great game. If you like the series or you just like stealth games you gotta get this game."
,Recommended,235600,8932446,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Frazz75,A natural progression from previous SC games.
,Recommended,235600,8976369,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Chakka Demus and Sideting Plies,"This is a great game, if you want the best co-op experience then play with a friend. Its nice to see the old gamemodes from SC :CT back in the picture :)"
76561198052297832,Recommended,235600,8978644,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Rio,"My favourite stealth series. It's 'abit' more action'y' than the predicessors but I still enjoy the speed of the game. I guess those not interested in stealth, may not enjoy this. but if you stick to main missions i can see those being blasted through compared to some of the side missions."
,Not Recommended,235600,8982659,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,byronicman,"Game will only allow you to resume from a previously saved game if you are online, despite the fact files are stored locally. It's a known issue according to tech support - yet one which has remained unresolved since October.Avoid."
76561198079486883,Recommended,235600,9089101,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ᴬ Tony,This game is the most fun i've had in a long time. Also keeping the brilliant storyline of Sam Fisher Well worth buying!!!
76561197983915739,Recommended,235600,9066638,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Cyprien,"Fantastic realism, and story immerasion. Worth the cash, especially as it was on sale!"
,Recommended,235600,9067119,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Comatose,"The game is nice and fun, but IF YOU HAVE HAMACHI OR SOME OTHER PROGRAMS INSTALLED, YOU CAN'T PLAY MULTIPLAYER. The game could use some better graphics but they are pretty decent. The game is very fun but another sort of big problem with multiplayer is that matches are not found based on experience, meaning you could be level 15 with someone level 20 playing against 2 people that are over level 46, there is actually a disadvantage, you get points every time you level up which you need to upgrade your online character. I would say that I enjoy the multiplayer more than the campaign and solo missions. Overall, this game is fun and I would recommend it. 8.5/10"
76561198058693426,Recommended,235600,9083564,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Deadpool,"Very very good Game! I played about 9 Hours to get through the Singleplayer-Campaign only and the missions were awesome. You decide how to play, what to take with you and there are often more than 2 ways to get to your target. The multiplayer/Co-op seems fun too. I wasnt able to play it longer till this moment but those 3 games i played online (2 lost *sigh*) have been really really intense! Try it, its a well made game and worth the penny!"
,Recommended,235600,9083618,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,LazarusArms,"I always loved the Splinter Cell series for its stealth suspense.This game is no different, the story is kind of overused in other games but the gameplay and visual quality make well up for it.If it's on-sale again I would recommend you to pick it up!"
76561198110286195,Recommended,235600,9087469,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,oOwNiXo,Best Splinter Cell we haven't had for a long time
,Recommended,235600,9087635,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"Quite the game, especially playing around with all the gadgets adds a ton of fun. Hours spent sneaking around, playing with your enemies and basically feeling like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ They clearly took some ideas from Mass Effect and assassins creed, but heck it works.A few let downs though, the ending is quite terrible in regards to coherence with the character, by forcing a situation that really didn't need to be forced. And it is of course a Ubisoft title, so you'll have to live with running both Steam and Uplay to play this, which adds an extra load to your system that if you can barely run the game could be a problem, but not something you notice if you got decent specs.If offers a wide range of variety and some replay value, with the added bonus of different multiplayer options.  So yea, I recommend buying it as long as you have the hours you'll spend crawling around, shooting lights and being the ghost from every enemy goon's nightmares."
76561198019437851,Recommended,235600,9088509,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,GTBchief,Amazing but sometimes I want to rage quit.
,Recommended,235600,1837206,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,FireHazard772,"So far I'm liking it, although my computer isn't quite up-to-spec for it. The Splinter Cell series are a heart-beater (Except Double Agent, to me, was..meh)"
76561198016358073,Recommended,235600,10040702,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,kyokushin4life89,the best action game i have ever played i definatly liked this better than the last game
76561197970808000,Recommended,235600,9990489,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,antz,Excellent game: stealth or action...or a mixture. The play mechanics are great. The upgrades to weapons and gear keep you interested and the actual levels are challenging and varied. Well worth your money.
,Recommended,235600,10000452,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,StuFX,"I was initially apprehensive about Blacklist, as what really is a standout feature of the Splinter Cell series is Michael Ironside as Sam Fisher, so to hear he wasn't returning (the reasons were because the game was done with performance capture and he was too old - yet, the Arkham games use performance capture and booth recording simultaneously, so go figure.) was a bit of a downer. The Splinter Cell series quality has dramatically declined since Chaos Theory, with Conviction sort of bringing a fresh approach which made me hopeful for Blacklist. Thankfully, the lack of Ironside is only irritating at the very start, and Blacklist has numerous new and immersive features that really aid the games flow. The story is interesting, gameplay is refreshing and the options and routes you can take in mission scenario's are fun to explore. Huge replayability factor, and longevity of the campaign was surprisingly impressive! Recommend it to any fans of the series, hopefully this signals a return to what made the original and first two sequels so tense and enjoyable. I do miss Ironside, though."
76561198077023301,Recommended,235600,10032160,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mytch,"The singleplayer is pretty fun. There's a good chunk of gameplay in there that'll last you a while. I wouldn't say the multiplayer is too bad either; classes and ranks aren't balanced out the greatest, but learning your ways around it is fun."
,Recommended,235600,5034274,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Pregernant,Better than Taco Bell.
76561198002946254,Recommended,235600,9950462,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Frodo Slaggins,Awesome game. Far better than the originals as Blacklist allows you to complete the game using a variation of playstyles. This gives the game more flexibility and in general more fun. The challenge missions are also fun to play and multiplayer gives you classic play styles (spy vs. merc) as well as some new styles.I rate this game 8/10.
,Recommended,235600,2425005,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,BigMeatSwang'n,ehh most certainly not you classic splinter cell....
,Recommended,235600,10805197,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"Nux, The Shiniest Warboy!","I'd like to be able to recommend this game, although I can't even load the second mission, Insurgent Stronghold.I've had a check online and others have had problems loading missions lately too.THe Multiplayer PVP is great fun, but sadly that's all I can play.."
,Recommended,235600,10768578,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,nEeChAn,get it now... just yes
76561198061110440,Recommended,235600,10768666,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,EASTER BUNNY,How can this game be cheaper than modern warfare 2???
,Recommended,235600,10770040,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vynn,"Gameplay is awesome, by far the best in the series.The aesthetic makeover for Fisher and Grim are unexpected, but visually more appealing.However, choosing to ditch Michael Ironside as the voice actor for Sam? Unacceptable."
,Recommended,235600,10770199,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FLAN,FUN
76561197971535809,Recommended,235600,10770511,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Fonch81,Brilliant game
,Recommended,235600,10767474,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,nothing will be forgotten,a great game at $9.99 why not?but its require Uplay to play(U).
,Recommended,235600,9215001,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,❀ Serris ❀,Epic game that is a perfect addition to the Splinter Cell series. It contains a lot of content from earlier games with mostly Conviction's gameplay in it. The Non-lethal and Lethal option was a great touch along with the multiplayer (Although I hope they add more fair matchmaking XD). It is a prefect buy for anyone willing to buy a good stealth action game or just a casual gamer.
76561197979544414,Recommended,235600,9219656,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,BADDAWG-OHIO,WOW I BOUGHT THIS GAME A WEEK AGO AND NOW THEY DROPPED THE PRICE $45.00 WTF.... SPEND HARD EARNED MONEY AND  NOW  OUT $45.00
,Recommended,235600,9283845,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ashhieeee,"Finally i have Splinter Cell, i love the game !"
76561197983589172,Not Recommended,235600,9254015,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,SkyNet,"I am a huge splinter cell fan. Played all of them since the original on the Xbox. I must say though... There hasn't been a good splinter cell game since chaos theory, and I saw they were bringing back spies vs mercs so I had to bite. It seems as though the fruit was forbidden. I am plagued with low FPS and game freezes even on minimum video settings. I play this on a custom built PC, no laptop. From what little I have played this game seems awesome. Until I can play it I will not be endorsing it to anyone."
76561198071554767,Recommended,235600,9319441,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Grock,Nick seen Tom Clancy naked in the shower!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,9321767,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,hexagram87,"One of the best Splinter Cell games to date, really good single player campaign, the co-op missions are good fun alone or with someone online. The spies vs ops online is also enjoyable."
,Recommended,235600,9352677,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tofu',If you enjoyed the first three splinter cell games you're going to be amazed.You can either play in a stealth manner or an aggressive/rushing manner.10/10 would do again
,Recommended,235600,9353507,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TMHLegolas,"Positives: A really great addition to the Splinter Cell series. The single player campaign is engaging and the weapon/gear upgrade system is really top notch. The coop and extra 4th Echelon missions are really awesome. I'd recommend this to anyone that is a fan of the early splinter cell games. I enjoyed it much more than Double Agent or Conviction, it's definitely top notch.Negatives: Uplay has no place int he gaming world. Its inclusion is the only major downside to an otherwise fantastic game."
,Recommended,235600,9359138,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,◢◤ kLA,"Very fun game, similar to Splinter Cell: Conviction game style but more ninja like :)"
76561198085216476,Recommended,235600,9359392,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,HoofHearted?,Boss as game but definitely get DLC Its AMAZING!!
,Recommended,235600,9139547,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Alastaircell,Decent single-player and quality spies vs mercs: Wishlist
76561198088065665,Recommended,235600,9140248,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,JonBwoi,:) grate co-op game..
76561198014592603,Recommended,235600,9142143,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,qhaq,good stealth - nice coop - mediocre multialot longer than last gameside missions really make it worthwhile
,Recommended,235600,9145773,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,space,"Fantastic Game. Really a universal step up from Conviction. Seemlessly combines stealth with action nearly perfectly. Lot's of side missions and bonus content, with new and innovative features to use with Sam Fisher. Co-op is very fun aswell as the multiplayer. The best part about this game however, is it's narrative and story. Absolutely the greatest splinter cell story arch of all time, with twists and turns and very lucrative lore. An absolutely fantastic experience, and I can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,235600,9146672,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sasherz,"Fun game, sadly being a ubisoft game, it could be better.Quite fun sneaking around and being sneaky-stab"
,Recommended,235600,7903788,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Stooge,"Bad♥♥♥♥♥Sam Fisher is back!Splinter Cell: Blacklist takes every good aspect of the Splinter Cell games and improves on it! Like all Tom Clancy games the story is well written and captivating, the arsenal is large and full of great tech gear. Stealth thru the levels taking out people like a ninja or grab a machine gun and give them your best John Rambo impersonation!Great co-op multiplayer and pvp!"
,Recommended,235600,9367624,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,thecakeisalie,"First of all: i do enjoy this game a lot. it is very well done, the story adds up perfectly and seems to be thought through all the way (it's not even THAT predictable), the game mechanics work on a quite intuitive basis and the overall product seems to be of high quality. now in my opinion there are only two things wrong with the game.the minor problem is the controls. it has it's flaws but i can live with that. maybe it would be best to play the game with a gamepad but you'd have to sacrafice some accuracy while aiming. i don't like playing shooters with gamepads and that leads to the second MAJOR problem:i don't see Splinter Cell: Blacklist as a classic splinter cell game. splinter cell is not supposed to be a shooter. it should be about stealth and trying to keep your surroundings untouched. to be clear, it is indeed possible to play the game in this way but there are many situations and many circumstances that prevent this game from feeling like a real Splinter Cell game.in the last few years i noticed a certain ""dumbing down"" of all the games out there and Splinter Cell was unfortunately a victim as well. Remember when there was a meter for visibility and for your level of sound that you produce? Gone. Now all you need is a shadow. Even in brith daylight a shadow will provide enough shelter to make you invisible. Remember when you actually were able to regulate how fast Fisher was moving? You still have that but you can choose between running and sprinting. Even while crouched he ""walks"" way too fast.Those are just two examples of the things thatI THINKare wrong with the game(you can't count the thing with the controls. it could be me being too stupid to be able to use them correctly). I was promised a similar experience to the ""old"" Splinter Cell titels. Well, I was dissapointed in that sense but as I said, I still enjoyed the game. Not because it's a great Splinter Cell game but because it is a great addition to the Splinter Cell series. It feels a little like a reboot to me. FYIthe story is pretty short but awesome :P"
,Recommended,235600,9368481,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Digitaldreamer7,"A good entry to the series.  Great story, great gameplay.  I'd give it 7/10 since it's nothing special, doesn't do anything different."
,Recommended,235600,9369377,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Nechrosys,This game is awesome. Stealth and action all rolled up into one. MP was a little glitchy though. The game is CPU hungry though.
,Recommended,235600,9370104,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Spectre,"Gameplay is nice, it is very similar to Chaos Theory. Main plot is fairly well conceived, although the side missions don't integrate very well. Graphically it leaves something to be desired and sometimes the controls go a little out of whack. My biggest problem is Alt+Tab not fully disengaging the game and merely returning it to windowed mode. Worth purchasing on sale."
76561198026216947,Not Recommended,235600,8941032,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Drkgreenmarine,This game is so bugged it's not even funny.. I have a pretty high end PC and can run BF4 ultra with 60 fps easy.. This game freezes up and I have to restart my PC freequently.  NOT recommended.
76561197982950406,Recommended,235600,8941081,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Vamandrac,"I haven't played a SC game since Chaos Theory, but I found this game very easy to pick up and enjoy.  The missions are fun and the AI and graphics are very well done.  The game allows you to follow your own playstyle for most of the missions so it adds a lot to the gameplay.  Co-op is really fun if you have a friend with a mic who enjoys sneaking around and syncing up take downs.  Overall, if you are a fan of the SC  series then I would suggest you pick up Blacklist and give a try."
,Recommended,235600,9138086,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Heretical Humanoid,BEST STEALTH EVER. GO SUCK IT.
,Recommended,235600,8791079,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ardent321,"If you liked the gameplay mechanics of Splinter Cell: Conviction, then you will probably like this title. There is a lot of upgrading to do in this game: weapons, ops suits and home base. The money for upgrades comes from missions, challenges and finding collectibles. Each mission is scored on the number of accomplishments in three categories: Ghost (non-leathal stealth, highest reward), Panther (leathal stealth) and Assault (run-and-gun, lowest reward). Players are encouraged to stick to one style in order to ""master"" the mission by reaching a certain point total, but the player can use any combination of the three throughout the mission. In my opinion, Assault doesn't fit very well in the context of this franchise, but maybe that's because the playstyle just doesn't appeal to me.If you play games for the storytelling, then you might like this game. The voice acting and dialog are very good in my opinion, but there is a new voice actor for Sam Fisher. I thought he did a great job, but this change will surely put off some people. The story seemed like a typical Tom Clancy story to me, and I enjoyed it.The game world looks very good in my opinion. Paladin reminded me a lot of the Metal Gear Solid aesthetic, which I liked. Unlike most Ubisoft games of late, the menu system doesn't have unnecessarily long transition animations.The only issue that I had with this game is that the ending cinematics did not load for me. The audio and subtitles played, but I was stuck with a blank screen. I watched the ending on YouTube in order to see what I'd missed, because I was too angry to replay the entire last mission just to see if the cinematics would actually play correctly.I enjoyed my time with this title, but I didn't feel the same urge to immediately replay it that I did with Splinter Cell: Conviction."
76561198082595826,Recommended,235600,9045659,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,jackburton8706,"This is an amazing game.  If you played Conviction and enjoyed it, this is better in just about every way possible.  Buy it!"
76561197965651558,Recommended,235600,9033058,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mythary,An enjoyable game. I lost interest in the series around Splinter Cell Conviction but this has rekindled my interest in Splinter Cell. I cannot wait for Valentines Day.
,Recommended,235600,9033101,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Sneunge,The gameplay makes the game: 10/10
76561198060115566,Recommended,235600,9033763,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,bchaillou,the best one yet perfect in every way!
,Recommended,235600,9037105,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BiggNife,"Better than I was expecting! Does a surprisingly good job of combining the stealh of the old Splinter Cells with the action of Conviction, and encourages the player to explore each level to find the route that works best for their playstyle.I just wish they didn't have the 20something hipster hacker sidekick because he is seriously THE WORST"
,Recommended,235600,9037984,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,UrAllJerks,"The multiplayer is great!  The single player is ""ok."""
76561197981539571,Recommended,235600,9039998,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,|M|GHOST|Inc,I am loving the gameplay and the thought that went into this game.
76561197999131448,Recommended,235600,9025112,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,JungleMouse,Fantastic Game.
,Recommended,235600,9026442,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sabathius,"I've been playing Splinter Cell since the beginning, so I'm a vet. It takes a lot in a Splinter Cell game to make me really love it...but Splinter Cell Blacklist has done just that.Blacklist's single player campaign is amazingly imaginative, the characters are brilliantly acted, the weapons and gadgets are well balanced and a joy to use. In all, this game is just about as fun and enjoyable as I could have hoped for. In fact, several times I found myself overjoyed at the pure genius of the developers. How about a mission where you have to sneak in and then sneak back out of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba? Yes, please! Actually, no thank you. The reality of that map is quite horrendous, and so well researched, you want to get the hell out as quickly as you arrive.Chaos Theory used to be my favorite Splinter Cell flavor, but now there's a new king of the hill. If you like stealth games in any shape or fashion, please do yourself a favor and purchase Splinter Cell Blacklist IMMEDIATELY!"
,Recommended,235600,9030983,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Fira,"Really fun game, challenging enough to keep you interesting, and with multiple playing styles available, it should keep you coming back.That being said, It's a uplay game. That means that your steam friends won't be in your friends list. Have not managed to play an online game yet. This is a shame."
,Recommended,235600,9048368,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Logan,"A combination of the fast paced Splinter Cell gameplay of Conviction, and the traditional gameplay of the first three games in the series. Fantastic game with a very fun single player, and great co-op modes."
76561197970329460,Recommended,235600,9049881,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,"A much better Splinter Cell game than conviction, which returns the series to the stealth side of the table while still retaining the mark and execute and more violent features of other recent titles in series. The story is so so and the graphics are visibly aging.This game is running on an extremely updated version of UE 2.5 and while the lighting and level design can often be impressive characters can look like wax dummies and the game as a whole looks a little dated. The voice acting is solid and while the new Sam does a decent job he is no Michael Ironside (may not be an issue if you are not a series fan).Nevertheless the gameplay is solid from start to finish in all three phases (SP,MP and Co-op). Levels feel varied and open, although more open environments are always welcome. A few small escort sections aside the game rarely holds your hand and this is a welcome change from other more action oriented games.Whether you choose to tackle Blacklist as a stealth game, an action game or something in between you will almost certainly have fun with it. Play it with the lights down and the speakers up...few other games make you feel like such a bad♥♥♥♥♥8.5/10"
,Recommended,235600,1988150,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Sdoots,"The best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory. All the stealth of CT, with the fluidity of Conviction. It manages to cater to multiple playstyles without sacrificing any of them, and the new voices are actually kind of alright. It's no Micheal Ironside, but it works.Spies VS Mercs is as great as it ever was, and Splinter Cell Co-op is one of a kind. This is a really, really good game."
76561198008893174,Recommended,235600,9050448,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mr.X,A fantastic stealth/action/shooter game of  its type a fantastic storiline amazing choice of gadgetary and for new comers to splinter cell saga be prepared to restart from checkpoint this game can be rather tricky at times and other times use the stealth option as a recommendation i would also recomend splinter cell conviction
76561198005261688,Recommended,235600,9050787,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,S17-InSaNiaC,"Amazing game, and i really loved the single player. I got a good bit of time out of the single player. It was worth the 23 bucks i spent for the weekend deal. I have not tried multiplayer yet, but i am looking forward to playing that too."
,Recommended,235600,9055381,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,maloo2109,"sometimes annoying when timing is essential and Fisher simply ""sticks"" to the wrong side of cover :) But all in all a great and very versatile game!"
,Recommended,235600,9375798,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,RoyalxBlue,simply awesome
,Recommended,235600,9382126,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Noxstant,"Graphics: 7/10 (nothing really noticeable, so it's passable)Audio: 9/10 (brings back a classic Splinter Cell vibe)Gameplay: 9/10(Aside from a few awkward movements, the gameplay is a blast. It fuses together the combat oriented style of Conviction but emphasizes a respectable Chaos Theory approach to stealth)Plot: 2/10(Absolute generic trash. Whoever wrote this script should be ashamed. Not only is there every beaten down terrorist trope ever used, there's also little continuity from the past stories whatsoever. Sam's past or family is still a part of Sam's character, but barely makes any mentioning in the game)Characters: 2/10 (Sam isn't himself, and not that I blame the new voice actor, but he just seems apathetic and distant. Briggs is remarkably bland, Charlie is a character we've all seen twelve million times, and Grim is boring. )Co-op/Spies v Mercs: 8/10 (Solid fun can be had with the co-op experience, and the spies vs mercs is a decent recreation of the original. Not as good, but pretty respectable)Verdict: It has a ton of flaws and shortcomings, but it still does a decent job of reviving a classic Splinter Cell feeling if only in the form of gameplay. Still better than Double Agent.Overall: 7.75/10"
76561198102466883,Recommended,235600,9000062,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Wombat,Besides the absence of Ironside this is the best SC since Chaos Theory. A loveletter to the series and the stealth genre. 9/10
,Recommended,235600,9001378,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Favorite Hobo™,"Rating: Single Player does have replayabtility such as collecctables and harder difficulties or self challanges such as doing a mission without ever being spotted, Spies vs Mercs I can't comment on but from what I've heard it's hard to get into now that a lot of people have unlocked all the fancy equipment, but CO-OP missions do add a few more hours of gameplay.Number Rating: 8/10Splinter Cell Blacklist trys to find a compromise for fans of games such as Chaos Theory, and the fans of Conviction, it will leave both groups wanting though as obviously it's trying to please two very different groups of people. However, it does do a pretty good job at compromising and although most won't see this as a step forward in the series (and many may see it backwards as Sam Fisher's actor is replaced) it is the combination of all the awesome things we've gotten from previous Splinter Cell games, making it arguable the polished jewel of the franchise.Graphics/PC port- Let's just get this out of the way, you will be pleased to know this PC Ubisoft game is very well optimized and should run well on rigs that at least meet the minimum requirment (unlike some Ubisoft games like AC4), however don't expect to be blown away by visuals, if you are on Nvidia you do get a treat as tessellation and TXAA are present in the game, however the faces in the game still aren't the best (Briggs is probably the worst of the bunch) However TXAA is a very welcome edition, I rarely noticed jaggies, even when close up to laser beams. The lighting in the game is also fantastic, the green (or whatever color you choose) glows from Sam creating a very cinematic feeling. And shadows are very nice looking and in some situations where you can't tell who the enemy is behind a corner, a simple flashlight shining on them can present a shadow clearly showing if they are wearing a helmet, armor, or if they're even a human. However there are several rough edges to the engine as well, the water in the game is a complete joke frankly compared to say BF4 or even Ubisoft's AC4 and explosion effects aren't very impressive, but if you play the game like a normal Splinter cell person you hopefully won't be seeing too many explosions and mostly gas and smoke, which both have some awesome particle effects. All in all, it's not the best looking in the bunch, but it's better looking than say CoD and most other modern day shooters.Sound- The game sorta falls flat here, first of all there really aren't that many weapons anyways and the sound is all over the place. The game tries to use the sound of footsteps and talking to help find enemies but just fails. Some of the strange sounds include: I was chasing a guy clearly in front of me but when he began walking on pipes the footsteps came from the left not in front of me, I was stalking two guys talking in front of me outside, yet their voices seemed to be coming from the left. This normally wouldn't be a big issue if it wasn't a stealth game that is normally about avoiding enemies or hunting them, but this game is just about that. And the soundtrack really only has one song that will stick with you which is the menu theme. This is really the only area of the game I felt was rather lack luster.Gameplay- Ok so this is the reason you're playing a Splinter Cell game of course. For those of you using M&K you are just fine, I was able to beat the entire game with the keyboard and the only issues you may run into is the cover system is a little odd at first, and some moments where you have to be really precise on climbing can screw you up, but nothing you can't get over. You have 3 options in a mission, the ghost way (Where you avoid enemies and try to use only stealth knockouts) Panther way (Similar to ghost except instead of avoiding you kill as many enemies as you can silently) or Assault Way (Guns and explosions baby) now you can be like me where your style adapts to the mission or you can try to set a personal challange to leave no man alive, or leave all of them alive it's up to you. This is pretty much where the compromise comes in, Conviction fans will probably prefer the Panther/Assault style and Chaos theory fans will probably prefer Ghost with a little Panther. There is gear that caters to both sides so it's not like you're being screwed over on cool gadgets for choosing a certain style, in my opinion they did this style great and I think all future Splinter Cell games, and even most stealth games, should follow a similar way of doing things, giving the player several ways to approach a situation however they like. The only areas of the game that I thought was a little out of place is there are 2 (SHORT) areas where you have to go in a first person perspective, which just felt rather out of place, and does sorta force you into more of an assault style, but as I said it's a very minor area of the game. I like to think of it as a taste of SpiesvsMercs. The rest of the game's gameplay is similar to Convictions 3rd person action and also includes the awesome presentation of objectives and missions, the only time you will enter an actual game menu is for your loadout which is really cool, objectives are presented in the world itself (seriosuly, why aren't all games doing this, it's AWESOME!) and you access missions and muliplayer via a computer table like thing (I can't remember the name sadly). The games gameplay is great and very fluid with rarely, if ever any dull moments, as even in silence there is always fear.Story- I won't spoil the story but is picks up after Conviction, a terriost organization is attacking America until the USA take out their troops from other countries, and... normal modern military stuff... you have to stop it. The story actaully isn't that bad, and keeps you on your toes and invested in more than just gameplay, but it's not like there are really any SHOCKING momments or anything, it's mostly just there to explain why you're doing all this cool stuff. The only real complaint I have about it is that the ending just kinda...happens... and it just ends on, to me, an anticlimactic note.The solo missions will last you around 8-10 hours I would assume, maybe a bit longer.In the end, the game is fun and that's all that really matters, it provides an experience that is fun while it lasts and doesn't make you feel like you just wasted a bunch of time. $60 is a little steep in my opinion, but if it drops below $40 I would consider picking it up if you're a fan of Splinter Cell games and even if you aren't. Good game!"
76561197970340803,Not Recommended,235600,9002052,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sevus,"Requires UPlay to play, which is beyond stupid. Tried to set up an account, the UPlay account creation process allows you to use an email address that the login page will then decide is invalid. At that point I have other games to play and stopped wasting my time, would return the game if I could."
,Recommended,235600,9008946,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,xant0,"Awwsome game, realy lovely singleplayer and the CO-OP is probly the best co-op i ever played.Yea its worth the money 110%"
76561198012111867,Recommended,235600,9009014,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Lummers,Fantastic!
,Recommended,235600,9009690,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,XW0LV3R1N3,buy it
76561197982701264,Recommended,235600,9010748,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Marido,quem gosta da série tem que jogar isso
76561198060646012,Not Recommended,235600,9012428,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,D. Campbell,This game was fine on the console but this is so glitchy i have run into atleast 25 glitches and i have been playing for maybe 2 hours. This is a example of a great console game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port to pc. Still is fun but realy gltichy
,Not Recommended,235600,9013209,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Bardock Obama,Definitely not worth $60.00
76561197978522703,Not Recommended,235600,9013978,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Groph,"This game is terrible. Please don't buy it. All I wanted to do is have a little bit of multi-player fun, but Ubisoft can't seem to find a way to make that happen."
76561198042997797,Recommended,235600,9014466,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Smaug,"The game is pretty good, worth the price i paid. Still lacks the awesomness of chaos theory"
,Recommended,235600,9020874,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Oshae,Been playing SC since game 1. This is the best one to date and a true homage to the original!
,Recommended,235600,273397,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Luceos,"Very interesting game. If you enjoyed previous splinter cell's, this one is absolutely recommended. Aside to the optional multiplayer and coop modes, you have a lot of freedom on how to progress on your mission map as well as in-game. The game calculates your style of play: from completely stealthy and non-lethal, stealthy and lethal to full combat style.Multiplayer is interesting as well, not all play modes are immediately public. Thus preventing noobs to join games where experience is required."
,Recommended,235600,10907369,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Loop Goose,"Excellent gameplay, lots of weapons to choose from, interesting levels, with a huge range of diversity,plus loads of customisations both for Sam and the plane.I really enjoy the new layout, it makes it feel a bit like the Mass Effect series, where you have things to do on the plane, as well as being in control of which missions you want to do first, and which to keep to a later time.I also like the fact that you can replay levels, to aim for a better score, and to compete with your friends scores.The Ghost / Panther / Assault is also an interesting idea, and definitely a positive evolutionary move for this franchise.If you enjoyed Splinter Cell: Conviction, this one really builds onto the features found in that game.Can't wait for the next one."
,Recommended,235600,10907887,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"If you have played other splinter cell games, then you know what you are getting in to.  You have the same mission designs as the previous games.  The only big difference is the graphics, which are quite good.  I never got the multi-player co-op stuff to work.  I tried several times, but UBI's match making system never found a co-op partner.  Perhaps the that part of the game scene is dead or UBI's servers just suck.I need to remember, the next time I buy a splinter cell game, that I am getting tired of thier basic forumula.  Also I am tried of the crappy game design as you get closer to the end.  To me, this kind of game is supposed to be a stealth shooter.  Tward the end, it seems to want to be a normal shooter where the non-leathal / stealth approch do not work.  For example there are ""armored"" dudes which for some reason are immune to stun mines / arrows as well as poison gas.  You have to get into a fire fight if you can't avoid them which pretty much voids the stealth aspect.  Often, toward the end, you have rooms full of these guys to cross.  The only way to deal with them, I found, is to find a defensive spot, like an air vent, and just pick them off one by one.Anyway, this is a good game despite being somewhat formulaic."
76561197970997106,Not Recommended,235600,10917072,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ocelitus,"uPlay is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. It is 2014 and I shouldn't have to search Google for whiy a game isn't working, only to find out I have to modify my firewall and forward ports to play a game with a friend. I don't even get an error message or a reason for not connecting to them, or them not connecting to me. Forwarding a port requires me to contact my ISP and I have no problems with any other games. Any time I Alt+Tab the game changes itself to Windowed Mode with a ♥♥♥♥ed resolution of 164x926.As far as the solo campaign, its ok. Enemies don't seem to be programed to care that I'm shooting a shotgun in the next room, but its entertaining. Too bad I didn't buy two copies of a Spinter Cell game for the single player game."
76561198032653096,Recommended,235600,10918206,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gilless429,"This review will only concern the Single Player. I think it's a bit hard to review the multiplayer as it much more depends on the gamer what experience will be had, than with the Single Player.This game is, as far as I'm concerned, a very typical Ubisoft title. By that I mean that it's enjoyable, fun, addictive for some but has an unfinished feel at times and it is polluted by the irremediable stain of Uplay. That last part isn't about MP, for those thinking that. Uplay is made such that even SP in Ubi titles will be affected.The main campaign is some fun, and the side missions are engaging and fun to try different ways to go about, especially since there are different types of them :- Briggs' missions are missions much like story ones but accessible only in coop.- Charlie's missions are waves missions, in which you need to face, or not if sneaky (whether lethally or not is your choice) an onslaught of ennemies, then another, bigger one, and again, etc...- Kobin's missions are basically clean-up missions, in which you must take down, again lethally or not, all ennemies in the levels.- Grim's missions are all stealth missions, wherein you mustn't ever be spotted (if an ennemy sees you and you take them out quickly that's okay), accomplish certain objectives (bug this, search that).I found these missions enjoyable personally, especially the Kobin and Charlie ones as they are playable without a coop partner (although every side mission can be played with a partner) and I've never liked the Players VS AI kind of thing, and because one can choose their approach, which is much harder with the Grim missions, as fully Ghosting (no takedowns or alarms) is much, much better for ease of execution, and for realism (as the point is to not leave a trace, you can't let the alarm be rung, but somehow leaving a slaughterhouse behind is alright).The story missions themselves are also enjoyable at first as you discover them, but the replayability is minor I found. Yes, one can decide to kill ennemies or not, avoid them entirely, etc., but it still quickly all feels the same. Whether taking out ennemies lethally or not, one feels the same, as the kills don't have much of anything to them, it's just press a button, quick knife swipe, and presto he's dead (I might be exaggerating a bit, but not much). The only satisfying kills I've found are the corner takedowns, which are more detailed, take more time, are much more visceral, etc... Overall the general ease one will have killing dozens of ennemies quietly makes the whole thing sort of fall flat. Even in Perfectionnist difficulty, if adopting the Panther approach (stealth but killing everyone) the competent gamer will not find much trouble aside from an occasional scene or two in which ennemies are necessarily alert already. In ghost approach there is SOME challenge if avoiding ALL ennemies, but if non-lethal takedowns are allowed, it's a breeze really. And the assault approach is overly easy in Easy and Normal difficulty, and pretty much impossible to commit to in Realistic and Perfectionnist difficulty. If you don't believe me, two words : dogs, drones. Read a bit further for an explanation.That touches on a big problem of the Single Player for me : it's just so easy it's a bit boring.I played the living daylights out of SC : Conviction when it came out, as I rather liked it despite a few glaring flaws. So I was already pretty skilled at the type of gameplay that, in spite of some tweaks, SC : Blacklist offers. In fact I found it easier, as this time I had shadows to hide in much more often, Sam could move faster while crouched, and the Mark and Execute feature could now be used on the move. As such, one with some experience (over 8 hours should be sufficient I would say) in the previous instalment of the franchise, or with good learning skills which a lot of people who play different kinds of games often will have, one such person will have some moderate amount of challenge in Perfectionist (which disables Mark and Execute and the ability of googles to see past walls), an easy time on Realistic, and anything below will be an absolute walk in the park. And that's on the first playthrough. Once you have learned the layouts of the levels, and the paths of the various ennemies, it's a whole other story.The only difficulty I have found personally is with dogs and drones. Dogs are artificially made annoying, as they can catch Sam's arm and keep him in place. I say artificially because I can't see how that would work much against a highly trained man with a pistol or other in one hand, and a knife readily available to the other. Real attack dogs drag their target down to the ground immediately or very quickly, because if said target has any skill, wit, and weaponry, the situation in which Sam finds himself when grabbed by a dog, while perhaps painful, would be extremely easy to get out of. Just plant your feet so it doesn't throw you down, get your knife, and it's stabbing time. Or just shoot the mutt if it got your other arm. The drones are annoying, not in and of themselves, as although they can explode, they take a second, so running away after it started to do so allows one to avoid almost entirely damage from them most of the time. No, the problem is when they're combined with dogs. The mutt holds you in place stupidly, as described above, and then the drone catches up, and blows you and the dog skyhigh.That is the only real difficulty I've had. Even the heavily armored ennemies are relatively easy to take out after a few tangles with them. As such, the only real difficulty I've ever had, was because of artifically created, contrived abilities given to the dogs. That isn't how a game should be hard. A game like this one should be hard because ennemies are smart, perceptive, communicate with each other, and because your character isn't all powerful. The dogs grabbing you as they do is ridiculous from the perspective of Sam's supposed near-godliness in all things combat (the man can take out, if controlled by the right player, 50 trained soldiers without taking a bit of damage, for the love of shizzle) and from a gameplay perspective because it's an artificial way of making the game harder.Still, if one can go past that, there is some enjoyment to be found there. On the other hand, I can only recommand playing the side missions with a partner if one KNOWS said partner. Playing with a friend, even if just a Uplay friend you've only added at some point, and not necessarily someone you talk to regularly, is necessary BECAUSE of the various playstyles available. Nothing more annoying than being camped out in full sneaking gear, and getting into a coop match with a guy who runs in and shotguns everything to the face. Not only is it sometimes just not your style, but the lack of nearly any armor buffs on your suit doesn't help the barrage of bullets coming your way.Also, a very problematic thing for a stealth game : the detection is crappy at best. Not whether someone sees you or not, that's done well enough, but when using a gadget is the problem. When I shoot an unsilenced weapon, although maybe if no one can see me from where they are they should just be wondering what's going on, I can see how people would come running to my location. But if I throw a fragmentation grenade somewhere, it blows up, and no one was next to me to see me throw it, I was undetected before, etc., then normally people should go to the explosion spot, and then start looking around to find me right ? Nope. Apparently they can immediately sniff out where the explosive came from, and know where I am. Even worse : there's a flying drone you can use in this. If you use it and get the drone detected, even without exploding it (which can be done with an upgrade), then disconnect from it, the enemies will know where you are, no matter how far you flew with the thing. How does that work ? Ask Ubisoft, I don't know."
,Recommended,235600,10918721,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Optimus Sublime,Surprisingly good. If you liked Conviction then you'll like this. Its like a cross between Conviction and the original.
,Recommended,235600,10919151,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Daarkcide,"If you're a splintercell fan this game is a must. I thought conviction was badass, this game opens up a whole new angry Sam Fisher lol. Multiplayer is fun but you have to get used to Spies Vs Mercs, because some of these people are just mean :D"
,Recommended,235600,10920881,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jjin717,Good game love the mechanics* multi-player is not so fun..
,Recommended,235600,10914477,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,e16997c6c757fbd367b630f32d5481ef,Second best Splinter Cell game
,Recommended,235600,11447093,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,235600,11448258,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Idiocynical,"I don't know if Blacklist is true enough to the series' roots to appeal to purists, but as someone that loved Pandora tommorrow I enjoyed blacklist. I have my issues with certain parts of the single player campaign, but it more than makes up for it with some good side missions, Also I hear  the multiplayer's good."
,Recommended,235600,11458711,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Darkest99,"I would recommend this game to all people who like stealth games...and action. Lots of action. I went into this game knowing and playing a very very small amount of stealth games. Now, after beating the game, I have grown to be a lot better. Try it out and worth the money"
,Recommended,235600,11468865,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Nube Tube like its 2011,"This game is amazing. Recommended for casual and competetive gamers alike. The great challenge it provides will cause you to repeat multiple parts, yet make you love it with its satisfaction. The rush it gives the player to play a spy and stay stealthy will cause you to poop your pants with anxiety of being caught or the awesomeness of your play style. All play styles have a unique twist to the game, and the weapon selections are cool. My favorite part is the fact that you can take so many approaches to going through the levels. So many different paths and play styles you can take in order to progress.The only field this game lacks in is the low amount of main story missions you can do. The story seems short and kind of repeatitive. The only thing that makes this game last long is the amount of times you have to play a certain part due to difficulty. Also, for me, the first person parts with Briggs are kind of stupid and not fun, but thats just me.All in all, this game is fun and entertaining as hell! I recommend it one hundred percent unless the lack of a better story is a turn off for you."
76561198012124077,Recommended,235600,11474566,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,jahwill,"A combination of good storyline, graphics engine, and well crafted level design make this highly recommended.  Blacklist incorporates lots of customization in regards to gear loadout.  The gear loadout itself is impressive with a variety of gadgets and weapons.  The level design is well crafted and allows you to choose how you will achieve your objectives; stealth or all out assault.  Multiplayer is well designed with the option to play spies vs mercs or coop missions.   Yes I recommend it!"
,Recommended,235600,11303472,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Fix,"Action and Stealth. Single player has good dialogue, voice acting, familiar characters and the storyline is the usual gritty Tom Clancy 24 / Homeland / USA saves the World type, coupled with intense mission briefings where everyone is eyeballing each other its really entertaining.Stays true to its Splinter Cell roots with all the same familiar tools and a few extras, more imaginative ways snap unsuspecting AI necks or slice them open, knock 'em to sleep or explode stick cams under their feet - whatever your prerogative. Single player ticks all my Sam Fisher boxes, I can happily play through this again and again.Biggest let down for single player;The menu; which is basically the plane you spend a lot of time on discussing the slicing open of necks and other matters of national security. Note to Dev Team; Just make a game menu next time, you don't need to do anything fancy like this!Multiplayer as with most games, shines through best when played with friends. Playing with randoms... ehh not so much, bit of a frustration fest due to the reliance of coordination of spies and that its quite easy to guard alone against a team of spies that are not coordinated.There are some really nice but limited options in the 4v4 Spies V Mercs multiplayer and even a classic 2v2 mode that makes the game like Chaos Theory or Pandora.Biggest let downs of Multiplayer are;No 4v4 classic modeLack of mapsLack of options (in relation to gadgets)All in all though, highly recommended."
,Recommended,235600,11308453,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Heitor FAS,"For those who like a stealth game. This is it.Splinter Cell simply knows how to make a great stealth game.I played a lot of hours, but I'm still not tired of this game.Not only the single campaign is immersive, but it also has side/co-op missions.And I'm not even going to talk about the spies vs. mercs mode.5 star game / must have"
,Recommended,235600,11308863,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,MrMunchiess @rAge,"Fantastic game. The stealth is great, the combat is very well done and the story is awesome. It plays very well on PC. I with out a doubt recomend this game especially if you enjoyed previous Splinter Cell games. In my opinion, its probably the best one."
76561197977258463,Recommended,235600,11326233,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,polomansr,"I was really surprised by this one and had a good time playing it.Just don't pay more than $15 bucks for it, the good times end quickly."
76561197969302422,Recommended,235600,8461732,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,davetiger,"The game is great if you don't ever wanna play with your friends... it's like an act of god to get a friend to connect, even after you get all ports forwarded and get a good day of play in ... the very next day you can't connect to them again... you can play with random people, idiots that love to run into lasers just for the fun of it, but YOU CAN'T play with your friends consistantlyso I recommend if you like to play with friends play anything but this.. I have sent in help from uplay and all I get is the same bull everytime ... forward these ports well not only are they already forwarded I turned off windows firewall completely and direct connected my computer to my modem to remove the router from the equation ... STILL DOESN'T work... all in all the technical problems with this game makes me say don't even bother.. 4 major patches later this issue hasn't even been addressed they just as usual blame the user and yet every single other game (take a look I own a lot) can be played with friends without issue include dead island and dead island riptide... amazing how I have no problems playing with friends on any game but this one and it's somehow my fault? I think not ... stay away from this gameedit: love this game and now that I finally figured out how to multiplay without fail it's been awesome.. you have to do the invite from the uplay overlay shift+f2 and invite and the other person accept from there and it works just fine"
76561198043508914,Recommended,235600,11398752,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Man and Knife,"I played it on the Xbox 360 and it is a terrific game. I now am playing it on PC using an Xbox One Controller and it is like a Next Gen Splinter Cell game, the Campaign is awesome as well as coop. The game shines with Multiplayer though, Spies vs Mercs is one of the greatest online game modes of all time dating back for me to Pandora Tomorrow. This is the best stealth game out there and it really makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ I play usuing a controller as it feels perfect."
,Recommended,235600,11513532,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Benson,"This is an AWESOME game, I'm not a big fan of Third person mode games but Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell ALWAYS NEVER lets me down. Nice quite large Customization, co-op, missions = Endless amount of fun."
,Recommended,235600,9072723,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,KROW,"Very fun and interesting game, i'd have to say it's one of the best one that came out so far!"
,Recommended,235600,9105678,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[BB] Toddi,"Probably one of the best in the Splinter Cell franchise. It takes the best parts from each and creates an original feel. If you want to remain a ghost in the field, or go on guns-blazing, there options are there. The character customisation is in great detail, from guns, to attire, to the spec of your goggles.I would definetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,235600,9124821,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,--=]Glitch[=--,"The only bad thing I can say about this game, is the fact that a few cutscenes are locked at 30 frames per second. Other than that, I have nothing bad to say about this game. It's lenghty, it's well executed, it looks great, the sound design is great, and if you're looking for a good stealth/combat hybrid game, look no further.This is probably my personal GOTY 2013."
,Recommended,235600,9127065,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,phinnaeus,"A vast improvement from Conviction. This brings back the Chaos Theory feel in full force. The level design is fantastic. If you're the type that loved going through CT missions on hardest difficulty without killing, knocking out, or even disturbing anyone, you'll like this, too."
76561198076001560,Recommended,235600,9113903,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bepis,"This game is great for playing with friends. Although the multiplayer can be frustrating the co-op is AMAZING! Only regret for this game is the multiplayer which is glitchy when you are hiding behind a wall and a persn goes up to you and knifes you when you shouldve gotten the kill. Singleplayer is very well made, fun, but sometimes can be difficult. Great game overall i would give it a 8.5-10."
76561198124082120,Recommended,235600,9121005,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,brookheyd,this is one of the best games i have ever played. if you are looking for an amazing stelf game this is definintly the game for you.
76561198045716972,Recommended,235600,9122169,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Yuri,"Personally I did enjoy playing the game, but it is not like some of the earlier games. The stealth elements are kinda bad and enemies can still see you in the shadows. The execution mechanic is usefull since there are the wonkie stealth mechanics, but make sthe game too easy. I would rate it a 6/10 just because it was better than the last game, but not better than Chaos Theory. There are mechanics that take away from the difficulty that was Splinter Cell just to attract new audiences of players. I have played every Splinter Cell game there is, so I am basing off how the series is going with the changes.FYI I would wait for the game to go on sale for either $40 or less."
,Recommended,235600,8853089,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Spudd,"It's a lot of fun. You shoot mans, you play Barbie with Sam. If it goes on sale like in the Christmas sale again pick it up but pick it up with a mate so you can do fun co-op action."
76561198037091926,Recommended,235600,8866661,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jackdowniels,"This is an absolutely incredible game, probably the best stealth game I have ever played!  It takes every element that was good about splinter cell convicion and makes it better, along with adding new elements like sniper rifles and a strong scoring system. It also enables the player much more freedom as to how they go about completing the missions. And just to top it all off has a brilliant, highly engaging campeign.R.I.P. Tom Clancy"
,Recommended,235600,8871552,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sgt Rob,"Single Player Splinter Cell hasn't been this good since Chaos Theory. You are now able to ghost through every single mission if you'd like, the game does not force you to kill people. Case-in-point is the fact that I have never used the Mark and Execute ability which automatically takes down foes for you as long as you've marked them and have line of sight.The Spies vs Mercs mode is also excellent, but not without it's own set of new problems. This mode has been sped up and also  increased the body count to 4v4. Spies for some reason can also use guns, which really throws you off when you're just starting to play and a spy kills a merc with a gun, but the mode can still be incredibly fun with friends.During both single and multiplayer there are numerous bugs and glitches you'll come across, but thankfully they're never game breaking and most of them are quite entertaining."
76561197992307298,Recommended,235600,8737632,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,}}PYЯO{{ ShinyShoe,"It's been a while since I've played a Splinter Cell game so I can't really trace the game's evolution. The game has undergone some changes in an effort to make the gameplay a bit faster and it's worked.The game's fun, takedowns are satisfying, guns are not in short supply. The game enables you to tailor your play style with a rather generous selection of gadgets and guns, even the goggles are upgradable. The AI is pretty well done and is challenging on higher difficulties. Slopiness will be punished on hard mode.The story isn't too bad, it does a fairly decent job of engaging the player but it's pretty typical for a Tom Clancy game. In summary, Splinter Cell Blacklist is a faster paced game than some of the original instalments but it retains the need for a tactical playstyle. Good game."
,Recommended,235600,8917671,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,param_12,Great gameplay and good story
,Recommended,235600,8921303,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Johnfatboy,"friggen awesome, graphics and gameplay so far in intense and challenging"
,Not Recommended,235600,21324244,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Pizza aux narines,"Good game. Fun coops, and most of all, asymmetric multiplayer is a great concept and plays great with friends.......IF YOU'RE EVER ABLE TO JOIN THEM IN A LOBBY.Joining your friends is a lot like lottery, except there's never anything to really win, besides frustration, exacerbated by the very pretentious semi-removal of all standard key bindings like Alt+F4 (or Alt+Tab, which almost works after 4 tries, or Alt+Enter during intro, because the game still decides to launch windowed) that would help you quit the game and launch again, in the vague hope that you might, maybe, get that lucky launch where the random port chosen by the game feels in a good mood and lets you join the others. Maybe.It's not a permanent problem. It's a random problem. You can join three of your friends together, and then the fourth one, nobody knows why, and it's never the same person, will not be able to.The user interface is also particularly annoying : you cannot quit an online game. When you want to do anything, you have to get back inside your plane (???), look at the main character appear from the side of the screen (??) and bendover sexily (????) on a map, THEN you can choose an action. If you press escape, it stops the animation (??????), so you can truly enjoy the quality of the animation for 'slowly bending over a table' being rendered. Add the aforementioned removal of all useful windows-standard-for-decades key bindings in that case, and you end up suicidal.Good game, slowly ruined by its interface. I recommend it but maybe not on a daily basis.EDIT : So much annoyance I now do not recommend it. Enjoy the single player on one of the previous games."
76561198062531410,Not Recommended,235600,21598298,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,bigmancini,This is such fuc#¤ng♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Bought this to play with friends in COOP...  surprise surprise Uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥network can't connect to friends... even when I see them online. Ubisoft... get with the times and scrap that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay for good. Use Steam instead.
76561198032806903,Recommended,235600,22422200,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,rattzz,10/10 best game ever made
76561198150292521,Not Recommended,235600,13836695,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gray Fox,"This game may ruin my life.|That small sentence was the old review. Now? This game is horrible. I'm mostly going to talk about FPS problems I experienced, not the now crap multiplayer. Actually, i'm going to order it properly, Pro/Con way.Pros:+ Good Stealth Gameplay+ Perfectionist Difficulty Removes Execution Bar+ Good Co-Op Missions to Do+ Heavy Suit VariationCons:- Atrocious FPS- Multiplayer is Full of Campers, Hackers, and More- Uplay- Generic Story- Most Co-op Players Are Either Better Off Playing Solo, or they're Skrubs- DLC to get The Nostalgic Splinter Cell Outfit/Armor- Before You Even Beat the Story, You Can Get the Most OP Stealth and Assault Items In the Game (Revenant Armor, Which You Get From Beating Griggs Co-op Missions.)- Co-op Players Being Way Too Salty When You Make a Simple Mistake- First-Person Sections in The Game When You Play as Griggs- When You Go To Multiplayer, You'll Get Massacred No Matter How Good You Are, Because Hackers Exist----------------------------------------------------I think i've made my point. I'm going to go now."
76561198171066069,Recommended,235600,22206746,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DoctorFengall,"Huge fan of the splinter cell series since the first one. good return to their roots after the last game but Ubisoft needs to fix online co op, a friend and i played fine together last night and this afternoon we cant even get into the same lobby. really looking forward to being able to play with my friends."
,Recommended,235600,4803710,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,coffee,"Good storyline - 9/10If you want to play Multiplayer, I highly recommend you play with friends. Some people you encounter playing random games don't have the brightest ideas."
76561198152491649,Recommended,235600,22197976,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,xoxyl,"Great game. Honestly, throughout what I've played so far, there is nothing bad about it. I would recommend getting this game. My favoutite third person shooter."
76561198061976179,Recommended,235600,6243084,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Liam,"Fun gameplay, good campaign (bit short), multiplayer isnt great on pc. 8/10"
76561198089593851,Recommended,235600,22516064,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sub-0NT,"Quite descent SC game, thou no Michael Ironside's voice for Sam Fisher anymore, which was/is a shame really but is playable overall, get it on sale thou >:P"
76561198315969807,Recommended,235600,30719545,Posted: 24 March,all,eliashayes45,great game.....
,Recommended,235600,21478025,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pepe el Froge,"Splinter cell: Blacklist is the sixth installment in the Splinter cell franchise, and is damn good.The stealth is fun, online and co-op is rewarding and you can do an action play style as well,Very replayable, and amazing.Im a big fan of both this game and the franchise9/10 with minor issues this game really does shineWorth buying at full price."
76561198138429695,Recommended,235600,21856479,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,W35,"To me, Tom Clancy's Slinter Cell Blacklist was a great game. Splinter Cell Blacklist is a third-person stealth-based shooter. Through the use of a variety of weapons - ranging from assault rifles to sniper rifles to an electrifying bolts shooting crossbow -  you usually have to infiltrate a building, capture a target, or kill one. When playing on the hardest difficulty it really is a challenge to remain undected, as shooting your way through the game will become very, very difficult. Like a large variety of modable weapons, there is also a large numbers of gadgets to aid you, for example a recon drone, sleeping gas, or - if you're more of an assault style player - proximity mines and breaching charges. Next to the singleplayer campaign there are also some co-op missions (2 players max.). Some of these can be played singleplayer as well - making them more difficult, of course. I really enjoyed the game, and I recommend it, but be aware of one thing: the singleplayer campaign is short, so you will have finished the game in approximately 15 hours. The storyline is not extremely good, but still okay; the gameplay is great, and that's what I value most. There is also multiplayer, but, unfortunately, there are no people who play that anymore. Finally, the graphics are pretty good, and the game does not require a very strong pc to run it."
76561198020904562,Recommended,235600,21844316,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DaBaX,No airstrikes like they announced at E3 (thank god!!)10/10
76561198071839908,Recommended,235600,21689705,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,vladjones,It is too easy I even didn't killed one enemy. Pacifist for the win.
,Recommended,235600,21695988,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,teh augmenter,"Absolutely the best splinter cell gameplay I've had to date. Unfortunately I am a little upset that they couldn't use the same voice actor for Sam this time around, but the story is solid, making up for it.10/10 would bang."
76561198007771627,Recommended,235600,21742564,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,flashywinger7,"I hadn't played a Splinter Cell game since Chaos Theory, so a lot of things felt fresh off the bat. Overall, it's a great experience that keeps true to Splinter Cell, while simultaneously giving you a chance to be Jason Bourne. It's good for guys like me who have played many stealth games trying to be as hidden as possible to be able to just let loose and feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥if I want to."
76561197969486907,Recommended,235600,21880893,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bucu,"It isn't bad. Some of the game mechanics are not intuitive. That said, I still enjoy the Tom Clancy games."
76561198078843582,Recommended,235600,22056574,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Stripper,if you are looking for a steatlhy game? you should play this. You won't regret buying it.
,Recommended,235600,22097106,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,christophurr,"The best Splinter Cell game so far. The story is a bit like an episode of CSI. However, the game play is amazing. It's like a cross between Rainbow Six and Assassin's Creed. The coop is even better. I've played over 200 hours, and even thought this game is 5 years old, I still pick it up pretty often."
,Recommended,235600,21991880,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jimmy Rustle,I like the voice acting. I enjoyed it most when I tried to be as stealthy as possible as opposed to run and gun. I thought final battle was interesting because its mechanics were at the core of the game.
76561198089386652,Recommended,235600,22167582,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,indian gamer,Nice game
,Recommended,235600,22142535,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Noppapokeri,"People who say CO-OP isn't working, make sure u have opened the right ports and make sure your own ip is correct and try launching as admin, we tried very long with my friend and all he actually did was to open the ports and ran as admin. Works like a charm now."
76561198057772005,Recommended,235600,22032234,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Deimos,"Great stealth game! Had fun, reminded me of my days playing metal gear soild on the gamecube"
76561198021759400,Recommended,235600,22065965,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,aptok,great game... ;)
76561198043456520,Recommended,235600,22801196,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,godfather0708,very challenging and well crafted
,Recommended,235600,7471486,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Dknight,"Plays like a mix between Splinter Cell: Conviction and Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. Thankfully, the story is pretty good and the set up is more akin to Chaos Theory than Conviction. If you're having second thoughts about it because you think it did away with stealth then don't worry, cuz it didn't."
76561198106744117,Recommended,235600,22771025,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,willthew10,Played too many hours on this game. Can have glitchy combat sometimes.
76561198116578752,Recommended,235600,13192865,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nits,I felt the game was too short even with co op and single player campaign. But FUN guarenteed.
76561198102287195,Recommended,235600,30732549,Posted: 25 March,all,taylorandjett,were do i find the button for 1st person????
,Recommended,235600,22696525,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,impure,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is a serious game with serious characters with a serious story. Well, at the beginning anyways. It's not perfect. You can't really manage your resources as much as in a game such as xcom. In fact money is pretty useless once you get a few useful upgrades. Mostly it's there to remind you that if you did everything stealthily you'd get more points. There are still large sections of the game that seem to require you to go guns blazing, although it's not nearly as bad as the end of Conviction. In fact most of the game now involves stealth. Imagine that, a stealth game with stealth. Although I wished they would have kept the going to greyscale whenever you go into the darkness, I really liked that."
76561198186212601,Recommended,235600,22526895,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,JAYHOLiDAY3,This game is good and I recommend this game. It is awesome you feel like a ninja or batman (with guns) and the multiplayer is really good also it is fun playing with to play with friends. P.S. You can choose if you want to kill or not. But my main problem with this game is the servers there awful sometimes it take me 5 hours to join a friend what a shame because co op is awesome. I still recommend this game. WARING the serves are awful most of the time.
,Recommended,235600,22533565,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,AR_HrN,one of the best game for ever i seen .
76561197990435997,Recommended,235600,22571320,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,doberman2045,I like the way the game plays and the way you can move around to the to your objective
76561198162987470,Recommended,235600,22595311,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,marshallythd,Good Game
,Recommended,235600,16404070,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,T H I C C  Daddy Salvia,"As much as I despise ubisoft as a company, there's one thing they do better than any other game developer today; asymetric multiplayer. I love this game to death. Getting kills as the spy is one of the most satisfying things I have experienced in any game ever. I feel like such a badass whenever I chain multiple kills together. Dropping on enemies from above, sneaking around them and slitting their throats. Something about this game really gets me going. It's a shame very few people play anymore. I jump on the chance to play with friends whenever I can."
,Recommended,235600,22558708,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Cat Videos,is great
,Recommended,235600,20891184,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ChrissyC,Great game. I challenge you to try and complete all missions as a Ghost. Game was absolutely fun and kept me on my toes. Definitely worth buying.
,Recommended,235600,15048179,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,LowEndER(Mumbo),12/10 would play again
,Recommended,235600,14682095,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,voidmind,"The best co-op game I have played in a long time. I usually am not into jingoistic military stuff, but this one is an exception. The SP campaign is also excellent. Heck even the horde mode, a game mode I usually snub, is exceptionally entertaining."
,Recommended,235600,20984488,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GRTriple,Fun game to play cooperatively with a friend!
,Recommended,235600,8795945,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,WookieeGoldberg,"This is an excellent game that is unfortunately held back by an unfunctional game client in Uplay. I've lost almost 70 hours of gaming because for whatever reason Uplay decided to erase it. This is a great game, but be careful of stuff like this."
,Recommended,235600,8798561,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,aventacron,"I never liked Splinter Cell games before.Tried many of them, but each one seemed unplayable to me. First of all it was connected to control problems and general uncouthy.Blacklist was game-changer for me.It's rough comparison, but Blacklist is like COD Modern Warfare (at it's best) combined with some Hitman Blood Money entourage. It is the stealth-game I like to play.And what's even more amazing: unlike most of stealth games, you actually can play it in storm-way. And it's pleasent expirience in it's own way.I honestly think it should be the GOTY 2013.Goes straight to my very short list of the best games ever: Hitman Blood Money, Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Batman:Arkham City."
,Recommended,235600,111850,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Soмєɢűƴ¿69?,Its awsome
,Recommended,235600,8783150,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kriltos,"I Highly Recommend this game Steam, yes. BUT Ubisoft can suck my left nut. Ive been trying to get on multiplayer with a mate for.....the better part of 6 months now and the customer service was lacking hard at first, finally got myself a second copy of the game (due to the fact that we might not be able to connect because i bought my copy with steam and he bought his with Ubisoft....[like that should matter /!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?] im not bitter) It has one of the best SINGLE player story lines ive played to date. Worth buying for that alone"
,Recommended,235600,8846184,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Little Trains,"a amazing game, where going guns blazing is not as rewarded as being a silent and un-deadly spy. Amazing multiplayer, but isnt very noob-friendly, with or without friends, this game will give it all in third and first-person view."
76561198003324524,Recommended,235600,2165353,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Gipokrat [X_X],Отлично!
,Not Recommended,235600,17209508,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,thepapapanda,"Multiplayer servers are broken, single player is ok but i'de give it a 6/10"
,Recommended,235600,17273336,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,synTh ֆ,"Pros:-good stealth mechanics-top notch graphics-story is very intriguing-customization of exactly how you want to play a mission (i.e. the player is given the choice of how they want complete it)-good voice acting-action keeps you on edgeCons:-Uplaytl;drif you enjoy stealth gameplay, buy it."
,Not Recommended,235600,17258410,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Zephyr Umbra,"game is goodmultiplayer is goodonly one problemif you want to play with your friend, you will not. Ubisoft refuses to fix this issue and will probably never will.so if you are solo playing or you are okay with only playing with randoms, you will love this game. but if you want to play with friends don't. you will be disappointed"
76561198012330091,Recommended,235600,17148996,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,cwcolin56,Panther all the way.
76561197972378209,Not Recommended,235600,16983325,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,sevvir1,"Annoying construct. Silly interface and I don't get the games loadout concepts. 5 out of 10. And Uplay bites hard, deep and long. Game might be reasonably enjoyable (7/10) if I didn""t have to deal with Uplay. But the two as a team......... I'ld rather chew aluminun foil. Boring but not as frustrating. I'll never buy another game that goes through Uplay."
,Recommended,235600,16986853,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Buzz,"This is my first time with Splinter Cell and I gotta say I had a lot of fun playing the game. There are lots of options to play stealth or assault and you actually feel you have freedom, even tough the missions are pretty linear but hey this is not an open world game right?Reminded me of Deus Ex in a way but this game's base are gadgets, there are lots of unique play styles with lots of gadgets to play with and at the end of each mission you wished you've played it differently so it has a lot of replay value.The story is solid american hero who need to save the world from evil dude trying to destroy it for no reason. Voice acting is really good, cinematics are well done. If normal difficulty is hard I guess you can say the ""Realistic Mode"" is pretty much that.Only used 2 weapons the entire game, never really needed an upgrade or felt the need for another set of weapons and that felt unbalanced for me. If you don't need to try or felt the need for using other weapons I don't see why you should try all 30 of them, but anyway the gameplay is great.OH and almost forgot, this game thought me one thing: PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE."
,Recommended,235600,17220937,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sned - Saor Alba,Had Alot of fun on this game with my friend one of the funnest and tactical game out there right now and i enjoyed it but the only thing that really lets it down is that there are no custom maps to play on there is only a limited amount of maps and that made me sad the gameplay was spot on tho.Graphics 7/10Gameplay 8/10Story 6/10Multiplayer 9/10Hope for future games that have more maps and alowes players to create maps for it cause the game would never die.
76561198096419680,Recommended,235600,7247762,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,InvisibleElement,this is a great game with a lot of action in it :)
76561198011533891,Recommended,235600,16999253,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,axle69,Very good game
76561198007813436,Recommended,235600,17046908,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,JMC17,"Not bad, but not enough weapons and very little reasons to use a variety of weapons.Still have the classic FPS bugs such as shooting rails or other objects instead of your target caused by a large collider box and the priority of actions (if you press the assassinate button while being near a closed door, it will kick the door loudly instead of assassinating your target, failing the mission)There's also the missions spectrum problem, you have access to very hard missions right off the bat, while keeping easy ""story-mode"" missions locked. Making the difference in difficulty quite astounding, building up frustrations right away.This is a stealth game, meaning that 90% of the guns you could unlock are completely useless and if you chose to use loud weapons, most missions will automatically fail or you will have to face at least twice as many foes because of ""reinforcements""The aim is not true aim, if you move your cursor fast, there's no problems but as soon as you try to fine-tune on a target (moving the mouse more slowly) the cursor will not move while your mouse does. It's hard to explain but your mouse cursor will cease to move if you move your mouse slowly. Which makes shooting quite a problem, in a FPS game this is quite troublesome.I also had to edit the engine's files to disable mouse acceleration, because the game offers no such options. This game is not PC friendly, it's obviously a port.The plane upgrades feels shallow and unimportant, they obviously tried to remedy that problem by adding a modifier that makes you gain more money based on the plane's total upgrades. The best upgrades are to get enemy weapons and prototype weapons which are, based on the genre, not needed at all since you're supposed to stealth and not kill.There's also no difference between deadly force and non-lethal, other than the kind of points you'll receive from each mission, which does nothing but give you money anyway.Personally I stealthed missions until I got my full stealth suit with all gadgets and weapons, which was about 5 to 7 missions, on the hardest difficulty. Since then, I just ""panther"" my way in. (Lethal Stealth)The ""heavy"" guards are quite annoying, they are immune to everything but assassination from behind. Took me quite awhile and a lot of frustration to realize that they are simply immune to assassination and everything else from everywhere but their back side.No reasons to use bombs, electricity, piercing bullets or anything else on heavies.They feel too simplistic and reduces the array of tactics available to the player, limiting them to a single action.This game has great potential but basic mistakes makes it a not-so-great title.Feels like there was more thoughts involved in much earlier titles, despite having a more limited weaponry selection.Still enjoyable, but a little pricy and a title as great as ""Splinter Cell"" should be doing much better than this, it's embarassing."
,Recommended,235600,16862454,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MattKom,Best Splinter Cell game yet.
76561198006867055,Recommended,235600,17445585,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Leggings,Awesome
,Recommended,235600,17325759,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,The Seldom Seen Kid,"The game feels more like a Deus Ex title and less like a Splinter Cell one and the fact that the best mission (the yacht one) is part of a Day 1 DLC pack is disgusting. Despite all of my critique, this is still a great game.Gameplay:It's the easiest stealth game I've played by far and turning up the difficulty doesn't help either. You can sprint at enemies and take them out using CQC from the front without people noticing. You can lure guards by whistling and, although it doesn't work half the time, when it does, they come to your exact spot so you can easily take them out from behind cover. Then their colleagues notice they are missing, come to the same spot and you can take them out too. You also have a ton of ammo. Your crossbow has around 15 GAS DARTS THAT CAN TAKE OUT MULTIPLE PEOPLE AT ONCE and 15 shock darts, so you can knock out probably everyone on a mission using it even on Perfectionist, where you can't ressuply ammo. Or if you want to silently kill everyone from a distance, you can take a silenced sniper rifle and pop them in the head. Did I mention the radar that shows enemy positions even on Perfectionist? Or the fact that you can mark multiple enemies? Or the sonar goggles, which let you see enemies trough walls and ""Mark & Execute"", which lets you kill 3 people before they can even draw their guns (except on Perfectionist)? The best way to play the game seems to be to turn off the UI and restrict yourself from doing all of these things until it becomes... basically a faster-paced Chaos Theory with better level design (at least regarding most of the side missions), otherwise it feels like cheating and gets boring fast. Speaking of level design, the main missions are awful.Controls:The controls are terrible. You have at least 3 buttons that are bound to context-sensitive actions. Way too often have I opened a door when I meant to climb a pipe, dropped through a hole when I needed to take cover or picked up a weapon/ bashed a door when I wanted to move a body. Your sprint key is also your CLIMB EVERYTHING key and you can't separate them, so whenever I try to run away from somebody, I just end up hanging on a nearby wall and getting shot at or drop/climb near other enemies.Story:The story is... actually suprisingly good for a Tom Clancy game. The last mission has at least two suprises that you don't expect from this kind of game. Also, great performances all around, the standouts of which come from the actor behind the antagonist -Carlo Rota and Elias Toufexis, who you may already know as Kobin from the previous game in the series, or as Adam Jensen from Deus Ex: Human Revolution.Sam (yes, he is badass enough to get his own category):I really miss the old Sam. When Ubisoft approached Michael Ironside to first voice Sam Fisher, Ironside didn't like the character, because he was lacking a personality. Ironside then helped the writers develop Sam into the badass we know and love... and now that Ironside is gone, Sam feels like a completely different person. Gone is his charming sense of humour. They should have let him retire. He's like 57 at this point and nimbler than ever. He doesn't even look like Sam Fisher anymore! It's ridiculous! Maybe now they will do the sensible thing and replace him with Briggs in the next game."
,Recommended,235600,17506285,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,WildReab,Fantastic Game
,Recommended,235600,17355552,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Nadroj,best coop FRIGIN TERRIFIC
76561198193610822,Recommended,235600,17361040,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,THE OBAMAINATOR,One game that usess a fighting kinfe( Karambit ) for fighting!! good game over all!!
76561198002733141,Recommended,235600,17331395,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,IDENWIHAM,Christ Sam what happened to your voice you sound like a young Jason Bourne.
76561198077699615,Not Recommended,235600,17368918,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Greensiili,"How the ♥♥♥♥ can you focus with your weapon... you wanna play realistic mode but so far you die after 2 bullets and an enemy need arround 10 of yours to die...This game is a joke, it's clunky with clunky keybinding, My character never does what I want him to do... It's annoying.!!!Graphics are very cool, sound are cool but it's all..!!And what the ♥♥♥♥ Uplay still exist? Just delete it.! Steam only, Other like Origin, uplays are here only to annoye people and put money in the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing pocket.  It does not even make game price more competitive.!!! So please worlwide boycot Uplay.!"
,Recommended,235600,18012520,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Daikyu,"Spends whole experience trying not to kill anyone and get a perfect no kill run.Unknowingly kills a guy in the 1st mission.Finishes game, then cries for twelve and a half hours.9/11 would play sneaky spy anti-terrorism game again.أخذت من الوقت لترجمة هذا . أعتقد أنك حصلت على المحطمة ."
76561197999258939,Recommended,235600,23797267,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shelby,Love the game! It's great! Except multiplayer doesn't work for me. I've contacted Ubi and steam both are unwilling to help me or give me a new key. I bought the DLC and one of my keys was already redeemed... I Cannont connect to anything online and I've tried all the fixes I can find online.. Game rocks. Ubi Blows. Steam you're in the middle.
,Recommended,235600,23831709,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skyn3t,"love the splinter cell series, except the voice for sam, it has changed though."
76561198055823735,Not Recommended,235600,23831689,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Unbekannter,"Crashes frequently for a great many people. Problem never fixed. Typical Ubisoft. Just avoid. Wish I hadn't have listened to the people praising this game. Shame, because the actual game itself is awesome, but what good is that if you can't even play it? And no, I'm not on a potato.Refund requested. :( My money will go elsewhere."
76561198051514905,Not Recommended,235600,23844715,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pbudz,Good game for single player. Co-op sadly does not work AT ALL!
76561198053239791,Recommended,235600,10631505,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aimo,Great game but still 4/5 because f*cking uplay!!
,Recommended,235600,23920154,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dusk,we're dealing with pros.
,Recommended,235600,23949600,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,suspect,No Love Deep Web - Death Grips + Thermal Gogglesｃｏｍｅ ｕｐ ａｎｄ ｇｅｔ ｍｅ10/10
,Recommended,235600,23950033,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hyp1ck,TOP  IN THE WORLD!!! Blacklist  nice  nextgenовый  шутер
,Recommended,235600,23909515,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,eerie gook,"pretty fun game if you're a fan of playing stealth games, although i dont see much replayability but then again i full ghosted perfectionist my first playthrough of the game (with ALOT of checkpoints resets). the final boss is really dumb however, and if you dont have a high inch/360 (mine is 8.5) you NEED to turn your sens up or else you wouldnt be able to kill the boss which is stupid.ive never tried the panther or assault gameplays and i dont plan on playing it."
76561198016067784,Recommended,235600,23782355,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Marksman,"Good game, i miss the hold Splinter Cell whole intelligence gathering think that is missing here but it's a good game.Levels are designed a bit ""on rails"" but you still have some options  to go past them.Multiplayer is not very much populated but still you can have soe fun matches...at least in classic mode were there are fewer cheaters (and Ubisoft doesn't care about oviusly)."
,Recommended,235600,23486656,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,alertacobra12,"I bought this game when it was on sale, it's one of the best stealth games I ever played and one of the best games I bought on sales. I liked the gameplay but sometimes it failed me, the single-player missions are good, they are not copy and pasted from each other. The only way to discribe the campaign it's, if Big Boss (MGS) had a son with a parkour master, and that kid thought that it was in a patriotic 90s action movie (the good ones ok). The graphics are a bit dated, but there are AAA titles that look a lot worst. I woud  recomend this to everybody if you weren't obligated to use Uplay but if you get passed that 8/10 game.PS: Kind of like CS:GO don't play this on a airplain/airport/any public place, and sorry about the grammar"
76561198032607817,Recommended,235600,23468406,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,wickedmushroom,"Much better than Conviction, play it on ""perfectionist"" for real splinter cell experience."
76561198305736338,Recommended,235600,23388055,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aaron Esannason,Pretty good stealth game. Did not care too much for the story. Also a bit short.
,Not Recommended,235600,23394368,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CrazedMeat,"Having played through the first 3 on ps3 due to hd update, and DA on my 360, I wanted to play conviction and blacklist to see where the series is now. as i havent played blacklist. I beat conviction going yeah, it sucks i cant ghost or non lethal, but the gameplay is nice enough and keeps things either challenging or interesting enough to keep my attention. i beat it in 4 hours, but it felt longer than that. in a good way. blacklist, on the other hand, felt long from the start. i did the first couple of missions and got adjusted to the control changes, optimized a couple keyboard controls, and was ready for fun. Then i did the side missions, some of which were nice and fun, even on perfectionist, like the yacht, or the fort, or the survival modes. Then i did the coop only ones, got through them, with plenty of checkpoint restarting due to bugs, and while that sucked, i was still saying, yeah, this seems alright cus its the side missions, lets get this story on with then, and the game just ♥♥♥♥♥ itself going oh wait we were supposed to be working on that? We were hoping youd be distracted long enough to not notice that we didnt really work that part out. For one thing, going for takedowns only to go in the complete other direction cus some guy was below you and you thought you had him targeted but nope, its that guy off to the left in the open who you will be taking down and getting shafted isnt my idea of fun. Nor is getting control of a uav because we ran out of ideas, now shoot these vehicles on this clearly jpeg landscape, as you watch them drive over the picture of buildings at an airfield. Characters? Well you know how sam was a grumpy old man who still tried to be a good person even if he had to do dirty work? Well now you get to see him be all ♥♥♥♥youfifthfreedomidontnegotiatewithterroristsandimmakillwhoiwantwheniwant. Which as i mentioned, in conviction, there was no nonlethal, but theres a huge leap in kill or be killed as a fugitive with only luck and what people give you, to being a agent with a flying fortress, tons of nonlethal equipment and a fisher who is supposed be less bloodthirsty due to his vendetta being resolved, but gameplay that says hey stop trying to sneak and not murder and chase this guy. Dont want to murder? well we are going to fail you if you dont instantly murder these dudes. Honestly i went in knowing people didnt like it but just thought that it was because it changed a few things. i didnt realize it changed everything, and then put a ton less work into said changes. Also as a last note, dont put a forced ""turret/tower/positon"" defense section in a stealth game."
76561198046000536,Recommended,235600,23490040,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,EpicPwner,"I'm only just recommending this game.The singleplayer is tight. Very fun.Story is ok.Multiplayer is fun. However, this is only if you are lucky enough to enter a server with no hackers. People teleport. Change the percentage hacked. Instakill. Leave the hacking zone. Have rank 1000. Everyone.EVERYONEragequits. Despite the methods in place to prevent this (removing the exit match option, preventing the X button being pressed and stopping alt f4).This would have been a great game, but the multiplayer let it down."
76561197971636908,Recommended,235600,23470705,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Afflicter,"This game didn't start out very  promising. I had to play the intro in windowed mode and had no chance of changing to fullscreen. Also, every time you Alt-Tab out of it, you have to change back to fullscreen from the settings menu. Gets really annoying pretty quickly, especially considering there is a type of mission that pretty much forces you to switch back to desktop from time to time. If you've played these games before, there is another huge problem that will become evident from the moment you start up a new game: Michael Ironside does not voice Sam Fisher this time around.Screen mode and menu issues aside Splinter Cell Blacklist is a pretty solid entry in the series. Gameplaywise it's very heavily cover based, which doesn't sit right at first, but you get used to it. If you are a fan of the Splinter Cell games and are looking for lots of stealth-based missions, you will find them, but sadly many missions tend to push you more towards open combat. You have plenty of gear and weapons to unlock, though, so if combat is your thing, you can customize your gear accordingly.The story is quite compelling and the voice acting (Sam-replacement included) is top notch. This game actually feels slightly like a reboot of the series, since Fisher and the team are starting up a whole new Echelon. This also makes sense, considering what happened in Conviction.All in all, Splinter Cell Blacklist is a worthy entry in the series, even though some missions takes away from the stealth fun you know and love. When you sum up its parts, it's actually pretty good."
,Recommended,235600,23266717,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,snaketaylah,"Fun and Stealthy.Co-op is damn good.The only problem is on multiplayer..The Spies vs Mercs need more balance on equipment especially on lvl,because.. I'm just getting fcked up by high lvl players :^)"
76561198029861215,Recommended,235600,23305194,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,exterminator2100,"If you do not like gigantic reads, avoid. I have somewhat funny and offensive stuff here if you do get interested.For those of you interested in buying this game, I want to start by mentioning the reason why I have come back to this game first for those who want to know why I have so many hours invested and that is because I have played many many many many many many (100 manys later) times after beating this game for one reason only and that is Charlie's missions and trying to complete 20 waves of enemies (difficulty rises per wave) without dying (which I have yet to accomplish) all because I enjoy killing people in this game a lot. I get no satisfaction from playing stupid games like Call of Duty, Battlefield, or every other stupid shooters, but when it comes to killing the AI in this game, head shots, burning them, blowing them up, shocking them, killing dogs (because seriously screw dogs in video games, I rather kill them in it than let them be a companion), blowing them up after burning them, going up to an enemy and doing a melee attack with a kerambit, and lets not forget the most important, the little drone I can fly around and stun, shock or kill enemies with and to end this gigantic sentence with an honorable mention to the Sniper Rifle kills have all filled me with joy.Splinter Cell: Blacklist had a unique storyline even though the fanboys crying left and right about Michael Ironside(Will be saying MI for short) not being the voice of the titular character Sam Fisher, I was ok as long as I played the game. I did read articles where MI mentions about how dissapointing Conviction (insert hate for Ubisoft, Uplay, and PC edition here) felt to him and did not like where the character was heading towards as the games keep releasing and making Sam fisher from what MI wanted him to be portrayed as rather than a literal dog working for the government. Oh well!!!! Switching to a different topic. The ""fans"" of this series. Get out!!!!!! No seriously GET OUT!!!!!! You are fans of Michael Ironside and not this game. So do me and this game a favor and just GET OUT!!!!There is a reason when a game does not do well and here are are a few of them.-Reviews-Minimum requirements if it does not meet your PC (I am lauging at this fact cuz I really thought I was not gonna play this game well on mine since.. you know...well summarizing in one word, Conviction)-Metacritic (I can explain,and yes they are reviews yet they are so full of themselves because they are used to tropes and cannot have there heads any far up their asses. They are the reason why we cannot have fun)-Stupid utterly mindless fanboys of some stupid crap-(There are others but you can fill in the gap if you feel like commenting)Despite all the little crybabies complaining, Splinter Cell: Blacklist did well in its fun gameplay, ok storyline and the  reviews it received compare to broken Conviction because it was a really good game optimized to work better and decided to maximize the ways players can have fun killing or knocking out AI (Boo hoo I am raging pacifist and I have virtually never killed anyone)  other than playing online multiplayer when they can do it themselves in fun and challening ways that the devs worked so hard to put into this. All in all, I also wanted a game that somehow managed to get me back into playing it again and again so interms of the replay value being there, this gets an automatic 10/10"
76561198104170468,Recommended,235600,23312381,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,aharman314,"Fun game, Fun MP, Mediocre story. Lands a solid 8/10 for me. Reccommended for SC fans."
76561198273271510,Recommended,235600,23308112,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,tillonoma,"20hrs of gameplay for me, great fun, quite challenging at times, would recommend to anyone that likes it stealthy. Only thing I missed was thermal vision, but instead there is a sonar option."
,Not Recommended,235600,13713566,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,UltraCombo,"I played it before on PS3 and the game is great.I love stealth games, I like Splinter Cell games, and Blacklist is one of the best.The reason I give it a thumbs down is because of Uplay.  I litterally can't save my game at all, no matter what I try.To hell with Ubisoft games!!!Save your money on all Ubisoft games from now on.Also, no one is playing Multiplayer.Thank you"
,Recommended,235600,13714407,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Y-S_AMMO,"brlliant game, 10/10"
76561197976066884,Recommended,235600,12231802,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Orl0k,"Back to form, much better than conviction which wanted to be a shoot em up not the stealthy sneak game I love to play. Yes Fisher has a new voice, but really,,who cares,,get some if you loved splinter cell back in the day but lost faith after a couple of below par efforts."
76561198071392629,Not Recommended,235600,13717562,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mienotaurus,"Single players fun but the multiplayer was amazing, multiplayer is dead now or UBI screwed it up because no one is playing. Buy if you don't mind a dead multiplayer mode."
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,235600,13411469,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,KasperKyd,"Never played a buggy Ubisoft game like this, it's full of bug since I started and even the enging was stuck and I couldn't see it.Story is too much, I felt like playing with Superman.I won't recommend it. I think the Splinter Cell team must sit and make this game worth it again just like how bad was Farcry 2 and how Perfect was Farcry 3"
,Recommended,235600,13560772,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Thom Dorke,"Coming from someone who sucks at stealth-action, I was a little wary going into Splinter Cell: Blacklist. However, my worries were soon thrown away, as this is a very enjoyable and approachable game. The story is of typical 'Murica action thriller nature, but the combat and the variety of ways to approach each scenario are commendable. And you don't get punished for being spotted! (something that doesn't happen too often for me but enough). A tense and satisfying experience, a recommendation for stealth-action and action game fans alike."
76561198018792508,Recommended,235600,13576700,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,BlackStone,this is the hardest of all the splinter cell games also the most fun. i own all the games in the series this one will bring me back many times
,Recommended,235600,13513697,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,invapid,"pretty good game (4.5/5)Pros:* tri-rotor is pretty sweet* storyline is decent* they let you do solo/coop missions pretty much whenever you want, which is sweet"
,Recommended,235600,13582327,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Klarkent,"RATING: 5 out of 5 Stars.  This game offers quick to get to action, lots of challenges, plus a coop capability making it a game that can be played for years and years.  This one is a must have for anyone who loves a FPS with lots of play style options!"
76561198127533481,Recommended,235600,14475970,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FLGibsonIII,"I don't know why it only says I played 1.7 hours. UPlay glitch? Anyway, this game has the one best's stealth gameplay on the market. It has one of the best cover systems in gaming. It has an awsome mechanic where the AI just looks around the point where they last saw you which is displayed by a white 3d mode of you. It is non-linear enough to give different approaches to a situation. It has plenty of gadgets to use as well. The story is meidiocre at best though and good luck trying to find an MP match. All in all, if you like stealth this is a must buy."
,Recommended,235600,14507344,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sir Digby,"Needs more James Spader, but I'd settle for Michael Ironsides.Pros:+ Lots of stealthy goodnessCons:- Uplay"
,Recommended,235600,14507589,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,GPA - Tim,Can't wait for the next release
,Recommended,235600,13816336,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,iGoldenStone,"Enjoyable story plot, and love the graphics. 10/10."
,Recommended,235600,6770821,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,BGirl,старый добрый Сэм Фишер
,Recommended,235600,13832366,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Papa Hash,Hello everyone today Im going to share my opinion of spliBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingSo for starters the game was reaBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingThen I noticed the game seemeBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingI became very frustrated wheBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingI cant play the gaBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingSomeonBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingPleaBlacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped workingDo I reccomend it? Blacklist_DX11_game.exe has stopped working
,Recommended,235600,14417547,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Profish,the game is so good.the game is beautiful but the missions are  too big ...nice game :)
,Recommended,235600,14418291,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,EtherSword,One of the best stealth game around.
,Recommended,235600,14393617,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,itsACoppa,Excellent way to continue the Splinter Cell series
,Recommended,235600,14382637,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Brohann Sebastian Bach,"If you're a fan of the series, PLAY IT!If you're not, PLAY IT ANYWAY!It doesn't matter either way, the game is just awesome. Period."
76561198044558823,Recommended,235600,14423038,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ogmail,"The game offers great gamplay, but which later gets repetitive and with a weak story not to back it up the game gets boring and you often later just see yourself going to muliplayer after a few missions in singler player. But If you have a buddy to do co-op missions with it will give you many hours of enjoyment and fustration :P"
,Not Recommended,235600,18070777,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ArcNoveu,Don't buy it if you don't have ultra expensive gaming pc. I can play almost everygame with my computer but this game gives me 20 fps even with the low settings. Game is just very bad optimized. Wasted my money
76561198056433076,Recommended,235600,5974388,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Grizzles,"A great title defo worth getting for the experience of stealth / combat how you choose to do it, best new thing in game is the customisation within your inventory you can change everything from your suit ie torso/ legs/ gloves to weapons to the HQ plane its great. But the only thing that lets this down is the co-op there is NO co-op campaign only multiple side missions but still worth a challenge if want to do it on the hardest difficulty - easiest. Still a great title to play either single/ co-op/ multiplayer a great buy!"
,Recommended,235600,18089875,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frost,It's not on the level of Chaos Theory but stuff like moving bodies and non-lethal takedowns are back. Stealth is certainly better than it was in Conviction.
76561198121044944,Recommended,235600,18170496,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kreyszig,10/10
,Recommended,235600,18162005,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,My first splinter cell game. Brilliant. But a bit too easy once you get certain upgrades. Fun playing co-op too.
76561198127611046,Recommended,235600,18168577,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sunny,what a game! great story line!
,Recommended,235600,18172917,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sa5eR Rikudou,You have two options either kill silently or kills furiously loud. It is up to you if it is in killing. Each move you have to consider before doing.
,Recommended,235600,7779028,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,murfquake,"Better than conviction, but not all stealth like the old games.  Worth a try at a discount."
,Recommended,235600,6532943,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Alien Anal Probe,"Awesome multiplayer with 5 different modes, customisation and freaking awesome stealth. Campaign is cool too, however there is no Michael Ironside on Sam Fisher's voice, so a lot of athmosphere is totally lost. Definitely must buy already for Spies Vs Mercs."
,Recommended,235600,6028943,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Ez Pz Oh so Breezy.,Epic Multiplayer!
76561198084957408,Recommended,235600,7071144,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Revan12234,"Has got to be one of the best Splinter Cell games yet, I would highly recommend the game, Even better with friends."
76561198039979521,Recommended,235600,16631373,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MrMango,"Let's get straight to it, if you have played any games at all you know that Splinter Cell games are.Stealth action - does this game achieve that? Yes.HOWEVER, the game is not without issues.First of all, the multiplayer has some great modes! Spy's vs Merc's is back! Shackled to some of the worst matchmaking I have EVER seen! Aside from the matchmaking, the multiplayer is so dead it has flys circling above it.And of course, Splinter Cell is a Ubisoft title so the game is pretty bug ridden.Overall, at the discount price of 4,99€ that I bought it at? Definitly worth it. But I'd stay away from the game above 10 bucks, unless you are really into stealth action."
76561198155592352,Recommended,235600,16633068,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,the gamer2,GG
,Recommended,235600,16727118,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DODGYDEL,grate game to play if you like stelth or action games
,Recommended,235600,14242213,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,E-man,"Solid game all my friends are stealth snobs and say that this is nothing like Chaos Theory or the Original SC but w/e. Blacklist is good and if you want to be stealth for the whole game then you can because the option is there. It gives you three possible play styles and you can mix them all if you like. You want to be Rambo then be Rambo, you want to be 007 then be 007 or Johnny Fuhking English for all I care but this game will let you do it. My friends just have sticks up they're a$$es because I'm on PC and they're on consoles."
,Recommended,235600,16698437,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cr0w,Pros:-Rewarding kills-Fun stealth-Other styles of combat than just stealthCons:-Ubisoft-Ubisoft-Uplay-Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,235600,16701454,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ping0fD3@th,"(6/10) This is a great game once you get past the weird controls and feel of the screen and gameplay. You have to start at the beginning and go along with what it wants, which im not always a fan of, before you can actually do anything well. you also have to have the difficulty set to easy so that you can actually get the kills required. But once you play a few hours and can get instant headshots you should be fine with the harder difficulty levels."
,Recommended,235600,16605311,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Metrixed bitskins.com,A decent take on a Stealth-Action game. My first game in the Tom Clancy series.Pros:Decent Graphics/EnvironmentsGood combination of stealth/actionCons:UplayUbisoftWhy.Could be a better developed story. The story in this game is like an episode of Criminal Minds... meh.
76561198063357465,Recommended,235600,16615338,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Foolish Commander,"This game is fantastic, there is no other way to describe it.  It has a great campaign, the co-op is very fun and satisfying especially when you perform something with perfect synergy with a friend.  This game rivals Absoulution, it has incredible graphics and animations.  This game is one of the best co-op games in recent memory, it has plenty of challenge and suspence and rarely feels repetitive or boring.  8/8"
,Recommended,235600,13925456,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The Bear of Bad News,"Good game, but felt kinda short and linear. Co-op is too limited. Gameplay is much like Conviction. Storyline is great.... BUT IT'S NOT REALLY SAM!!!! :'( Unless he got trach'ed and had to wait until his vocal cords healed before going out and sneaking around, and doesn't like to talk about it. Yeah, that makes it feel believable."
76561198053613238,Recommended,235600,17686442,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,tacomaster571,"Tom Clancy games are usually great. this is no exception. in most stealth based games the AI will simply ignore most bodies, and this tends to take away from the experience in my opinion. in this however they wil patrol an area and if something sticks out they will investigate, and if you can eliminate him without being noticed you are golden. however, if you make a lot of noise they will turn into Liam Neeson and they, will, find, you.i would reccomend this game to anyone who wants to play a challenging stealth game."
,Recommended,235600,17691385,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jaz,Great Game overall i really like it!
,Recommended,235600,17698564,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Porncorks    EWGAY,"A fantastic 3rd person stealth/action game. With a combination of a great story, fun gameplay and upgrades, and a lot of reliability makes this one of my favorite stealth games. I only have a few criticisms of this game, the first being it's a bit pricey right now. At the time of writing this it's $30 so I would probably wait for a sale if you want to buy it. There are also a couple of points in the story that are kinda odd. At one point in the story the game locks you into a first person view. It's a bit awkward, but it doesn't last long, so it's not too long. Also the last boss in the game is really meh, and he's mostly a super punishing quick time event. I also did not try the multiplayer modes in this game. But from what I understand it's mostly just Russian servers at this point. Honestly though these complaints are minimal and I highly recommend this game if you're looking for a good 3rd person stealth game."
,Recommended,235600,17837826,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,i9 LUL,"Awesome game! Definetly better than Conviction. However it has Uplay, so steer clear, unless you like good games and or would recommend this game solely because it's a Splinter Cell title. I've been playing these games since the first came out and loved them ever since. Runs perfect on my machine on ultra, and if I can run Ultra on this without any problems, then you can definetly run it."
,Recommended,235600,16517122,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,smexy_beast,ir was good better if it could go fullscreen on my 17 inch laptop
76561198009058501,Not Recommended,235600,17431056,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jasonakoehn,"Unless you are a single player only (coop if you feel like it) kind of guy, this game isnt for you, and even then it isnt for you,Short campain that i beat in 6 hours topsBad controlsSome of the worst multiplayer i have ever seen in a video gameMultiplayer is baren in terms that every one plays only one game modeSomewhat pay to win due to the high power dlc being ported to multiplayerForced coop for some side missionsBare bones coop and side missions, it follows the same formula as the others, Grims=Hack 3 terminals undetected, Charlie=Survival mission, Kobin=Kill everything in sight, only Brigs has a fleshed out well thought out coop experience,Cant shoot out lights in multiplayer so stealth is near impossibleOver powered gadgets such as the drone for the mercs and the cloak for spiesWeak storyForced character development (if any at all)And an overall bad multiplayer, i missed how they didi it in pandora tommorow, the only thing i like is the customization but even thats limited due to tokens, which is basically a rip off of the cod point sytem of black ops, if i have the money just let me get the thing i want."
,Recommended,235600,17526138,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,nbh2992,"Maybe it's because I'm coming into this game in the summer of 2015 and all the bugs are ironed out - I've had nothing but a great experience with this game. The online community is still very much a part of the experience, and UPlay stays out of the way - once I hit ""play"" in Steam, UPlay loads immediately and then minimizes, the game loads instantly - all this running off of a 7200 RPM HDD.Gameplay side, the game plays like a fresher Assassin's Creed - it feels more focused and there's fantastic level design. If you've ever enjoyed games like Assassin's Creed or in general third person stealth, you'll love it."
76561198009250539,Recommended,235600,17529816,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,thrillKILL,"I had a rough start with this game.  I couldn't get it to load...kept crashing if I tried to play windowless at full res.  I tried everythng and then contacted UBI support.  They ended up being very helpful.  I needed to update several drivers and uninstall then reinstall several more.  Game ran great after that.Game is much better than Conviction and the previous one with the JB's Army crap.  I miss the heck out of Sam's old voice (Ironsides).  Afer a few hours, I got over it though.Controls were a little finicky at frst, too.  Sometimes Sam doesn't want to move as fluid as you'd like and other times he has a mind of his own (reminiscent of that other UBI series).  I actually found the game more enjoyable on the higher diff levels.  It made me push myself and take some risks that seemed to immerse me into the controls and movement more.The graphics are great.  The story is the same rinse and repeat we've heard a millions times, but it works.I am mid-way into my second playthrough.  Most of my time has been spent perfecting the Embassy missions on solo.  I haven't touched the Co-Op only content.  Embassy missions are awesome!  I love the cat and mouse style of play on Realistic.My main complaint is minor: I wish the guns actually felt more varied than they do.  I also wish you could customize with a little more freedom and had a reason to use more variety of guns and toys.  I've put over 60hrs into game, and I have yet to use anything but silenced SMGs and basic pistols except on mission that forces use of drone.  Tried shotty, but it just causes too many alerts and ruins missions.Can't wait for the next one.  I hope they find a way to inject some of the original bad to the bone tone of Fisher into next one."
76561197981885109,Not Recommended,235600,17530623,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Alleboom,"Honestly, as a huge fan of conviction and chaos theory, Sam is just too freaking hard to control. You'll wish plenty of times that you had chaos theory controls so you didn't have to rely on janky cover controls. I've died plenty of times wishing to go to cover, but with no visual feed back of where Sam will end up, I'll just slip slide onto a land mine. Even with the visual cues on certain movment commands, sometimes they just don't do what they say. The controls are just really awkward and take some getting used to, and coming from Chaos Theory, I just can't accept that in a Splinter Cell game :("
,Recommended,235600,17556226,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,those tims,why do you have three green lenses?
76561198014864811,Not Recommended,235600,17561412,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Easy,"Gameplay is fun, especially coop. When it works. The game is either constantly crashing or the servers are offline. Maybe Ubisoft wouldn't have such a problem with people pirating their games if they actually worked. Sad because I like the game, but the game literally won't let me play it."
,Not Recommended,235600,17570649,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,rabidbadger42,Doesn't launch. Typical Ubisoft bullshhheeeetttt.
,Recommended,235600,17572804,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Lukas,"Great game, makes you feel like you are in a spy movie!"
,Recommended,235600,17605552,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,sans the skullerman,Super fun when you play it coop with a friend. MUST HAVE for anyone who loves co-op games.
76561197969812675,Recommended,235600,17607811,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,NISBRO,I enjoyed this game kept me entertained for some time. Story is a little weak but if you can get over that and the BS that is the CO-OP only side missions then its not a bad buy on sale.
76561198117335244,Recommended,235600,16570393,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,davidjoshuamusic,"Probably one of the most underrated Splinter Cell games. This game catches a lot of flack because it came right after Conviction, but it really does hold up compared to the original Splinter Cell games. If anything, it's actually improved on the formula. Whether you use Mark and Execute or not (I don't), Sam feels much more fluid compared to other installments. He could do a lot of the same things in the older games, but now you know that he isn't going to jump kick off of a wall into enemies when you just want to climb it. Sam is much more easy to control and the weapons are much easier to control as well. This game has massive replayability and actually rewards you for playing it in each of the different fighting styles. If any of you are upset about Ironsides not voicing Sam, don't be afraid, the new guy isn't too terrible, and the voice acting and dialogue for Grim, Briggs, and Charlie is really solid. The story may not live up to Pandora Tomorrow or Choas Theory, but it'll keep you engaged throughout the whole game.The only cons I've found with the game is that the PC multiplayer community is almost non-existent, so if you want to play co-op on this, you gotta have a buddy who has it as well. In the entire time I've owned this game, I've only twice been able to enter a co-op game with a random person. Though if you can play Co-op with someone, it is a blast. You'll find yourself co-ordinating shots and takedowns and planning routes. Other cons are sometimes the cutscenes glitch and miss some frames or do other weird things, but overall it's not bad.Overall though, great game. 8.5/10"
76561198022396735,Recommended,235600,16537743,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Self-Loathing and a Perfect Body,"The stealth might be a little broken but my heart has never been more whole, great gameplay, great story, and an all new Sam Fisher."
,Recommended,235600,16539173,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Braxton,Ebola simulator.
,Recommended,235600,16549023,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Killumgood,the best game in the franchise
76561198188928923,Recommended,235600,16458226,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LUMOS_LONE_WOLF,the best steath game there ever is this is a must have game
76561198060400022,Recommended,235600,17932848,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kyntar,Great in depth story.Fantastic Gameplay.Plays well with controller.Great cenematics and gaphics!
,Recommended,235600,17955431,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Artstar,good game i laik /review
,Recommended,235600,17958984,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,swift,"I loved the series of Tom Clancy's, stealth is my style"
76561198086746385,Recommended,235600,17938585,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Peace-MakerZA,This game is fenominal it has everything a spy would ever need and more i love the coop and i love multyplayer i would buy this game again only problem is dont reinstall windows beacuse then you loose all game progress :(
,Recommended,235600,18012615,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dom™,"You are Sam Fisher, a high tech ninja who turns into rambo if you are not careful enough."
,Recommended,235600,18070653,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,liigk,people's attitude towards this game is either they like it or not. there is really no in between in those two opinions. In my case i like this type of game a lot.
76561197986767666,Not Recommended,235600,17458941,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,foxmulder2,"Graphics problems, invisible characters, flying guns."
76561198161957972,Recommended,235600,17460818,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,eirigance,The Stealthy Goodness continues in Blacklist..... . .
,Recommended,235600,17421826,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Moof,git gud dis
,Recommended,235600,17401947,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RaytheKing,This game is just fun
,Recommended,235600,17656647,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Retr0,"if You Like tom clancy's game, this is suitable for you and buy the deluxe edition if you want more excitement"
,Recommended,235600,17726218,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Shit house,If you like games where being stealthy means nuking america then this is the game for you. ( just buy metal gear for ♥♥♥♥ sake)
,Recommended,235600,19564886,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Big Dill,Favourite stealth game out there. Campeign is fun and the Co op is great as well
,Not Recommended,235600,19503678,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Arkane,"If once you brought this game from steam you have nothing to do with uplay then this game would be positive. Ubisoft Tornonto made an amazing game but it is uplay that ruins it. Uplay has deleted my save data 3 times consecutively. That's right it deleted my save data three times in a row. I got this game for steam because i thought i didn't have to deal with uplay cancer. I tried to get a refund but i have over 2 hours of playtime. Ubisoft doesn't realize why people pirate their games, they do it so they don't need to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197991688256,Not Recommended,235600,19754539,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,pay_she_free_too,"the game is bugged. When it start, it does not go in full screen by any methods (Windows 7)Otherwise the game seems good enough"
76561198262114874,Not Recommended,235600,19605376,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TofuKid,"Great game! Especially if you love the stealth genre. I will always feel that Ubisoft makes great games. The concept of Spies vs Mercs multiplayer in my opinion is really really good.But U-Play is a terrible service provider especially in terms of the Online multiplayer. There is constant HOST MIGRATION which ends up in you getting disconnected from the game. I have played this game for 72 hours and I have very rarely played an online match where I got to play throughout the entire duration. Its either I start the game and get disconnected midway, or I start midway and get to finish the game.I don't recommend buying this."
76561198047662306,Not Recommended,235600,19770577,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Swaggin' My Hijab,
,Recommended,235600,17840205,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,🎃 Tornado 🎃,"Good story, Good multiplayer, good gameplay, bad UPlay."
76561198082538495,Not Recommended,235600,19721637,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,JCFreddie,"I cannot play this game at all. Whenever I try to open it, I get a blackscreen. I've even changed ""WindowStyleFinal"" to both 0 and 2. Do not waste your money on this game. The gameplay might be good but that doesn't matter if you can't even open it."
76561198271999378,Recommended,235600,20387028,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Uniend,"Splinter Cell Blacklist continues the Splinter Cell story and kicks off the game with a bang, litterly. The game is very smooth and well made. I love the game, however this game may have had a very HUGE multiplayer count now it doesn't. I have spent hours trying to get into a match full of people only finding out that there was no match. This game may not have much multiplayer structure anymore, but the story is very nice and coop is also very well done. Don't get this game for multiplayer, get it for the story"
76561198045345336,Recommended,235600,16085565,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MadMikeDK,Perfect game - 10/10Perfect experience both in single player and in CO-OP.
,Recommended,235600,20165726,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pixeL,Good stealth game overall with good graphics and an awesome story and playstyle.10/10
,Recommended,235600,20102385,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bale,"Just hang onto a balcony and drag guards down. Easy life, easy kills."
,Recommended,235600,10790620,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jinsoku,The online mode is great! :D
,Recommended,235600,20073145,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VampiruS,An another epic game into my collection...10/10
,Not Recommended,235600,20310674,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sinister Bathtub,cant connect and play with my friends.9/11 would crash a plane into.
,Recommended,235600,20329112,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,zetback,In another life i could see myself a splinter cell guy instead of a metal gear guyTo me this game is underrated the story the challenges and the options during stealth are amazing
76561198192268385,Not Recommended,235600,20306278,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TheManOWar,"This game is linked to bullcrap ubisoft DRM that barely functions, wait for sale because it is not gauranteed that you will get the product key that you must enter to play the game to work!!!!"
,Recommended,235600,20312724,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Siddharth,One of the best game. Especially the stealth part. Best for coop.
,Recommended,235600,20164456,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,A Sneaky Spork,He gets olderHe sounds younger7/10
76561198031836806,Recommended,235600,12186218,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,blackheart2,Fun and polished. I like this genre of gameplay. I ignored the story.
,Recommended,235600,20214942,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,taqim258,loving it
,Recommended,235600,9220924,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hav0ck SpAwns,- Not Micheal Ironsides voice+ Great Graphics+ Great Gameplay+ Decent Enemy & Story
,Recommended,235600,3594466,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,ThePunisher,"One of the best Splinter Cell games yet, vast improvement on Conviction (which I still think is a great game). Does stealth / action mix well, however, disapointing the game forces you to go on a shootout at times"
,Not Recommended,235600,9222681,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,noplacelikechrome,Runs like absolute crap under Surround. Would be a great game if Ubisoft actually employed QA testers.
76561198068639833,Not Recommended,235600,9223318,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Chromosome Burgler,This game is broke as hell and will never start up and uplay freaking stupid if it isnt required on console then the dang thing should not be required on PC. Ubisoft needs to get their crap together and fix the peice of crap otherwise i want a refund
76561197989927531,Recommended,235600,9223366,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,inkrabid,"oh WOW. They've done everything right with this installment of the Splinter Cell franchise, Just kick♥♥♥♥♥from start to end, and multiplayer is extremely well done too. 100\100 for me."
,Recommended,235600,9225760,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,RaptorBudha,Surprisingly fun for a new Splinter Cell game.  Does not quite live up to Chaos Theory but still is very fun in it's own right.  Spies v Mercs and coop are both a blast.
76561198119690166,Not Recommended,235600,9226443,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Bundesmartin,DOESNT WORK AT WIN8.1 pro64bit
,Not Recommended,235600,9227816,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,pope_poopinderp,"buillshit... coop doesnt work. disabled firewall on both ends, opened ports. dont work."
76561198072609150,Recommended,235600,9237431,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Skyline45,"The game's pretty fun. It can be frustrating at times, but what steath game isn't? Multiplayer is pretty buggy. It kind of sucks to finally find a good player for co-op, and then after getting almost to end of the mission having the game CTD. However, when it actually works it's extremely fun. The story is great. It only hints at Conviction's story line near the start of the game only to brush it off, and NEVER bring it up again. Which was a litte dissapointing seeing as I thought Conviction breathed new life into the series. The ending was more confusing than anything else. It just seems to end with no explanation as to why. If it was a ploy for DLC/ the next entry in the game, then it was done horribly. Although the game is really fun. Not worth full price, which made me glad that I wanted until it was on sale to get it. Still, it's worth a playthrough if you're into the Splinter Cell series."
76561198061013486,Recommended,235600,9238926,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Koule,"A fantastic game. It allows you so many different play styles, from a stealthy approach with gadgets and avoiding enimes that feels very much like the orginal did back in the day, to full on assault attacking with assault rifles and frag grenades that lets even those that aren't the greatest at stealth games really get enjoyment out of it."
76561198067797152,Recommended,235600,9242105,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Akira,Sneaky sneaky + pew pew = fun
,Not Recommended,235600,14254622,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,哦哦哦哦哦,I have been a fan of the SC series since the release of the first. however... after chaos theory i started to get a little bored. they went away from what made them amazing. Ok double agent was pretty good but in my eyes it wasnt a patch on Chaos theory.With each new SC it seems like they are trying to bring it in line with FPS styled games. i would love to say this game has made me love the franchise again but it hasnt. although the game is fun i havent had the same expieriences i would have on previous games. lets hope the online is a little better.7/10 from me
,Recommended,235600,13194471,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kyro,"This game is outstanding. The singleplayer and co-op missions are incredible. Despite multiplayer having some connection issues, it's likely the best feature of the game.If you are a fan of other Tom Clancy games ,such as Ghost Recon, or even just Third Person Shooters in general, you should definitely buy this."
,Recommended,235600,14042323,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,s l   m e,Well I used to play the old splinter cells and they were really good and will always love them. This game though besides the fact that Sam doesnt look the same and he has a different voice actor the game is good. RIP old Sam.
76561198049140170,Recommended,235600,13985856,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Drug Dumpster,"This game is solid!!!  Lots of fun and I like the options you get for completing a mission.The way the game gives you money to purchase black market items is kind of lame but eh, not a deal breaker!!!"
76561198044704581,Recommended,235600,13987051,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SnakeDicks,"I used to play the original splinter cell games and ya they were really fun, but they were hard as hell. Games evolve over time and become different, sometimes losing their true style or gameplay. A lot of times change is good. Blacklist was one of those games. A massive step up from conviction with a long campaign and an interesting story. In other words just play the game."
,Recommended,235600,13947769,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lane,"I've always been a huge Splinter Cell fan, regardless of the direction the game has gone (and by that I mean the playstyle -- used to go one way -- Stealth mode or not at all haha), but this game is still extremely fun, even moreso for the average Tom Clancy fan!"
76561198029188383,Recommended,235600,13953042,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MarcusWMD,I loved this whole series...this one is the best10/10
76561198002782181,Recommended,235600,13941870,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Miclavac,"As always, Splinter Cell will give you the best time of your life if you like games where you go sneaky and take your time terminating clueless soldiers. Blacklist is awesome and remember, slow is fast and fast is slow.The multiplayer mode is pretty hard to get but it's all about tension and fun combined."
76561197971507784,Recommended,235600,13943144,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ukkokalevala,great as coop should have more maps
76561198041637037,Not Recommended,235600,13943350,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CptLehat,"Another shamelessly rushed and lazy title from a big corporation. All aspects of the game have clearly had corners cut to achieve them, clunky UI and tack-on menus detract significantly from immersion. Somehow this game plays and looks worse than its exceptional predecessor Splinter Cell: Conviction. Terrible Ubisoft, shape up or lose your customers"
,Recommended,235600,13975093,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,gattings654,This game is Epic - i have the whole series and continue to enjoy these titles again and again. i only wish it was a little more dynamic with the mechanical gameplay.
76561198118697312,Recommended,235600,13976456,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,My dudes,One of the best stealth games avaliable. Right up there with dishonored and hitman.
,Not Recommended,235600,14168455,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,♥ Petri Pure ♥,"6.5/10Singleplayer seems decent even without Michael Ironside voicing Sam Fisher.Multiplayer is a disaster:-none existing balance (ubisoft didn't adress any problems that community had cryed for)-despite being on steam, it still runs on U-play, so forget about adding friends or reporting people-spyes with guns turn the whole stealth genre in to a siple Call of Duty especially with people that can shoot good-lack of communication, as even when you die and spectate from camers your allies, you can't type-servers always favorize putting high lvl players versus low lvl players-meangless customization as everyone uses 2 most highest damage and best aim gunsWORST spend money ever.Motton: NEVER TRUST UBISOFT."
,Recommended,235600,14171321,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cheech,2/10 good game
76561198081042820,Recommended,235600,14222235,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,NETHER SKY,"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: 10/10UBisoft: 0/10OMG I want to cuss, wow, I want to cuss so much I am afraid you wont get to read this....So, I will keep it FKN GDDAM FKN SIMPLE!....This game is amazing, UBISOFT is a huge, huge, HUGE problem.Should you get the game on steam here and now?.. I say YES, just get ready to jump through UBICRAP hoops.GL and when you get the game to work, have in a stealth orgy of action!"
76561198151909681,Recommended,235600,14227947,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SHIMMER™,Amazing game with stunning graphics. Must buy if your a fan of the splinter cell series.
,Not Recommended,235600,14181581,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,FalloutBoi,worst stealth game ive played in a while
,Recommended,235600,5380822,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Full Metal Bitch,"Кароч это игра для настоящих богов. Сеня Рыбак всю игру ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥т рок-н-ролл, мутит с рыжухой и стебёться над всякими ущербами и вообще он весь такооой опафный, всем бояться на*уй! Ну а мультиплеер это отдельный пи*дец... Хочешь согреть свой пукан? Тогда тебе сюда."
,Not Recommended,235600,14030056,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,legi,"This game is a bad port, so I decided to play it with a controller. It is just as bad.The last game, Conviction, was a different take on the series and it worked very well, but this one is a mix of stealth and action, which could have been great, but is a mess.I honestly tried, but the lack of walking speed besides ""slow"" and sprint, really ruines it.The cover mechanic works when it feels like it, but is just badly implemented.Visually, this game is nothing special,its a AAA title so it has visual candy, but it achieves nothing as it is so unpolished, it takes a behemoth of a computer to run it properly.The controlls are floaty, movement is really awkward and a controller dosent help much, the UI is very weak, shooting is like paintball with bags of sand for enemys...This game is mediocre so much, I could not finish the 1st stage, due to basic mechanics.Worse game in the series and Double agents now looks good."
,Recommended,235600,15500677,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,▌ɔɔǝH ʎloH ▌,MP dosent work my game has reset twicebut while it worked it was really good
,Recommended,235600,18720473,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Lorde,"My first Splinter Cell game, so I can't compare it to the older titles.However, this game is ideal for anyone who's a fan of the stealth genre. The story might be a bit generic, but it still manages to keep you engaged and there is a genuine element of threat and danger present. The gameplay, however, is by far the best aspect of this game. Smooth, slick and there's a strange joy in repeatedly restarting until you can execute the perfect run.8/10."
,Recommended,235600,18658138,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,✪ harambe,"Very good game, it defines all splinter cell games. Just buy it if u are a fan really brings up the good years of this game."
76561198104895139,Recommended,235600,18658739,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Am Bort,"Just Like the gr8 brand Kingfisher, Sam Fisher is King. He is an amazing personality with unique skills and abilities. No one can compare to his abilities, except Donald Trump being embarressed all around the globe. 8/8 would always play it."
,Recommended,235600,18716639,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,KNACK IS BACK,Step 1: Buy GameStep 2: Get buddy to play Co-op with.Step 3: FunStep 4: Laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off
,Recommended,235600,18715696,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Marvelous Bacon,Do you have friends? This game lets you play with them and hurt people. Don't have friends? You can hurt people by yourself
,Recommended,235600,18712092,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,weishangjun,This game is one of the best optimised games of Ubisoft in perfomance.Very playable if you like the games of stealth series.
,Recommended,235600,13719418,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,neha1em,"Does not support higher than 60hz.Update: they have updated the game to support higher refresh rates. Game is a worthy successor to conviction. Very similar playstyle. When everything is upgraded though and you have the crossbow, the game is still easy even on perfectionist, just like conviction was too easy."
76561198071141937,Recommended,235600,18575066,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Aurgh Vaati,nais
76561198048153613,Not Recommended,235600,18576247,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,StupidNameHere,"NVG don't work in the dark?KIts basically a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Conviction where helmets stop the kill chain, people with body armor are resistent to everything but melee (except when they notice you and then they are invincible) and some people can see you when their back is turned. Oh... And dogs. ♥♥♥♥ dogs.Story is alright. Only reason I am still playing.You get a tazer but it wears thin when it is the only weapon that is viable. -Bzzzzzt -Uh'uh'uh'uh (seen for thousand time) me: yup."
76561198001884307,Recommended,235600,18750140,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Draak,Awesome Game!!!!
76561198038407585,Recommended,235600,18746975,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I'M PICKLE RICKKKKKK!!!,Great stealth mechanics and upgrade system!
,Recommended,235600,18741987,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Silent Walker,I love this game got it on sale for like £3 feel like I robbed them haha and also dont see why people are complaining about uplay it hasn't caused me any problems so far.
,Recommended,235600,18807196,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sycotiz,Biče sniga
76561198076056837,Recommended,235600,18807373,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,youareachoirboy,Awesome game. Uplay sucks though.
,Recommended,235600,12271512,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,yerffej09,Great game just wish i could play through steam instead of uplay.
76561198106388814,Recommended,235600,12274905,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JT,"This has to be the best game I've played to date.  What I loved most was the realistic movements during game play and the realistc storyline.  I have yet to find another game with all my ""must haves"" (3rd Persion Shooter, Panther & Stealth combo), and still have the realistic movements that SC Blacklist has.  I'm not into horror type, alien worlds, or nothing but combat play which is all I've been able to find when searching for another game that matches SC Blacklist.  Maybe it's because I'm over 50, but I like a game that puts you right here on earth, stealth-ily fighting the bad guys.  I also loved the feeling that you were part of a team (4th E).Although they were few, the only things I wish were different with SCB was the following:  Option for single player in Brigg's missions and 3rd person shooter when playing Brigg's (1st person shooter games makes a lot of people get motion sickness, and headaches), that the other team members could have their own missions, and that the game was longer.  I played it 4 times through (except for Brigg's Missions, because of the co op only), and I still was left wanting more.I know Tom Clancey's not around anymore, but I hope and pray that more games like this come out!!!!!"
76561198040897615,Recommended,235600,12432388,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Skytonic,It's ok
,Recommended,235600,12427440,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mackerel and Blueberries,Blacklist definitely redeems the Splinter Cell franchise in terms of returning to its stealthy roots unlike Double Agent and Conviction which were cover based shooters.The story was very cliché and the ending left a bad taste in my mouth but the overall gameplay was very enjoyable. Plenty of options for navigating around levels leaving previous linear walkways from the last 2 games a thing of the past.Overall I wouldnt pay anymore than £10 for the game but there is plenty of content to enjoy after the main storyline is finished.
76561198011696808,Recommended,235600,10991771,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cassius,"I've always been a fan of the Splinter Cell series, and this installment did not disappoint. The main storyline was thrilling, as always...the characters were dynamic and well polished (although Sam's voice actor is different, I think). Gameplay was a blast (pun intended)...the degree of customization - from weaponry and gadgets to your operational capabilities and (HOORAY!) multiple loadout slots - far exceeds that of any other title in this series. Enemy AI is still formidable, and they've added a new heavy enemy (dubbed ""Shotgun Knight"" by my amigos). The side missions are great, co-op gameplay is smooth and enjoyable, and so far the MP feature has been pretty fun as well.TL:DR - New guns, new gadgets, new enemies...same crazy-man ninja-time parkour-runnin' face-shootin' throat-slittin' good times. 10/10, would buy."
76561198313344977,Recommended,235600,30504568,Posted: 14 March,all,YA-BOY-JOEY™,Tom Clancy's Blacklist is a good action and role playing shooter. The storyline is interesting and keeps you wanting to play more and the customization features in the game also make the game more fun. The graphics are very good which makes the game feel real.
,Recommended,235600,15487244,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Canadian Guy 16,"do you want to feel like the world's biggest badass in the history of badasses then play splinter cell, this one is great but conviction"
,Recommended,235600,15429908,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,T D B,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER!!! AWESOME!!! KEEP DOING GAMES LIKE THIS... KEEP THE HARD WORK... FUN TO PLAY... NICE HISTORY... THE GAME IS PERFECT... :D
76561198055465351,Recommended,235600,15534365,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lardazz,good game
76561198118986445,Recommended,235600,9225323,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ExE TOP SHOT,"This game by far is one of the best games i have ever played so far in my life. It reminds me of the game Dishonored which the way you play it reacts on how the enemies are going to approach you. I personally prefer being stealthy, but sometimes i make a mistake and ends up going to have to run and gun. The multiplayer and the co-op part of the game is also unbelieveable (which i would to have more people have this game) I highly recommend it if you like a game like Dishonored or if you like being stealthy while having fun with your friends."
,Recommended,235600,15689542,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,VoxDread,Where to begin with this game... it's fun. But the lack of Michael Ironsides voice keeps me flaccid. 7/10
76561198002167986,Recommended,235600,15788320,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,SasqRutts,"Warning: You have to download UPlay to play. Ball ache I know.However:The games good. Go loud or go quiet. Murder everyone or just knock them out later.The guns and equipment are set up for either play style or even a bit of a mix if you fluff up a little. Although the equipment screen isn't the most intuitive and honestly I haven't noticed much difference between the armour and the stealth levels the game is still pretty good. I typically gear up for all of the ammunition slots I can get.Story is predictable but the mechanics are the gameplay is pretty smooth. The controls aren't the most intuitive on a keyboard but then I don't often play third person games with one so that's probably just me.Although the game is fairly linear the areas are wide enough with different routes that you can honestly play this game pretty much how you want. I'd still reccomend it just for the satisfaction of hiding behind a box, coughing, then pulling the resulting investigating guard around your cover and punching him in to unconciousness (or you know, stabbing him in the face)."
,Not Recommended,235600,15779672,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FALCON PAUNCH!,"Solid single player experience like usual. For those who want to go back to the good ol' days when we had chaos theory multiplayer goodness, you will be disappointed. Multiplayer is a ghost town and the few kids who stuck around will just spawn kill you unrelentingly with no chance of survival."
,Recommended,235600,14527743,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr.Sharkieeeee,this game is hard but fun in co op with the glitches
,Not Recommended,235600,14714042,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Valtti,glumsy gameplay! after sneaking in Hitman: Absolution feels stupid
76561198056327431,Not Recommended,235600,14702910,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mrcustoms,"This game provides both fun and frustrating anger on PC.  I started playing it, and then quit after the intro missions because they replaced the Sam Fisher voice actor... It did not feel like a Splinter Cell game and I felt ripped off. I eventually came back to it and after a long learning curve. I did enjoy many of the main missions.  Some of the DLC missions are brutal on Normal difficulty (very long, and few save points). I was frustrated about how unfair this game can be. There are some critical missions when they make you fight without your normal gear. Basically, I cannot forgive this game because it frequently changes the rules. Also, this game is a big time waster since the saves are infrequent."
,Recommended,235600,14630407,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Finesser of Thots,"Good game, but Uplay sucks; GFWL is better."
,Recommended,235600,14712924,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr. So Spicy,Amazing! I just threw someone I knocked out with a stun gun into a hot tub! Game of the year 10/10
,Recommended,235600,14713101,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,freehotdawgs,A really good and entertaining stealth game. I would highly recommend this to any fan of splinter cell or any stealth game for that matter. The campaign is fairly long so you get your money's worth.
76561198032481368,Recommended,235600,4125966,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,#DavidTomneyUK,"First time I have played Splinter Cell, but I have to say it's a great game. One on the best I have played this year."
,Recommended,235600,14445219,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jerzyboy76,"ive been a splinter cell fan since the first one blew syphon filter away, n i love the old syphon filter series. blacklist is the best sc to date n my ghost in the shadows has an itchy trigger finger awaiting the next sc if we ever see a new one"
76561198063490706,Recommended,235600,14437428,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,(s)AINT,"In a few words - this iteration of Splinter Cell franchise combines the best features of Chaos Theory, Conviction and the very first Splinter Cell. I would recommend this game not only for the fans of Sam Fisher but also for the addicts of Metal Gear Solid and Hitman"
76561198057320531,Recommended,235600,7294559,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,EchoAngel137,what assassins creed should have been
,Recommended,235600,14458385,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,M4rk3b,excellent game
76561198082875130,Recommended,235600,9388501,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,adoleh2000,Simply awesome game.  I have been a huge fan of Splinter Cell since it was released way back and have played all releases up until Blacklist.  Highly recommended.
76561198108054660,Recommended,235600,9391055,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,[DGD] Aura Power,"Great stealth action game that most of the time requiers you to use stealth, somewhat like metal gear, unlike many other games that are suppost to be stealthy ( COD Ghosts), but its really just an option.  I love the new voice for Sam.  And in my opinion it is the best in the series."
,Recommended,235600,9391660,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tank Jr.,Sneak n♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045133849,Recommended,235600,9436208,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Best Splinter Cell games1) Chaos Theory2) SC13) BlacklistGreat stealth game.
76561198048220831,Recommended,235600,9436746,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Vezon-7,I thought it was gonna be clunky and the camera controls are a little bit weird HOWEVER graba a friend and do some co-op because holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game fun.
76561198058287522,Recommended,235600,9487150,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,electricmetal,Blacklist is by far the best Splinter Cell yet with extremely challanging mission and multiplyer has been well thought out.
76561197993684456,Recommended,235600,9317651,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Вачо мъдестия,fghgfhfghfghf
,Recommended,235600,9317727,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr Pink,"Fairly decent game, nice stealth aspect and worth playing through and even a second time again. not a waste of money."
,Recommended,235600,9318088,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Richy Boy,"Mix conviction and chaos theory together, sweet stuff =D"
76561198041807038,Recommended,235600,9260694,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,iJeffwuh,"I was really impressed with the quality of this game. When the game was announced I was not too excited. I had felt like they were drying out the series and attempting to make all the money they could with a new release. Another thing I was not too excited about was the new voice actor for Fisher.I saw that the game was on sale for $20 on Steam and decided that I would buy it. I have always loved the series and figured it would at least be worth the $20.It took some getting use to, but the new voice actor is great. I understand why they decided to do it, and even though I was a big fan of the old actor, the new one is just as great. I think for a lot of people that have played the series for a long time will take some time to get use to it, but it's not so bad.The game mechanics are fantastic. Everything flows nicely. I play with the Xbox controller. I am a big fan of the ""Ghost"" ""Panther"" and ""Mercanary"" rating. You choose your loadout before each mission (and can change it during the mission with some unlocks later in the game) and from there you decided how you want to go about your mission. You definetely can go any or all ways if you choose to. You are hardly ever forced to go loud and only sometimes are forced to go silent. I personally never chose to go loud and chose to stick to the shadows and avoided taking out enemies. There are always secret paths (exploration) to take to avoid or ambush enemies and pipes to climb to fly over enemies heads.The wepon selection seemed pretty large and there are lots more to unlock. I did not play with many wepons. I got an upgraded silenced pistol and silenced sniper and stuck with those all game. There are lots of upgrades for each wepon and some for gadgets. Blacklist brought a couple new gadgets like the ""triroter"" which makes the game pretty fun and really supports the""Ghost"" style of the game.Blacklist went with a headquarters that you can walk around and that's where you launch your missions. It kind of has Mass Effect feel to it. You walk around the airplane and can talk to your team or call you daughter. It's pretty cool and new for the series.I don't have many bad things to say about the game. I was really happy with it, and it was great for the PC. No noticable bugs or annoyances."
76561198019601255,Recommended,235600,9261395,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Snowman,"great game, great graphics"
76561198097641083,Recommended,235600,9285070,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,AtomicKomodo,The graphics are great. The gameplay is awesome. The game overall is awesome. I highly recommend it
76561198000306968,Recommended,235600,9289027,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Baeka,"Wonderful game.  The single player campaign is engaging, challenging, and fun.  Make sure to play it on perfectionist.The coop is quite fun as well, I really enjoy the waves of enemies.A big thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,235600,9289927,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Agent Venom!,"Absolutely love the game, I recommend this to all my friends. :D"
76561198065004099,Recommended,235600,16048033,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,chefque,"This game was challenging, and a lot of fun.  I've always been a fan of stealth games, but I am more accustomed to games like Dishonored or Deus Ex.  This game is a more difficult kind of stealth, and for me required more time to learn and patience to play.  Once I did though, it was really a lot of fun.  The game looks great, and provides a lot of different opportunities to feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥:)"
,Recommended,235600,15882720,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,RollingProbableCause,This is a terrible Splinter Cell gameBUTThis is an AMAZING Jason Bourne game. Considering how action heavy the series has become lately it makes no sense why they keep marketing this as Splinter Cell. Why would you take your time and plan your way through a level when you can knife a dude and then jump off a roof into a sea of enemies and then twirl like a professional dancer until everything is dead .
,Recommended,235600,15970061,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Badger,Good Game
,Recommended,235600,15979884,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,vishrayne,"Loved this one and a must play game for Tom Clancy gunfest-fans! I just felt Splinter cell wasn't this much fun a few years ago. They changed the whole game play style during Conviction, which introduced all those fast paced action and a not-so-bad story-line, but this got a whole lot better in Blacklist. The single player campaign is fun, enjoyable and you feel connected to the story. Also need to checkout the co-op version as well.Summary: Blacklist presents you with a Sam Fisher with three modes of game play -- Ghost(non-lethal+stealth), Panther(lethal+stealth) and Assault(go loud!). Its up to you on how you combine these to complete each mission. -A ghost? A panther-ghost? or a mad gunslinger?"
76561198065806040,Recommended,235600,15989870,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ednooooo,"Blacklist is in many ways a reboot of the Splinter Cell series, its not as strong as the original three games but it is a hell of a lot better than the newer games."
,Recommended,235600,15817874,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Atomic Flopper,"Excellent game. The multiplayer is alright, but I really played it for the campaign."
76561198094102939,Not Recommended,235600,15840318,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,JustK5,"The game is good if you bother to spend time to go into 2 different platforms to play.If you want to play CO OP or multiplayer, well... You can't. The server simply denies access, the only ways to resolve this issue is to troubleshoot your way through using several different methods that other users (NOT UBISOFT ) has found. The game is out for nearly 2 years and yet the problem is unattended for, simply disregarded. Spent money, time and effort to enjoy a game with your love ones or friends, just to face a error message. A virtual slap across the face, as a reward for trusting UBISOFT.if you think you would like to play a game with your friends on the PC... Look for another game, trust me, your time and money is more well spent.IF ANYONE THAT IS AFFILIATED TO UBISOFT IS READING THIS (doubt so)Please help those who wants to play, enjoy and have fun.Many of us spent money on your game hoping for a complete game but what was given to us was book with half of the content missing, a bowl of milk with no cereal, an incomplete product. We love splinter cell, but this love doesn't feel welcomed."
,Recommended,235600,15929795,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,john mayer lead singer,Karambits all round
,Recommended,235600,15930423,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,CYBER,Niezła gierka polecam ;)
,Recommended,235600,15934063,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ghost,Entertaining: AStory line: AVisual: AMusic: n/aPlaystyle: BI enjoy every minute of it.
,Recommended,235600,15620343,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CORVUS,****½Review will follow later.
76561198114217676,Recommended,235600,15646743,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MaRiO,nice game
,Recommended,235600,13481804,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,XaeroSignal,Hell yes. Best tactical stealth/action game out right now.
,Recommended,235600,13484962,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shadagascavich,"Brilliant game. One of the best of 2013. I feel like its a game that returned to what made the series great in the first place, while keeping many of the better aspects of the previous title, and tossing away the over simplification of previous title in the franchise."
,Recommended,235600,10833405,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kong,+เนื้อเรื่องน่าสนใจ+เป็นเกมที่gameplayเยี่ยม  เราจะสเตล หรือ จะบู๊ก็ได้ตามใจ-บางคนอาจจะ co-op กับเพื่อนไม่ได้แต่กับอีกคนได้ สาเหตุอะไรไม่แน่ใจแต่มีคนเป็นเยอะ
,Recommended,235600,13470867,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lord Tachanka,Brings back the good splinter cell series. I love it
76561198097563653,Not Recommended,235600,13793615,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,eeeK,"good game to play, but I have not been able to finish it because game FAILED TO SAVE PROGRESS!!!!!!!"
76561198007771757,Recommended,235600,13800272,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dominic,Great game! Gives a very different experience than other action games.
,Recommended,235600,13813417,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Demno,"The singleplayer was interesting and kept me engaged all the way through.If I was to play it again, I would use a gamepad since the PC controls are incerdibly clunky. Such gems as Space is used to [USE] on a button next to a ledge while it also makes you climb said ledge. It's a toss up which will happen. Another good one is E. It's used to pick up dead body, pick up weapon and kick open door. This leads to good times where you try to be stealthy and take down a guard next to a door and go to pick him up to hide the body, you can instead kick open a door and let everyone know you are there.The cover system works well as long as there are no enemies. The aim and click space to move to next cover is intuitive. What is not however is if a nearby enemy spots you and you need to take him out. If he is in range, you just hit e and he's a goner. If he stands two centimters outside that range you have to leave the cover to get him. This is done by either finding the exact angle you are allowed to walk waya from the cover, this will let go of the cover and let you walk towards the guard. Or, you hit Q and wait for the animation to stop, then wait to get control back and start walking towards the guard. If you accidentally hit Q again because you couldn't see if he let go or not you are screwed. This is very frustrating since a small ♥♥♥♥up like this usually means you have to replay a large area if you want to keep it stealthy.I have not tried CO-OP since nobody seems to be playing that anymore.Spies vs Mercs is an amazing idea! I love assymetrical multiplayer games. This however, doesn't work. The few times I've actually gotten into a lobby it's been against highlevel players with all gadgets and weapons unlocked leaving me with a game of SpawnNDie. The matchmaking could be the worst I have ever experienced in a game.In summary, I enjoyed the singleplayer  portion of the game, and that's enough for me to recommend it. I also still have high hopes for coop.TL;DRCool game but very clunky."
,Recommended,235600,13750838,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,krekers (skinodds.com),"as i haven't played any other game from this series it is very hard to get hang of it, i wanted to buy it because of multiplayer but new just to learn the basics i need to go through sory mode and i am not regreting it  at all, story mode is just awesome and i can play it for hours"
76561198094343557,Recommended,235600,8934628,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,kast,10/10
,Recommended,235600,8937153,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zarathos,"It is grat game for sure but the problem seems that no one can invite his friends to play coop and multiplayer, shame Uplay"
76561198119746771,Not Recommended,235600,8938938,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,joecannonsave,"This game has some things going for it, but this is not the Splinter Cell that many of the longtime fans like myself enjoy. It is a better game than Conviction, though. Some people will enjoy this game, but many of those who have played the Splinter Cell Series since it started 12 years will not like it."
76561198099235553,Recommended,235600,8939085,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Noah Vohn,"I would recommend this game to anyone with a superior gaming system. I, personally, forgot to check the system requirements  so when I tried playing the framerate was low."
76561197996525814,Recommended,235600,8942578,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,KewL,The gameplay is so good and the game is so intense.Worth a try
,Recommended,235600,8939833,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sprite,"Simply amazing, quite possibly the best Splinter Cell yet! It takes all the best things about the prior entries in the series and rolls them into one fun package!"
,Recommended,235600,8944353,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hope,You wear goggles501344314452345/10
,Recommended,235600,8944898,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kalid,Best Stealthy game ever !
,Recommended,235600,8946013,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ArtRage,So much better than previous versions. Norm action.
76561198037828522,Recommended,235600,8948934,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,C. Black,"If you liked assassins creed you will also like this one and Vice Versa, great ganmeplay, minor bugs here and there, but nothhing that could damage the immersion.I use a Xbox 360 usb gamepad for it as it is unplayable witk keyboard and mouse, but its also more fun on a gamepad.This game takes long to play through not like COD series that take up to five hours to complete.What i lke on this game mostly is that i choose what mission or side mission i am going to play and when i want it to plus i don't always have to be super quiet, but in many mission you can go as loud as you like (mostly atracting more enemies this way)Since i love the assassins creed series i had to give this a try since it is made by the same company, you don't get freerunning here like in AC series, but its a great and memorable action gaming experience even for those like me who prefer 1st person games.Amazing up to date graphics and physics make it even more enyojable and its not that hardware demanding as i expected, the only flaw is that depending on dificulty setting the AI gets sometimes way too stupid or way too inteligentand that not even a .50 cal will penetrate a helmet, thats actually the most annoying part, killing soldiers with full body armor is mostly only possible by stealth aproach and stabbing them from behind in some mission you simply have to avoid them if you like to keep your stealth rating"
,Recommended,235600,8967666,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,janoszen,"First off let me start by saying: this is one fun game.The game gives you three styles to play: ghost, panther and assault. Ghost means you are invisible, you weren't even there. Panther means you do silent kills, where as assault is run and gun. Of course you get the most points (as in: money) for ghost, but it's perfectly doable using assault. As you mix the styles, you get varying amounts of points for your actions.Your gear customizations (weapons, ops suit, gadgets) are also aligned along these three concepts. You can use a sticky noisemaker to attact enemies while you sneak by, use a sniper rifle or just pack out your shotgun.The story is thrilling, there's always a new turn of events and side quests aren't compulsory. While some sneaking problems are tough to master and the checkpointing is rather sparse, little extra tasks like picking up flash drives or capturing high value targets add a little spice into the gameplay.The final touch is added by plenty of great dialogue and detailed maps with multiple ways through them.On the downside the controls are sometimes a little awkward, especially the view control, but it doesn't hurt too much.Overall I would very much recommend the game to anyone who likes sneaking action and doesn't mind trying different approaches at solving a problem, especially at the price point it's sold at."
,Recommended,235600,8969363,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ghost,if you need a stealth game that feels perfect then get this one and hit me up.
,Recommended,235600,8974841,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,cry more,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Игра♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ее ваших мамок!
,Recommended,235600,8824012,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,AEnimal Mother,"Apart from the skilless high ranks in this game who require a teammate to cooperate with, this game is always a great pick me up to just jump into with some randoms and have a good time. It's even better when everyone has their darkness all the way down to try and make it as 'spooky' as possible. Were it not for its low activity on multiplayer as of lately, I would be playing this game every day more than I already am. Never miss out on a chance to play Splinter Cell SvM Classic.I personally don't play as a spy to kill, I play to run while under the line of fire and create a heavy sense of suspense. But whatever I can to make my enemies feel a sense of emotion, I do. And thats what this great game is so good at doing."
,Recommended,235600,8835197,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Beruschka,This was  very good game. The multiplayer has a major learning curve from the other splinter cells. The campaign is very good. Side missions to get more money and add more to the game. The side missions actually have to do with the story. Although it was a good story I was sad with the fact that they sidetracked from the main story.
76561198083287059,Not Recommended,235600,8434615,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Avocadopinata,Another case of ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay making a game not work.
76561198045925580,Recommended,235600,8438475,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,IdioticPanda,Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist has a unique online  that provides a fun experience every time you play a game and the campaign is the same but it is not with out its fare share of faults when two spys run at each other for melee combat it fells like the game randomly decides who wins and there has been many time I have fell out the world but over all I think Splinter Cell Blacklist brings a different and enjoyable take on online multiplayer and is one of my favorite games of this year.
,Not Recommended,235600,8465185,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DS,"It's a pity that there is no 'meh' vote for review. Because that's exactly what I feel about this game.It's single-player part is fine, though nothing special from any other SC games. Not bad plot, lots of gadgets and stuff.But I've bought it because one of my friends is big fan of SC series and wanted to play with me in co-op. And guess what? We can't do it. And when I've checked official forums - I found out that problem remains from August, when there was some patch that messed co-op functions of the game. What is Ubisoft response to it? ""Go **ck yourself. Try messing with swtuff on your PC, maybe it would work."" Some people say that there are some 'shamanic' ways to make it work, by messing with ports and everything else, but if you don't have degree in IT - there is no simple explanation of what you have to do. But why all other games I play, like PayDay, BF, WoW, SWToR, Starbound, etc work fine when I play with other players and why Ubisoft can't do the same with Blacklist?So, in general, I have some positive feelings from the single-player stuff, but more negative from being unable to play with my friends. If you want only single player experience - buy it. If you want all game features (especially given that doing co-op stuff unlocks some stuff in game) - don't do it."
76561198077186529,Recommended,235600,8465781,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dat Goat In Your Basement,Very fun.
,Recommended,235600,8416256,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ganso,"This game is a reboot of the Splinter Cell series, it tries to bring back the hardcore gameplay mechanics of the first ones, while also allowing to be appealing to more casual players. I recommend this game only if you like stealth games, because if you try to play just like any third person game you will feel nothing special about it. Single player has some very interesting levels, although a bit short. Some missions can be played in co-op, which brings a lot more diversity, but they are easy enough solo, so in co-op they may get a bit easier if both players are good, or terribly frustrating if one player does not know how to play stealthy.The multiplayer is also a reboot of the Classic Spies vs Mercenaries with some new addons. Unfortunately it is very dumbed down and suffers from an identity crisis from what a stealth game multiplayer mode should be like. It also suffers from connection issues, leavers, and balacing issues. It can be a lot of fun for a short period of time, learning curve is smooth, but since there are only a few maps you will end up getting bored of it (MP) after a while."
,Recommended,235600,8476689,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DieOtterVleisVreter,All the fun. So spy. Oh wow.
,Recommended,235600,8479296,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,XO Angelus OX,This is an awesome game! i highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,235600,8479998,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Darnell Trump,"Great game. Lot's of replayability in the story and bonus missions as there are usually several different methods/paths you can use to complete levels.It's slightly let down by ocassionally forcing you to take enemies head on, there should always be a stealth routh in SC games. However it's still a great game and true to the roots of the series for the most part. Anyone who liked the old games should buy this."
76561198025605760,Recommended,235600,8480622,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FengyBoy,"Although the game was enjoyable, I still feel the game developer has lost some of the unique characteristics of the old Splinder Cell games. It is defintely a lot better than the last installment, i.e. conviction. Hope they will give us a more stealthy kick♥♥♥♥♥secrect agent game as the classic ones, and less shot-them-all."
76561197971849361,Recommended,235600,8426376,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz,"It needs another online account (uplay) to be created before you can play, which is a bit tedious and intrusive - if you look right down the bottom of the Steam page you can see this is mentioned on light gray text on a dark gray background, so they really do draw your attention to this annoyance up front.(And, while it does not allow obscenities in the user name, it does on the email address you use...)Note self - do not buy ubisoft games.On this basis it gets a ""not recommended""."
,Recommended,235600,8431059,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Oaknowledged,"It's like Conviction, a bit harder and brings back a lot of stealth play that Conviction was missing"
,Recommended,235600,8397367,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,UnholyWar,I am having so much fun sneaking around and killing the enemy! Great game!
,Recommended,235600,8406733,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Trancill,"I confess, I am a Splinter Cell fan boy.  The previous iteration (Conviction) gave me one of the best co-op experiences in my lifetime, but the single-player campaign was a bit too fast-paced/shootery for my Splinter Cell cravings... it was still a lot of fun, though.  I just finished the single-player campaing of Blacklist, what a fantastic experience!  The perfect equilibrium between a faster pace & the good old Splinter Cell feeling has been found.  I have not played the co-op levels yet, so can't comment on that yet unfortunately.  I highly recommend this game, both to Splinter Cell enthusiasts and new players."
,Not Recommended,235600,15346570,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Captain Suds,just bad
,Recommended,235600,15122753,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kurai Sora no Chiri,Is the server down? how long would does a game server takes before they down it? :) awesome game in my opinion though.
,Recommended,235600,15123916,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rii ~!,Like assassins creed but with guns.
76561197965288138,Recommended,235600,15100205,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SheepViking,fedt fedt fedt fedt fedt fedt fedt!!!!
,Not Recommended,235600,15111401,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kapitän,"Hey brolie, like the cover system *gets spotted even though hes in cover* Yep 0/10 Co-op doesnt work ;-;"
76561198067304945,Recommended,235600,15111652,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Callaway,"Great game, I enjoyed the story as well."
76561198079525864,Recommended,235600,15128214,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Buddha,"Do you like slicing people throats open with a karambit? Do you enjoy watching terrorists squirm as they locate there murdered friends? Do you enjoy being partners with a black male? Well, then, if you answered 1 out of the 3 questions with a yes, this is the game for you. Lurk in the shadows as unsuspecting soldiers, people who have families and homes, slowly follow their coded paths, just waiting for you to run up behind them and release their red watery goodness all over the floor. Buy weapons to make killing the people easier. Upgrade these weapons and make killing even easier. Try using a sniper rifle for about 30 seconds and realize how stupid you are for trying to use it. Endlessly attempt to do every single mission on the hardest difficulty completely silently, and fail miserably almost every time. Fight a group of the most useless class in Battlefield, trying to save the USA's assets all over the world. Will you win? Does Michael Jackson have a thing for small children? Did Bill Clinton play boom-boom in the Oval Office? Do Chinese people love rice? Eh, probably."
76561198128324285,Recommended,235600,15133128,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Foxy McCool,Fun to play single player. also good with a contorller.
,Recommended,235600,15196460,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Clever Faux Fox,"Gameplay wise is everything I've enjoyed since Gamecube in the splintercell series, climbing over the path's to stay hidden to shooting out every light in sight until you can remove patrolling guards one by one and walk the level freely. Now with some additions to modding your weapon to choosing your suit it's made for some extra fun when you feel like tossing stealth aside and mowing down enemy's.On a side note though it opens up Ubisoft's ""steam-like"" program so a little odd to start Steam to open UPlay to open Splinter Cell...nothing too wrong just a little odd to me."
,Recommended,235600,14809015,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ylnlnl,best stealth base game ever
,Recommended,235600,14951403,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,The Major,I've been a fan of this franchise since the cool theme song (name of the game) and the set of 4 CDs in a hardcase to get it loaded on my PC. In real time Sam Fischer is like 50 and still tough as nails.
76561198016059355,Not Recommended,235600,14952711,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AntiKirby,"I've tried several times to get this game installed to no avail. I'd avoid it on Windows unless you want a bunch of frustration. Probably a firewall issue, who knows. Just wish I could get a refund. LOL ya, I know. Pretty funny."
,Recommended,235600,14952917,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,BRNDN,Great story just do not expect much online play.
76561198033890085,Not Recommended,235600,14955827,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,alexarcanus,"Sound wouldn't work properly with my headphones, the game kept launching in windowed mode, and there was never any response from support. Ubisoft appears to be another game company that is swirling down the toilet and doesn't care to take care of thier customers."
76561198053212913,Recommended,235600,14958068,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,$ C A R E C R O W,Go ahead and touch it
,Recommended,235600,14898129,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rikuza,"So far the best Splinter Cell after Chaos Theory. Although it may be 2 year old, the controls are polished, and solid. However, gone is Michael Ironside who had played Sam Fisher for it's previous game. In his place is fellow former Smallville alumni Eric Johnson. Customization is ok, your op suit can be upgraded, and you have a plethora of weapons to choose from and upgrade. There is a monetary system in place, but once you buy everything, there's really no point in it at all. Like I said, 2 years old, still a great Splinter Cell game."
76561198010693962,Not Recommended,235600,14901353,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,S.T.R,"Do not buy this game. If anything pirate it, it is not worth the money.Saw a friend play it, looked awesome, and it is to a certain extent. However rather enjoyable gameplay is not worth your nervous system. I've bought the game and expected to play with some friends, yet the servers are unavailable... Looked at a huge amount of supposed fixes, yet none of them work... There probably is a fix out there to solve the multiplayer problem but I seriously do not want to spend hours trying to figure out how to get the game I payed for to work.Fine let the multiplayer be... But even in the solo campaign my game crashed at least thrice. I am disappointed... Issues like these are why piracy exists."
76561198095170084,Recommended,235600,14901808,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Steve,"good game. singleplayer has an okay story. Coop works 98% of the time. Good gameplay. Just wishit didn't want the player to choose one style to play- ghost, panther, or assault. I mean, i use all usually.Oh, and slightly outdated graphics"
76561197991813861,Not Recommended,235600,14903485,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KOA.iso,"Stupid U-play. They made it impossible to play with friends because you just can't connect to them. I bought this game for the coop, but after many tries was not able to play with them. I want my money back!!!!"
76561198120569450,Recommended,235600,14958869,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ewan ★ back,become a panther!
,Recommended,235600,10871290,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheWaxwingSlain,"Much better game than I expected.   You really can decide how you want to play a mission, stealth or ghost or action hero.  Of course, one option might be much better, but that's for you to discover.The save points are perfectly placed.  Not too short, not too long.  The co-op missions are actually fun if you can find someone else to play with.  Controller or mouse (I use a mouse) are equally good.Story and acting are actually first-rate.  If you can get this one on sale, it's a definite buy.This is the first of the Splinter Cell series that I've really liked."
,Recommended,235600,10871704,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Alt3red,Awesome! Stealth done right!
,Recommended,235600,10994361,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mintmodify,"Best stealth games of 2014I really love this game. it have good game play, best AI, All Graphic and detail is great.Co-op is great, it can cooperate with moving and kill.My feeling is Co-op only 2 PP is not enough. Feel like Old style game, with 2 player.But now only 2 player is very balance with stage and enemy."
,Recommended,235600,10995532,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Robotaki,"Fantastic, fast-paced stealth action game. You can approach the missions with three different styles.The first is the classic Chaos-Theory style of infiltrating. Non-lethal knockouts and not disturbing hostiles nets you the most points & cash for upgrades. This is the most fun but also the most difficult.The second is Conviction style; stealthy, but lethal takedowns. This still nets you a good amount of points & cash, but not as much as going full stealth.And lastly, the third is going rambo style with guns-a-blazing. If you do this, you won't get penalized at all however, this style of play is barely rewarded by the game.The presentation is as good as Ubisoft titles go but Uplay ... Uplay really ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Still, highly recommended."
,Recommended,235600,11014346,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dayman,"While I do recommend this game, there is one thing I have to say about it before I can get to the good stuff. And those who have played SC from the beginning might understand where I'm coming from with this.[First If you haven't played the originals, you should. It will clear up a lot of things and introduce you to the original Sam Fisher]Anyway one of my complaints about the game is Sam Fisher just doesn't feel like Sam Fisher anymore. Like I said, those who have played it from the beginning can see where I'm coming from. Anyway. It's sad that Michael Ironside does not voice Sam anymore. I've played Splinter Cell from the beginning with the Georgian Information Crisis, all the way to now with the Blacklist Crisis. Ever since I thought Sam Fisher was the most bad♥♥♥♥♥character ever imagined for gaming with a voice to match it too. [Def better than Snake too] But I find it awkward that the change in voice actors makes it look like Sam went through some weird version of reverse puberty just over the age of 50 [for those who didn't know yeah he is that old] I understand why they replaced Ironside but it's just not the same anymore. And he doesn't sound like he'd by a father of a woman around her 30's, it sounds like they should be a couple... eugh. And another thing, [This is a cinematic spoiler in a level so ignore it or not]how Sam freaks out on Briggs in London does not seem like something Sam would do. Since the beginning Sam has been always very calm and collected in his missions despite the situation and how he handled this situation seemed like they're just forgetting about the old Sam.This one will be short and sweet. I absolutely hate the fact that I need Uplay to play this game. I love Ubisoft but in all honestly I f***ing hate Uplay and I think it's the slow underachieving brother to Steam.Anyway what I do love about this game is the expanded customization from Conviction and the better Execute system. Adding the new knife was perfect as well. I feel it does seem a bit more bad♥♥♥♥♥then the blade introduced in Chaos Theory. The new gadgets to me are what really blow this game out of the water. I love the tri-rotor and of course the expanded goggle customization. Uplay and the drastically changed protagonist did not keep me from playing this game. Either way with it's fault this game is a 9.5/10 for me. And I do hope that there is another Splinter Cell game in the future.The campaign seemed a little short too :P"
,Recommended,235600,11014474,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,XxMEMELORDxX,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is a game revolving around a group of special force soldiers part of the fourth echelon team. The player plays as the protagonist known as Sam Fisher who is trying to uncover a case called the 'Blacklist'. As of the game it self, i have to say that this game was very enjoyable to play with the many different play styles available to choose from; including the 'Ghost' (Completely stealth gameplay), the 'Panther' (stealth gameplay with lethal killing) and the 'Assault' (completely full on kick a** mode). I found that playing as a 'Ghost' was the entertaining due to the cautious actions i need to do to complete the levels un-noticed.The gameplay is pretty straight forwards as a stealthy game where the player is able to hide behind cover and move from places to places with the ability to knockout enemies silently. However, Splinter Cell Blacklist have extended the 'stealth' feature to a furthur extent where shadows become really important to remain off sight thus having the abililty to shoot almost every light source present there.Something i didnt like was the enemy's AI vision ranges in the game. They literaly cannot see the player in the shadows even if he was 5 meters right infront of him in open space. The logical thinking of the AI also bugs me a little throughout the game  but the game is still pretty difficult at some points due to it which is nice. Also, I didnt like the customization in this game where every single piece of armour available looks almost the same with very limited customization (colours, patterns). Though i do understand that this may be just because of the type of game, but it wuold be nice if this option was available. To extend this point, there isnt much use of purchasing new weapons as well as the default weapons are pretty much all the player needs to complete the game, but I must say that the variaty of gadgets available is very good for different play styles and tastes of the players.I found the story a little hard to follow through due to the many things which were going on in the campaign but i did manage to understand the general things which was happening throughout the game. This might be because this is the first spliner cell game i've played idk. The whole story in general wasnt every appealing to me as I thought it was a little boring and simple but follow through-able.Lastly, the optimization of this game is completely wayy off for lower end computers where I was playing at about 5 fps on the lowest settings without modding it further down. My computer is definately good enough though, i could play tomb raider, skyrim, battlefield etc. I do see that this mainly happens in ubisoft games.To conclude, I would recommend this game to stealth lovers or to people who enjoy generic third person shooters as well as this game would definately fit into their tastes. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,235600,11017091,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,kambiank,Story is not very amusing. Singeplayer is plain and simple. But co-op / multiplayer is fun. get a lot of more option to complete the mission.
76561198042445918,Recommended,235600,10923702,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BloodlightX,"Choked a guy out hardly conscious being effected by nerve toxin.100/10PS: You must resist the urge to constantly say ""I AM THE NIGHT"" as you stealth slaughter."
,Recommended,235600,10950308,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,吉普吉普,"I liked this a lot, but Sam Fisher hasn't got the same voice actor as previous games which is sad."
,Recommended,235600,10952275,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NoP,super co-op
,Recommended,235600,10954488,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,warbringer81,"Thrilling gameplay, patience and a whole arsenal of weapons and gadgets makes this my favorite splinter cell game. I highly recommend it!"
76561198043172584,Recommended,235600,11005574,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,IrishCarB0mbs,"Good graphics, good story, and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,235600,11009775,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,-[Liz]lЗєtЋ‘̶ ̶ ̶|,ภาคนี้เนื้อหาดุเดือด เร้าใจ น่าติดตามดีอาวุธก็มีให้เลือกมากมาย จนปวดหัวไม่รู้จะใช้อะไรดี มันเป็นเกมแนวสายลับจะให้ วิ่งเผากระท่อม ระเบิดภูเขาก็ยังไงๆอยู่ทำให้ปืนบางอันนั้นหมดความน่าใช้ไปเลย โดยคะแนนจะมีการเก็บอยู่ไม่กี่แบบ แต่ท่าเอาสนุกก็ ลอบจัดการนี้แหละไม่งั้นก็ หนีไปเล่นเกมอื่นเถอะครับ เพราะภารกิจส่วนมากอยากให้ได้คะแนนเยอะๆ ก็ต้องลอบจัดการ ศัตรูนี้แหละภาคนี้มีเครื่องบินเพื่มเข้ามา ค่อนข้างโอเค เนื่องจากมีอะไรให้อัพเยอะดี แต่อัพไปก็ไม่ได้ช่วยให้เครื่องบิน นั้นโหดอะไรหรอกนะครับแต่มีไว้ปลดล็อกอาวุธ หรือ กล่องใส่อาวุธ A/B/C  แถมของเล่นภาคนี้เยอะมาก เอาไว้จัดการศัตรูขำๆ ได้เพียบส่วนชุด ค่อนข้างสำคัญ ว่าจะเลือกสายบู้หรือ สายย่อง0.0 มีผลในการเล่นการรับภารกิจย่อย ทำเบลอๆ ไปบ้าง แต่โดยรวมเกมนี้ถือว่าสนุกในระดับปานกลาง
,Recommended,235600,10822400,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Xstyle,"Pros:-Story-Co Op missions online-Weapons-Playing the way you want (Stealth,Assault, sniper, etc)-Graphics-Best Splinter Cell in the seriesCons:-Once you unlock everything in singleplayer there's no motive to play anymore. Earnings are pointless."
,Recommended,235600,10998159,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BLINK.once,i love the co-op function of this game. Enjoyable to play with friends
,Recommended,235600,11003571,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FakeOther,"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist is a must have for fans of tactical and/or stealth games. The plot is great, the gameplay is amazing and the multiplayer is definitely something. I have never had it freeze and there has been only one glitch I've seen where a flashlight was shining out of a guy's groin. Other than that I have had no problems whatsoever.9/10"
,Recommended,235600,11225818,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Batgate,"Time to write a serious review about this game, I believe that yes, it is a good game. But before I go on praising it I must say it doesn't match up to other splinter cell games such as the first splinter cell and chaos theory. The game has serious problems with checkpoints, especially on the side/ co-op missions. usually there are three objectives and there are no checkpoints between them, making them extremely frustrating if you are having a hard time on one of the sections as you cannot skip a section. Having a co-op partner can help but usually I just find the person I'm playing with doesn't have as much experience and none of my friends own the game. The stealth mechanics are much better than conviction, the rambo shoot-em-up that I refuse to call a splinter cell game. I love the customation as I feel as if I can have more control over what happens if I buy different sight or a different pair of shoes. The spy vs merc can be frustrating as being a merc is much easier than being spy because you have radar and there are much less dark spots and alternate roots on the multiplayer maps. My least favorite part had to be the section of a mission where you plays as Briggs, Sam's partner. Except you play in first person,  I like first person stealth games but it felt too much like call of duty or battlefield when I easily just charged into the subway and gunned them all down. Overall I do recomend the game as most of campaign can be really fun (my favorite mission had to be the level on the mansion or the last level) and it is a very good co-op game if you have a partner that knows what they are doing. 8/10."
,Not Recommended,235600,10893574,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Terlr Swerft,Wont even start
,Recommended,235600,10891218,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Katayin,"Pretty good game overall, some of the side missions have no checkpoints which can be annoying, but gives a greater challenge to the mission as a whole, Paladin upgrades are somewhat lackluster. The game marking high value targets is slow at times, only  telling you it's a high value target AFTER they're dead and that pickup has ben cancelled, it would be nice if it were more obvious who these HVTs are, or atleast show an x in the reticle when hovering over them."
76561197963648068,Recommended,235600,10895502,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sKorpion,"excellent! Best SplinterCell in a decade!graphics, sound, combat, story... all great!side missions challenging and fun...main story pure excellence. look'n forward to more ;)"
,Recommended,235600,10943332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kerelenko,This Splinter Cell's back to form. A must play game.
76561198006883043,Recommended,235600,10924570,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Trucker Judd,"Probably the best in the series. Great stealth and the assault/shooting seems improved, not to mention the great coop."
76561198060277725,Not Recommended,235600,10924815,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Real time asmr,when i lanch the game it sends me to uplay then it would not work then the next day i can get in and create an acount and every thing but then there was no way to play or lanch the game though uplay no mader what i did it wouldn't let me play and i  have spent over 65 min try to find a soution to the errors in uplay and still was not able to play
,Not Recommended,235600,10928114,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[=AWOL=] KILLSWITCH314,"I have been a faithful player of the Splinter Cell series since the first one on the original Xbox back when I was a kid. I was excited to play this game, I thought I was going to love it, but I hate it.This has to be one of the glitchiest games I have EVER played. Shooting enemies in the head doesn't always kill them. The enemy  sometimes seems to slide across the ground rather than actually walking. My silenced SMG shoots as if it isn't silenced at times. Proximity shockers sometimes don't trigger when enemies walk right over them. During a cinematic scene entire characters flash.... they disappear & reappear. It is so weird. All these glitches are random & happen every so often but it happens enough to ruin the game for me.I just think that Ubisoft stopped their focus on fixing a lot of the issues with this game because they were busy with other recent titles like Watch Dogs. They have swept it under the rug. I think it is time to come back to it & give players a fuctional game."
,Recommended,235600,10928173,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,One of the best spy game i've ever played in my life :)\Strongly recommend to you guys!
,Not Recommended,235600,12190337,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nightshade Grohiikzii,Worst Splinter Cell ever made! Side missions are impossible even on easy.
76561198062747595,Recommended,235600,12239610,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,JRLucky26,Love this game. I play it as much as i can. If you liked the older Splinter cells you will like this 1. You have alot opportunities to customize your play style if you want to run and gun or go stealth
,Recommended,235600,12224909,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Chase,"Conviction felt bland, with Blacklist you're getting everything you wanted from Chaos Theory on the engine that Conviction was built on. The story so far is incredible.10/10"
76561197965107231,Recommended,235600,12295616,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Brick Fight,"A refreshing mix of Conviction's usability and multi-dimensional approaches with earlier games' higher-stakes stealth. There are tons of options open to stealth or combat, yet none of them feel or particularly easy than others. It's really about being aware of your surroundings and playing to your suit.It's a lame fanboy complaint, but the new Fisher is definitely not very welcome. Not only does it look like they tried to make him look like Maleshep from Mass Effect, but they put effort into make him sound like Shepard, too. This results in a Fisher that looks too young to be the father-age hardened vet he is, while also sounding 20 years too young with no soul at all.Other than that, the game's characters are all pretty interesting and diverse, with the exception of your co-op CIA buddy, a bland ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whose voice actor probably cost more than he's worth.I'd definitely recommend it, though. The gameplay is solid and open-ended without the trappings of poor balance."
76561198093990237,Recommended,235600,12307802,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Juses,"Alright so where do I start about this game? Probably, that it is an amazing game and definitely worth the cash! I played many Splinter Cell games in the past and I can safely say that it is just as good as the rest. If you feel the wall-hack is OP, then play HARDCORE, there is a reason it's called hardcore, because it's meant for die hard fans. Just get the game the story is the best part, but grab a buddy and play all night, because coop is also a great experiment, if your friend doesn't screw you over. Multiplayer is a good distraction but can be expanded upon in the future.Look, just get the game, you won't be disappointed."
76561198046368583,Recommended,235600,12308746,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lupinb0y,A game with great gameplay but not so great story. Definitely a fun stealth game that is held back with it's okay campaign.
,Recommended,235600,12292366,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Boindill,10 auto ten for breaking people their necks.
76561198005887733,Recommended,235600,12193193,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DiscoSamuraiGuy,"One of the best in the series.  Great story, slick gunplay, atmospheric graphics, and some pretty good A.I.The multiplayer is done quite well but to a certain degree, as once you've upgraded all your weapons from the cash rewards, there's very little motivation to continue.  Nevertheless, this is great addition to the Splinter Cell series.  I bought this on a sale for only $7.50 USD and it was worth every cent."
76561197990426409,Recommended,235600,12193445,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ceg,If you are a splinter cell fan get this! it's like takeing all previous games and putting them togther in one! only down fall is Uplay! great fun with co-op and multi-player. I wish they never got rid of the jump leg split tho like the old ones.
76561198073215854,Recommended,235600,11900487,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,NewOO1,"Amazing game, not the best port but they have seemed to fix most of the problems since launch. I am still having problems connecting to people but the actual gameplay of the game is top notch and there is ALOT of content in this game.  If youre an oldschool Splinter Cell fan (like myself) or a new fan of Conviction you should totally give this game a try."
76561198009096711,Not Recommended,235600,11939761,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Drakengard,"It is a sad and sorry state that Splinter Cell is now in.  This will be my last and it will also be the first that I haven't beaten.  I can't even be bothered to play more than a couple of levels in.  Splinter Cell, as it was intended, is simply dead.  Even the controversial Splinter Cell: Conviction was at least an elegant change of pace with a very simplifed and fast paced gameplay to fit with the narrowed vision of Sam's character.  And still, at least Conviction cared about stealth still.  And the game definitely had a strong sense of style.But Blacklist?  It's a clunky attempt to serve two very different masters.  For all the ""AAA"" bells and whistles, I find that it an insult to anyone who has played the old games - even Conviction.  The stealth is just downright awful.  I'm usually a big fan of minimalistic HUDs, but there's a reason why Splinter Cell games generally used them sans Conviction.  It was always complex.  It tracked your noise.  It tracked your concealment.  The inventory system was intricate and tracked every little gadget.  It knew that players needed this information.  Blacklist?  It can't be bothered.  It's too busy being pretty to care about half of it's gameplay.  It's too busy being an action flick to care about shadows and noise and concealment.And to top it all off, Ubisoft is too cheap to even bring back Michael Ironsides.  Or perhaps Mr. Ironsides saw exactly what I'm seeing here.  Splinter Cell and Sam Fisher are dead.  And now I have to watch this farce run around in their skin.  It's quite revolting.  It's a good thing Tom Clancy isn't around to see this."
,Not Recommended,235600,12156097,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,PURITyKin,"This game is punishingly hard based on trial and error. AI is inconstant, you can stand directly infront of a guy and he wont care. Another guy will spot you  600 kilometres away. The story and plot are akin to the garbage CSI try to pull of as ""smart"" and ""inteligent""."
,Recommended,235600,12278430,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Holocene - Moving House,"If you are looking for a great stealth game, look no further. This game has great controls, good 3rd person camera tracking,  amazing visuals, and the stealth is pretty realistic (I think the shadows are a little OP though). I played on normal and the game was challenging but still fun and not frustrating in any way.I give this game a 9.5/10 because there was one part I didn't enjoy, and without giving too many spoilers, there is a part where you jump through a window on a train, and even on normal I got shot down and killed before I could even move my character which made me have to restart from checkpoint about 5 times.Anyways, all in all an excellently made stealth game, defintly worth a buy, especially when it is cheap as chips in the steam sales! :D"
,Recommended,235600,4855231,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,THGttG Marvin,современный вариант Chaos Theory
76561198068107544,Recommended,235600,12367142,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,StealthyMike ★ <3,.
,Recommended,235600,12383684,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[EH] Kodiak,"A great Splinter Cell game, if short."
76561198040066001,Recommended,235600,12150100,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,JJ,"With the exception of a few, most of the Splinter Cell games have been great fun. I mean, it's Sam f*&* Fischer. Of course it's great.Blacklist is no different.For the pros, it's got everything that makes Splinter Cell fun. It has that story that's immersive and feels like you're in an action movie. A good one. Sneaking, killing or just non-lethal take-downs are all part of the game. Single Player campaign and co-op are both worth many hours of fun.For the cons: Aside from the fact that it forces you to use the horrific Uplay there's the sneaking/moving mechanics. Tell Sam to sneak from one point to another and he'll sometimes decide to rather jump over what you're hiding behind. The selection of actions are often so close together that you might end up switching on a light instead of doing a take-down, which is great if you're in the game of revealing yourself, otherwise not so handy.All and all worth the money, if you don't mind Uplay."
76561197971092686,Recommended,235600,12374874,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Pegasus,"I don't buy many games anymore but fancied a new single player title and having played the original Splinter Cell and Pandora tomorrow and despite their clunkyness, mostly enjoyed them so I though i'd try Blacklist.I enjoyed the campaign play though immensely. Gameplay is very tactical and the game now caters for the main three playstyles, stealth (Ghost), assasin (Panther) and guns blazin' (Assault). I prefered to play the stealth route and attempted all the levels without being detected at all, a tall order. Each mission also has a scoring debrief.All three paths are readily available with various weapon and suit upgrades designed for them, with some customisation also avaialble.I must praise the games level design and atmosphere. There were several levels I perticularly enjoyed over the others but all levels in campaign have multiple approach routes to insertion and to access objectives with each path having different hazards and risks associated which lend themselves to the differnt playstyles. However these aren't clear cut to detract from the game. I found myself spending 5 or 10 minutes reconitering and weighting up differnt ways to objectives and watching the guards rotate around and how much cover I would have. There is no tactic that works all the time and this is good game design.To add to recon are gadgets, mainly the sticky cam and Tri-Rotor, both really useful for scouting and watching guards before determining when and how to proceed.Game atmosphere is achieved really well, with the game's audio dropping in loud ambient sounds and changing style based on guard proximity, it's really efficient at raising the tension involved in how close you are to being discovered. This, alongside attention to detail in the levels and lighting system reall adds to the depth of the game's environment.Sam is very fluid in his movements with many animations for takes depending on how the enemy is attacked and every position Sam is in he can initiate a melee attack from, above, below etc etc. The game uses a cover advancement system where progression to the next peice of cover is done with the spacebar. This might sound simple but I found it useful for planning and makes moving from cover to cover really smooth and dynamic.Distracting guards and thowing them out of a roof/balcony/5th floor window whilst hanging over the edge of said object never gets old.Enemy AI and stealth mechanics:Much improved over previous games. AI vision is nearly spot on, as there were very few times where I though I was unfairly seen or detected by a guard, even when I was close to them but with cover. The light meter from previous games is gone and instead Sam's suit lights flare in darkness. There is also more than enough detail in the games lighting engine to determine how stealthed you are. Being 'suspected' causes a true search with flashlights for you. Some guards are armored,  have helmets, gas masks or all of these and as such certain attacks won't work on them.Overall:A very enjoyable installment to the Splinter Cell series with solid level design, top atmosphere, stratagy, forward thinking, stealth & combat mechanics and highly recomended.Also, turning into the guy from the film 'Leon' when a guard stumbles on you is priceless."
,Recommended,235600,12104440,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jack Hughman,"It's pretty good.I'm not a huge Splinter Cell fan, having played only Chaos Theory, but enjoy the occasional old fashioned stealth. I was originally put off of this fearing that it would follow trends into actionization, but bit the bullet when the game dropped under ten bucks and was pleasantly surprised.It is indeed a stealth game still, just streamlined in some ways. For example, Chaos had noise and light meter telling you how obvious you were in relation to your surroundings, and you could modify your speed finely using the mouse wheel to crawl as slow as you want. In Blacklist, you just crouch-walk constantly for near silence and your gear glows when your fully shadowed.  This isn’t a bad thing; meter-based stealth is a little silly. Like any good stealth game, every area is still a puzzle and you have to figure out how to solve it with the tools you have. But at times I felt I would prefer a little more than just diving from cover to cover or climbing from place to place. Maybe something like Hitman's disguises and just a way of interacting with guards without fists would be interesting.There are a couple levels that really feel they put stealth aside for combat. Typically they involve some story reason triggering the alarm and just flooding you with enemies, but near the end there’s two particularly annoying  first person segments following a secondary character. While you can still stealth these parts, it’s just aggravating to be placed in a totally different game without your normal equipment, and just frankly pointless, I gave up and went through them guns blazing. The more cynical side of me wants to think Ubi’s testing the water to see how much they could make this game a shooter. But as it stands, those segments are short and few.There’s a good amount of customizations. You get the full suite of Splinter Cell tools, cameras, noisemakers, a particularly cheaty feeling drone, etc., that you have to conform to your limited inventory. There’s as always lethal and non-lethal options, with non-lethal stealth rewarding the most points which goes into upgrades for your armor, weapons, and goggles (one thing that made me a little sad is that I never really had to use the night vision goggles, and only used them for thermal). I never felt that my upgrades mattered too much because most of the time I was using melee takedowns, but I did enjoy being able to change the color of my stealth lights. It’s the little things, you know?Plot wise its okay. Basically Echelon’s been at it again to stop some bad dudes with something called a blacklist, which I never really understood. There is a list that’s central to the game, but it’s not a blacklist. But eh, semantics. One thing that bothered me is that there were zero twists. There were developments, sure, but nothing felt unexpected, which you would expect in a Clancy/espionage type of story. Maybe it’s a meta twist.Graphics are a hit and miss. Some areas felt like I was just looking at flat texture all over the walls, but other times you get nice vistas and well produced scenes.  Half of the character models had weirdly huge flat eyes despite the other half looking real sharp. While the preview videos showed a lot of your typical boring desert places, you actually go through quite a number of settings, each level had some nice unique character. Overall, it’s not a bad looking game by any means, but overall I felt it just missing some shaders or something. Even tried to add some with SweetFX, but didn’t work. Performance wise, generally 45-30 FPS at 1920x1200 Ultra on a GTX 760, with some random chugging but nothing distracting for the most part.There is multiplayer, co-op, which looks very fun but haven’t had the chance to play, and Spy vs Merc, which is pretty dead, both with customizations like single player. I wouldn’t buy the game expecting to get hours out of them, but would recommend getting another copy to play through co-op with a like minded friend.What I did like about the game was just the production values. Good cast of voice actors (with Adam Jensen as the closest this game had to a comedy relief character), very nice menu aesthetics, good soundtrack, and just an overall slick feeling. It’s hard to put to words, but the game just feels well made in a sense.There’s a couple lingering issues. One is UPlay, which is an instant deal breaker for some. I had lots of start up issues throughout, starting but not recognizing keyboard, starting but minimized and not recognizing mouse, starting but playing the intro videos 10 pixels wide in the corner and not letting me skip…it was annoying, but nothing I couldn’t get past, and frankly, haven’t had with other Ubi games. Also, the game lacks a main menu, every boot up you either choose to resume last checkpoint or get to walk around your hub ship. This is particularly agitating the first time you play it, as you can’t access any options and will have wonky video settings until you get through a opening part.  All in all, it didn’t crash though, and wasn’t unbearable.I realize I’ve had a lot of criticisms throughout this review. But I still liked the game. The core stuff, stealth, is still there and great. The game has a good amount of depth and a great length, 10 hour campaign on Realistic, considering a Perfectionist run, and a number of co-op missions which you can also solo. I really don’t think the issues I’ve had with the game are enough to really tarnish it, just hold it back from real greatness. If the stealth was just a bit deeper and the graphics a little sharper I’d jump onto the Splinter Cell boat. But for now, it’s just a good AAA stealth game, and that's fine by me."
,Recommended,235600,12105177,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Das Arto,"Ive had so much fun with this game. ive played maybe 200 hours and im still not bored! its so fun to see how stealthy, or maybe how much chaos you can bring to the engineers. Its fun to make different loadouts and try new gadgets or weapons! I literally cant put it down! One of the best games ive played in a long time!"
76561197991331824,Recommended,235600,16660995,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dedovsky,"mto bom, very good, nota mil,"
76561198054587231,Recommended,235600,16766679,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,gamer1159,"Been a major fan of the splinter cell series and ended up playing literally all of them on console and when i built my pc i set out to buy all of them that were available, i started from splinter cell and worked my way all the way through every game tell balcklist and after Conviction and with a voice change man was I fearful for this game but was never happier to be proved so wrong. Splinter Cell blacklist brings the gamer back into the shoes of badass spy Sam Fisher once again and it makes you feel like a badass covert agent through its reward via playing it through stealthily like in the older games slong with adding in stunning visusals played it on 1080p ultra and also adding a decent storyline, for the first time since chaos theroy I found myself actively engaged in the game and wanting to find out what happens next. The Co-op levels are also fun to play with a friend while not really anyhting special but still are a good time. If i had to say this would be my third favorite game in the series, behind 1. chaos theory 2. pandora tomorrow, and then of course blacklist. 9/10 one point off for sam sounding like he has a cold lol."
76561198086797230,Recommended,235600,16757937,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Swift★,"Controls can be clunky in situations where rapid movement is needed but other then that goodAI is well done but could have had a little enhancing on info you can get from overhearing (that would have been bloody awesome)gadgets are the most fun i have ever used, and mixing them together produces fun resultsA downside is co-op missions are practically impossible without friends to help (the ones you can do on your own)OVERALL- a pretty good purchase and a not so steep learning curve for those new to the stealth genre"
,Recommended,235600,13702083,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NinjaNultrix,"One of my most valued games to date. Since the moment I engaged playing this game with a friend, I understood my true love for stealth games. This game definitely does well with co-operative stealth together with single player stealth, and it's what I love most about it. 11/10 from me."
76561197970509692,Recommended,235600,16758200,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Assail,awesome game.  Needs player made missions/maps. Ive only had it for a month and a few days I have done every thing I can do solo over and over again in all 3 play types. I think that if I had owned it when it came out I would have uninstalled it by now. I hope the next splinter cell is more mod freindly I dont see this lasting me 2 or 3 years till the next splinter cell comes. I honestly dont see too much difference between coop and single player game modes. not much lag on the servers at all.
,Recommended,235600,16759769,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kingman,"A Very Great game Good Graphics,Sound,Gameplay and story"
,Recommended,235600,16759853,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dicky Cucumber,"Pros+ Three distinct playstyles availabe, each earning you separate points on missions+ Full weapon and gear customization+ Side missions to earn extra $$$+ A brilliant multiplayer mode+ ReplayabilityCons- Uplay, ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay. I took me a good 2 hours to get the game installed due to the Uplay client deciding it didn't like my copy of BlacklistOverallThe best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory.Definatly worth picking up if you enjoy stealth shooters."
76561198053138505,Not Recommended,235600,16295043,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,sonesj,"I don't know if I like it or dislike because I can't get it to run. It crashes when I attempt to execute the first mission. At this point, I can not recommend it. I downloaded it from steam so the patches are not needed. I have made the recommended changes and still able to play."
76561198074692240,Recommended,235600,9958712,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sir Francis DoofusDick,This game was an amazing stealth action game and this being my first Tom Clancy game I would rate it a 8 or an 9 out of 10
76561198026290494,Recommended,235600,16378534,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,danmak27/Athebes1,"Perfect game.Very well thought out levels with many possibilities to get through thedifferent missions.A pearl.I love the game, and have had 3 playthroughs, which, for me, are very rare.This is a must have for stealth-lovers. It's more than worth the moneynomatter how much it costs.Brilliant!Love when devs know their stuff, and this game is nothing short of beingso well thought out on every level.I can't say one bad thing about it, sorry.It's very rare for me to remember almost all the levels, but concerning thisgame, I do.Nothing short of FANTASTIC!10/10"
,Recommended,235600,16512427,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,shoxboy,One of the few games from Ubisoft that runs well on pc.But keep in mind that Uplay is required to play it.Oh- and the game is great too. If you're into stealth gameplay then this game is definitely for you.
,Not Recommended,235600,16500895,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rakuzo,"Whether the multiplayer / Coop works for you is basically a coin flip. If it doesn't, don't expect Ubisoft to fix anything."
76561198018111433,Recommended,235600,16502575,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PlatinumAce,its a great game
,Recommended,235600,13407498,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Promisha,"QUICK REVIEW:Runs great, plays great. Do miss chaos theory style play where it was slow but methodical. Faster paced works fairly well though.Single player was fun. Various customization options and playstyles provide a different experience for people, adding loads of replayability. Story was a run of the mill Tom clancy plot - SCARY GROUP ATTACKS 'MERICA STAHP THEM BAD GUISE. Was very entertaining to play though and you feel like a badass no matter what playstyle you use.Side missions are hard and most have an optional Co-op feature. Co-op feels neutered compared to chaos theory's: it had a well planned unique experience unique only to co-op. Outside of one or two Co-op only missions, an extra person doesn't add much to the experience other than maybe a different path to take and it's possible to execute fully armored hostiles.Spies VS Mercs returns and is still pretty ""Mehh"". Core gameplay of this is the same as ever - spies sneak to objectvies while mercs control FPS style and try to stop them. Spies control much better than they used to back in the day BUT mercs are still awkwardly wonky. The subpar FPS controls feel super out of place from a company that delivers rainbow six, ghost recon and Far Cry titles.Overall it's a fun package if you enjoy single player stealth titles like old splinter cell games or metal gear solid. If you're expecting a great multiplayer experience you will be underwhelmed. Worth the time and money especially if you wait for a discount on the price."
,Recommended,235600,10641616,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,senzu_P,"Really awesome game. When playing at higher difficulties it really gives you great satisfaction for completing already difficult missions. I have never played any other Splinter Cell games, so this was my first go for the series. Tactical stealth is so fun, but like everything in life, it would be more fun with friends. Got it for $15.00 weekly sale before Summer, worth every penny."
76561198064290762,Recommended,235600,12017582,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lol Cupcakes,"I really miss Ironside's voice, but this game's still really good. Conviction's like a 7/10, this is somewhere between an 8.75-9/10. Worth getting. Best game in the series is still Chaos Theory without a doubt, but this is a really good game."
76561198078575674,Recommended,235600,12021351,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Crotva,IGN rates 10/10.Would buy agen
,Recommended,235600,12021947,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jacobs.CRAKRs,"A really self paced game making it for any type of shooter (or hitter if you like the hand-to-hands/non-lethal) very good graphics and decent length storyline with tons of extras (which last longer than the story) but they do ink to the game itself very well. Its downfall is it isn't optimised well at all, as I have a good PC but it can only run low spec and only at 30-40 FPS"
76561198070425933,Recommended,235600,12012088,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,poise,"This game is excellent.  One thing I really like about it is the fact that it allows the gamer to enter into any mission thats been unlocked.  If you complete a mission, you can go back at any time to play it again.  You can go right through the story if you'd like but I enjoy playing all the extra single player missions gotten from Sam Fisher's team.  This also helps for buying better gear with currency awarded after each mission.  There is a good amount of content in this game and it does everything well.Another thing this game does well is allow the gamer to play however they choose.  You can go guns blazing or get through missions without a single kill.  You'll also get points at the end of every mission in three catorgories.  In order to get gold in each of the three, you'll have to play through each mission using three different play styles.  One is for going with loud guns and earning kills.  Another is for going silent.The story is pretty good with some good characters and in game graphics have been well done.  The cut scenes could look better however, especially the character faces.The game play is where this title excells.  If you enjoyed any of the Splinter Cell games, this one comes highly recommended.   8.7/10"
76561197969495208,Recommended,235600,11879568,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,zen0x,"Splinter Cell Blacklist takes you back to the roots in terms of gameplay (well, kinda). In most missions you are given the choice of how to deal with your enemies. You can certainly use the direct approach that was prevalent in previous Splinter Cell games but most of the time you won't get very far if you run in guns blazing. Usually it's easier to pick enemies off one by one without alarming other guards. There you have another choice, being lethal or not. For those who seek a real challenge there is the so called ""Ghost"" approach which requires you to skip enemies entirely and try to find ways around them whitout getting caught. This requires a lot (and I really mean a lot) of patience because the AI is one of the best I've seen in recent games.You can upgrade your base of operations to provide bonuses on your missions and buy and upgrade all your equipment to suit your playstyle. Before each mission you choose which guns and gadgets to bring and with the right upgrade you can even change them mid-mission whenever you find a weapons cache.The story isn't up to e.g. Bioshock standards but its decently interesting and has some twists, enough to keep you interested until the end. Admittedly, the story is a little short but there's still the multiplayer mode.The scenery and graphics are amazing and the missions take you all around the world with very different environments. The voice acting in this game is superb... and I don't mean the main characters only. Depending on the location of the mission guards usually talk in their native language like russian or spanish.Tldr: A worthy successor to the Splinter Cell franchise and a really fun game."
76561198071251845,Recommended,235600,11910950,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,kidkennedy,It's Top Banana!
76561198046404251,Recommended,235600,11856345,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,[COR] Rick IV,"Rough game. There are times when it is complete daylight and an enemy walks up to a half wall you are crouched behind and even still you are invisible. For a stealth game, the stupidity of the AI is unacceptable.The new Fischer's performance doesn't seem to hold up to the same acting as Michael Ironside. And the ""Team Dynamic"" seems forced.As for Sam's movement, it is much more streamlined and faster paced than any stealth game I've played.If you want a casual game, buy it, but wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,235600,11842225,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Königstiger,"I grew up on Metal Gear the NES game and later in college I got waaaay too into Metal Gear Solid, so I thought it was the definitive franchise in stealth action gaming (sorry Tenchu) but the last two entries in the Splinter Cell series have absolutely enthralled me. I adore blacklist. Love going through the variety of mission types trying to get that perfect ghost or panther. It is awesome how you can be so powerful and vulnerable at the same time. I tip my hat to the TC/Ubi squad for this. Best of class. Solid Snake who?"
76561198022266545,Not Recommended,235600,11943787,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jacko®,Jacko Rating5.5/10A real shame that this was realeased with so many online issues.  The single player mode is great but issues with save games makes this very frustraiting and after the 2nd time my save game would not load up I simply turned it off and tried the Co-Op in hopes of a better experience.I was dissapointed again by the troublesome UI for online matches and the instability of the Co-Op missions meant countless attempts before succeeding.Poor form from the game devs and project managers to let this be released without proper testing as it totally ruined what could have been a very solid single player experience with a great feel to the Co-Op side of things.Don't waste your time and money on this one unless you are a big fan of the franchise and have a very high patience threshold.
,Recommended,235600,11944668,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Trench,Review
76561197987842039,Recommended,235600,11935921,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,chakalitocarlito,"Great game.You can revisit and finish former missions with different loud-outs and in different ways.Co-op is a great experience,though there are rather few number of players online.The game has an ending bug.Still highly recommended..."
76561198044233611,Recommended,235600,11938560,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,rJarrr,Great game. The singleplayer campaing is very engaging and interesting. The multyplayer is great too but its kinda dead
76561198050832984,Recommended,235600,11950970,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,noobkiller3579,"Muito loco, melhor splinter cell ate agora"
,Recommended,235600,2225034,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Aveelo,Best Splinter Cell ever make!
76561198018400230,Recommended,235600,10695113,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,negativeshade,"9.5/101. Good storyline (Great voice-acting)2. Freedom in playstyle (Assault, Assault/Stealth, Stealth)3. Immersive GameplayOne of the most immersive games I have played to-date."
,Recommended,235600,10516040,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,✪ Mazi2K - PREFIRE,Great game! Very time consuming though.
,Recommended,235600,10534608,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Roundaboot,"It's a game tha Ubisoft didn't♥♥♥♥♥♥itself while making, which makes it quite good.7/10"
76561198089660556,Not Recommended,235600,13756697,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,myten7,"This game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boring, I literally quitted and deleted it after 30 minutes of playing it."
,Not Recommended,235600,13675851,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr.Fishy,"The campaign is short and filled with bad AI, poorly scripted and required sequences and pulls you between stealth and action without a care for what you, the player, actually want to do. Even going into first person then back into third for moments of the game. The entire game is jaring and overall the story is simple. No major twists, the characters aren't built and while this is suppose to be an older sam fisher he is still learning to trust his team for the 5th game in a row. The entire thing feels like high school with high powered weapons and nuclear war edging on every turn. Hey if bad gameplay, horrible story and even worse characters are your thing then this is a 5/5 otherwise clearly a 1/5."
76561198053712034,Not Recommended,235600,13165764,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tbetthauser.uais,"after you finish the campaign and bonus missions this game is honestly the worst. unless you have a alienware,origin,or nividia computer you are at the bottom of the multiplayer food chain. it dosent help that there is no team balancing system also. my suggestion. dont waste your money unless you like playing campaign over and over again."
,Not Recommended,235600,13171094,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ridiculoud,"If it isn't for the hackers and glitches in game this would've been an excellent First/Third Shooter game.Hard to find games which requires 6 people minimum to start. Once the Host alt + f4 from the game (to leave/disconnect) the game ends, no reconnect or host transfer available in this game."
,Not Recommended,235600,13337266,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,"aye aye captain, oooooooh",Classic cliche terrorists in america story with a very boring and cocky Sam Fisher. No flavour to the game because you fight the same old enemies with no special moves besides the execution. The maps are almost always fairly linear and not very different. Nice customization though with a well enough choice of letal weapons but only 2 non lethal weapons. Buy this only on a sale for the 10 hours the campaign will take you. 5/10 very average.
76561198039442198,Not Recommended,235600,13839822,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,zXaV93RoXz,"The games not bad not good either Mission is exciting but multiplayer so hard to find a match and Unlockeble item there is two you can't unlock that is Alpha Goggle and Alpha Boots those two need Companion App which is the Spider Bot but that games is broken you can't login with Uplay and the Ubisoft is toooooooooooooo daaaaaaaaaamn lazy to fix a two year old game problem ,so yeah the game is decent they need to fix the companion app so that i can unlock those two item or just give me those."
76561198042873960,Recommended,235600,13840595,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Maj.Osama,"Amazing single player , feels good to come back to this series . 10/10"
,Recommended,235600,13840977,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WTF,"I like stealth game, but i'm not really a SC fan.Bought this game during Winter Promotion, quite worth the value.Not sure it is just me, the cutscenes a bit laggy, sometime hung awhile at starts.The keyboard hung problem still happened (only mouse pointer can move); I not sure what key I pressed, it from full screen becomes windows mode, then the keyboard will come alive again (but not all the times).Anyhow, this is a great game, great graphic; recommended to whom like stealth/action/3rd person shooting game."
76561198015269813,Recommended,235600,13841255,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,YourLocalHitman™,"Realy good game, but ofc online dont work.Coop dont work for♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197984728772,Recommended,235600,13842025,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jefe,"Highly recommended. Great stealth , very good combat. Extremely good for replayability - you can go back and replay individual missions thoughout the game changing playing style and difficulty level - and I like that very much. Story doesn't get in the way of action as it does in other games (Mass Effect, Deus Ex HR for example  get bogged down in too much dialogue). A bit heavy on the ethnic stereotypes though."
,Recommended,235600,13843895,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wholearmor,"One word, ""Awesome "". Playing the game solo is a rush all within it's self but however with a Teammate is an ingredient for mass-destruction Alot of NPC's will die.Download it, Play it see for youeself, find a friend to play with you in the champagne story mode. LOL...A LOT OF NPC'S WILL DIE.P.S. Uplay SUCKS yes you will have to insall F!@# Uplay"
,Not Recommended,235600,13848766,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Tiny Tom,- Installs Uplay which requires another account and activation of the CD-Key to play- Froze first time I tried playingWhat are Ubisoft doing?
76561198061414099,Not Recommended,235600,9088575,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Walrus,"Unplayable for me.The mouse controls by me at least are so laggy. it keeps just randomly stopping. it's not my hardware, the game has an OK framerate.Seems like another unsurprising bad pc port from ubisoft.oh and by the way. Thanks ubisoft for forcing me to use your slow, horrible platform every time i play a game from you. ive wasted so much time having to write my login information into your platform and waiting for it to launch. ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and ♥♥♥♥ uplay."
76561198135129668,Recommended,235600,13805990,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,last1standing50,i am only a portion of the way into the game and so far. The characters are reasonable but many are under-utilised and are only used as a source of information where as the tech guy (charlie Cole) who seems to be very energetic and is one of the very few sources of humour whilst also offering some intelligent feedback and advice. The gameplay runs smoothly  at ultra on my machine at ultra at 60+ fps. this game is not a terrible port however the controls can be extremely frustrating. For example the cover to cover system is good and when it works it is fantastic but most of the time i am unable too move too the cover that i want. However other mechanics play in well and are a welcomed new mechanic to the franchise. For example the execution meter which fills up when you take down enemies either stealthily or just getting into gunfights. It works by you marking your targets with alt (which is annoying occasionally) and then you press ctrl to execute it. you then go into slow motion and then your protagonist takes out the highlighted targets. this is useful for taking out a group of enemies. But note you have to be close enough too your targets which does not make it overpowered. Throughout the mission you should be looking for ammo crate as unless you are a stealth ninja who never uses a single bullet you will run out of ammo unbelievably fast and i wish that you would not have to do that as it gets frustrating when you get into a gunfight. Stealth is down well but guards walk past you and are easily fooled. You have a green light which turns on when you are in shadows which is extremely helpful as well. The story line is basically Skyfall's (the James Bond movie)where some terrorist has taken some information which contains the identity of American agents and they are now being executed. Because this has been used before it hasn't thrilled me too much so far but it may develop later on. I have not tried the multiplayer but from what ive heard it is unique and something that i should give a go.So far i would rate this game a 8/10 if you are just going to be stealthy but a 7/10 if like me you want to also have good gunfights.
,Not Recommended,235600,13806813,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,AWE300,"DO NOT BUY - DOESN'T EVEN STARTThis game is so damn buggy it won't even run- All ""solutions"" I found in various forums about the ""videoSettings.ini"" did nothing at all- The game exe doesn't do anything after starting.DO NOT BUY - Buggy and probably won't run at allThe other more than 100 Games in my Library do run, so I think it MIGHT be a problem with this one."
76561198137557186,Recommended,235600,13852517,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SkyrimWarlord8,"its a verry fun game its a mix of assassins creed and battlefiled its baced on stalth,combat and it is multyplayer,coop and third pirson"
,Not Recommended,235600,13853743,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Rok Solid,"Steam really needs a middle rating between yes and no, like a ""meh"" rating with a hand that is flat and wobbling back and forth.Fans of the series and genre I am sure will enjoy.For me though, too often the game felt like a chore to play rather than enjoyable, which for me is not what games are about. They are supposed to be fun. I don't mind a challenge and that may be why I went straight for the harder setting, but even then, you get the feeling that too often the game wants all out combat and it just ins't made for it, it is made for stealth. There is a small section of FPS in the campaign and it was fun, and if all the action scenes were like this it would have been much better, but then that isn't really fitting to the game.I like that it is punishing and difficult, but the checkpoint save system doesn't always work well, and often you find yourself stuck in what needs to take time and is a long section to get not very far, and dying or getting caught etc near the end. This sorta means that I didn't like that it's difficult, by the end I wished I played it on Normal difficulty just to enjoy it more and make it less taxing. Basically it is made more frustrating and difficult by checkpoints being just further than comfort allows.Good+Graphics+Story+Voice acting+Stealth mechanicsAverage-General game experience won't be remembered fondly-Decisions that feel like game turning points don't really feel important in the end-Is fun as much as it is frustratingBadX Forced combat doesn't feel right or fit the game wellX Feels like a chore to play to oftenX Doesn't focus on what the game is good at enoughThough I would say worth playing, certainly for me it isn't worth the $39.95 asking price, even the sale price I picked it up for would be ok at anything under $5. But once you start talking this sort of money any game is worth two cans of coke really.Overall I just can't recommend out of the amount I didn't enjoy it, over how much I actually did enjoy it."
76561198116418575,Recommended,235600,13857161,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,m0a0k0e,Great Tom Clancy's game I highly recommend this game for someone who wants a challenge and needs to use strategies to hunt and kill the enemy
76561198002589549,Recommended,235600,13707620,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[1MAN]Diss_Missile,Ghost man kill terrorist scum. Tis goodly for the soul.
,Recommended,235600,13708041,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,outermostjeff,its good not the best 6/10
76561198071132347,Recommended,235600,13709429,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Main 1,"In terms of in game gameplay, this is the best 'Splinter Cell' game that has been released. I highly reccommnend buying this game but only if you can get past playing through a predictably boring story.Unfortunately, the upgrade system seems to be tacked on at the last minute and it severely lacks any sort of depth to make it actually interesting.All of the weapon upgrades seem to be left behind as you progress and you'll more than likely just play with suppressors on your weapons as there's really no need to use anything else... upgrading your plane also seems to be another tacked on feature too with also no depth. The currency is also a tacked on feature.I wish the developers would have concentrated more on what gives a game some depth, rather than pumping all of their focus into graphics and motion capture.But, don't get me wrong, it's a fun game to play but I feel like it's a rather lack-luster release because it doesn't try to do anything different.If you're a fan of the older games or stealth games in general, I think you may agree with the points I've made after playing it for quite some time.Unfortunately, it's not exactly a game that makes me want to come back and play it again out of choice as it's all been done before."
,Recommended,235600,13709822,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mathenix,The best Splinter Cell game i've played. Now waiting for The Division.
76561198059307499,Recommended,235600,7309896,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Seni0rKanard0,genial il dechire
76561198013462088,Recommended,235600,13735259,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ixyst,Spies vs Mercs is back. Im a huge fan of Pandora Tomorrow and Chaos Theory spies vs mercs and i can honestly say this one does well. So this gets my +1.A much more balanced form of the multiplayer. Controls are hard to get used to.  The multiplayer has a learning curve to get past. There is a meta game to learn and study. New players can be intimidated but really fun once you get into and and if you are the competetitive type.
76561198067897151,Recommended,235600,13736238,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Killerrush,Both singleplayer and co-op modes are great :D
,Recommended,235600,13741422,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Skippy,You've never actually experienced this game's full excitment and fun factor until you and two of your friends play Spy v. Merc at 2:30 in the morning.10/10 Would deprive sleep again.
,Recommended,235600,13742155,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,desi k,Soooo much fun. Can't wait to go back and 100% it!
,Recommended,235600,13686703,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dingle,"Very interresting game in my opinion. I've had tonnes of fun with this game and I was really surprised with what they did with the game, compared to other Splinter Cell games. The game features your classic stealth elements that you've seen in other Splinter Cell games. Getting an overview of the area and planning your route ahead with more than enough free-to-choose-from options to go around. You'll find yourself playing through the missions plenty of times to have tried out all of the different ways to go about getting to your objective.Now in this Splinter Cell game you are also sometimes given the option to go loud, if that's the way you want to tackle the mission. Being detected does not mean failure as you can hide from the enemies until they reach a less alert state.When you have completed a mission you are given points that match up to your playstyle. You can avoid enemies completely, have stealth takedowns or go guns blazing. You are then afterwards shown stats as to how many enemies you've avoided, how many enemies you've taken down, and so on.All in all this is a great game. Especially also with the multiplayer which I've been playing alot aswell.I would give this game 9/10Go check it out, and experience it for yourself!"
76561197970501749,Recommended,235600,13693745,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,redweed,"Some people do not like what the series has evolved into, and despise the lock-on-and-kill mechanic. I've also heard many complaints about the drone ruining the experience and making everything far too easy.I disagree with pretty much all of that and would say at below a tenner this game was well worth and as it currently stands in the Christmas sale below a fiver this game is well desrving of a place in your libary.My main gripes with the game would be it's lacklustre story, the hub system feels pointless and contrived and some missions can only be completed in co-op.I have no opinion on the multiplayer element as I never tried it. But if it is anything like the previous games mechanics I would say it is enjoyable and also worth some of your time, and as usual, best played with friends."
,Recommended,235600,13697576,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dusk,"Fantastic Splinter cell game. Although the graphics are a bit old its still Fun, and most of all the missions are playable. WHO CARES ABOUT GRAPHICS When you have ALOT Of content here to enjoy and unlock.RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,235600,13765828,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Shaktor ✠ | Halldénen 2k17,10/10 Sometimes dead enemies can be vibrating. Otherwise superb stealthgame!
,Recommended,235600,13829525,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Abbccc,Best Stealth Series to exist.
,Recommended,235600,13710716,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tinky Big Winky,"Amazing game. Love the multiplayer and the co-op, but the multiplayer has an issue that only the blacklist mode and team deathmatch have players, but on a blue moon people play the classic mode too. Also the multiplayer is full of mlg quickscopers who know what the game is. Makes me cry. Other than that it's a great game with a compelling campaign that has three diferent paths Sam can go down, The Ghost, which is all about avoiding combat and non leathal takedowns, The Panther, which focuses on silent killing and the Combat which you can guess for yourself. IGN aproves 9/10 its ok ;)"
,Not Recommended,235600,13711296,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Scottish One,"I do not recommend this game if you have a monitor with a 21:9 aspect ratio. The game has options for both the aspect ratio and the ultrawide resolution, yet they make no difference from the 16:9 counterpart."
76561198141801719,Recommended,235600,13711914,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HaanSolo21,"love the game.. and for 7,49 .. just buy it"
,Recommended,235600,10938607,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheSmuggler,"Well, I'm gonna keep it short.Single-Player => goodCo-Op => goodMulti-Player => OH GOD NO, BURN IT WITH FIRE!While SP and Co-Op can be very entertaining, with a decent story, although sometimes rather easy or boring, the MP is just horrible. Why, you might ask? well... Matchmaking, simple as that. Matchmaking continuously ruins my personal MP experience due to completely unfair matches and such. probably 95 out of a 100 matches end up with either a random clan or organized lobby on the enemy team, or simply players with full level. So unless you can bring along a full suite of 4 friends to play against random players online (or maybe even up to 8 people for a private match), you'll end up having one hell of a painful time trying to play, being either melee'd by an enemy (even though you've been mashing the melee key ~20 times 3 to 5 seconds beforehand), getting insta-melee'd upon spawning (yes, there is NO spawn protection, so if you're out of luck, you might end up with waiting ~20 seconds to spawn, then instantly getting melee'd and then having to wait another ~20 seconds) or simply being unable to find good spots on the map to hide/ambush/fight from due to half of the enemy team knowing most of the spots already (most likely, unless they havent bothered with it).If you're looking for a good SP and/or Co-Op game, buy this now!If you're looking for an enjoyable MP experience, either hope you have better luck than me, or bring along enough friends. Otherwise, avoid this like it would give you cancer, AIDS and Black Death all at once."
76561198057309169,Recommended,235600,10939092,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chunk,Great fun
,Recommended,235600,10941733,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tox,"If you liked the Splinter Cell series so farm you will love this game as well. If you like FPS and you liked Splinter Cell, you will love this game as well."
,Recommended,235600,10962214,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sovereign,"I enjoyed this game.  Sure, there were a few gripes I had here and there but overall I definitely think I stole it for $10.00.I enjoyed the gameplay mechanics a lot.  I thought that the keyboard/mouse handled the game well for the most part, but it the game does show certain areas that were truly designed for a controller.  The stealth component was largely intact although nowhere near as stealthy as the first splinter cell.  There were some segments of the game where you were forced to do things that I really didn't think Sam Fisher would ever do in those situations.  The gun play was tight and the game had a fairly good weapon selection.  I've always been a good fan of the game series putting emphases on pistol gameplay and this game follows through with that again.  One thing I found kind of annoying about the gun play were killing the AIs wearing helmets.  Even if you hit them in the face or chin, one shot always counts to remove the helmet and then another to get the headshot.  Kinda silly especially when you hit an AI in the chin and hear a helmet 'dink' noise.There was only one really buggy part of the game and that was at the end. For whatever reason I can't see the ending cinematic once I beat the game, and only the audio comes through.  I played the last mission twice and it did this both times.  This was a crumby way to the end game, but not the end of the world I suppose.I can't review the multiplayer because it really does not exist in the fact that nobody is playing it.  Despite it being on the best seller list for the summer sale, I could not connect to a single game after multiple attempts.Overall I think it was a pretty decent game, especially for the price.  Buy it if you're looking for a good single player experience, with a typical but none the less solid story.  If you're looking for a stealth multiplayer or something of the sort, look elsewhere.  Also, the game runs  pretty well on PC and the bugs, tearing, clipping, etc were minimal, at least for me."
,Recommended,235600,10929639,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zzwopp,this is a great game .fantastic grahics. story line works well for the kind of game it is.if you want a game where you can sneak up on your enemy and take them out close and personal or pick them off at a safe distance ..this game covers that and much more.10/10 in my books ...play it and enjoy the high tech gadgetry and challanging levels in locations around the world.
76561198044303376,Recommended,235600,10929674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DarkKnight6989,It has been quite some time since I've played a stealth game. I grew up loving the Metal Gear Solid series and Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. This game brings such an incredible amount of nostalgia to me.Whar I love about Blacklist is that you don't have to play strictly stealth. Want to run and gun? Want to use grenades to distract? Want to silently take out enimies? Want to remain undetceted?I can already tell there will be a high amount of replayabiloty with this game.
,Recommended,235600,10930402,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dissmaster,"Finally a decent Splinter Cell again.The controls are not very different from Convicition, but the gameplay is.Sam Fisher is badass as ever.The Multiplayer is pretty fun too."
,Recommended,235600,10931754,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Potato,"such wow, such splinter"
76561198031646481,Recommended,235600,10641108,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,yewhoo,The depth and details of the game is at a level where you need to strategize to complete a mission at the best possible scenario. Highly entertaining and addictive. It's one of the best game of its genre. Ubisoft has continued to keep this franchise at its best.
,Recommended,235600,8944195,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Only-One Cannoli,♥♥♥♥ing baller as hell.
,Recommended,235600,10642586,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NJHL.Lunarrr,"good game, nice stealth"
76561198057994287,Recommended,235600,10631267,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,pwlauzon56,Best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory by far. The only real downside is the lack of Michael Ironside but that's not reason enough to miss out on the game.
,Recommended,235600,10607168,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Stanley,"Nice addition to the Splinter Cell series. No longer a ""Shoot the light"" simulator, stealth relies more on sneaking past the enemies when they are not looking, and shadows are just an aid. The main problem I had with Conviction was the execution system, which made it far too easy, this game handles that pretty well though. You can either turn it off completely, or if you still wish to use, there are more enemies with helmets which prevent you from just headshotting everyone with your aimbot :D The executions during movement are also a nice addition, I don't use them much but whenever I do see an occassion, they come in handy, before you would have to move in a unconvenient way to have all of the marked enemies flag up as in-range for execution, but now you can just run foward while executing, giving the whole thing a nice, fluent feel.The game supports 3 play styles - Loud, stealth and sneaky sneaky lethal. The gear is split up into 3 different categories matching these play styles, none of which is punishing or more rewarding than others(apart from maybe the loud one, which will result in reinforcements in certain missions, but if you gonna pick that play style then more people to shoot at will just make it more fun, right?)The multiplayer is alright as well, not as hard to find other players as conviction but still pretty deserted. And the merc vs spy game mode sounds great but doesn't really play as fun as you'd think.I found myself enjoying the Spy side more than the merc one, the first person elements in this game are awful. Aside from that the Merc side is pretty much ""Plant mine @ terminal"", then have one of the spies run into the mine so that his team mate can hack it after the mine was ""defused"" hue hue.Overall I'd stay away from the Merc game mode, unless you REALLY wanna play it, seems like the weakest part of this game, yet one of the things people were most looking foward to. Side missions are also split up into 3 sections to match the play style, so there should be something for everyone. As far as the main campaign goes its alright, the levels are fun but the plot itself is just yet another ""Murrica under attack, must save nao"".This thing also lacks maps bad. 14 hours and I've done it all. No kidding. Yup I still have some gear to unlock, some missions to improve on, HVTs to capture and laptops to crack, but unless you are really after getting your games completed 100% this game wont last you long :(Pick it up if you want, its good game on its own. Lacks a bit of content, so its rather short but other than that its a solid addition to this franchise. Doesn't dictate how you should play, gives you enough freedom and proves challenging on higher difficulty levels."
76561197996140320,Recommended,235600,10814129,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grim,"single player is bad @$$ just like always with splinter cell.  the co-op is great,  wide variety of missions, and the multiplayer is actually super fun.   so far , i haven't found a problem with this game.   worth every penny"
76561198046794203,Recommended,235600,10814599,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pinjin,mike
,Recommended,235600,10814629,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Toxic,its a good game but im not very good at it since im used to playing games like this on consele
,Recommended,235600,10815398,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kilroy,I have played alot of stealth games and this one takes the cake
,Not Recommended,235600,10815435,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HP Zalak,"This game has some bad consoleitis, from having only autosaves to starting out thinking your playing with a control. To sneak you have to attach your self to a wall otherwise your eneimes will spot you ever time. But to use the wall slides is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It also adds crap like points popping up for getting kills and other objectives. I only played abit but as of yet the story also is pretty damn bad compared to the old splinter cell games. But whats worse of all is the level design makes it feel like am playing a corridor shoot. To put the cherry on top of all that pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft thougth it was a good idea to add a second layer of drm on top of steam. If your in the mood for a corridor shooter/ assasin creed then this is your game I guess. But if your a fan of the old splinter cell games dont bother buying it."
,Recommended,235600,14422052,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Pickled Ginger,"Brill game, first one i have played since chaos theory. A few things taken out since then like the wall splitz but still a good game, exicute mode is awsome for when you keep missing your shots and the stealth takedown leathal and non-leathal are so fun 9/10Quick edit why the ♥♥♥♥ does this have to be on uplay everyone hates it"
76561198082454560,Recommended,235600,7525742,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,EntrancedJam,sweeet game
76561197974335228,Not Recommended,235600,14492493,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,semialert,"very glitchy, often erases saved games"
76561198062856452,Recommended,235600,14551701,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,OpenMik2,"""I thought it was silenced""*Exit game*"
76561198117267513,Recommended,235600,14552027,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joelski,Great game!!
,Not Recommended,235600,14577299,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,6rd,"This is ubisoft trash.  I installed this game about 2 years ago, and for reasons I can't remember deleted it.  I don't recall playing the game at all.  I decided just last week to give it a proper play and I cannot even get into the game.  It is asking for the ubisoft account I originally used to log into the game with.  I have absolutely no idea what that might be as the email accounts and passwords I DO know don't work, and after about 5 tries it locks you out from even contacting the UPlay servers.Never again will I EVER buy another Ubisoft game."
,Recommended,235600,14577355,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Tony,"Great game, worth every penny"
76561197990202134,Recommended,235600,13295536,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Teti,"Best splinter cell game I've ever played. Very good replayability, since there's 3 types of combat method, you can play 3 times each level differently."
,Recommended,235600,13396781,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DannyRodriguez,I loved it. I went for a non-lethal playthrough and that made it extra challenging and fun. The multiplayer is also very addicting and fun!
76561198078299443,Recommended,235600,13398459,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Nukke92,"great game! hard to get used to the controls but once you master it, it gets very easy and you can start doing some pretty cool stuff in both multiplayer and singleplayer.9/10"
76561198078471680,Recommended,235600,13213234,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ッ,"Very good game with awesome graphics, story line and quality."
76561198003854215,Recommended,235600,13262931,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TX Death,Absolutely LOVE this game! Played through 4x now and I'm still finding new things...One of my all time favs and neck and neck with Chaos Theory.
,Recommended,235600,13251295,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,F.I.a.T.H,"I'm a big fan of sneaking, stabbing, shooting from the dark and hiding bodies. I also like the Splinter Cell games as well!Though I loved every minute of this game, it felt much more like ""gung-ho action all out firey barrels of blazing glory bang bang bang"" style of gameplay was much less penalizing than in previous entries to the series, and that stealth was less of a necessity and more of an ""option"".Still, if you like Sam Fisher; buy it. If you like Third Person Shooters; buy it."
76561198002819157,Not Recommended,235600,13354890,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Arvid,"Load Steam. Launch Blacklist. Load Uplay. Launch Blacklist again. Go back to Steam. Load Blacklist.And -- here's the best part! -- the game's so buggy it's virtually unplayable. According to Steam I've logged over 70 minutes, but most of that time was spent staring at loading screens and setting the graphics to the absolute lowest -- which didn't help.What I *did* play -- admittedly very little -- felt unimpressive. I've always thought Ubisoft's games are sort of... empty. Nice to look at, but lacking in gameplay.I doubt I'll be buying any more Ubisoft titles, not until they get rid of Uplay."
76561198004397902,Recommended,235600,13376211,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,C#,"A modern Chaos Theory; if you like stealth or action, you owe it to yourself to get Blacklist."
76561198054603987,Recommended,235600,13380484,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Okarin,"It is a buggy game and doesn't have the best multiplayer, because NO ONE plays online. However the gameplay is not bad, actually I played it cause of the gameplay and i wasn't dissapointed."
76561197970474192,Recommended,235600,13380602,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jmpreston,"""Blacklist"" is the Best Splinter Cell game so far...+ Visually and aurally spectacular. From a luxury yacht with a disco lounge to a petroleum plant on the Louisina coast, everything just looks right in Blacklist. It's so easy to get realism wrong (and everyone to trot out their favorite barely-understood phrase ""uncanny valley""), but this game just looks and sounds excellent+ More diverse gameplay. By explicitly embracing 3 different game modes, each level has been designed to support different play styles. It's great fun to go back to levels you now know and try them in different ways.+ Strong story and performances. The story is the expected ""a madman wants to plunge us into World War 3!"", but it's really the relationship among Sam and his team that is so well done. Don't skip the dialog scenes!+ Meta game works. Excellent progression and unlock system allows you to buy what you want mostly when you want it. The challenge system is also a powerful incentive to try different play styles+ Lots of content. I'm probably 30+ hours in and have barely scratched multiplayer. I could easily spend 70 - 80 hours mastering the levels in the different styles. And multiplayer is, quite literally, endless.What I didn't care for...- Co-Op. Too much emphasis on Co-Op outside of MP. There are entire levels of the game (Briggs levels) that require co-op. But honestly, I don't really like to Co-Op with internet randoms, so I missed those levels.- The AI is sometimes oscillates between truly unaware and hyper aware. Particularly on some of the later Embassy waves the enemies on the other side of the map instantly know when you've silently thrown a grenade- DLC was weak. But I'm just trying to think of things to say here. Seriously, it is a fantastic game and I'm sorry I was so late to the party."
,Not Recommended,235600,13361179,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Lomac,Great concept for a game. Ruined by Uplay. Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,235600,13275967,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Madcow,All it manages to do is to make you miss Chaos Theory. At least it is better than conviction and double agent. On the other hand those games were terrible and not very hard to outdo.
76561198126746811,Recommended,235600,14907054,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,danieldym,OK HELLO....I FIRST WANT TO SAY WHAT THE F***......I F**ING WAITED A LONG TIME AND SUDDENLY WHEN I WANT TO PLAY THE CAMPAIGN....THE GAME CRASHES AT THE LOADING SCREEN MISSION ONE PLZ HELP REPAIR THE GAME PLZ
76561197982599581,Recommended,235600,14995293,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gubbas,Played throug on the PS3 and now running it through on the PC.  Wonderful fun! Try to do it all ghost style. PC version is 10x better!
76561197971763391,Recommended,235600,14995548,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Balls Deep,Great challenging game worthy of my time. Picked it up on sale makes it even better. Looks great. Responsive mouse control unlike Ghost recon which is sloppy.  Highly recommend.
76561198122336885,Recommended,235600,14941955,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sianpomona,Love It! Money well spent
,Recommended,235600,14942451,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Rev,"Tactical slides, near infinite enemy respawns in cramped map, bashing doors instead of picking up bodies, ragdoll physics glitchier than dead space 3, overpowered weapons and ez moneyAmazing game"
76561198069465749,Recommended,235600,15006427,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,alex471996,yes
,Recommended,235600,15090859,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Archer,"First off let me just say when people comment saying how it  wasnt that much of a stealth action game  and that they ruined the franchise and how the other splinter cell games were better i played and beat some of the other ones and this one is the best splinter cell that was ever made if the gameplay was changed a little well im glad that it was. the way they changed it made me feel more bad A♥♥ so it was a good conversion the structure of the game was better than all the other ones. this game is one of my favorites on my steam library, get this game it will feel wierd to play and a bit hard to control during the first time you play but give it a little time and youll feel like a pro the music is also 10000% better than all of the other games.  100/10"
76561198154849692,Recommended,235600,15094045,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Bengall,"Good game, expected more challenge and longer story!"
,Recommended,235600,15026804,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Muttalip™,"This game is good in every aspect. Maybe this is not like splinter cell 1 or Chaos Theory, sure they had the best taste. But Blacklist just offers you more gameplay routines, you're bored by going soundless all the time? Bring that assault rifle with you and start shooting. Yes, it's not suits Sam Fisher, yes it is not how splinter cell should be. But we still have stealth don't we? Also, don't hesitate to use that karambit, because Sam surely knows how to make art with it."
76561198017433395,Not Recommended,235600,15029076,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bustanutler,Great game if it would actually save your progress.
76561198059217454,Recommended,235600,15029360,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Uncle Tom's Cabin,"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell franchise has ultimately culminated into a shining, smooth, fluid gem that is Splinter Cell: Blacklist. That's not to say the game is without flaws, but overall, Blacklist is enticing enough to where even I, a relatively casual fan to the franchise, keep coming back for more.Gameplaywise, the game is superb and offers players many different routes to complete their objectives, and though the story line is a little linear, it is very interesting and well acted by the cast (though we will all miss Michael Ironside).Overall, this game gets an 8/10, a very decent game and worth checking out"
,Recommended,235600,14933208,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BillyTheKid,I find this game pretty good and very fun to play with a friend in coop! There are some of those waste of time missions without all the equipment shame they are boring and a waste like cut scenes. This is not a long game and I would not get it unless on sale.
,Recommended,235600,15012026,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,vortexc4,it didn't tell me te access code please help!
76561198116337643,Not Recommended,235600,15019717,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Groundskeeper Willie,THERE IS A LOT OF BUGS.REALY I CANT DO THE FIRST LEVEL
,Not Recommended,235600,15021521,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,g0ld,"Co-Op is completely broken for my friend and I, despite spending hours changing ports, opening the router's dmz, changing graphics settings (for whatever stupid ♥♥♥♥ing reason) and so on.Don't waste your money on this pile of trash, this game does not provide what it advertises.♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft, never again."
76561198132915325,Recommended,235600,26331288,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TheOutSpokenGamer,"Splinter Cell Blacklist; A unique and fun Stealth game that delivers hours of entertainment and scrathes the stealth genre itchIntroI first went in to this game expecting nothing, no expectations and only a few memories of playing past Splinter Cell games, i was hardly a long time series fan and was just interested in a good stealth game. What i got was so much more. This game is plain and simple; a good game. I feel obligated to make this review due to the fact so many negative reviews are being made about the DRM and Uplay.ProsEngaging CampaignThe campaign in this game is pretty entertaining, and requires minimal knowledge of past Splinter Cell games. The dialouge although at times a little cheesy is funny, interesting and leaves the player feeling engaged with the story. Even if you are not a story gamer, and just want as much fun as possible, the level designs, atmosphere and mechanics of the missions are really well done and offer a good amount of replay for future playthroughs.Fluid GameplayThe controls are very simple (on a controller) unfortunately they may not be so smooth on a Mouse and Keyboard, however if using a controller, i found the gameplay to be buttery smooth. Easy transition from running on the ground, to jumping on walls and leaping down on an unsuspecting enemy. All with a few minimal buttons. The game feels nice thats all to really say.Spies Vs MercsI know some people have some beef with this game mode, it really depends on person to person but i found this game mode to be fresh and exciting. HOWEVER, if you are teaming up with randoms you may have a lesser experience. I seriously reccomend going in with a friend, if you can't then i highly reccomend meeting some people and asking to team up. That's not to say you can't have any fun with randoms, but it's nothing like having someone to communicate with. Luckily there is a built in Chat feature which will make it easier to meet people and communicate.Progression/Unlock SytemSo, the way this game works is you earn cash by completing missions, extracting HVTs, completing matches and other various activites. With this cash you can purchase various upgrades and weapons and even outfits. The sytem makes earning money and weapons much easier and it's hardly a grind at all unless you are going for completionist.Co-OpCo-Op missions really make this game shine, if you are a serious player, who is all about call outs, strategy and getting the mission done or a player seeking some fun and just wanting to goof around with friends, this game is for you! The Co-Op mode is amazing. There is plenty of things for both  types of players. Sometimes, the most serious gamers will find themselves laughing with there friends as the most random and hillarious events occur. The most fun seeking players may also find themselves pulling off crazy tactical scenarios like they were made for it! Grab a friend and play through some of the most entertaining missions this game has to offer!ConsAs much as i enjoy/like this game. I do have to admit there are a few cons, however this is mostly informative and for the most part should not dissuade you from getting the game.Uplay DRMThe biggest flaw this game has, is the fact that even if you buy the game on Steam, it will launch it through Uplay. If you have never used Uplay you will need to make an account and link your Steam. However this does not mean you can't launch the game on Steam, as soon as you do launch it on Steam, it will open up Uplay and launch the game automatically. The proccess just takes a little longer. This also means when you invite friends, you have to invite them through Uplay, however Uplay does have an overlay like steam so it's not that much different. In fact most of the flaws are just from Uplay DRM. Once you get past setting up an account on Uplay and getting the game to launch, it hardly effects anything.ConclusionI honestly think this game is worthy of a purchase. If you can buy it on sale, i highly reccomend it. Even if you miss a sale i would still consider this game if you are looking for a fun Stealth game.I would give this game a....8/10"
76561198107615333,Recommended,235600,26295580,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,the NINTH ART,Reanlly an aswsome game to play the co-op with ur friends ~
76561198010111637,Recommended,235600,26275605,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Slim Saltine,If you can get the ubisoft powerd multiplayer to work its a phenominal game. definatly pick up on sale.
76561197990895943,Recommended,235600,1295894,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Tmangus,"One of the best Splinter Cell games to date, much like Chaos theory but better in my opinion. Shame Michael Ironside didn't do the voice acting for Sam Fisher, but dont let that put you off. This has everything a Splinter Cell game should have and more! Love it, straight 9 out of 10 from me, and thats coming from someone who's played them all since day one. Grab it now or on offer, I have the standard version but wish id picked up the special"
,Recommended,235600,25773650,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mobit80,"While it's not necessarily the greatest stealth game of all time, it is still by far one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,235600,25765782,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Big Knife,It's good.
,Recommended,235600,15869684,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Drunk,Definitely 1 of the best stealth games in the market!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235600,23258343,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,scathe,This game is actually amazing. It is the first Tom Clancy's game I have ever played and it is 100% worth it. I got it on sale for 7$ but I would pay the full ammount. No doubt I will be buying the others if they come out with any. I have not completed the game yet and I have played on Rookie. From what I know the game only has like 12 missions which sucks but you can increase the difficulty and such as well. Anyways in closure I give it 10/10!
76561198057077278,Recommended,235600,30741385,Posted: 25 March,all,lifbrngr,Cannot get controller to work. I want my money back. *edit*I got the game to work after a few Uninstall/reinstall sessions. So this game is playing very well. Great setup.
76561198011211590,Recommended,235600,17654993,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Gorno,Enjoyable stealth game.  Enjoyable acting.  Really hope one of my friends buys it so I can try the coop missions.
76561198041134599,Not Recommended,235600,26341315,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Teemu,0/5 multiplayer doesnt work
76561198088632295,Recommended,235600,26392601,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mayo4life,The replay value is there. Nicely done!
,Recommended,235600,26379694,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Chicken Bot,"I recomend because it is a good game, but it's not a good splinter cell game.Conviction and blacklist feels like a new team just took the ideas that made the previous games great and did their own spin offs, but it feels like they have never played any of the old splinter cell games.Blacklist is a good game don't get me wrong, the gameplay is smooth, there's quite a bit of loadouts customization you can do, the A.I. is suprisingly smart, but the gameplay just feels a bit too fast and lose, almost as if Sam fisher is a supersoldier.The biggest gripe any old splinter cell vet will have in this game and where the game fails, the character Sam fisher, is just not the Sam, in the old version, Sam was a very interesting character, and he did not enjoy violence feeling as if violence should be used only as last resort, in these newer versions he just feels so bloodthirty, specially in the cutscenes seems like he's always about to snap and kill someone, also the story takes itself far to seriously and it comes to a point where Sam team is killing non-enemies for AMERICA! and it's not like you have a choice in these either.This is a pet peeve of mine is the animations, the lethal animations are very satisfying i will say that but holy hell does sam take his sweet time cutting the throats of his enemies it's some seriously gruesome stuff at times also the animations for crouching in old splinter cell games he looks and feels like someone with military training with his hand always above the gun holster like his always ready to pull the gun but in these new ones it's like he forgot all that military training and waves the pistol around like a dumb kid, or how he aims the gun in blacklist, it's like a gangstar with  poor gun training(he actually likes to hold the pistol sideways a lot.)Anyway looking for a fun stealth game go for it, but if you are looking for that ""extra"" challenge in stealth games, i highly recomend Chaos Theory, despite it's age that game actually makes you feel like Special military unit."
76561198161159527,Recommended,235600,26395565,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Crosser,It a good game but use a lot of graphic card so i understand that because it have many objects but it fun to play with friends and graphic is good too
76561198015777054,Not Recommended,235600,26395700,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jacobie,"Liked:1. Scoring for different play styles2. Store line was okay, not as good as Double Agent or ConvictionDisliked:1. Game glitched at end and I didn't get to see the ending cut scenes2. Heavy soldiers to hard to kill3. Could not chain take downs together4. Playing as Briggs didn't have the same camera view as playing as Fisher. Also, could not customize gear for BriggsWorth playing if on sale, but otherwise recommend Double Agent or Conviction instead."
76561198204841260,Recommended,235600,27209702,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Forse,....
76561198333087060,Recommended,235600,27187494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MAVericK ✪,tense good action game
76561198044434793,Recommended,235600,27234799,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spoder_Snake,really good game and thats why:-good story-fun gameplay-reall stealth game
,Recommended,235600,27256239,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sc00ty2Sp00ky,its a cute
,Recommended,235600,27252969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,asscadia seduction bone,"The multiplayer gameplay in Blacklist is completely unrivaled. I've never seen the asymmetric spies vs. mercs style in any other game. It's intense, strategic, and really really fun."
,Not Recommended,235600,13460692,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,belcher24717,I really do love this game. Leaps and bounds better than Conviction... But.. But.. Uplay
,Recommended,235600,13461891,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rated R Caparoni,"Awesome game , Story is a little bit short but its a decent one,The Port is good , online is dead now , and coop is amazing if u have a friend u can play with , 8/10 Worth buying ."
76561198132802205,Recommended,235600,13466623,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,naveenakshatra,"Splinter Cell Blacklist for all its flaws still shines as a part of the Splinter Cell series.It has flaws, but they are usually remedied by some forum advice and a chuckle. The difficulty is interesting. I don't mind a difficult game if it puts me back half-way through the level. Imagine spending at least a half-hour getting into position to be glanced at by a guard and then have to restart the entire level. You may enjoy that the first 50 times, but after that it becomes aparent that old-school non-checkpoint saving is painful!It is immersive and gorgeous to the eyes in many levels Especially the level in Iraq where you are walking through a river into a mountain habitat. It has gaggles of gagets, weapons, and ways to dispach your enemy. In the flying base Paladin you are able to use points gained from missions to buy new options in mission, weapons, gagets, and many more.Overall, I would say this is an excellent game and I would recommend a purchase especially as it has come down in price. There are games out there that cost at least $30-40 and don't offer as much as this game. It is underrated by die-hard old-school guys but deserves appreciation on its own terms."
,Recommended,235600,13572795,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,David,"I loved every second of this game so far! If you want a challenging stealth/action game then this is for you. You can complete the missions any way you want (I prefer stealth, as it's more intense and challenging). At the moment, I'm playing on realistic mode (2nd most difficult) which makes the game twice as more satisfying  for every enemy you take down. Love this game! One of my favourite stealth games!"
76561198104627294,Recommended,235600,13613567,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Apocrysis,"This Game is Perfect for those who love Stealth Style games, and the best its CO-OP missions!"
,Not Recommended,235600,13516886,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mind if we dance wit yo dates,"The gameplay is pretty good apart from the sections where the designers force ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and late-game QTEs on you for the sake of narrative.  Speaking of narrative, the ending blacked out on me and I had to watch it on YouTube.  The Uplay DRM also causes frequent stuttering where sound will continue to play but the rest of the engine hangs.  It's not game-breaking but you will notice it.  Finally, it has the stupid Unreal Engine surround sound bug that hates my Logitech G35 headphones.Buy it at 50% off or more."
,Recommended,235600,13621298,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gorghette,A really good game for a really good serie. One of my favorites! I hope there wil come more!
76561197972442730,Not Recommended,235600,13624527,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,irspiff,"It's just not fun having to repeat the same mission over and over and over and over. There is no manual save, if you get caught, start over. If you raise an alarm start over. Some levels have 3 areas you have to get through, make one mistake and guess what? Your starting all over from the begining..... I uninstalled."
76561197993890581,Recommended,235600,13595803,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,{FITH}™ Bombaata,"I highly recommend this game.  The missions are challenging if you try to complete them on stealth mode.  The side missions are especially challenging on the higher levels.  You should complete these first to get money to get better weapons and gear.  If you are a dog lover as I am, you are going to get into a mindset playing this game hating the dogs.  On the challenge missions, the dogs are your worst enemies as the A.I. of the dogs seem to be smarter than the humans that you face.  If the enemy discovers you, it is difficult to escape them as they do a good job cutting off your escape routes.  Some of main missions could be longer but you really have to take your time not being discovered.  Overall, it is a great game."
,Not Recommended,235600,13646352,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Buckman,♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Recommended,235600,13653055,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Caffeine,Most fun I've had in a SC game since Chaos Theory! I love the addition of the panther playstyle (instead of full on assault or ghost style).
,Recommended,235600,13659872,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NulldB,"Great game. I love it. Work well with a Logitech F710 controller. My only critisism is that there is hardly ever anyone online to play multiplayer, oh and Uplay. I wish it was just using steam would of been much better"
,Not Recommended,235600,14286112,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,reconwarrior21,"Owned it for two years, barely got it to run for a couple weeks before it quit running. Multiplayer never worked once, plagued with crashes in single player, and Ubisoft Support is about as useful as a brick to the face. Speaking of, theyre now trying to tell me the Steam version isnt a legitamite copy of the game... Good luck if you intend to buy it."
76561198065760889,Recommended,235600,19700567,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,puppehs,"Great game, it has graphics"
,Not Recommended,235600,19704064,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,phnm,"Great single player game.But DO NOT buy this game for the multiplayer, you'll be extremely disappointed. With this amount of cheaters, CS:GO feels like game that doesn't have cheaters at all. Multiplayer is dead and Ubi is doing exactly nothing about it."
76561198041393835,Recommended,235600,19622800,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Zorbak1,"Fantastic Game, other than a few technical issues, it's been one of the most fun games i've played in a long time.  I like to switch up playing styles, and play the game at the Realistic setting.  If you can get through and entire level at realistic without harming anyone, it feels like a real accomplishment.On Modern systems, you can crank up the graphics with 4xTXAA, and sharpen the AA using sweetfx, and the game looks incredible in places."
,Not Recommended,235600,19324620,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lewd Dude,"So... after playing this game solo for like 4 hours or so, I decided to give coop a shot. I told my brother to download this game so we could hunt 'terrorists' together. Turns out the 'Invite' system is bugged. He doesn't receive my invites, I can't receive his. We've both tried doing coop with random people and that works just fine. I don't care for Mutliplayer, but I can't even play coop with my brother because Ubisoft is too damn lazy to fix their damn issues?Negative review for me.Very unsatisfied.Don't get me wrong, the single player is fun... but what about Coop and Multiplayer?Nope."
,Recommended,235600,19835198,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JustSomeGuy,"THIS ISN'T SAM FISHER.THIS IS SOMEONE ELSE PRETENDING TO BE SAM FISHER.But ignoring that, this is a good game gameplay wise and you'll have some fun, buy it on sale if at all possible.UPlay is a thing that you have to do with this game, just keep that in mind."
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,235600,19719837,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kecoey,Steam won't post my real review. So here it is:http://pastebin.com/WapwRZ0cTL;DR UPlay.
76561197960282791,Recommended,235600,4215,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Kyote,"The sensibilities of Chaos Theory combined with the mechanics of Conviction, and the result is the best Splinter Cell game since Chaos Theory. Can't speak to coop or versus as I did'nt play them but a really great campaign mode."
,Recommended,235600,1084421,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,[Quite]Mike*,"I went into this game with low expectations due to the departure of Michael Ironside and the dodgy looking trailers. But I took the plunge and delved into the Blacklist.After a long tutorial I felt my interest slipping, but as I got into the story and the returning stealth aspect I realised this game was better than what I thought. The game gets better as it goes on, co op is brilliant, spies vs mercs isn't my thing so I can't say much on that, but I highly reccomend this games story and co op."
,Recommended,235600,3142043,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Gunny,"Where do I start? The story in Blacklist is decent.. It's pretty much cliched from a lot of action movies.. IN terms it's pretty much 'Guy wants to end the reign of powe the USA has. You're our only hope for stopping him.'.. It's a decent plot but nothing you'll remember. However, the gameplay is what really shines in Blacklist.... Long time fans of Splinter Cell like me will feel right at home with this installment in terms of how it will take stealth gameplay... A variety of non lethal gadgets, google upgrades, level design centered around exploration and stealth, with so much more.. The game also takes your performance on three levels. Ghost, Panther, Assualt. Ghost is centered on all stealth. Avoiding enemy guards, non leathal takedowns, etc. Stealth in this game is the primary focus as playing in a manner for Ghost, will get you the most cash at the end for upgrades. Panther is still being sneaky but you take care of threats with lethal force. This includes but not limited to mines set up on patrol paths, using weapons, slitting a guard's throat, etc.. Assualt was created to appease the ones  who wanted to treat it as a 3rd person shooter... Anything from unsilenced AK-47s to grenades that set people on fire... However, Panther is the way to go in this game if you want to kill everything in your path..... The AI in Splinter Cell is not the greatest in the world but for a stealth game, it's probably my favorite. Killing a guard and leaving the body in the open, will have all surronding guards go on high alert. They will change all patrol patterns and begin to hunt you down. If you're spotted, you have a few seconds to take care of the guard before he can shout out that he found you and open fire... Conviction players will notice a few key gameplay elements taken from the game and put into Blacklist. Last known position, is a highlight of Fisher on his last location if the guards are firing on you. This also plays a key factor in Blacklist as well. Once guards find where you are at, all guns are on you and they will supress you. Depending on your location, they might try to go around and flank you or just throw a grenade in your direction. Mark n Excute is there as well, but I barely used it since most of the time, I was killing guards with my sexy knife. In all, Splinter Cell Blacklist will not be a great jumping off point if you're new to the series. However, fans of games like Chaos Theory will be in love with how much Ubisoft had pushed for the game to have stealth.***AT THE TIME OF THIS REVIEW, SPIES VS MERC HAD A VERY SMALL COMMUNITY. IF YOU'RE BUYING THIS FOR SVM AS WELL, GO IN FOREWARNED THAT YOU MAY HAVE SOME TOUGH TIMES FINDING A FULL GAME.***"
,Recommended,235600,126373,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,hanzy,"Fun game, co-op is the best."
76561198002548985,Recommended,235600,7759870,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GIJOEGOJOE,Ever since the original Splinter Cell was released over 10 years ago on the orginal XBOX I was hooked. This game not only introduced an entirely new way to play stealth action games but it also did so with amazing lighting and incredible sound design. Fast forward to the present and Splinter Cell Black list does not disapoint. It's a game loaded with customizable weapons and gadgets.  This game made me feel like a complete BADASS!!! 9.3 out of 10
,Recommended,235600,7750368,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tomownu21,was excited for it because of spliter cell conviction but was kinda let down but still... a good game!
76561198061777590,Recommended,235600,7978643,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dark,good game
76561198083035660,Recommended,235600,7930032,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Darkoasis,This game is amazing. Play it on the hardest difficulty and it's a ton of fun with great everything. I give it solid 9/10 and haven't touched the MP yet which everyone says is fantastic.
,Recommended,235600,7860104,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Stab De-La-Poo,"Massive replayability aspect to the game, worth the money (Y)"
76561198062511571,Recommended,235600,9292968,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,JAMSTEYY,"By far, one of my favourite Splinter Cell games. It's the perfect combination of stealth and AWESOME"
76561198059318554,Recommended,235600,9295460,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Sten bae in da hauzzz,Totally recommend this. Not so much for the single player but for the really fun multiplayer! Spy vs Merc is fresh and innovative and something that you can play with your friends for hours!
,Recommended,235600,9295762,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mummy Foxy,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is the latest game from series. It is more stealthy than conviction but it a share a lot in common with conviction. The gameplay can be similar to conviction but you do have a choosen to play stealthy or gun ho. The levels are good and enjoyable but it no chaos theory.It is great to go back to the root of splinter cell and that is the stealthy. You be planning your moves and hope to god you don't get spotted. The story isn't the great but it about the gameplay with to me is enjoyable. Ubisoft has play on the idea of how you play. Whether to want to a ghost in the shadows, stalk with prey or run and gun.There is a lot of replay value with co op missions, spy vs mercs and the single. However there are problem with this game, namely uplay and getting the game to start. I had problems to load the game (getting a black screen) and uplay slow down the my system (my pc is old those). I would buy this game in the steam sales. It not a must have to buy but in sale prices, it a good pick up if it works. Please ubisoft we as gamer don't want your crappy uplay. Ubisoft steam rock!  uplay sucks!8/10"
76561198009356693,Recommended,235600,9298253,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,benzilla,"Well, I just finished the campaign... fun and interesting... i guess it is worth the time.however, the controls are frustrating sometimes, and the invisible walls are prominent.Also, There are a few places where Ubisoft put in these quicktime events for no reason,and no option (press this one key to continue, no other option), which forces actionsyou may not feel like Sam should be doing.Multiplayer is fun and challenging, frustrating sometimesif you just can't compete (overmatched or out-of-your-groove).Oh Yeah, The UI is total crap, busy and un-intuitive buttons,the usable stuff is kinda hidden in the overbusy technofuzz."
76561198038004182,Recommended,235600,9301745,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MarkoGod,Really awsome game if you are fan of SC series :DGreat fun indeed!Co-op is awsome to play and mp of course!Sp is really good too :P
,Recommended,235600,8958896,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Khandor,"Very awesome game, absolutely loving the co-op and everything in it. The singleplayer is also incredible. A very good buy if you like stealth games."
76561198037255694,Recommended,235600,8959302,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,FDB
,Recommended,235600,8959559,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,kray28,"SC:Blacklist is pretty good. It has some dumbed down mechanics that fans of Chaos Theory don't like, but you don't have to use them. Also it rewards run and gunning, which kind of misses the point of a Splinter Cell game. That being said, some of the missions are ridiculously hard and unforgiving. It has a decnt SP campaign though, oner of adequate length and oner that is quite fun to play. I recommend it, if you play it with stealth or as a ""Ghost"", it's one of the best third person stealth games out right now. The gadgets, along with nonlethal options, upgradeable gear, and a wide variety of ways to approach a mission make it a game worth playing."
76561198009427381,Recommended,235600,8959647,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Buck Rogers,"The Splinter Cell of of actual stealth is back and I love it. While the execute and press button to do actions from the last game is still in, the stealthing and gadgets has greatly been improved."
,Recommended,235600,14273458,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,FissionIgnition,"Though I was thoroughly disappointed at the change in voice actors for Sam Fisher, the action, tense storyline, and overall well tuned game mechanics made for a great experience. One of the best parts for me was that I actually found the game's story considerably less predictable than most recent movies. RIP Tom Clancy, I hope someone else can pick up the story canon and make something half as good."
,Recommended,235600,14274043,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,plissken_dk,"Solid stealth game, 9/10."
76561198148025802,Not Recommended,235600,14251983,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BruceT,"This could be a fantastic game, except for the little fact that it doesn't record your progress properly.I finished 4 - 5 mission yesterday and it has not recorded them as completed. I now have to go and redo them all just to progress in the game. This had happened previously but I thought it was perhaps just a glitch.Who the hell crates games that pull this crap. Are they going to pay me for wasting my time?"
,Recommended,235600,14197075,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Baron O' Beefdip,"Michael Ironside doesn't voice Sam in this game. I creiIn all due seriousness though, the gameplay mechanics are very fluid and makes the game very enjoyable. The main beef for me is that this game is seriously too easy when compared to Chaos Theory and the games before that. Note: this game requires Uplay ( which sucks, srs m8 ) and sudden Directx 11 crashes can occur, even if the game had been running fine for the last 20 hours played on a fairly decent graphics card. I'm using a Nvidia GTX 760Spies VS Mercs is awesome, pity that the current playerbase is quite small. Just a heads up, the Mercs first person FOV horribly narrow, even worse than COD MW2 and there is no way to adjust it.I recommend this game if you are not patient enough to play Chaos Theory, and if you would enjoy the asymetrical spies vs mercs multiplayer. However, beware: Uplay and Directx 11 crashes."
,Recommended,235600,30499173,Posted: 13 March,all,Meridian,"Installed this game on Win7.Got some game credits for purchasing some items.Installed Win8, i have lost all my collected gear from playing.Eve copying the save files from Win7 to Win8 did not correct the issue.This means the settings and ingame credits are client based?All in all the game is fun and very interesting in coop. You throw a bottle into an enemy, while your partener sneaks behind the enemy and kills him.After that save fiasco, i uninstalled the game.. I will not return to it."
,Not Recommended,235600,14296737,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Molly Percocets,BEFORE YOU PURCHASE READ THIS:If you are going to play the game for the singleplayer mode buy it it is cool.If you are going to buy this game for the multiplayer it is complete waste of money:very hard to find other players in co-op and spies vs. mercs is dead.Your choice.
,Recommended,235600,14311797,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ThatSomeGaming,"Compared to other Splinter Cell games, this just doesn't have the same impact. But if you ignore them, then this is a fun game to play, no doubt.The main story is one that doesn't pose a single ounce of originality, but I guess it's alright. The locations are fun and the different ways you can approach situations really makes it feel more immersive and just fun really.The Co-Op is decent. It doesn't add to anything really but if you want something fun to play with a friend then this is good enough.Probably my favourite part about this game is the competitive multiplayer, more specifically the ""Classic Spies V Mercs"" mode. It'll keep you on edge playing both sides and has a whole lot of choice regarding how to go about things. The other modes are fun too, especially with the addition of customisable classes. Teamwork isn't really that important but it does help to put on a mic and help each other out. One big problem in the multiplayer is the hackers, though they aren't as frequent as beofre, they're still there.Overall, this game is fun but don't expect anything like Chaos Theory.7/10"
76561198112315110,Recommended,235600,14239274,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DeadAnanas,best game
,Recommended,235600,14263734,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,sz_David,"Good old Splinter Cell. Did not disappoint. If you enjoyed the previous games, I think you'll enjoy this one as well. Great story, great action, great stealth."
76561198045080783,Recommended,235600,14354312,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,L0stLP,"Blacklist is more of a return to format in which stealthy, unlethal approaches are rewarded better.I played it at perfectionist witch means that even though it was stressful, it was also very rewarding.Things you would like from a stealth game:-multiple approaches towards a objective, while it has a few, it is still a linear progression of stealth section;-a wide variety of gadgets to help you with the missions, a lot of them will go unused because you get even more money if you do not disturb the guards at all;-there are secondary missions like getting to 3 locations without being seen, take down all hostiles or 'horde mode' where you will have to survive from 5 to 20 waves of soldiers witch consumed more than half of my time with the game;Things you would not want from a stealth game:(while not representative of the entire game these parts have no place in a game like this)-chase scene or running away from explosions;-taking away my toys and/or proper control of the character;-making me play with a totally different character that does not use stealth;-the game has a grinding feel to it, even though most of the items are overkill to what you actually need;"
76561197977586537,Recommended,235600,14343732,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,daveyboysas,"first time I have played any of the splinter cells, think i got put off with the very first one years ago whenever that came out. Had a go at this and boy has it come a long way, tough to get to grips with to understand the mechanics but once you get going...very good"
76561198059668519,Recommended,235600,14344290,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Grim Reader,"Amazing stealth, with near perfect mechanics. It is a great game with a good story. The gameplay is nice and smooth with little to no glitches. The only thing that I dislike is that the story doesn't really have many twists or anything, its just straight-forward. Also, going loud and proud doesn't work at all. The armor isn't as effective as you'd think and once you shoot a loud weapon once, everyone knows where you are, where you're going, and when you'll get there, so really it's either stealth or death. Despite that though, If you aren't getting this game to be stealthy you're better off playing Ghost Recon or Battlefield. This is a STEALTH SPY GAME,  not COD. So if you are getting it, expecting to sneak around like a ghost, this game is perfect for you. I'm bad with scores but If I had to give one It would probably be a strong 9/10."
,Recommended,235600,14347171,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Logan_Ipsum,I love those games!
,Not Recommended,235600,14347267,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Taliuz,"I wanna start by saying Im a fan of the Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell serie and my review are compareing this one to how the previous games have been.The good:Great graphics and environments.Good Combat and gameplay.Decent plot in the story.The Bad:Replaceing Michael Ironside WTF... just to get better movement/combat and face animations on Fisher give me back Ironside instead I say.Bad voice acting no likeable characters.boring story, could be becouse of the characters, could not make my self finish the game, first Splinter cell i have not finished.I do recommend the game for people that have not played the previous games or care to much about the characters in the game or story's in this time of games for that matter.But I do NOT recommend it for fans of the Splinter Cell franchise."
,Recommended,235600,14356862,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Emperor of Awesomeness,"In this review I’ll be focusing on the single player experience.  This review will contain minor spoilers.Gameplay and StoryStarting off I played with the Realistic difficulty and for whatever reason could not stealth the first real mission so shot my way through with ease.  For a few missions after that I stuck to the Panther playstyle but soon got the hang of stealth and starting doing Ghost on Perfectionist.  Ghost seams easier than it should be to be honest.  A few segments are tough but most of the game is easy to ghost through.  Even Brigg’s first person segments (which you’re not even supposed to ghost through anyway) are easy.  As a side note, I tried Assault on Perfectionist and that can be very hard; much harder than Ghost in fact.The gameplay is very fun however, I will complain that there are segments where they force a certain playstyle on you and I really don’t like that.  I think it defeats the purpose of tracking how much the player sticks to a certain style if at certain parts of the game you’re told you have to play a certain way.  The three parts that annoyed me the most are as follows:The (I think) first Briggs sequence.  I snuck past everyone without disturbing any of them only to have the game tell me to take them all down; not just the ones near the bomb; all of them.  This is made worse by the fact the Briggs does not have a lot of nonlethal optionsWhen Sam is on the subway and the game forces you to fight through the bad guys thereThe Iran Embassy level because for all (or at least most) of the areas sneaking past the guards nets Panther points instead of Ghost points because, due to the story, the guards already know you’re thereThese sequences don’t ruin the game by a long shot; they’re just annoying.The story is decent but I don’t like Sam’s new voice or that the main characters like being jerks to each other.  I do like that you can talk to the main characters between missions and call Sarah.AISplinter Cell Blacklist has what I consider to be very advanced AI.  At the very least the AI is far better than its predecessor Splinter Cell Conviction as well as Hitman: Absolution and Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag.The AI in Conviction had a lot of potential but felt underdeveloped (but still not as bad as Black Flag).  Blacklist takes everything Conviction’s AI tried to do but does it in a much improved way.  The last known position is still a part of the AI’s decision making but they respond to it in a smarter way.In Conviction the AI pretty much always assumed that you were trying to draw them out and found cover near the last known position and shot it until someone ran towards it and figured out you weren’t there.  In Blacklist enemies will become suspicious over different things and actually try to search for you and will dynamically form searching parties and then break those up as need be.  They respond to different things like lights turning on or off or doors that were closed being opened really well.Unfortunately, their patrols, when they don’t know you’re there are often easy to avoid.  However, they sometimes require a frantic mix of waiting in an area very patiently and hoping to not be caught and quickly moving forward, towards and past enemies that are often too close for comfort because staying still will get you caught.  These situations require very precise timing.  On rare occasions, areas did seem unfair but mostly, it was because I was being a complete idiot and missing the too-easy path past all the enemies right in front of my nose.Throughout the game the AI did various things that impressed me such as, enemies noticing that their buddy I had knocked had vanished and then trying to find them.The game still had a few of what I’ll refer to as “Black Flag moments” which are when the AI acts so incredibly stupid you have to wonder how no one noticed the flaw and fixed it.  The two main complains I have in this regard are:Snipers seem to only spot me when their laser is nowhere near me and never when their laser is right on meOn one occasion I was trying to draw a High Value Target away from a sniper’s gaze with a whistle but doing so made everyone know that I was in the area, where I was and that I should be shot at even though no one knew I was there before the whistle or saw me when I whistled.  I tried several times but always got the same resultFinal VerdictI’m not the biggest stealth fan out there but this is easily the best stealth game I’ve ever played with the exception of Hitman: Blood Money (but that’s like comparing apples to oranges).  It has some issues but it is still really fun.  It also runs well performance wise and is an excellent port in terms of quality.  Obviously, Uplay is stupid and should not be allowed to exist.  I give this game an 8.5 out of 10; loosing points mainly for sequences that force a certain playstyle on you."
76561198120704646,Recommended,235600,13302693,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Handsome Lenny,It is an awesome game and i fink everyone should try it out
76561198017442712,Recommended,235600,13242364,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,CMDR SABBATH BLACK,"Heard of TL/DR? Well this is VL/DC (very late, don't care).Blacklist is a very impressive game with some very fine artwork behind it, something which will always win me over with any game worth playing is it's aesthetic appeal. This game has loads of that.But then I start having problems. I wish, for instance, that they'd stop screwing with the control scheme, which was perfectly fine in Conviction, and from what I've seen and played thus far, it doesn't appear to have done it any real favours.Then there's the CQB, wherein for some strange reason, the mouse aim goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's impossible to shoot at someone mere feet away, because all your mouse seems to be able to do is inexplicably freeze during that one ♥♥♥♥ing time you *really* don't need it or want it to.Nice game, has some issues with the single player aspect of it but nothing far too major to make it unplayable.The multiplayer kinda stinks though. Match balancing is none existent, which stinks for new players, stinks worse for new players not familiar with the Splinter Cell kind of play - AND NOT BEING ABLE TO QUIT WHEN YOUR TEAMMATE IS A DOUCHENOZZLE REALLY STINKS!Ain't bad, ain't perfect.On the really bad side, UPlay sucks donkey's balls, and the screenshots it decides it wants to take of the game are the most irrelevant and pointless looking things I've ever seen. A screenshot, of a block of text, on a largely black screen with indistinguishable objects in a grid like fashion on every single one of them thus far. Uplay needs to♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,235600,13303364,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Next Day.,This game has the best shadows. Buy this game for cinematic shadows!
,Recommended,235600,13306659,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,kill all nazis,"MOST UNDERRATED GAME OF 2013I have over 293 games in my Steam account and I still keep playing everyday SC:Blacklist. This game is so good, the story, gameplay, graphics. I recommend this game to everyone in the real life. It must be played with a controller otherwise I think it wouldn't be that good.So many awesome items to purchase and customize with in-game money you earn when passing missions or playing online.Story mode is long enough to make you happy and quite a few extra missions that can be played in co-op with a net friend.The online mode is very hard if you use a controller and communication with other players is not that good. There is no server browser.PROS:MusicGameplayGraphicsStoryFull x360 Controller CompatibleVery realistic animations, including facial (They used actors and motion detection)Sound effects are realisticCONS:Uses Uplay (Sometimes you may have troubles or forget password)Multiplayer game doesn't have server browserYou can't switch to KB+Mouse in-game if you are using a controller (would've been useful to play as MERC online)Personal Score: 9.6/10Verdict: Game gets so intense that makes your heart pumping hard.I purchased this game while on 75% sale but would buy full price when 2015 is launched."
76561198002484443,Recommended,235600,7914956,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,no pie for you,"Blacklist is easily the best Splinter Cell since Chaos Theory. True, the loss of Michael Ironside as the voice actor for Sam took some time to get used to, but the replacement grew on me quickly. This new, younger Sam does not feel like the old one at all; Ubisoft should have started a completely new character—perhaps one of Sam’s protégés. There is little to none of the (often cheesy) humor which pervaded the first 3 games. The Sam in Blacklist is often angry and impatient. It is difficult to gloss over his behavior as it is unwarranted, unlike his righteous anger from Conviction. Yet, even though I will miss the old Sam, Ubisoft has created a worthy (albeit moody) replacement.GameplayBlacklist emphasizes timing and patience more than the traditional reliance on striking from or hiding in the shadows. Many of the missions are in brightly-lit areas which require the player to study the placement and patrols of enemy soldiers in order to stay undetected. Blacklist, just like Assassin’s Creed 2 or later, has a detection meter that quickly fills if a solider sees Sam (but in higher difficulties the meter fills almost instantly). This is a helpful feature as many missions require you to sneak by enemies that are just feet away, typically in lighted areas.The AI is a bit too perceptive. If you are not crouching and moving slowly, they will hear you—even at a distance (seriously, their hearing is at owl level). Some of them wear helmets, which is problematic as you cannot use mark & execute against them (side note: unless you have armor piercing rounds and an upgraded sniper rifle, but even then it only works 9/10 times – probably a bug, which is frustrating as, if the execute fails [their helmet will fly off], they alert the entire area). Even if you shoot an enemy in the face, not the helmet, they do not always die in one shot. This unpredictability can make gunplay agonizing as typically one is trying to eliminate an enemy silently. One mistake can often ruin the entire mission.  But on the other hand, it does force you to rely more on your knife, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing for some.Example of ridiculous AI: The brutes (heavily armored soldiers) can only be killed from above or from behind – with your knife. While I’d often welcome this challenge, they can very easily detect you and once they do you’ll likely die via shotgun to the face (and/or he’ll alert the whole area). Too often I had cleared a map except for the last brute, just as I was about to pounce on that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ he would uncharacteristically turn (as in, break from his routine patrol route), see me, then kill me. Blacklist AI reminds me a bit of the AI found in R6 Vegas.The story is fairly good, with some unexpected twists and a satisfying ending; the details you will have to find out for yourself though! The side missions are some of my favorite parts of the game. There are a few types: either alone or in coop, you have to clear an area of enemies. These can become very challenging because if you’re detected, additional units—armored, or with infrared goggles, or dogs—will sweep into the area and make your life exceedingly difficult. Especially the dogs!  Curse them.Additionally there are maps where you have to survive a certain number of waves. These waves get progressively more difficult (Max of 20 waves I think). After every 5 waves you have the option to extract. I found this mode highly rewarding as you often have to react quickly to their randomized deployment and adjust strategies continuously in order to stay alive.GraphicsThe graphics are decent, but not great.  The game runs very well on my system (NVidia 660ti + Intel i7-4770k + 8GB RAM) and I do not recall any major drops in FPS. The game has not crashed once. The animations are excellent—Sam’s movements are fluid, controlled and hand-to-hand kills have never been so satisfying.Replay ValueThere is plenty to unlock with the cash you earn during each mission. From new armors, to weapons, to upgrades on your plane, it should keep you coming back. Moreover, realistic and perfectionist difficulty add plenty of challenge to the game, and even a venue for the players that prefer to return to the Splinter Cell roots—such as removing infrared goggles and mark & execute. It was well worth the $60 I paid upon its release.SummaryWhether you’re a long-time fan of the series, or just starting, I highly recommend this game. It isn’t perfect, but it’s an excellent addition to the series and by-far the best since Chaos Theory. 9/10"
,Recommended,235600,7915899,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Recoil,super fun
,Recommended,235600,7919231,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,That Asshole,Best Splinter Cell in a good long while.
,Recommended,235600,7920308,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Actual Dinosaur,"It doesn't suck as bad as Conviction! If you play on Perfectionist mode, you can ALMOST pretend it's a REAL Splinter Cell game! WOAH!Still a long ways off from the first 3, but a step back in the right direction for sure. Seriously missing Michael Ironside as VA, but if you can get past that, you'll find the closest thing to Chaos Theory Ubisoft has put out in years.By closest, I mean miles away. This game is just good enough to make me sad it's not that little bit better. Had potential, fun enough, but not realized as well as I'd hope. Flaws as far as the eye can see. That being said, I'm enjoying it. Maybe you will too. But just in case: Recommended only for series nerds like myself who just can't seem to say no to 3 green lights."
76561198028940588,Recommended,235600,7920493,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,chris104f,"i have not played any of the games before splinter cell conviction but i deeply enjoyed playing that game.however this game is far far better in design,gameplay,and enemy reactions. i loved how they separated the play styles into 3 tiers : ghost-silent no kill, panther-silent kill, and assault-guns blazing so u can choose a style of play and try to perfect it not just play by numbers. coop and stealth missions were really well done. the story was pretty good but predictable to some. im not a multiplayer person so no thoughts on that.i would reccomend this to anyone that like stealth games or 3rd person shooters"
76561198072245312,Recommended,235600,7883204,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,HITMAN,"Sempre stupendo, grande Ubisoft!!"
,Recommended,235600,5039459,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Captain Slow,Greatly improves on previous splinter cell titles and brings back the fun in its stealth gameplay; also has very fun co-op
76561198015021211,Not Recommended,235600,7885257,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,FRAAANKY... SUUUPER,I came for the multiplayer.I get spawned killed in every single game.I've spent more time in the respawn screen then in the actual game it feels like.If your looking for the perfect thing to waste money on this is it!
,Recommended,235600,7868150,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,AudaciousGerbil,"I highly recommend this game. This game takes the previous Splinter Cell games, takes the good parts and distills them until you get a Splinter Cell that we had been waiting for.The single-player and coop can now be played three different ways, each with its own rewards: you can easily choose to go all-out Assault, shooting and blowing up everyone as loudly and messily as you can; or Panther, killing everyone as quietly and unnoticeably as possible. And finally, we have Ghost, the hardest of the playstyles, but the most rewarding if you have been following the series from the first game. There's nothing quite like sneaking into and out of a building filled with hostiles undetected. The in-game cash reward when ghosting is pretty nifty too.You are now not limited to only one path towards your objectives, you can find all sorts of other ways to move forward in a mission. You may even find different paths on different playstyles.AI can be a crapshoot sometimes, either being as deaf as possible on one moment, to suddenly being hyper-aware and shooting you in a moment's notice.For true ghosting fans, Perfectionist difficulty brings you back to pre-Conviction gameplay, taking out Execute (but not marks) and takedowns from the front. AI is quicker to respond, and you take more damage on this difficulty.Single-player missions can be quite short, but can be replayed with different playstyles to enjoy them. Same can be said with the coop missions.And the multiplayer is nothing but icing on the cake: bringing back Spies vs Mercs was probably the best thing Ubisoft did for the series. Play either as a Merc, shooting and blowing up Spies to complete your objectives. or as a Spy, moving in the shadows using your gadgets, waiting and then moving in for the kill to complete your own objectives. Gameplay is not like your usual FPS slugfest, you have to be coordinated and know your equipment in order to win. Maps are well-thought of, giving Spies enough room and multiple ways to move across the map, but at the same time giving Mercs a enough line-of-sight if paying good attention to his surroundings.SvM Classic is the same as Pandora Tomorrow's SvM, 2 players on each side, no customization and the maps are considerably darker than on the other modes. The other modes bring you customization for either side, giving you certain abilities depending on your faction.Some notes:1. Cloaking for Spies and Drones for Mercs aren't the best suit gadgets, Overcharge and Disruptor for each respective side is sometimes more invaluable for winning a game.2. Mercs: look behind, look above. Often times, doing this will save you and your team a lot of problems.3. Spies: don't even think about going head-to-head in a shooting match with Mercs, they will shoot you down to the ground, and then some. Only shoot when you can net a guaranteed kill, or if you want to distract.4. For either teams: communication is the key! Use the in-game voice chat to coordinate with each other, this will net you more wins over the long haul.All in all, as I said from the start, I highly recommend this game, and it's best enjoyed with friends, either on coop or on SvM. We finally get the Splinter Cell that we have been waiting for, especially after the joy that was Chaos Theory and disappointment that was Conviction."
,Recommended,235600,7870008,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kyunbi,"Such a fun game, I have been able to play the single player alone several times and still enjoy every second and the multiplayer is also fun with spies vs mercs."
,Recommended,235600,7945937,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Distortionman,Badass. The best Splinter Cell yet!
,Recommended,235600,7948274,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,RapidSkis,"Choice. Clandestine (no one even knew you were there), Covert (enemies are out before they realize your there), and Normal First-Person-Shooter. You can play any of these ways, and they all actually work well. While I love the stealth aspect of Splinter Cell having this choice without sacrificing quality is amazing.I will add that, unlike other Splinter Cell's the story isn't all that interesting but it's there."
,Recommended,235600,7948536,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kaijin,One of the best in the series of Splinter Cell. Blacklist is right up there with Chaos Theory.
76561198098124661,Recommended,235600,7305732,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Dreamer,"классный экшен от 3 (1) лица, разнообразие миссий и наличие кооператива"
76561198065744985,Recommended,235600,6412549,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,SnowCrash,"After the narrative good but much too action-orientated ""Conviction"", Blacklist is again a title which rewards the stealth aspect. Truly a good Splinter Cell again!"
76561198006276140,Recommended,235600,7887847,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[killjoy],"Splinter Cell has always been one of my favorite stealth games (right up there with Deus Ex) and Blacklist is cerainly no exception. I genuinely feel as if this is one of the few franchises out there that has consistently gotten better with each new entry. That being said, a good bit of Blacklist is taken from Conviction and revamped or overhauled while the rest is all new; this is speaking purely in terms of gameplay and mechanics mind you.Everything can be customized this time around. Your weapons. Your gadgets. Even your suit - which is segmented so as to offer customization on a piece-by-piece basis. Said upgrades arepurchased with cash, which you earn by completing mission objectives and the like. You're given up to three loadouts to tinker around with for easy access, too. Your mobile command center - a flying fortress that puts Airforce One to shame - can also be upgraded in a variety of ways to help missions go more smoothly. Pretty straightforward stuff that still adds a lot of depth to an already amazing game.There's a bit of an open-world free-roam aspect to the game. Don't get too excited though as it's not what it sounds like - and let's be honest, legit open-world free-roam would pretty much kill a game like this. Still. What they've done this time around is tie the multiplayer and co-op missions into the game in such a way that you can transition between them and the single-player missions seamlessly from the mission map aboard your mobile command center. You can even have the game find a partner for you if you're lacking chums who play the game or they're just offline and of course there is a matchmaking system in place for the multiplayer. All missions (single-player or otherwise) can be replayed at any time, just in case you missed something or you just happened to really enjoy yourself the first time through.The story is great too, of course! Sam Fisher has aged quite well over the years and is still a proper badass, having finally been given command of his own team and operation. Unfortunately, the circumstances are rather grim - a group of extremists calling themselves the Engineers have threatened to attack a major US city once every week until every last US troop is brought home from overseas. An ultimate deadline of one year was given and it's anybody's guess what happens when the year is up!"
,Recommended,235600,7889822,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jaunty,"Frigging great. Kept all the neat things Conviction added (mark+execute, focus on fluidity, etc) while also dropping all the trash. Most important of all, non-lethal playthroughs and hiding bodies are back!"
76561198021320019,Recommended,235600,7890135,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Madness,dont buy the DLC if you bought the deluxe edition it will crash uplay
,Recommended,235600,7873834,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Fuby,"After being hooked for around 5 hours..I can say the sales price is worth it to ""me"". I own about 5 different versions under this title and enjoyed them all so far. Graphics on ultra are pretty sharp. Single player is interesting for those that like sneaking around and killing or avoiding. Have yet to try co-op but did a few games in Spies vs Mercs and enjoyed the maps although I was killed quite often by much better players.. I am use to that.. I'm old and slow.. ;-) I went for the deluxe edtion for a few extra levels and perks.. I'm sure this sale will return come spring.. but why wait?"
,Recommended,235600,11824531,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Blaze,If you like games that involve stealth this game is definiltly for you
,Recommended,235600,580790,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Smog....🐸,"I think it's awesome, feels like the last one with similar handling and game mechanics, make sure you have a decent graphics card because it makes it look insane.No major hassles starting it up other than updating graphic card drivers and that was only because I rolled them back for something else.Honestly I would give it 7 out of 10 overall rating right now if only because I dislike the whole base on a plane thing they have going on and it requires you to play coop to do certain missions.Buy it......"
,Recommended,235600,9319608,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sly_Otter,"Great stealth game, makes you think fast, coordinate your eyes with your fingers and sometimes it is tence. It has a quite good, easy to fallow story that makes you feel realy good and heroic as you fight the terrorism. The visuals are quite good, runs smooth with no problems even on my laptop. The audio is very good, the way you move, the way you climb, the way you shoot, stab etc sounds very nice. The co-op is good, but a bit easy. The multiplayer is awsome with the return of Spy vs. Mercs. 8/10."
,Recommended,235600,11930471,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Basil,Wait till you see the Whitelist.
,Recommended,235600,11590002,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Smilodon,Awesome Game! One of the best stealth action games in an while!
,Not Recommended,235600,11619540,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Geepo [SWE],"I haven't played the singleplayer since I bought it for the multiplayer. But Splinter Cell only uses steam to launch Uplay which then launches the game. For this reason there are a lot of troubles getting the multiplayer up and running. Several times we have spent an hour trying to connect to eachother, ending up with playing Payday 2 instead.I don't see why they didn't use the power of steam to get the online part running smooth. So, if you, like me, are looking for a multiplayer coop game to enjoy with a friend, then you should continue your search."
76561197975605098,Recommended,235600,690709,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Sabrex449,Highly entertaining stealth game - good story - excellent use of your brain working out how best to take people down.
76561198048903143,Not Recommended,235600,14683683,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ampt,"Constant crashes, Uplay required. Utter garbage. Need I go on?"
,Recommended,235600,14687908,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,snowL4ZER,Awesome game!
76561198040980157,Recommended,235600,14857704,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Glassman,Great Game A+++++++
76561197970791510,Not Recommended,235600,9740772,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,MARKET DAY!,"Despite the gaping hole where player support/maintenance/patching should be, the multiplayer is still incredibly fun. Easily one of my favorite pvp games. While the mobility is unparalled for its genre, there's a learning curve that comes with so much lateral freedom. Once you've mastered the controls however, you'll enjoy some of the most rewarding and satisfying kills in all competitive gaming.*Edit* Ubisoft simply doesn't seem to care about their customers, and because of this I can no longer recommend the game. There is 0 online maintenance for the multiplayer, which means hackers have free reign. Now that the hype has died down and the player pool has shrunk, you'll run into a hacker in 75% of the games you try to play, and Ubisoft couldn't care less.Such a huge shame, as like I said the gameplay itself was amazingly fun. Might still be worth playing on xbox or PS, but the thought of trying to navigate with a controller is daunting.I also don't recommend this game now simply on principle. Ubisoft treats paying customers like garbage, and people need to start speaking with their wallets. Uplay needs to just go away, and they need to support online play with patches/hackblocker."
,Recommended,235600,14862502,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Flyby,10/10
16456789075432567,Recommended,235600,14852685,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jn tr po,"Fun characters. Fluent movement and action. Decent story (feels like a movie) but somtimes stealth isn't fully encouraged, but when it is possible, it is an amazing feeling. The game has creativty on your equipment, (unlike the linear designs of the first game) and each level gives you a way to acomplish your goal.If you like games that immerse you in the world and make you feel like an agent, this is most definetly your game.Overall rating 9/10. If the game was longer and put more emphasis on stealth, I would have given this game a solid 10/10."
76561198128753471,Recommended,235600,14815046,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki iv Damke,"Singleplayer: I was playing in the Georgia boarder map, I knocked out 2 guys at the beginning and tased the last one. I thought what if they get woken up, so i went back and shot them. I saw a sneaky way to get in to the police station. I was killed by a mine. I tried again, i was buttrapped by 2 heavy machine gunners and while i was trying to escape, buttrapped by the same ♥♥♥♥ING MINES.Multiplayer: I was a Merc couldn't see the spy, was killed from god knows how many spies. Played as spy, killed a few Mercs, still buttrapped.10/10 would get rekt m8"
76561198076738243,Recommended,235600,14679394,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,FreshDaniel,"UPlay is the only negative thing.I can reccomend it to anyone even remotely liking stealth games and to an extent action games, although I can't say much to that side of things.It's just so damn satisfying getting through a whole section without disrupting anyone and using as few gadgets as possible."
76561198061456376,Recommended,235600,14668155,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Abaddon,Even better than Conviction.
,Recommended,235600,14671063,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DunkTruffle,Night Vision OP
76561198146932764,Recommended,235600,14787130,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,1771Fleetwood,""" Where did he go ?! "" ...  splotch..10/10 would snipe again."
,Recommended,235600,14796086,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Game Master,"The joys of completely unsynchronized stealth when you realize your partner is better than you and you really should be synchronizing, but don't, because you're rubbish.I r8 4/8 because Uplay."
76561197967701033,Recommended,235600,14695389,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,stat_1238,"If you're a fan of the original Splinter Cell games, then play this on the Perfectionist difficulty setting, which disables a lot of the new-fangled cheapness that was introduced in Conviction. If you play on a lower difficulty where you can use Mark and Execute I think it becomes too easy to systematically abuse it, without it you have to spend more time looking around to find all the alternate paths around things, or interesting ways to position yourself to make quick quiet attacks.Overall I think the level design was very good. If I found myself struggling in a section, that was usually just a sign that I needed to step back and look around more to spot a better option. Exploration is very much encouraged in this manner, where leaving the the most obvious path will often find you in a far more interesting and rewarding way through the level.The weapons and gadget upgrades sort of disappointed me, in that they make a huge difference. Once you get fully updated rifles you no longer have to worry about snipers at all, because you can quickly take them down from long range without making a sound. I dislike that the game scales up your situations in such a way that requires you to have more advanced weaponry. You can choose not to upgrade, but if you upgrade nothing you will land in situations that are near impossible without already having a particular upgrade/gadget.The downside to this version is that there are two side paths of missions that you have to go outside of traditional Splinter Cell to complete. One the forces you to do a lot of gunplay and frontal assault killing, and another that requires you to do online coop play. As much as I've enjoyed Splinter Cell coop in the past, this works better on a console when you can just bring a friend over. It's harder to get another friend to have enough interest to purchase the game as well and I definitely don't want to just jump into what will probably be another terrible online community."
,Recommended,235600,14772317,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,moonsbro,The best splinter cell game to date. solid controls.very challenging on the harder difficultys.worth playing while waiting for MGS V
,Recommended,235600,14321448,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,BatuMapan,Nice game
,Recommended,235600,14324660,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jalabula Jens,Excellent stealth mechanics
76561198052345163,Not Recommended,235600,14281053,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,thecagybee,"so they deleted my save game twice, tried their means to ""fix"" this and nothing worked. im so done with this game. complete waste of $$"
,Not Recommended,235600,14234821,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Asharad,"If you are a fan of the original Splinter Cell and Chaos Theory, and are hoping that Blacklist is a continuation of the saga, you are in for a rude surprise.   The gameplay has drastically changed and the voice actors are different.  Blacklist is barely related to Splinter Cell in name only.  Although it is a very good game, it is not we expect from Spinter Cell and I'm disappointed that the developers strayed from the classic game style.This game also requires UPLAY, which is the only reason give a thumbs down."
,Recommended,235600,14292498,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,kaka_elyssa,NICE
,Recommended,235600,14271970,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,tips with nips,This is one of the most amazing games I have played. I love stealth games and this is tied wiith Hitman Absolution for the best stealth games. Great storyline and fun multiplayer missions. I prefer playing this game with a controller but that is my personal opinion.
76561198049204258,Recommended,235600,13986703,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,winters.online[HUN],"After 4 hours gameplay:Amazing! It has a great atmosphere. Sneaking in shadows is great! I do not know other episodes, but I think I made a right choice, when I bought it when it was christmas sale. I can not stop playing it, ubisoft made this game for me.It has plenty variatons, how to go through a map, you can hang on the window ledge, or climb up on pipes.You can choose between lethal and non-lethal takedowns, but beware: if you choose non-lethal takedowns and another enemy find the knocked out enemy, he can wake him up :)Likes:********Campaign:The game upgrade mechanism (plane, gadgets, etc...) is enough for me.Maps are well designed.Coop:It is very cooperative! You can invite your teammate to do dual kills, You can do dual or split boosts to take a higher ground. You can attract enemies, then your teammate knocks out the enemy behind.Dislikes:*********Menu is terrible, I can not orient well in it.I think the game is not well optimized, mainly in cutscenes there are very big slowdowns of the animations.Coop:If You fail Your mission, You have to start it from the beginning, no checkpoints, it should be needed."
,Recommended,235600,14173634,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ElectiveAmnesia,"Okay you've read the other reviews. You have an idea about the game. So here's all I want to say:This game is allegedly the ""biggest"" and ""most complete"" Splinter Cell game ever made. And techinally this is true. However, it's far smaller than it could have been easily made. Let me explain.You can play:Campaign, Spies vs Mercs, Coop Campaign, Coop Stealth-only, Coop Terrorist Hunt and Coop Wave-based.Each of these ""modes"" has a selection of maps to play on. SP's got about eight I think, SvM's got like six maybe, and (if you include the DLC) the Coop Missions all have four maps each.So you're like AWESOME! So much gameplay and variety! Welllllllll sort of.  Because each of these maps is locked to their mode. Which means that, you play through the maps available for a given mode, and you're kinda like... can I do this... but on more of the other maps plz? Because I don't want to have to play these one's again and again.Most of these maps I love, and I wouldloveto play in another mode. I want the Seafort map available for SvM, and Hacker's Den, and the Millionaire's Yacht. I want the Mirawa SP map available for Briggs Coop. And especially the wave-based coop mode for all the other maps, because the map design for those is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥.And it honestly wouldn't have been very hard, you're just reusing the assets and AI. Anyway, just my ten cents. Actually, another option would have been to include a map editor with Steam Works integration, just saying."
,Recommended,235600,14133949,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bagel,"The gameplay for this game was amazing. The NPCs felt a bit smarter than they have in the past. Overall the game was great, I have a few other gripes as well, but not game centered.  Having achievements on UPlay is attrocious. Forcing Steam users to use their garbage pretend Steam interface is disgusting and pathetic. I absolutely loathe Ubisoft these days and they just keep stacking on the reasons with their greed, selfishness and absolute disregard for their consumer, bleeding them dry, killing their series just to meet arbitrary deadlines that result in a complete degredation of every IP they own. Let me just play the damn game where I want, with whatever client I want . I immediately uninstalled the game and Uplay as soon as I was done, the crap was barely functional, disconnected constantly while my overall connection and other applications stayed healthy."
76561198004783852,Recommended,235600,14328794,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,wigginsd88,"This is a great game. While the decision to change the voice of Sam Fisher from Michael Ironside was a little offputting at first, the new guy utterly nails it! This game plays like a movie, one I'd gladly own at that. From the very beginning to the very end I was hooked on the story. New gameplay mechanics were done very well. I like the character development a lot. All and all, I think Ubi really nailed it."
76561198057778032,Recommended,235600,14331596,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,WITCHING_HOUR,"Way better gameplay, graphics, physics, and story (imo) than the previous games. Decent length and challenging as well. Only downside is I couldn't find anyone to play the several co-op only missions since the game has been out a few years now."
76561198048933733,Recommended,235600,13699582,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,IceCold,"Really great another Splinter Cell. I would give 9 out of 10, but I wont.Great game play, but all the way till the end I was missing Michael Ironside. Sam sound wrong now without him.7.5/10"
76561198014377320,Recommended,235600,13700033,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Talmai,"This game has plenty of stealth action, similar to previous games in the series.  The story is also good.  I played through the co-op with a friend and enjoyed that as well.  There are plenty of upgrades to purchase along the way as well.  If you've played the previous Splinter Cell games or are a fan of stealth action games, you will enjoy this game."
76561197995810160,Recommended,235600,13700252,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gracker83,Best splinter cell game period
,Recommended,235600,13704059,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pman123,"Splinter Cell has long since forgotton its original stealth roots, and Blacklist does nothing to go back to the original formula of what made Splinter Cell such a reknown series. So, if you're looking for the game that takes you back to Splinter Cell 1-3, you will not find it here. That being said, if you play blacklist for what it is, it's an incredibly fun experience and I had alot of fun playing through the co op with a friend. Although Blacklist is much more of a stealth-action game, rather then incorporating the hardcore stealth elements the series was based from, it is still a very enjoyable experience. That being said, plz Ubisoft, please revist what made the series what it is today, by incorporating less action-stealth elements and much more of the hardcore stealth that gave Splinter Cell its name and reputation."
76561198037808763,Recommended,235600,13704189,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RIOT411,If you liked any other splinter cell game this one will definitly give back the money you payed for it! So many new ways to edit the character you play and i believe the survival mode is the best thing they added to splinter cell :) Enjoy
76561198081489464,Recommended,235600,11476253,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Grin Gablin,One of the best stealth game in history
76561198105398824,Recommended,235600,11481460,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,tankprohp,must buy!!!!
,Recommended,235600,11482324,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,BuffsOP,"Personally, I love games that allow a lot of choices as a player, and this game definitely gives me that. The missions are very non-linear. By that, I mean that you get inserted in an area, and you get extracted in a different area. That's about all there is for linearism. Most of the rest of the mission is your call.Pick your own playstyle - Ghost, Panther, or Assault - as you go along. In some missions, you might prefer running around blasting everything in sight. Doing so would give you points as Assault. If you'd rather kill silently and keep out of sight, Panther is probably going to be the way you play most often. If you like, you can avoid killing enemies entirely by stunning them with an array of gadgets. That'll give you points as Ghost.I enjoy it mostly for the freedom and flexibility in the single-player missions. There is a rather interesting multiplayer, also. It's quite a bit different from the normal, and somewhat stale, deathmatch that a lot of shooter multiplayer modes are based around. I'll leave you guys to see for yourself, because the single-player action is really what makes this game great."
,Recommended,235600,11682920,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Ophenius,A fusion of Chaos Theory and Conviction done right. 'Nuff said.
76561198044803112,Recommended,235600,11684250,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,jasonmckale,Awesome.
,Recommended,235600,11684558,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Spicy Kielbasa,BEST
,Recommended,235600,11686218,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,g4m3r,"Not bad at all, I think this Blacklist is like a perfect mix between the first SC chapters and the last one, Conviction, which was the one with more action sequences and less stealth, so one of the most criticized of the whole saga. Subterfuge is back again, but the fun part is that you freely decide how to take missions, three different approach styles are available and many different routes through fairly big levels give you a rather good decisional power.Unfortunately the story is full of cliches and I think the ""USA under attack"" theme has tired everyone, but fortunately Sam Fisher is a powerful main character as always; this together with the challenge given by higher difficulty levels (start from Realistic at least) and a well programmed AI, help the player in taking the single player campaign to an end. Then you can try the Spy vs Mercenaries multiplayer modes, or coop together with a friend in dedicated levels, but I had an hard time finding someone, so until now it was a solitary experience for me.Technically Ubisoft made a very good work with the abused Unreal 3 engine, animations are smooth, facial expressions realistic, textures have a good detail, special fx on par with the actual generation, nothing jaw dropping but everything is at its place. The sound compartment fills the frame with a nice techno thriller soundtrack and good effects. I found that movements and acting were smoother and faster in this game, I was able to pass from action to stealth in a matter of seconds and in general Blacklist's gameplay is less restricted to fixed moves and let you experiment and be more flexible like never before.I liked Blacklist, I don't know if more than my previous favorite (Chaos Theory), but the two are near each other. Don't be afraid, stealth is again a viable way to play, I played the whole campaign using Ghost mode, realistic difficulty , without killing a single man, and it took me about 23/24 hours. Now I have some coop mission to play solo and I hope to be able to try multiplayer. There is a lot of content in this game, if you liked and played all previous Splinter Cells I really suggest you to play Blacklist, you will not be disappointed at all!"
76561198076410850,Recommended,235600,11668344,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sleet,"This game is AWESOME.It tends to be based around what so many new mainstream shooter games are based, but with a cool twist - a very spy-like game play.Instead of running in guns-a-blazing, you can choose (and in some cases you have no choice) to do the mission the quiet, non-detectable way. The tools provided for you to work out your strategy are really fun to use. Makes you feel like a very gadgety spy.That is also the other thing cool about this game... there's no A to B way of doing a mission. You are given the freedom to choose how you approach a mission. You can go in from the side, from top to bottom, or from the main entrance. It doesn't matter. It's about what works for you.Even more, the co-op is great! Figuring out how to work together in order to get through a mission undetected is some of the most fun I've had with gameplay.I definitely recommend this game. It rates well in all fields!"
76561198075225194,Not Recommended,235600,11677792,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PUNK,STEAM USE'S THIS TO FORCE UPLAY ON YOU WITHOUT WARNING. I CANT GET MONEY BACK AND WONT HAVE UPLAY. JUST ANOTHER STEAM RIP OFF DOWNLOAD THAT STUTTERS AND HOGS MEMORY BECAUSE UPLAY IS JUST HORRIBLELY CODED.
,Recommended,235600,11680809,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"Great voice acting, Good gameplay,good graphics, intriguing story, great ending.More than one way to play a mission, using stealth or brute force.Main campaign also includes side missions and multiplayer to improve your gear by earning cash.I have played, and finished, all of the splinter cell games.I loved this one. Check it out."
76561198006982918,Recommended,235600,11609999,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Grubbs117,"Let me begin by saying that I like to play Splinter Cell the traditional way. Using a gun as little as possible and moving undetected.I really want to like this game and I do. I only wish that I liked it a little more. I have played every Splinter Cell from Pandora Tomorrow (the second game in the series) to Conviciton (the one just before this). Really Chaos Theory was the height of this series in terms of stealth gameplay but I also loved Conviction as it was a breath of fresh air for the series. Blacklist is like a combination of the two, which sounds good in theory but is not so in execution. Guards are more alert than in previous games and have a greater field of view. This is good sometimes and frustrating others. For example when a gaurd spots me in the shadows, while I thought I was well hidden. The whistle makes a return in this game but this too can be frustrating. It is difficult to judge the distance at which it is safe to whistle. Whistle from the correct distance and a guard may come closer. Whistle when your too close to a gaurd and he will instantly know your position. This game also marks the entry of new enemy types such as sheilded opponents and heavily armored ""tanks"". This again sounds like a good things but can be extremely frustrating. Many of these enemies can only be taken out from behind which doesnt sound too difficult but remember that the AI in this game is far better at detection than in the past. More than once I have been behind an enemy, about to perform a takedown, when suddenly he detects me. Once a ""tank"" detects you theres really no way to take him out until you go incognito again because attacks from the front wont work. Another new enemy is the drone operator. He will send multiple little rc cars driving around to detect you. These are easy to spot but still frustrating. If one spots you if will alert everyone, run into, and explode. The drone operator also blocks your goggles, so no sonar or nightvision until you take him out. Blacklist also features a number of daylight mission. A large number of daylight missions. These missions are not like the jungle in Pandora Tomorrow, these mission are much more like the ones in Conviction. Imagine playing Conviction but every mission is in broad daylight. I enjoyed seeing some new colors but sneaking around in daylight just isn't as fun as in shadows. Also forget about hiding bodies because hiding spaces are few and far between. There really is no point in hiding bodies other than a small point reward which is not worth spending the time to obtain. Stealth feels harder in this game, even more so than in Chaos Theory (which wasn't particularly challenging but I'm trying to make a point) and some how stealth feels less rewarding. The campaign has its moments and truthfully at the time of this review I have not finished the single player campaign. So far it has been pretty decent but it feels a little gimmicky at times. For example I think that one of everyones favorite moments in Conviction was (spoiler alert) runing through Third Eshcelon as it exploded. Well there are a lot of moments like this in both the single and multiplayer campaign. A lot of running through explosions, minus the infinite mark and execute. There are also a few ""Hey, check out our quadrotor"" moments in the single player campaign. And making a return from Conviction, there is a first person shooter segment (I know it was third person last time but its a shooting segment) though this time there is a little more stealth involved. Some coop gimmicks work a little better such as a segment where one player controls a UAV providing support as the other makes their way through an alley. But there are also not so good ones such as a segment where both player must literally sit in place and fend off waves of enemies. Honestly the multiplayer is what felt the most like Splinter Cell and I should not that I have never played Spies Vs Mercs before. The game modes are all variations of the classic Spies Vs Mercs (this is included as well). None of these really require too much description as they are not very different from the classic Spies Vs Mercs. If you didn't like that game mode I find it unlikely that you will like the others. I really enjoyed the Classic Spies Vs Mercs game mode in Blacklist and it is some of the most tense multiplayer that I have ever experienced. The third person spies must hack the three merc computers and stay alive until the download is complete. Meanwhile the first person mercs must hunt down the hacker and kill him. It sounds like there would be an easy way to explit this game mode but I have not seen it. Occasionally some one will put a landmine on the computer but there are three of them (or you could destroy the mine) so even that is not too big an issue. When you hear about Splinter Cell Blacklist or watch the E3 demos you expect the best of both worlds. A good mix of Chaos Theory (or Double Agent) and Conviction. The reality is a game that feels like it does neither very well. I had fun with Splinter Cell Blacklist but not nearly as much as I was expecting. If you're a fan of Splinter Cell its probably worth picking up for $5. I got the Deluxe version for $13 and while I'm not disappointed with my purchase I would probably not pay that price for it again. It continues Sams Story, brings back Victor and Sarah, and theres even a few curve balls from Conviction but somehow this Splinter Cell game just feels off. Due to new enemies and daylight misisons this game does not play like Chaos Theory. Due to more alert (possibly too alert) AI and, again, daylight missions this game does not play like Conviciton either. I would give Splinter Cell Blacklist a 7 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,235600,11701745,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,bong_loser,"I have beaten the game, played a little bit of multiplayer, so here is my worthless opinion. First the good bit...this game has much better workable stealth mechanics compared to the previous one i.e Conviction. The world is littered with vents, alternate routes to avoid a seemingly crowded area, and an array of gadgets which can be used to incapcitate or foes in various manner. Sam Fischer is as sprightly as ever (although with a new voice) and the movement animations are smooth and well done. A.I isn't bad either. Multiplayer is really fun, especially the spies vs merck.So what is wrong with it and why have I given a thumbs down?Well, two main reasons, one of them technical, and the other one technical but plain stupid. The technical first (and I know this is not going to be shared by everyone): When you are making a stealth game MAKE A GOD DAMN QUICK SAVE OPTION. Yes, yes, I hear people cringe, it will make it too easy, and if you can't handle your mistakes, better not play it, well to each his own I would say. Splinter Cell Chaos theory is arguably one of the most popular and favourite among splinter cell veterans, and that didn't become lesser because of quick save. Or what would you say about Dishonored, or even the original thief? To rub salt to the wound, the checkpoints are like 10-15 minutes apart, so, if you screw up a nice playthrough which consisted of some smart alternate route finding, some lucky dash, you can screw it up in the last minute. If you are playing it on Rookie level, then you can just shoot, otherwise you will die easily and replay the last 10-15 minutes, not an ideal solution. The Grim missions are even worse, a whole mission without a checkpoint and no option to get detected, i.e even if you get detected during last stage of exfil, you restart the whole mission. But atleast they are optional. I have played all the splinter cell till now, but looking that developers are least bothered to implement a quicksave or atleast a frequent checkpointing, this is likely to be my last one.The other stupid reason? The game refuses to save if you play it offline!! Really Ubisoft??"
,Recommended,235600,11517930,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,D4rKxNoVa,this game did take a while to fix but it was worth the effort
76561198071590616,Recommended,235600,11764661,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,FreakShow_Papaya,Haven't played a Splinter Cell since Pandora Tommorow on Xbox. This is up there with them. Great stealth action.
76561198105516702,Recommended,235600,11756031,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Schickster,I AM SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PISSED i keep getting the error ubisoft game launcher is missing ive installed uplay seperatly but keeps coming with pls help.
76561198099286791,Recommended,235600,11781272,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Greed,IT IS SO FUN
76561198091148591,Recommended,235600,11605544,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BookWyrme,"Do not buy this if you are looking for something like chaos theory imo, I love chaos theory, and this is fun though not as good, but to me seems way more gadget oriented rather than movement stealth, I hated how you couldn't move silently just walking, you had to move from one cover to another, but is very fun for stealthy gadgets and shooting"
76561198031523813,Recommended,235600,11438046,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Infidel72,If you like stealth this is game for you ......... for me the best in last 10 years .......
,Recommended,235600,7517718,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Kutari13,"Great story and gameplay. Playing htis game reminded me of watching a thriller with many things to be excited about. The singleplayer and multiplayer are threaded together and the in game menus are streamlined as well.Sam's new voice actor also does a solid job, he isn't no Michael Ironside, and he isn't trying to be. I originally thought I would be dissapointed with this simply because of that fact. I was proven wrong.You're given the freedom to finish these missions in any style that you want. Do you go in guns ablazing? With placed mines protecting your flanks and a plan B in case things don't go as you wished? Do you take them out one by one? Planning out each step ahead of time (or seconds before things happen). Or do you find that path that turns you into a ghost and no one knew you were there?This game is the bestEDIT: I'm adding something to this review since much time has passed by and I still do activly play this game. I am very dissapointed in the servers this game has had of late. I'm guessing there is a lack of players or good connections, I'm not sure. But everytime I try to find any games online it seems to be only me who is playing. When I do find any rooms, sometime midmatch the game will ""quit"" and notify me that the Blacklist servers are currently unavailable. Perhaps it's a connection problem on my end? I don't think so, since when this game came out I had no problems like this.This game is still great, I still play through the single player campaign, the only thing I regret, is I have not yet played through co-op since everytime I try to find someone, they either leave midgame, or I get the usual, ""blacklist servers are currently unavailable"" 90 hours of gameplay logged on for me, and I still have not been able to find a stable partner to play with.If you do have a personal friend and they get this game, then good for you, I am extremely jealous as none of my friends find this game interesting.I do wish online multiplayer SvM (spies vs mercs) was still as active as it once was"
,Recommended,235600,9217042,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Cromica,A lot more fun than I thought it would be. Can't wait to try the coop and multiplayer.
76561198021848571,Recommended,235600,9895732,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,MercWithAMouth,"Other than Sam having a different voice actor, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Lots of side-missions and it isnt as stealth-focused as the original games but it does have more stealth than Conviction so whatever."
,Recommended,235600,9889230,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dude Who,Better then Conviction in almost every way. It takes the best stuff of the entire franchise and puts it into a near perfect blend of yummy goodness (Yes I did put it in my mouth. Don't ask how). Any fan of the Stealth genre should pick this up.
,Recommended,235600,11551934,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Xzarion,"A pretty fun campaign. If you like stealth games you'll like this. As for the multiplayer, it currently has a pretty high skill curve due to the fact that there aren't many new players anymore so most still playing are veterans. However, once you get the hang of Spies vs Mercs, it's one of the more interesting multiplayers in my book."
,Recommended,235600,11714677,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Sheriff Mintz,"This game got a good stealth system and much better AI than some other games, and can choose to play according your style mostly. Worth to give a try."
,Recommended,235600,7471596,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Fenixius,"MULTIPLAYER: I really wish I could recommend this game. If it cost $20, I could, but for $70, with the amount of technical problems, from huge latency to failed host migrations to inconsistent takedowns, I can't. Which is a huuuuge shame, because it's got some of the most excellent gameplay in the field of asymmetrical multiplayer in years. It's fast, fairly smooth, and got some very cool interplay between the two sides. There are so few games of deception on Steam that I kinda wanna recommend it anyway... keep your eyes out for a sale, I guess? A game of 8 local players would be amazing.SINGLEPLAYER: This game has singleplayer? Oh, it does. It's... okay? Reminds me of the better level design that Deus Ex Human Revolution had >_> Story means nothing here; it's just Clancy-esque pulp. Graphics are lovely, but who cares these days? Gameplay in SP is a stock standard average stealth 'em up."
,Recommended,235600,11650318,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Beholder,"Awesome stealth action, ten times better than Hitman Absolution.9/10"
76561198061323455,Recommended,235600,10978812,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gooberdidoo,its amazing- stealth gameplay and has the best co-op eva. Buy it or fite me.
76561198046673495,Not Recommended,235600,10982280,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,podcast69,Runs like diarrhea
76561198023609330,Recommended,235600,11820751,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Adiferous,"The best Splinter Cell ever. Developers merged thoughtfulness of Chaos Theory and dynamism of Coviction, and create really great action game."
76561197975549944,Recommended,235600,11823089,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mugiwara,"Splinter Cell: Blacklist is a stealth game of the robust, rule-based kind, where each environment is a puzzle waiting to be cracked. You slip snake cameras under doors or use sonar vision to get the lay of the land. Then, you pick a route and use the gadgets you’ve brought with you to eliminate each guard in order.I really like it and I truly reccomend this game!"
76561197970527469,Recommended,235600,10808529,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tantoonie0,"Probably my favorite game in the series since ""Chaos Theory"" and easily one of its most flexible entries, in terms of the freedom to approach missions via pure stealth/action/a mixture of the two."
,Recommended,235600,10808679,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,M3ND4C17Y,"Blacklist is awesome! Stealth mechanics are tight, gadgets are useful, your gear can be heavily upgraded, the story is compelling and the graphics aren't bad. Similar to Mass Effect, your base of operations is a plane, you can walk around it and chat to team mates for missions and upgrades, you select missions from a large map and you even look and sound a lot like Commander Shepard."
76561198073917036,Recommended,235600,10810678,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Killa,este juego te muestra el rol de un espia 8.5/10
,Recommended,235600,10813564,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JayT,Very entertaining game; a good sequel to SC: Conviction. I recommend to anyone who enjoys stealth and action games.
76561198009806647,Not Recommended,235600,10813596,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Get Shwifty,Dont buy it uplay is broken
,Recommended,235600,27973424,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kambiing,"Decent co op, wait for sale. (at least 50%)"
,Recommended,235600,27744435,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,|HVC| EMP'R'R,Aside from some optimisation failures and movement awkwardnesses. This is a good game! Its not as good as the older Splinter cells. But i still enjoy every minute in this game.
,Recommended,235600,27640105,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cx3,Stealth kill your way to victory.WORTH YOU TIME
76561198146511940,Recommended,235600,27745535,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ToXiCrAzE,Great game!
76561198096797257,Recommended,235600,27542225,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kaneki,"One of the best Stealth game i ever played , amazing game"
76561198013742197,Recommended,235600,27738970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fuck Face,Best game ever!!
,Recommended,235600,27741888,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ceariko,Excellent co-op game.
,Recommended,235600,27579765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SeatSaltWingWang,Split/10 - no split jump
,Recommended,235600,27928994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ultimate Bin Chicken,stealth/10
76561198206214457,Recommended,235600,27928602,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rosi,"i can play this game with 2 wayfirst, you can go kill the other enemies with the stealthsecond ,you can kill  the enemies with the brutal"
76561198098315485,Recommended,235600,27795171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Old Mate Joel,Good game but I found the PC port to be very inconsistent. Constant lagging and occasional glitches made an otherwise solid game that a less enjoyable than it could have been.7/10 Game. On steam: 6/10.
,Recommended,235600,25327901,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,◆Spyingninja◆,like the story line and the weaponry but the AI not so good
76561198082523590,Recommended,235600,17196484,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Araujo2013_BR,"I am a fan of Tom Clancy's games, mostly Splinter Cell, Rainbow Six Vegas 1/2 and Advanced Warfighter 1/2. IMHO, Blacklist is an awesome game... I didn´t like Conviction and I quit playing it. Again I am very late, but this game is very enjoyable. That is my favorite game style, 3PS cover action/stealth mode. For now, I am focusing on coop missions only.After 2 years, there are a lot of online players for coop missions. Weapons and gadgets are interesting. I have a very old hardware, a 4GB i5 Notebook hence I need to run this game at lowest quality settings.Give it a try and have fun."
76561198257528891,Recommended,235600,26359251,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,🐰 POZITIV ✔,"10/10 CS:GO KARAMBITS10/10 ASSASINS CREED COPY10/10 ""I CAN HEAR YOU FROM BEHIND""10/10 OLD MEN10/10 GAMEPLAY10/10 - MY PERSONAL GAME RATINGIts acctually worth the money!Hope you liked my rewiew and please dont forget to like it becouse its free god damn it ! ;3"
,Recommended,235600,27486589,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maverick,"The gameplay is neat - stealth approach is very simmilar to Far Cry 3 and it works very well, however if you want to be more of a fu&k-sh&t-up dude, levels seem too ""narrow"" for that. The best part of the game is it's main (as well as secondary) character who is performs at his peak in this part. The plot is designed in a way to emphisize Fisher's awesomeness which made me sink into the world like almost never else (looking at you, Bioshock: Infinite).The only serious drawback I can pin to this title is multiplayer, and I'm pretty sure it's more of a Uplay retardness fault, rather than developers themself. The multi is frequently dead or offline. If it isn't, you will get wrecked by guys who play this game 500h+ and on top of that there is no ingame voice communication, whereas there are various ways of muting other players for no fu&kin reason whatsoever. The biggest pain comes from the fact that multi has tremendous potential but as allways got screwed up by few ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who must have rushed publishing of the game..."
76561198111123022,Recommended,235600,27485612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BasPeter,This game is an awesome game!i've played it for many hours coop with a friend.The satisfaction when you clear an entire level with a handgun without being noticed is amazing :)10/10
76561198050046034,Recommended,235600,27411729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,John,Gameplay: APlot: A-Graphics/Art Style: BReplayability: B+Fun: B+Music/Sound: BOverall rating: B+
,Recommended,235600,27064244,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rusty Rhino,This game are so awesome!Stealth and non lethal option is the best in this game!
76561197960570861,Recommended,235600,27420106,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Barrakuda,Игра очень хорошая ! интересная . жаль что мало играют в неё )
76561198120224016,Recommended,235600,27467171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AntaPro,Awesome game !
,Recommended,235600,19494783,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,LY,became a ninja after this game gg btw light shooting simulator
,Recommended,235600,19423738,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Florian,"I remember with pleasure the first Splinter Cell game. The other games in the series not let me down, this can be said about Blacklist"
76561197968900949,Recommended,235600,19493072,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Panthermodern23,"nice gamefew control glitches here or there, nothing too serious."
,Recommended,235600,19272756,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jozéfinho Stalinho,Uplay sucks!
,Recommended,235600,19154765,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sol,"If you can get ubisoft's uplay to work for you then this game actually deserves a score in the 90s.Not sure if the multiplayer is still supperted though.Edit: after playing the final mission in the campaign I almost feel like removing my recommendation for this game: it was that bad.I'm going to leave it with my reccomendation, but try to avoid playing the bunker mission. It really just ruins the fun of the rest of the game and I don't think I'm going to be coming back."
,Recommended,235600,19284532,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Snake,I dont understand why people are blaming UPLAY all the time...I have this game through UPLAY and never once had an issueit is just possible it could be a hardware issue instead of UPLAYAnyway I love the splinter cell franchise i played every one of them and completed all of themI would highly recomends this game for people who likes freedom to do some missions how ever you likeThis game i would rate atleast a 4/5 star
76561198074129227,Recommended,235600,19445280,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Boredom Hellcase.comPvpro.com,noice
76561198210652896,Recommended,235600,19409451,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Reborn,"Advantages*Good graphic in game 2013*if enemy find you ,you will die because blood in game very minimum*nice tactics in game*you can change gadgets,goggles,ops suit,pistol,alternate weapon,special weapon*you can upgrade planeDeficiency*why if you want launch this game at uplayMy rating this game 8,5/10"
,Recommended,235600,19422943,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Arancii,"I saw many negative reviews because of Uplay but it isn't even that bad, this game is awesome and epic, i love it and I recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,235600,19473999,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KillSwitch,"This WOULD be a great game but for some reason it periodically becomes unplayable. Commands won't execute, I get stuck inside floors, corners and what not (it's not a computer problem, my system is top nothc and everything else runs fine) and I really really hate the ""menu"" if you can even call it that. Frankly I've spent more time trying to figure out where to find the stuff I want and how to restart a campaign from scratch (which I still can't) than playing so far :/I really really want to give it a good recommendation but I can't."
76561198100191573,Not Recommended,235600,19337201,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Braided Asshair,"I really love to play this game. IF ONLY UPLAY DID NOT INTERFERED. ♥♥♥♥ up uplay causing all sorts of nonsense ranging from game crashing, failure to save my progress after completing 3 ♥♥♥♥ing long missions, as a result i had to source for solutions online while the support in uplay doesn't even give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥ People who torrented this game are definitely happier than me."
76561198014389766,Recommended,235600,19512600,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Juice,Beautiful coop and SP. MUST HAVE IT !MP is dead.
,Recommended,235600,19348068,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,richard.claus,"right now it's the benchmark of stealthy shooty 3rd person games in my opinion. dumb story, great controls, nice visuals. recommend."
,Recommended,235600,19368083,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ChillyMatt4,Ninja Fun!
76561198102324944,Recommended,235600,19398758,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Oliver,"Probably one of the most underated games out there. The only real problem I've had with it is that the levels seem to be mostly linear, but there are secret passages to spice things up. Character customization is pretty deep and there are plenty of missions, but the story doesn't really make much sense when you think about it. Unfortunately multi-player has been pretty empty as far as I've seen so there realy isn't much to do after you complete the main game and side missions. If you see it on sale I would reccommend that you get it."
76561198046743625,Recommended,235600,13987831,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,skottdtchlnd,This game rocks. Buy it. Buy it now.
76561198019032067,Not Recommended,235600,15146846,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,vegark,"Bought this game for coop, not possible to connect to friends through Uplay. Will never buy a game which requires Uplay again. Uplay is utterly horrible in every sense!"
76561198085767528,Recommended,235600,15146932,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Retlaw523,"This is one of the few games that really take me on it for a long time. Missions are long but very enterteining, gameplay is various and graphics and sound make you very absorbed in the atmosphere. I highly raccomend it."
76561198086645454,Recommended,235600,15148859,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[EON] NinjaProNico,Its a Great game but the controls are kinda complex so if you get it i recomend binding your keys.
76561198002789672,Recommended,235600,2134048,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Albinon05,"AWSOME!!, the best Splinter Cell ever."
,Recommended,235600,15164086,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Emotion,Dogs are glitched AFco-op is dope
,Recommended,235600,15222391,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dave America,"This is the best spy and secrecy agency based game yet. If you actually count Metal Gear it as the best. So do I, but this game comes close in gameplay and has a far more realistic setting so I see those to francises as two different pair of shoes.But this game has it all. It looks beautiful. It is authentic. It has the feels. And the movements and controls are so fluent and well animated that it actually feels like you know what you are doing. Now that I have played this game I am ready for some spy-action so I cant wait for the next sequel.I originally bought this game because I wanted to play it in Coop. And the Coop-Missions are fantastic. Simultanious take downs feel amazing and the Coop-Only-mechanics add even more ways to finish the job than in single player mode.The only thing that bugs me is the Online-Mode. The idea of spys vs. mercs seems fun but the matchmaking is horrifying and new players probably get steamrolled. This is just because of the lack of explaination of how what even works. I played 3 games and was extremely frustrated. But maybe I am a noob. If you are looking for a fun game to play online I would rather recommend Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Phantoms. It includes an advanced version of the capture-a-zone-mechanism, minus the awesome Splinters Cell moves.If you want to play an awesome campaign and love espionage/stealth-games or you have a friend who likes those, grab this game now and play the living crap out of it."
,Recommended,235600,15224812,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,jktmstokes1,"Amazing game. 9/10Good voice acting, okay story, and it is still one of the best looking games out when maxed out. Looks good at higher resolutions and keeps high FPS.The gameplay is very smooth, enjoyable and addicting.It hits most check marks you want a game to hit. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,235600,15245122,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Saminja,"Highly recommend, super fun gameplay, the single player as well as co-op campaign is enormous fun and thrilling"
,Not Recommended,235600,15245908,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,AtomicAdamBomb,"I would love to play this game, but UPlay never works and that is the only way I can play this game. Fantastic!"
,Recommended,235600,15247261,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pilkasis Vilkas,"Where Ghost Recon: Future Soldier failed to be a decent PC makeover Blacklist exceeds and even rocks on the PC platform! There is nothing to whine about within the game. The game has good graphics, great optimization, cutscenes and actual gameplay look amazing (even the game is made in 2013). Blacklist has single-player, co-op and multiplayer modes.The single-player: I think the campaign with it's variety of locations and mission types makes the game one to be played again and again. I'm not gonna spoil anything for you since the game has a good plot and you'll enjoy it throughout if you like 3rd person shooters. The campaign missions are only playable alone so there's sadly no co-op :/You can earn weapons and gear when you complete missions.There's 4 difficulty modes to choose from: Recruit which gives light challenge and you can even go charging if you want, Normal offers the basic challenge, it's advised you don't go guns blazing. Realistic is my favorite difficulty, gives a tough challenge but at the same times allows you to have a realistic and a fair firefight. The last one is Perfectionist, for those who seek mastering the game or going for achievements.Co-Op: I haven't played it much but the co-op missions have same distinct features, other one plays as Sam Fisher and the other as Briggs. Most of the missions are considered fun but somewhat challenging. However the game doesn't tend to be annoying at any point.Multiplayer: It's a classic team deathmatch with spies against mercenaries, I did like it even tough it gets annoying sometimes when you face sudden death haha.Go for it! It's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,235600,13772580,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bill Kerman,This game has great single player action.  It's very playable and fun.  Multiplayer is useless because uPlay sucks a lot.  I've never successfully connected to another player.Waste of time.
,Recommended,235600,15234200,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,"Ha, Welcome back!",had a ton of fun playing co-op!
76561198124563101,Recommended,235600,21949742,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Spartan546,"A very good plotline but multiplat\yer is crap, but the moneys worth for the Storey. Nice cutscenes as well and alot of customization can be done"
76561197991461638,Recommended,235600,21080478,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JohnDecker49,The hardest boss fight in this game is Uplay.
76561198090211212,Recommended,235600,20711066,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jake Hodgson,cheaper than conviction 10/10
,Recommended,235600,19451150,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,David0vić,Great game it's right up there with choas theory and double agent my two favourite in the series. They got their sh*t together after conviction which i gave a 3/10. The coop is great too its the first splinter cell game where i tried out the coop its really good stuff. The plot was pretty decent and the gameplay is so fun even though its probably the most casual game in the series (not counting conviction).  I gave choas theory and double agent an 8 and this is just as good.8/10 (Great)
,Recommended,235600,21030835,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chrono's Hunter,Awesome story game !
76561198092589929,Not Recommended,235600,13724067,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Reshende,Can't connect to Uplay right now. Try again later.1 year laterCan't connect to Uplay right now. Try again later.
76561198170142509,Recommended,235600,21314276,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DR_ShoeEatingAlien()_-?>5@;~8}[7,This game is hard at first because it doesn't slowly get u into the flow of the stealth but you get the hang of it and it's a great game with great stealth dynamics and fun parlour/climbing . Mercy vs spies is fun but I think the spies are a bit over powered
76561198217619133,Recommended,235600,22075694,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ayeitsam,"if u are a cod player who likes running + gunning, don't buy. Otherwise, do it now"
76561198091863524,Recommended,235600,22131172,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Meticulusly,"Excellent, must buy for anyone ever enjoyed any of the Splinter Cell series."
76561198089544350,Recommended,235600,19837411,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Private Eye,"Surprisingly good even though Hillary is president in this game, if not for her I think the game would lack a true villain."
76561198131047414,Recommended,235600,19839634,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,John Lennon,"Really great game, I can feel it. If you're into these sort of stealth stuff, you're going to love it. Sam is a ♥♥♥♥ing try hard though.This is game requires lots of patience, I'm not a ♥♥♥♥♥, so I have none. If you do, get this game."
,Recommended,235600,19839688,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Eiseps,"I watched Chriss Smoove walkthrough and thought: ""I will never be eable to purches this game""... No i own it and have no time to play it.. hate capitalism... oh and Uplay sucks :("
76561198069210077,Recommended,235600,19839891,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Unmatched44,"This game is good. However, after hours of playing, it became too easy for me, even on the hardest difficulty. After figuring out the AI and how they react to certain things, you'll be able to breeze throguth any mission. Also, if you do all the side missions early on in the story you will be able to unlock almost all the top teir items, again...way too easy. I am giving this game a 8/10. It is definatly worth a buy on a discount."
,Recommended,235600,20245571,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Libidine,"As a general rule, anything bearing the Tom Clancy name is destined to be excellent; Blacklist is no exception. The mechanics feel polished; the story is compelling, even if a little cliche at moments; tthe graphics (for the time it was released) look fantastic and still hold up. Framerate was a minor issue when dealing with a large amount of movin physics objects and aesthetics. It's a solid entry in the Splinter Cell family, but by no means the best in terms of story and immersion. And then there's Uplay...the less said on that the better.7.5/10 with a recommendation to buy just for the satisfaction of shooting terrorists in the face."
,Recommended,235600,20366394,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Gooeykat,"Fantastic, best SC I've played, including Conviction, DA and CT.  Really enjoying it, tons of missions with repayability, DLC ain't bad either."
76561198123856034,Recommended,235600,12884429,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ThePCGeek,Honestly i think this is a pretty good splinter cell game. not the best in the series it does have its annoying moments where you get stuck but when you can get throught it its not bad
,Not Recommended,235600,20480737,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jalek,Loved It Until Coop/Invite Was Broken.
,Recommended,235600,20413899,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Leo Undead #RUNSKG,Awesome game! Must have for stealth lovers. Much better than some recent stealth games *cof* Thief Reboot *cof*
76561198137208210,Recommended,235600,20538823,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,labrador.6,"It's a good way for the franchise after the disaster of conviction , Blacklist is a good Splinter Cell, has better things to others as more game modes, more weapons , improved gameplay ...In general it is not as difficult as the previous , but if you want complete 100% has its peaks of difficulty."
,Recommended,235600,19816382,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,One of the most underated games ever. Near perfect stealth gameplay. Stupid story. Genious last boss. Fun Co-op.
76561198088358091,Recommended,235600,19803263,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,iDrake,"Most amazing stealth game , multiplayer , shooter !Just love it <3"
76561198137532074,Recommended,235600,23344948,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jim Raynor,Its a really fun game i've made a lot of friends online and coop online vs is hard at first watch some spy tips and tricks vids or mercs tips and tricks vid and you'll get the hang of it ok i have low hours of playtime im typing this from a new pc so i have low hours of gametime but trust me i have over 200 careful of hackers though Good luck
,Recommended,235600,23340189,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Hekatarina Drvetski,Game is good for single player. Multiplayer servers are not working properly
76561197993082428,Recommended,235600,23209060,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,KestrelSB,"One thing I find particularly irritating about this game is when you're on a dead drop mission.  The soldiers in every wave tend to hover around the area where you're hiding.  They are supposed to recon the whole area to look for you, not by some magical intuition start strolling around the one room where you are at....  The dogs would make more sense to do that since they can smell, but not the people.  Another thing, sometimes when you are hiding and another wave comes out, the music all a sudden gets tense, and they are charging right at you for no reason.It takes away from the realism and makes me salty.  Especially since I play perfectionist and try to play ghost style.Other than that the game is great8/10"
,Recommended,235600,18508641,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,CaptSarge,"What if you took Conviction and made it into a Splinter Cell game? Because that's what Blacklist is. A faster paced and genuinly good stealth game. It doesn't top Chaos Theory, but I can confidently say it's easily the second best in the series. The game awards you for ghosting and non-leathal play style.Though Sam should be a new character in this game. Lack of Ironside really shows."
76561198160621426,Recommended,235600,23260318,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SkyrimKing78,truly an epic game and i love it
76561198004022855,Recommended,235600,23773480,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,maldorf,"Overall I would rate this game a 8.5/10. Good graphics and sound to be sure, good realism. The controls get a bit clunky at times when dodge from cover to cover but it still works well. The AI in the game is pretty good. The voice acting is decent as is the story line. I got a good 20 hrs gametime out of it completing the campaign. I did a few of the extra missions given out by the other members of the team, but overall those missions were diifficult and annoying. Many of the missions really force you to use stealth because if you do not then you get ganged up on by another 15 enemies and little remote control car bombs rush at you from every direction. Some of these missions actually abort if you are discovered. I gave up on completing many of those becaue I would get to the end and not be able to finish."
,Recommended,235600,23768832,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,123,Great game
,Recommended,235600,23689550,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AJ,"7 out of 10.While Splinter Cell Blacklist have returns to it stealth root, there are still a lot of problems that I have with this game:- No Michael Ironside voicing Sam Fisher.- The campaign story is terrible compare to the older game.- Some missions force the player into FPS session which is not fun at all, too much horde mode.- The side missions are more challenging than the main campaign.- Coop is hit or miss, most of the time you can't even find a coop partner.- Uplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Checkpoint system is terrible, you can't manually save at all."
,Recommended,235600,23936328,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Posthuman,Stays true to the splinter cell franchise.....great game but I did have some trouble initially with the game because the controls froze up I think it had something to do with Uplay......
76561197994926259,Recommended,235600,23592400,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gatchaman97,"Splinter Cell Blacklist is an excellent stealth action game. I really enjoyed the characterization of Sam Fisher in 'Blacklist'. He's basically a cross between Jack Bauer and a ninja, and it's pretty awesome. The plot of the game seems like it actually could have been a story arc on '24'. If any of that sounds interesting to you, I highly recommend giving Blacklist a try. The game perhaps is not worth paying full price, but it's definitely worth getting when it's on sale."
,Recommended,235600,16085140,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Lîvay,"Free jumping similiar Assasins Creed but not it! This game so nice, I highly recommend"
76561198057972142,Recommended,235600,24452573,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,damzeh,"The game is amazing. You really feel like this spider ninja ghost type creature as you lurk around varied locations taking out terrorists. The game allows you to customize each way you play meaning you can customize your character and also your loadout that you use. Depending on what you take, it can alter the entire way you play the game. The game provides frequent rewards which you can use to upgrade your weapons, base, gear, gadgets, etc. so there is always an incentive to try make these small achievements (e.g. kill X amount of enemies a certain way, not disturbing guards, etc).As for the story, it is engaging enough that you care about what happens. There are plenty of side mission too and you can go back and replay missions, meaning there is a decent amount of replay value.I think this is the best Splinter Cell game."
76561198297914469,Recommended,235600,24480227,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,S T U V11,This game make me learn how to sneak like a Spy...Very recommended games...Multiplayer Available..Play it with your friends and community..
,Recommended,235600,24489967,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tsviki,"I love the way the game works. You have a lot of options and you can do whatever you wish for in order to get the job done.For me i like to be more quite then base in with guns and mines, that makes the game way more intresting, since you can fine a lot of way to get in and out from situations.If you like some good tactical game with a lot of options to pick your favorite game style type, even if its quiet or eiter full power on the trigger, you will find this game fun. Awesome story line and good missions and gameplay, option to play coop missions makes the game a lot more fun, since you can set up a plan with a friend and play the game how ever you like.Awesome game!"
,Recommended,235600,9002958,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,スカーレットssr_,It has everything a true splinter cell fan could ever want ^^ !
76561198058010151,Recommended,235600,30812702,Posted: 29 March,all,hallodxDBL,"Why Ubi, why we can't play games awesome like this anymore..."
,Recommended,235600,24032867,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,I Quickscoped JFK,"This is not a splinter cell game in the conventional wayIf you liked Conviction you will like Blacklist. I feel like going full ghost is almost discouraged, they want you to play Sam as a ruthless predator who's basically batman. Predator really is the best way to play and going loud is very forgiving, even on realisitcPROS:Fun gameplay, stealth worksYou get to be Sam FisherNerdy gadgets and ok storyCONS:Why are there bugs in a game thats a few years old? Nothing gamebreaking but sometimes you can't run/sprint and sometimes you get stuck crouching. One time a door didn't trigger correctly and I had to reload a checkpointNo one plays multiplayer anymoreIt's pretty fun, definetly worth $10"
76561198016453282,Recommended,235600,23977239,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jedi Master,Very close to the Chaos Theory game. Very nice gameplay and a sign of going back to it's roots. A bit short though
76561198120475686,Recommended,235600,23876942,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tjerkkk,"Just started playing after having it in my lib for a while, and yes, I like it!"
,Recommended,235600,23866486,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Typhoon,"An amazing experience. When I bought the game, I thought ""It's a Splinter Cell game, how better can it be than the Conviction?"" Well it is better in every aspect. The atmosphere, the gameplay, it's all there. That bad♥♥♥♥♥dialogues are very well written, it's like an action movie and there's nothing to dislike. Even small details like some tunes you hear during the briefing, or the management section on the cargo plane is fun. Very well done, 10/10."
,Recommended,235600,27927223,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Q-ay,amazing game playso liveso realaltrough even the normal difficulty is hard enoughnot only wasting timebut really make forgoten the time
,Recommended,235600,27339771,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dymedot,One of the most unique of its genre. One of the example where Ubisoft didn't screwed up their games. This game was just awesome.
76561198048824804,Recommended,235600,27344351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,purakthedude,A little more action-y then older SC titles. But nonetheless still up there in most satisfying silent killer of all time.
,Recommended,235600,27358034,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,anthony142619,I am so confused am I supossed to rate Uplay or  SC:B????You know what I am going to do bothUplay 4/10- for all the extra hassleSC:B 10/10
76561198208243727,Recommended,235600,27348646,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peace mode ✌,I loved it
76561197995694860,Recommended,235600,27323886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Greg,I've played the first game of the series and it was very tough with a very restrictive game play. Since then the series improved with each game. I really like the series more and more and especially splinter cell blacklist.
76561198016769348,Recommended,235600,3060976,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,olegert          13rus,ЧУМАВАЯ ИГРА МНЕ ТАКИЕ НРАВЯТСЯ СОВЕТУЮ ВСЕМ ОСОБЕННО ТЕМ КТО ЛЮБИТ СТЕЛС
,Recommended,235600,27031915,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zzavior,This game is a full entertainment pack game. That gives you worth your of ur every penny with fantastic graphics and a nice story in go. The game has really nice attraction. But tge game ui is on tge down side but it is a fantastic game one can enjoy whole day.
,Recommended,235600,27040372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,trabajador  :^),sam fisher delude i live it!!!
76561198253598866,Recommended,235600,27374479,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pk_anand78,Evergreen stealth game of all time.
,Recommended,235600,27177226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Coyote,One of the top notch stealth game franchises.
76561198177119745,Recommended,235600,27201797,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,962432526,Never got tired.Great Game.
,Recommended,235600,26965291,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,99 in 1,"Sam Fisher back at it again! Now the smooth, suave looking man Majid Sadiq offers a new challenge for Sam and his fresh, dank a$$ mobile HQ, THE PALADIN!Story -  9/10Multiplayer COOP - 7/10PVP - 3/10 (No server picker, no chat, no cheat protection. Well it's Ubisoft soo.....)"
,Recommended,235600,26638586,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,chin9_ie & Freelya,POSITIVE:+Tense and exciting cooperative missions+Excellent competitive play gets the adrenaline flowing+The best missions invite you to experiment with guns and gadgets+Great high-stakes atmosphere pulls you into the core conflictNEGATIVE:-Various campaign idiosyncrasies disrupt the flow-Sam has lost some of his edge7/10SO SO...
,Recommended,235600,26650937,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Digri,Great game for fans of stealth!
76561198025655120,Recommended,235600,26551120,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,KG Soloman 5000,This is the best splintercell game. Everything you liked in Chaos Theory is in this game but improved. Nuff said.
,Recommended,235600,26538716,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,karthikdgr8,Mind Blowing
76561198086155165,Recommended,235600,26760065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IMPATIENT GAMER,If they had a fully First Person
,Recommended,235600,28419984,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rabid.-Wolf,The best spy game i have ever played it is similar to hitman but its a tom clancy game so you will meet your expectations here and multiplayer and coop is also a plus point in this game
76561198237439946,Recommended,235600,28387125,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sa1jck,Co-op is fun and solo story is nice
,Recommended,235600,1358720,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,moemiko,"yes,im splinter cell"
76561198042052395,Recommended,235600,28700754,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chemical Scum,"Writing this review since I think what one expect of the game, and what one gets are not the same thing, but I still think it's a good game. So, I'll split this into a few categories.1 Main character.This is not the Sam we know from previous titles. That's fine. There's been a lot of crying from Splinter Cell fans about Ironside not making the voice acting for Blacklist, and there's been some sighing about Sam seeming younger than previous titles. That's all fine. Sometimes, such things happens, in movies as well as in games. James Bond movies didn't sport the same actors either, and the actors interpeted James Bond differently as well. It doesn't have to be an issue unless you make it one. With that said, the new Sam is not a likeable person. He sort of tramples his team, and even though his calls are usually the right ones, it doesn't spell out team leader to me. He does however give off an air of competence, and uncompromising personalities are often likeable as long as you're not on the recieving end, which you as a player is not.2 Story.Meh. It's a predictable spy/terrorist/race against the clock story. There's nothing new to see here, and it doesn't have to be something new either. There's one plot wist in the whole game, as far as I am concerned, and it's ""sort of"" predictable as well. This is not what makes the game good, and if you're looking for a compelling and interesting story, look elsewhere.3 Gameplay.Let's make this clear, right off the bat. If you've read that Splinter Cell is a stealth game, and you're expecting stealth to be a necessity, you've been misinformed. Splinter Cell ->can<- be a stealth game, but doesn't have to be. It's true that you earn the highest score if you leave enemies undisturbed - that is, you're supposed to be a spy gathering information, and leave the fighting to the soldiers who swoop in after you've gotten what you came for. However, most of the unique mechanics in the game is focused on taking out enemies, rather than bypassing them. Much of your gear uses shock or gas to take out a target without injurying them. The controls are rather clunky, and ubisoft can't seem to be able to seperate keys for controls so jumping up to grab a pipe is the same key as hanging off a ledge, leading to the same problems as the assassin's creed franchise. Many of my rage moments with this game occured because I wanted Sam to do one thing, but the controls made him do something else.4 Experience.First time I played through Blacklist, I didn't get the sense that it was a stealth game. I saw it as a trial and error game with assassination elements. And if you are impatient, it will indeed be a trial and error game. My first impression of the game was thus that it's pretty bad. I couldn't easily forsee patrol routes, and didn't have neither time nor energy to memorize where hostiles were going. I was adamant that I shouldn't be seen during missions, and thus I restarted checkpoints and reran missions when they didn't go like I wanted to. My second playthrough was just as bad. I was focused on trying out the pure stealth approach, but again had no patience to learn patrol routes or think outside the box. It nearly ruined the game for me.I'm on my third playthrough as I'm writing this, and I have finally understood what you're ""supposed"" to do. See, the game gets good only when you play it like it's an ironman game. That is; only when you never actively choose to reload does the game get fun. Only when you disallow yourself to reload checkpoints and only allow it once it autoloads because you died, does it become the game it's supposed to be. Your reasoning, while playing like that, will change. You will become more patient, because the costs of replaying is too great. You will be excited, because if someone spots you, you're going to have to fight, and fighting isn't always easy. You will start to utilize all of your gadgets, and you will cease thinking that a kill is necessarily bad. You will bypass enemies if you can, but if you can't, then you'll take them out.The game becomes a lot better once you play it like that. I dare say that Ubisoft should have made that a feature. The ironman thing I mean. Make it a check box, and once tagged, you can only reload if you die and never otherwise. But that is not the case, so you as a player have to do it.Game is recommended, but only if you stay away from the reloading demon."
,Recommended,235600,28693122,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HEIZGOD,"It was a pleasure to play a game , its really fine and 6,79e is nothing for this + multiplayer"
,Recommended,235600,28704410,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mmlac,"If there would be a ""meh"" between yes and no, it'll probably be that.The overall story is great, enjoyed it, if you like stealth games, it's worth the $10 right now.The gameplay overall is ok, the _campaign_ missions are well made and interesting  (the side missions from the crew are less good but I still enjoyed Grim's missions).AND PLEASE, if you play the game TO THE END, just ignore the gamplay of the last mission, ok? Just do it for the story!(Because the climax of the whole game is a ♥♥♥♥ing series of dead boring quicktime events,,,, ♥♥♥♥ YOU Ubisoft... ffs)Otherwise, there are exactly 2 guns you will use all the time without even thinking to change them out all game (and by that I mean one pistol and one alt gun - never a reason to change them after unlocking). Missed opportunity there.To sum up, the end really leaves a sour taste, the rest of the game was enjoyable even though there were times where it annoyed me."
76561198312049585,Recommended,235600,28689174,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Green_Giant,"plenty of options when completing the missions, plenty of weapons to choose and upgrade too. Also a lot of badass game mechanics like slow motion shooting that dont feel overpowered. Also challenging when trying to complete every mission with 100%"
76561198264636881,Recommended,235600,28663871,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Austio,JUST GOT IT AND THE PVP IS AMASING AND GRAPHICS ARE NICE 10/10
76561198013224262,Recommended,235600,8388819,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Scarecrow,"I was super skeptical because I've been a fan of the series since the start.  I was super impressed and couldn't put it down.  Cinematic, fun, still pays tribute to the original, but well worth the money.  Well done Ubisoft"
,Recommended,235600,8365157,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,fra_casula,Just the best Splinter Cell ever. The perfect mixture of action and stealth with the classics Splinter Cell's gadgets. Lovely missions in daylight and classic missions in the dark. For who loves this genre is a must.
,Recommended,235600,8410427,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bugeyed,Another smash in the Splinter cell series
76561198057664404,Recommended,235600,8398050,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,igryoo,BEST GAME EVAR
,Recommended,235600,28030557,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lazydruid,"If you're a fan of the series, or stealth games in general, this one is for you. Devs at Ubisoft listened to our complaints about conviction, and made the game longer, and I think a bit more challengening. Like with Conviction you don't *have* to play Stealth, but some missions do require it.The Stealth gameplay is great in my opinon, and it's left me wanting more.My only real complaints are DX11 has issues with crashing on the Paladin, and the voice acting. For all previous games, Sam was voiced by Michael Ironside, whos voice helps give you an idea on who Sam Fisher is. The new guy sounds a bit too young to be the grizzled 50 something, still kicking terrorist♥♥♥♥♥tl;dr if you like Stealth games, or Splinter Cell you'll like this."
,Recommended,235600,28009887,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MightyMeatball,If you like stealth games then this is a must have.
76561198136360980,Recommended,235600,28019302,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,niBBa get me Boneless Bizza,"Friggin awesome. Lots of stealth involved, a.i is pretty decent, graphics is a pass, and 100% trail and repeat."
,Recommended,235600,28008699,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Extra kitbag,"This game is by far one of the best splinter cell games I have played. The controls make sense, the storyline isn't horrible and you actually get to choose the way you play. By far the most fun I have had killing people without them knowing who did it."
,Recommended,235600,28409944,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sir Legar,"PROS:+ VERY fun co-op mode with fair amount of content. I had amazing moments with my best friend.+ Lots of challanges, unlockables, upgrades etc.+ Good single-player with nice cinematics. I loved the end-game!+ Game rewards you in according the way you play: Ghost, Assault and Panther. So you can try out different approaches.+ Try challanging your friends by doing stealth speedruns, it becomes much more exciting!CONS:- You will probably get an error while trying to connect to your friend. You need to do port forwarding:Game Ports:|  TCP: 80, 443|  UDP: 3658, 13000-13032||Uplay PC:|  TCP: 13000, 13005, 13200- Sam Fisher looks angry 7/24. It's not realistic, he looks like he don't have any emotion.- Game can get repitetive quickly, but after you give some break, you'll miss it ;)- uPlay- There isnt too much variation in AI. You can literally memorize everything and do a speedrun. (Doing a speedrun is fun tho :) )? You will progress VERY fast (IF you also play single player) and get op gear such as stealth nanofiber suit and SC-IS sniper quickly. Even the hardest difficulty (Perfectionist) will be easy for you. IMHO the only challanging missions were in which enemies start coming to you in increasing waves.? I didn't enjoy Spies vs Mercs but the idea is cool.VERDICT:If you like pure stealth-action, you are lucky because this game gets a discount regularly. Just buy it on discount, portforward the game and play it with your best friend!"
,Recommended,235600,28499070,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,twosoxxx,"Hang on.  Let me stop in the middle of a mission to write a review about this beautiful SC gem.  If you liked any of the first SC games and dreamt about becoming Sam Fisher, this games for you.  Its as cool as the first one, but with more ammo and awesomeness.  Is this game old? I cant remember but it gives me ungay boners... The only thing i dont like so far is the voice over for Sam, i thought he sounded way cooler?"
76561198034097261,Recommended,235600,20597350,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Paladin of Oghma,"Another great installment of my most favorite series. I was sad to find they changed Sam's voice, but otherwise no complaints.Edit: Ok, I found a complaint. The DRM sucks. Blacklist checks every 15-20 minutes to see if you're online. If you're not, Blacklist will force crash.Still a great game, but a little tarnished in my mind by this."
76561198156197061,Recommended,235600,28336817,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,OnePunchMann,This game is awsome.
,Recommended,235600,19258944,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Breminofwisdom,Great game must buy ON DISCOUNTS. The only problem is the repetetive ambiance and sorry about my language but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay coop/multiplayer connections. Besides that it deserves at minimum 8/10.
01101001011000010,Recommended,235600,28231994,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,UrbanWolfGamer,"I play the game every now and then, it's still really fun, even though MP sucks for noobs like me, and my uplay didn't save my progress so I lost all my in game currency. But whatever."
76561198063303277,Recommended,235600,28478207,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jani.,For 5€ its a good game!
76561197964927355,Recommended,235600,28768281,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TwixDawg,"Yes, you can fail a mission by killing a dog."
76561198142141546,Recommended,235600,28846795,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NemesiStealth,"One of the best games of the saga, amazing mechanics, amazing graphics, lots of combat, polished combat engangement. Not so sure about the ending. i play a lot this game."
,Recommended,235600,28879102,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,J.Jensen,"One of the best stealth games today. It brought the same unique feeling as the first game in the series did with great atmosphere and challenges. You can play it in many different ways in whichever playstyle you prefer.It have one huge flaw though, they replaced the original voice actor that have been with us for 10 years... and the new one is dull and boring. However, It can all be forgiven because of how great the gameplay is.A must have game for not only the fans of the series but for every stealth gamer out there!"
,Recommended,235600,26440837,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nakko,Good game.
76561198023094924,Not Recommended,235600,11191789,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,1.st.Praetorian,"If you like stealth games in singleplayer mode, this is a great game.If you like to play them with friends, this is the worst game ever.Even after a year from launch date, U-Play is unable to connect 100 thousands of friends for privacy/private games.This is one of the WORST multiplayer games I've seen in a long time.Worst thing is, Ubisoft/U-Play can't even figure out the connection problem.Endless suggestions from both parties and no solutions, yes a few figured out their own personal connection problems via forums, but still, a huge amount of players still can't play with their friends.Yes, they can connect to ""Spies vs Mercs"", but not to their friends.See the problem?"
,Recommended,235600,26355905,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SaVaK,The game is very good but i bought it mostly for multiplayer and he not working very well so 4/10
,Recommended,235600,26423711,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lux,Nice stealth game with an amazing story.And Karambit is so cool. ;)
,Recommended,235600,26422507,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tarakona,I love this game ... Ben and Jake please give me more free keys :)
76561198052501405,Recommended,235600,26417417,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,leoncsy5381,"A greater improvement in gameplay from Conviction, single player story your usual spy movie + 9-11 inspired storyline, multiplayer/co-op is good, but really s***ty when I try to connect with my friend to play co-op.How I wish I could be as fit as Sam Fisher when I'm 50 years old."
,Not Recommended,235600,26426617,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PIG_MACHINE,"I got this for spies vs mercs...it didn't work. Damn. I'm sure it's a great game, but it just isn't worth my time if I can't play svm."
,Recommended,235600,26427083,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Roxas,It's worth it if it's on sale i played the double agent on xbox so i guess its fine.
76561198108031310,Recommended,235600,26429936,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"A return to form for the series, after the disappointment of convictions. Michael Ironside is also no longer the voice of Sam. The new actor is good though, and the gameplay very decent. I would play agin in the future. Also, highly recommend."
76561197978337815,Recommended,235600,26428461,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CRAGNAR,"Conviction is way better.  The gameplay, the story, even the multiplayer.  Blacklist is simply the multiplayer and coop from Conviction made in to a game.It's decent, but not that great.  Buy it on sale like I did.  Not full price."
,Recommended,235600,26357941,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Reysuu,pew pew
76561198311649114,Recommended,235600,26356462,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,batmanpro1234,I love splinter cell blacklist best game
76561198072264622,Not Recommended,235600,26364077,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,cream of the crop,"It's a good game, but that being said, U-play is so god damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you have a very low percentage chance of any online funtionality. Overall not worth it."
76561198315325695,Recommended,235600,26408915,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MonsDragon,Anyone help?  In middle of game it kicks me out of game some error?!?
76561198260050478,Recommended,235600,26418919,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RD_littlechi,"Play this game with CO-OP,stealth together is not bad feel:)"
76561197997267444,Recommended,235600,11349468,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,VladoS,Amazing game for people who like to sneak around!
,Not Recommended,235600,26351944,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[T-H-C-C] Ciri,"Just when you thought it would be another great game, It's ♥♥♥♥ing uplay. Don't get games from uplay."
,Not Recommended,235600,26352281,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,IamYogiBear,I cannot play coop with my frend PLS FIX ;-;
,Recommended,235600,26348430,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Aveator,great game especially for $6!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198154583384,Recommended,235600,26349389,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,LoSkPoRdElOs,This game is propably best game from ubisoft so far. really worth it.
,Recommended,235600,30843461,Posted: 30 March,all,zczsd dssa d,Nice game
,Recommended,235600,1216039,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Hiten,
,Recommended,235600,24836800,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Noshutomai csgolive.com,Raged like hell
,Recommended,235600,24878978,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,________,"Wow, i think i bought this game for 5 dollars on sale; but i would have gladly paid the full retail price. The story is pretty good and changes somewhat based on your choices ingame. The envioerments ingame are the best part here; this is one of those games where you can choose how you execute your mission; for example taking an air vent and sneaking behind the enimies instead of say, going straight in loud.  In my top 3 as far as stealth games go for sure."
,Recommended,235600,23593760,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,maThiask,COOPstillnotworking.0/10Edit: Deactivating all network adapters except the Ethernet did the trick finally. Still bad Netcode by Ubisoft.Good game 9/10
76561198042021889,Recommended,235600,24920842,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Xander Cage,Co Op Review: Great drinking game. Terrible actual game.
76561198016126314,Recommended,235600,14080787,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Amber_BW,"Storyline is much better than last one imo, but the ending seems a bit rushed, I'd love to see more. Stealth is more challenging and fun, although some may not like the checkpoint save system, it surely feels more rewarding after complete an area without detection. Areas are much larger and open, provide different ways to approach the goal. Enemy AI is kinda improved but still dumb in some situations; dogs are hard to deal with if you dont use any gardgets; I finished last game without using any gardgets, but in this game they are definitely very handy and useful in some really hard areas. Explore the maps to find useful hiden paths is fun too.If you love stealth game play, this is a must buy. To be extremly picky about the storyline though...the last few missions feels very COD like...way too many deja-vu...Cant rate the multiplayer experience coz the online is pretty much dead.For the record I dont experience any problems with Uplay, but yea...it sucks I have to open another game launcher software after steam."
76561198049230825,Recommended,235600,26271256,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[LNG] King Leonidas,if your coming for the MP.https://imgflip.com/i/1d56gi.Singleplayer its decent. although the old voice actor is not there anymore. and you can no longer scare people to death to get information
76561198144586745,Recommended,235600,26431408,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Patty G,☑ Banter☑ At least 3 hackers in every multiplayer game☑ Cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥to stop hackers☑ Is one of the best games out there
,Recommended,235600,26463821,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheKevin,One of the best stealth games I've ever played.
76561198000486363,Recommended,235600,26368339,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,jednx01,"I went into this questioning whether or not I would enjoy it. This is NOT becuase I am not a splinter cell fan. I have played through literally all the splinter cell series. My favorite one of the series has always been Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. I was underwhelmed by double agent, although I did enjoy that game. I thought conviction was terrible.... It abandoned a lot of the stealth features of previous games and instead focused on a more action-based experience that, in my opinion, is not the point of the Splinter Cell series.... I am EXTREMELY happy to say that I think that splinter cell has returned to the classic stealth-based gameplay. I view this as the real successor to Chaos Theory and really the next evolution of the series. This game has a nice mix of action and stealth. On harder difficulty settings, it is not easy to just go into a room and take out 5+ guys... This is how I want my stealth games. Fun, tense, hiding in the shadows and taking out targets one at a time. If you liked classic Splinter Cell, you probably will like this game. If you did not like classic Splinter Cell and only liked the more action-based gameplay of Conviction.... There are plenty of action games out there. Go have fun. This is a more classic-style stealth game that has been lacking in recent years. The graphics are also extremely good... 10/10. Would highly recommend to fans of the series."
,Recommended,235600,26478561,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,JosephOZ,Çoğu oyunda olmayan çoğu özelli barındıran bir aksiyon macera oyunu çok seviyorum bu oyunu çok güzel yapmışlar.Ellerine Sağlık Oyunu alıcaksanız İndirimdeyken kaçırmayın 18 GB ın hakkını verecek nadir oyunlardan biri.
,Recommended,235600,26434610,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,icydec,It's a really good if your just looking for a stealth game.People are saying that multiplayer doesn't work but when I tried it it worked fine
76561197978309632,Recommended,235600,26448402,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jessetsilva,"Very good!Even being an relatively old game, It is awesome!"
76561198206780939,Recommended,235600,26454517,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Anaesthesia,Uplay? No. That's ♥♥♥♥ing playU
,Recommended,235600,26456998,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MAJUHO,"Great game, even after a couple of hours figuring out how to connect with coop. It sucks that you have to use UPlay for this, beacsue it´s♥♥♥♥♥♥and it doesn´t fix the coop bug. It eventually worked, by shutting down all the VPN ports. (hamachi)Great gameplay, especially the coop. Pretty good graphics."
76561198012607577,Recommended,235600,26446407,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BOT Kirito,Fun for co-op and spies vs mercs is always fun
76561198169744490,Recommended,235600,26318408,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ginkuma,"So far, so good. This game actually made me fall in love for the Tom Clancy title. Probably the best graphics of 2013, a lot of work was put into that. Also, the gameplay and story, really nice.One thing I should say is that I would really like tto play a title such as this that has local/couch multiplayer (sharing screen). For me it's something that would make Tom Clancy's new titles uncomparable, if they continue with the good work in graphics and gameplay."
76561198061072747,Recommended,235600,27546949,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WhiteFox,very nicely game try it they have a good story and good coop for play together with friends :)
,Recommended,235600,27646670,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cookedfox,"The game is thrilling and follows the SC playstyle, having trouble with online playing though, bought through steam but needs uplay. Haven't had any luck getting online game so far."
76561198064644563,Recommended,235600,27531454,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PingDownY,"Absolutely great Stealthgame.During the numerous missions you can use a bunch of utilities to take out all the enemies either non-lethal or as deadly as possible. Even after a few times playing a certain mission there is probably a different way of completing the goals because there are often so many different ways to achieve what you want.The whole setting, the story and the design of the maps are very authentic.In comparison to other stealth-games the gameplay is inimitably extensive as soon as you get a lot of equipment after the first missions.Simply one of the best games in its genre."
,Recommended,235600,27479790,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ben,Gr8 game lads.
,Recommended,235600,27589095,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dëx,Best Strategic Game
76561198059491348,Recommended,235600,28130284,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RainbowButtBlast,"This game is bitter sweet for me (but mostly sweet).The sweet:It retains or rather brings back the old school Chaos Theory/Pandora Tomorrow kind of mission structure where you can approach the missions however you like in terms of lethal or non lethal takedowns or completely evading the enemies entirely like a ghost. This is good because for the previous instalment (Splinter Cell: Conviction) the mission design was very linear and you didn't have an option other than to kill everyone. So that is definitely an improvement and what makes the game so brilliant. The campaign is quite neat; it has an interesting villain and lots of constant twists and turns throughout the narrative.The bitter:Even though it brings back the old school design it still has that feeling of triple A laziness and dumbed-down gameplay. The missions are still more linear than the classics like previously mentioned just not as much as Conviction. The game is really short as well, I got through it on normal difficulty in around 9 hours without rushing at all plus the multiplayer is dead as of 2016 since it's 3 years after release. The graphics are meh, the character models and faces for everyone but Sam Fisher (the protagonist) are disgustingly bland and have terrible textures. The voice actor for Sam Fisher has changed since the previous instalments from the beloved Michael Ironside (which is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to say the least) to a much more serious and monotone individual who also sounds younger than Ironside which is weird since it is set after all the others in the series...ConclusionAll in all however, it is a really good game for £14.99 or around $20, I personally got it for £5 in a sale so I was happy with my purchase. If you want a 'modern-ish' stealth game that is not Dishonored/Dishonored 2 or Thief that have super powers and enhanced abilities to help you then this is a game that is absolutely perfect for you and you really can't go wrong with it. I would advise picking this up as a starting point (or Splinter Cell: Conviction) before the previous ones however, since this is the easiest to get into in terms of it's story and gameplay because the old ones are pretty hardcore stealth games that require a lot of practice and dedication to perfect the craft."
76561198320452402,Recommended,235600,28257166,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,allino,... another exciting stealth action
,Recommended,235600,28428307,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vape Nation,Such an amazing stealth game. I honestly love this game definitelty get it.
,Recommended,235600,28113844,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MacLaddy,"Strong addition to the series, looking forward to the next one"
76561198015398132,Recommended,235600,28117329,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kaptain,A very good game. A testament to the old days of Splinter Cell.
76561198150141697,Recommended,235600,27429667,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GusWarFire,Played co-op didn't do sh*t... mastered ghost style.11/10
,Recommended,235600,15296259,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,can i eat yo ass?,Spooderman
,Recommended,235600,23295929,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Nard Dawg,"In this realistic game you really understand that the enemy can use drones and dogs to spot you instead of just walking around to find you. (very helpful knowledge in the actual world) You'll also need to watch out for.....big people, when you see them I guess it's best to find a molotov. Once you die that's it no retry or anything. That part I really liked cause sometimes it was so realistic that the game would bug out and shut down. All in all I felt it was really preparing me for the future. Good Game. SOOOO REALISTIC IT'LL CREAP YOU OUT!!!"
76561198244761520,Recommended,235600,23293333,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,nash19,love this game and the carracter Sam Fisher is awesome agent...
76561198186904137,Recommended,235600,23293342,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Athos,"Absolutely fantastic, only problem I have is that it's a pain to actually launch the game, it automatically installed a Ubisoft program that try's to connect to the Internet and really slows the launch process if you have no internet, like it fails after loading for ages and then allows u to do it offline etc, really tiresome! Also I try to launch in full screen but it always ""forgets"" the setting"
,Recommended,235600,23292463,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,✪ L0gic,Super game!
76561198031494189,Recommended,235600,23291486,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,black-mist3000,"Fantastic game, some people can't get it playing sadly, but if you can, awesome!gripes? Well I owned this initially on PS3, played the crap out of it on there, this game feels like a real good port, there's certain things stopping it from being real great like custom gamepad layout, it uses a one format to fit them all, don't like shooting with RT, prefer RB? Well too bad, go buy a console and play it on there where they have the option.Another gripe for me is the lack of extra content, it's not like this game wasn't popular or doesn't still get played, it still has active members jaming it... however we only got 2 extra missions and no more. Dogs and robots are insanely annoying and stops this game from being as fun as it could be... also not all light sources can be destroyed, which I thought was real dumb... I thought maybe that's just the consoles because you know, PS3 has a very limited amount of RAM, but nope, this game simply doesn't allow you to bust every light build no matter what kind of armor piecing round you shoot at it.  So thus this game isn't perfect, it looks much better than on consoles but sadly the content is very underwhelming... I would throw my money for more DLC, even if it's just more maps... I love this game but the devs sadly don't."
,Not Recommended,235600,23352650,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SoliDˇ^,"You cannot join into any game online , cant invite friends."
76561198076396065,Recommended,235600,23355503,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,tonesims,"What a rush. I loved this game. I played it straight through in one sitting.  Tons of fun and great blend of action and stealth.  The narrative was really tense and kept moving forward to a great climax.  They did a good job on the writing here.  The only thing I dind't like was that during these tense moments you could choose to hold off from launching the mission or randomly go and do the side-missions. Some of the later scenes/missions I felt like I had minutes to make a decision or the whole USA was going to crash down, but I still had the option to do some side mission in different parts of the world.  #videogamelogic"
76561198302955430,Recommended,235600,23349087,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ＮＯＴＥＢＬＯＣＫ,"Very Nice Game, i like Tom Clancy's books and games with his surname, well this is typical Tom Clany's game, if someone doesn't likes game without open world, but if someone's never mind or likes third person shooters with Cover System, this game is 4 him."
,Recommended,235600,23351437,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Traxadel,"It is fun to play coop missions, it really is - I haven't finished main storyline, I didn't cared about it."
76561198166147193,Recommended,235600,23238919,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,it is ♥♥♥♥in great get it coon
,Recommended,235600,23264096,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Minecraft User,"Fun stealth game, also has good combat when going loud. Bad AI though."
,Not Recommended,235600,23251741,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dongurd,"It's just not fun... like most recent Splinter Cell games. Many scripted encounters, no freedom. No real stealth.If you want real stealth-action consider playing Metal Gear Solid V instead."
,Recommended,235600,23289173,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hanzo #ᴼᴿᴰʟᴏʜ,"Got me and my friend roleplaying special forces :)Lots of fun, challenging and most of all, memorable times. Guranteed to put a smile on my face, especially when working with a friend where we either take things out together in loud fashion, play team ninjas, or just the oldest trick in the book; bait n flank pincer attack."
,Recommended,235600,23241421,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nyrrik the lord of hellfire,"-Definitely buy it if you're a sucker for stealth-action, if you can accept at moments wonky controls (good varied all-around level design).-If stealth isn't you're forte, it also gives you a choice to go guns blazing and finish your game that way.-CO-OP and spies vs mercs works just fine and the game runs on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2010 PC just fine (50-60fps)."
76561197976403189,Recommended,235600,13654841,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GRIM,"There are some very good elements to this and a great story, but the controls suck badly and it doesn't remember what you had equipped when it reloads a level, and the dogs are completely unrealistic, they know exaclty where you are if they aren't killed within a half second of the first shot and are in combat mode. The Remotes know exactly where you are instantly if a dog sees you and vice-versa, apparently the enemy all have ESP. Moronic code writing, you should be ashamed. I doubt Tom Clancy would have been okay with that, he liked realism in his games. One of my favorite maps, the Russian Embassy, has bugs where you can't climb in at least 2 spots without lots of playing with it. Here is another great mistake, programming four items with the crossbow that instantly change to the next item if you select 3. So if you accidently hit 3 or you forget that you already have it equipped and press 3 to select the crossbow, it will change to the next item, and since I usually have gas equipped, the useless noisemaker. I couldn't count the number of times that got me killed. These bugs are really only a constant nuisance when you are playing against waves of enemy AI in the 4 Wave maps, but they are bad design, nonetheless! The scope is NOT smooth when zoomed and I run an I7-4770K and a 970GTX on an SSD. I am  disappointed. Conviction was better. I give it a strong recommend, but only if you get it cheap - 10ish. That all said, I did enjoy most of it and fans of the series will still love it, I just expected much more polish by this iteration."
,Recommended,235600,22335601,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DirtyJews,"It's good, buy it, cool."
76561198139415216,Recommended,235600,28666067,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Xx__NighthawK,"After beating the story of blacklist I have to say that I'm very surprised how this splinter cell played out and how much fun I had beating the game.First, the story is six hours long and thats excluding any side missions that can be done. So in terms of offline content there's lots to do. Unfortunestely I'm not a fan of the multiplayer so I stopped immediately but the campaign in my opinion was better than splinter cell conviction."
,Recommended,235600,28606905,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Red.Leader,I love Splinter Cell's series and this one is great. Pretty good missions and graphics. But the game crushes in differents screens and resolutions i don't know why. I tried everything but the solution was use my wide screen tv. But i recommend this game
76561198034380330,Recommended,235600,28113100,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vortex,"Remember conviction? Lots of people complained it didn't feel like the classic Splinter Cells.Blacklist not only brings that classic splinter cell stealth feel, it IMPROVES on it while keeping the things Conviction did right.You can choose to play casually, or hardcore only aided by NV googles if you feel the new sonar/therm combo is too op.The graphics have improved also, and even though its almost 3 years old now, it still holds up as the best Splinter Cell experience yet.Only complaints, are those about Ubisoft in general. I bought at release at full $60 price, never regreted it, and it's still worth every penny in my opinion."
,Recommended,235600,28526934,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CadetZubar,"Greta game to play with a mate, one of the few bets stelath games out their with great mechanics"
,Recommended,235600,29098773,Posted: 7 January,all,bendparker,"I've been playing the Splinter Cell games since about 15 years in college.  This one is the best.  The stealth is great, the action is great.  Story is pretty good, albeit a little cliche.  Really wish they didn't recast Sam's voice though.If you're a Splinter Cell fan, this one is defintely for you."
,Recommended,235600,28960208,Posted: 2 January,all,Hillo,Pree Cool
76561197979961681,Recommended,235600,28993513,Posted: 3 January,all,HexeR,"Correcting itself after the error from Splinter Cell Conviction, the Splinter Cell series returns to its most successful and compelling formula, of having you play as a black ops espionage focused third person stealth game with action elements.The game combines a very adequate artificial intelligence with randomized spawns to make each playthrough, even each reloaded checkpoint, very different.  Each level primary routes, secondary routes, and then secret routes through which the player can monitor, track, and avoid or take-out hostiles.It provides the player with the necessary tools to go with either a passive or aggressive stealth play-style, or an all-out assault play style more akin to a third person shooter, though surviving is much harder this way.Weapons and gadgets can all be upgraded and equipped with different accessories or abilities to alter their function more to suit your approach.The story is rather interesting, although some of the characters in it are noticeably hollow and lacking.  The best characters you'll come to find are Sam, the arms dealer you capture, and the primary villain.  I'd say it's a slightly more compelling story than some of the other entries in the Splinter Cell series, for instance Double Agent, and maybe one of the earlier titles, due to the fact that it paces itself exceptionally well and keeps itself from being bogged down by the more intricate details.  Though it doesn't keep itself as grounded as Chaos Theory or Pandora Tomorrow, sacrificing believability for a high-stakes hollywood-esque action thriller storyline.Definitely a high note for the series as a whole, but lacking the innovation and proper espionage thrill to warrant it praise among the best."
76561198014793516,Recommended,235600,28988950,Posted: 3 January,all,V1g1l4nt,"This is a great continuation of the franchise.  However, there are a couple of small things that bothered me.  First, the voice acting was so different from the last game that it took me awhile to get into it.  That, in itself, is a small thing, but when combined with the completly different models for the characters and it drastically changed the gameplay.  The characters are well done, but they look like they got younger.  If the game is set after the last, which it is, you'd expect the characters to age.  However it appears as if they got into a time machine and ventured into the future without the affects of aging.  Or, more importantly, any change in their voices.  In hindsight, maybe that's not a complaint.  Maybe that's the underlying message of the game.  Time travel is possible."
76561198135423942,Recommended,235600,29035900,Posted: 5 January,all,Unknown,!!Good Game For Stealth Lovers and Splinter Cell Fans!!
76561198056093645,Not Recommended,235600,29020224,Posted: 4 January,all,Scribinator,"Okay so I am like you wondering if I should buy this game cause it looks like it would be fun.  I will give you pros and cons for this game.Pros:Fun to play, addictiveLove the campaignMissions are fun, difficult, and keep you guessingSVM is fun when you get in a good matchCons:EXTREMELY BUGGY GAMEOnline is filled with Hackers who are max level and squad up so you are screwed everytime you get in a match.Almost no one else plays online, Rome Total War has more people playing online than this game.Campaign is frustrating with extremely buggy combat system, I.E. Getting spotted when an enemy isn't around you or has no possible way of spotting you, corpses turning into invisible walls, getting shield bashed through a solid wall, unable to grab soldiers two inches in front of your nut sack.The Melee system is the most broken in this game and I thought the campaign was bad but ohhhhh no wait until you go online and find hackers who can melee you from 10 feet away and just rip your nuts off with the force and tbag your body.Also silently killing people from behind can lead to you getting spotted when no one is around which makes sense.I literally have a huge list of all the bugs I have encountered in this game so if you are just trying to buy it fro SVM DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.  You would be better off taking a chainsaw putting it up your♥♥♥♥♥after having Taco Bell ♥♥♥♥♥ for a week, then trying to start the thing but it got stuck cause your♥♥♥♥♥was way too hairy and it is wrapped around the ♥♥♥♥er."
,Recommended,235600,23859244,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RickHanes,best stealth gameplay mode ever and it has multiple way to access through the story
76561198091418574,Recommended,235600,29082824,Posted: 7 January,all,Lm3allem,Best ...... Online Muliplayer is sort of dead but the game is too good .
,Recommended,235600,29149982,Posted: 9 January,all,Sage,"I love this game so much that it breaks my heart when it keeps crushing more than Wallstreet. How do I fix this crush issue?I have I5 core, GTX960, 16GB memory, with an MSI H170 motherboard? Help Help!!!"
,Recommended,235600,28939113,Posted: 2 January,all,Captain Levi,"Great game. What makes the game great is its stealth and the gadgets. All gadgets if used carefully, could easily take you across the level. The story line is great too, makes sence. Online Missions are cool, the coop ones mostly. I enjoyed playing this game."
76561198091255699,Recommended,235600,28881770,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kabizzle,10/10 ign
76561198058602328,Recommended,235600,6080053,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,McNabblet,It's Class.
76561198035387376,Recommended,235600,28908748,Posted: 1 January,all,lightning33,"The stealth mechanics are a lot of fun. I don't really have anything bad to say about this game. It's a solid tactical shooter with great stealth mechanics. Not everthing is perfect, but if you like Rainbow Six, Deus Ex, or Hitman, you will like this game."
,Recommended,235600,15528925,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SecretServiceOO,"Pretty game, actually playable on PC which is a nice change for Ubisoft. Took some getting used to the new system of Ghost/Panther/Assult styles, so if youre a fan of the old SC games give it a chance and take your time to learn all the tricks. Coop is amazing too"
76561198095847585,Recommended,235600,31058120,Posted: 10 April,all,DDG m00se Man,i have a question ( not trying to be stupid)... does anyone even play splinter cell blacklist??? because i realy REALY like the game but i dont see many people on (AT ALL) so it would be better to at least know if anyone plays this game beacause i have sat here for the past 30 mins and no people have joined me/ i havent joined anyone or even found a game and i would also REALY REALY like some online gameplay... that would be nice... (btw i realy recomend this game if you havent got the memo by now ;) ) so please answer... if anyone is reading the reviews... plz halp meh.
76561198050359765,Recommended,235600,30119325,Posted: 23 February,all,[TrapSquad] ZePotatoOfZe *****,Good Game.Not Worth 19.99€
76561198131918463,Recommended,235600,30022384,Posted: 18 February,all,pt2778,"good game, first played on console but found pc version easy to adapt to. solid keyboard controls"
,Recommended,235600,30029932,Posted: 19 February,all,r9s.,Best game ever! 10/motherf*Cking 10
,Recommended,235600,30003964,Posted: 18 February,all,SAY10,"Fisher’s annoyingly sulky character, questionable controls when it comes to grabbing people next to doors, traditionally daft ending level and the buggy Uplay services – these are pretty much all the sins of Blacklist. They can be easily forgiven because the rest of the game is stealth action goodness."
,Recommended,235600,17421623,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BlueBird,"EDIT: (about a year after this review) Despite having sync on with both installers (steam and uplay) it appears that uplay have decided to delete my save file which includes all my online levels (which took soooo long to get). If you buy this, be weary and backup all your save files or you might find that 100% save file you worked for dosen't exist anymore.While very quirky and strange to new players (such as myself) the controls can take a while to master, but once you do, you won't forget them.The multiplayer is awful, if not just for the transition of ""Basic"" to ""Way-Too-Overpowered"" abilities meaning if you're against someone level 52 or higher, You have no chance. Also the matchmaking needs some serious work, Only once have i gotten into a fair game (where levels are equalish on both sides) and that was because it couldent fail, it likes to put max-level-players on one team and low on the other.The Single player is absolutely amazing and is what turned my thoughts about the game. The story is quite nicely written and put together. It refrences previous games in the franchise but gives a small bit of exposition that feels natural and helps newer players understand.The characters are brilliantly written and feel very real. Well done.If you like getting though a level without anyone knowing you were there, or leaving 40 unconcious bodies for the cleanup crew to find, you will have fun with this game.If you think you'll like this title then you probably will."
,Recommended,235600,29555778,Posted: 28 January,all,GunHero,"oh yeah,oh yeah,stealth is one of my favourite type of games, and this one is really good at it,but i think about, 50% of the game is co.op missions, and a few people is playing it, i feel lonely :c, if somebody wants 2 play, add me :cohhhh sisigilo es uno de mis tipos favoritos de juego, y este es bueno en esopero yo pienso que el 50% del juego son co-op misiones, y solo unos pocos lo estan jugando, me siento solo, si alguien quiere jugar agregueme :,v"
,Recommended,235600,1697014,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,PixelFiend,Spies vs mercs mode is so much fun!. theres classic and new versions to the ol' multiplayer game so its perfect for new commers or veterans. oh yea the single player is pretty good too =P
,Recommended,235600,32198292,Posted: 5 June,all,[CMG] upsetraygun2,"10/10 would unnecessarily slaughter everyone again - IGNJust kidding, great game, fun to play.The co-op is epic if everyone works together.Also you can do knife only...1v1 me m8"
76561198063901050,Recommended,235600,33156534,Posted: 2 July,all,Chief,Top notch co op
,Recommended,235600,33314889,Posted: 6 July,all,Vala,"Sam Fisher never ceases to amaze me, stealth mechanics are amazing, I'd say the game is worth more for CO-op than the single player when it comes to gameplay."
,Recommended,235600,11226980,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Vagabundox,The games is pretty good. Loved the campaign and multiplayer while it last
76561198041600646,Not Recommended,235600,20934345,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sütçü Beygiri,I can't play the game because uplay doesn't let me!Thanks a lot Ubisoft!
,Recommended,235600,33251165,Posted: 4 July,all,hotmatrixx,"I like stealth games, so I'm biased. IF I had played this on another day, I might have thrown it on a scrap heap, but I needed a game to keep my mind off IRL stuff over the weekend.I come from a lifetime of FPS play. porting that to 3PS in this game, it felt awful, until I got about 4h in and it started to feel more natural.I think if it had been made for kb+m to begin, it may have felt better. I almost gave up on it, but as I played I realised it had different layers of depth; Ghost+Panther+Assault runs, no-alerts runs, 0 kill runs, so many weapon options and combinations.... It's actually a really interesting game."
76561198093886000,Recommended,235600,33252548,Posted: 4 July,all,The Arcane Arcade,"This game was my first Splinter Cell and Tom Clancy game. It was pretty great! The story was pretty good I think. Gameplay was good and stealth mechanics at some points were a bit buggy like walking right in front of a guard and not getting spotted. The story is very short so I will have to look into older games. I recommend this game very much. If you have 30 dollars and want some new game, try this one. (normal price was quite a bit, I recommend getting it on sale as I did)"
,Recommended,235600,33225116,Posted: 4 July,all,RedWolf,Tesco Value Metal Gear Solid
76561198027431469,Recommended,235600,33288541,Posted: 5 July,all,m_tegard,PROS: Excellent mix of stealth and assault action. Missions can often be solved with many different approaches. Also plenty of realistic gadgets and modern time weapons to play around with. I specially recommend playing missions in co-op with a friend. Embassy missions in co-op is superfun!The co-op part is where this game stands out the most compared to other games. CONS: It took some searching to find out how to activate steam code for the dlc together with U-play.
76561198125274437,Recommended,235600,33388724,Posted: 8 July,all,Sharaa992,"Great game, just great, both multiplayer and singleplayer , too bad that not to many play multiplayer anymore, maybe because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft servers."
,Recommended,235600,33354186,Posted: 7 July,all,M-Bimmer,"All i can say is that I blame myself for not picking it a long time ago. If you like stealth /third person shooter then look no further. Is it worth picking up in 2017? Yes.Whether some consider it the best splinter cell or not, it is worth buying and playing period. Will update my review once digging deeper in the missions..."
76561198065880727,Not Recommended,235600,33411322,Posted: 9 July,all,変態 CyNoodle,when ubi can make an optimised game (i speak about the online) i'll note positive. but not for the moment...
,Recommended,235600,33428522,Posted: 10 July,all,sezeholm.,god game
,Recommended,235600,23424485,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Grazenburg,bruh dis shi good
76561198046992905,Recommended,235600,33431277,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"Blacklist is a great game and probably my favorite Splinter Cell title to date. The reinvigoration of the stealth element feels familiar and fresh simultaneously, and the option to play as you wish without any story or bonus consequences is a big draw. The graphics aren't the best I've seen, but if you agree that stealth hasn't had the best showing recently, then Blacklist is right up your alley."
76561198072832743,Recommended,235600,33437928,Posted: 10 July,all,DEATHWATCHxOPS,Great game. It can be pretty hard at times to stay hidden. If you like stealth games this is the way to go. The only real downside its there are a few items that can only be unlocked by playing a game on your smart phone. The majority of pepole are unable to get their ubisoft on their computer to link with the smart phone. Therefore You can't unlock the rewards even when you do them on the phone. I sinsearly hope ubisoft wont ever do that again. Outside of that its a really good game. Its well tought out and has a good story line. The graphics are pretty good too.
,Recommended,235600,31124378,Posted: 13 April,all,Undefeator,It's Splinter Cell.
76561198356534870,Recommended,235600,30743210,Posted: 25 March,all,The Godfather,Amazing for co-op play. All stealth(so be mindful of that).
76561198105998727,Recommended,235600,31189989,Posted: 16 April,all,Eudoksos,"At first I liked the concept of the game because I like stealth games. I hadn't played any other game of the series, but I have seen some gameplay in youtube. I bought this game in sales and it is awesome. I wanted to buy it with my best friend so that we played together co op, but in the end I bought it alone. So I played the campaign and the side missions (and even a little online spies vs mercs) and the control that you have at the character is amazing. Also, when you finish the missions at the perfectionist difficulty it feels so smooth :D and you can play the missions over and over again because the guards most of the time use different paths. A negative thing that I have faced, is that when you search to find an online teammate to play the co op missions it is impossible to find one. So if anyone wants us to play together add me :)."
76561198057377022,Recommended,235600,29745610,Posted: 6 February,all,heinrich.k.1985,Great game.Definitely the best third person shooter/stealth game I ever played.
,Recommended,235600,413139,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Splincir,"If you are a fan of the Splinter Cell series at all, then get this game. It combines all that was good from previous games and bundles into one neat and awesome package. It really lets you play your way, unlike the last two games which forced you into so many combat situations the games just lost most of their stealth feel.Blacklist may still have the fast paced action but there is always the option for the slow methodical approach.I greatly enjoyed the game, and personally consider it to be the best in the series."
76561198047755980,Recommended,235600,10796925,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,boka77549,"yes definitly but needs more gedgets and more longer to play it like metal gear solid 3,4,5. storys and more DLCs"
76561197965417347,Not Recommended,235600,21529980,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MazerRackham259,"Could be any protaganist as the central role in this game.  Doesn't feel like Sam Fisher, certainly doesn't sound like him - it isn't Michael Ironside.  Some of the settings are nice and hark back to the old days of Splinter Cell and Chaos Theory, but Option 1: Kill Everything is the fastest and most viable way to play 85% of the time.  Some scripted events are frustrating, some interesting plot points, but nothing groundbreaking.Worth it on sale."
,Recommended,235600,29434927,Posted: 22 January,all,xP,"Great stealth action game, love the controls and gameplay, definitely recommend this to any fan of the stealth/action genre."
,Recommended,235600,29517896,Posted: 27 January,all,SAPPHIRE DRAGON,Awesome game but should have manual save option would be even better. The true stealth action game.
,Recommended,235600,29420168,Posted: 22 January,all,PuNk,Superb missions with a team mate
76561198019012053,Recommended,235600,29046757,Posted: 5 January,all,Stickleback,"Superb. The Story line is great! Once all missions are complete which doesnt take long, its at an end which is a let down as the story should continue on in this very game."
,Recommended,235600,26592174,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,👁Ɗ3ℱ@¿¡t👁,"This game crashes every so often on my laptop for some reason, but other then that it was a wonderful experience. The narrative keeps the player gripped and the mechanics and control are easily mastered. Recommended"
76561198158069909,Recommended,235600,32764968,Posted: 25 June,all,tinglebros,its a good game - sadly the online mode 5v5 I belive isnt online anymore but coop should still be there soo if anyone buys this play coop with me (you should probably buy this on a sale)
,Recommended,235600,32834288,Posted: 26 June,all,CONIOC,the best pvp online game so fat
76561198045429696,Recommended,235600,32889184,Posted: 27 June,all,blackninja9939,"Really fun game, innovates well on the features introduced from Conviction especially the more aggressive feel by being very lethal with the weapons, fluid combat and the mark and execute ability.Also brings the focus back onto the original flow of the series by reintroducing degrees of concealment in shadows but only to the extent or red, amber and green like in Double Agent.Not as hardcore stealth wise as the original games, although the game can be placed ghost and very stealthily, but this is what Conviction should have been as it is more in line with the rest of the series.Only complaint gameplay wise is that in Grim's missions if you fail at any point you start the mission right from the start, extremely annoying when you are near the end and get caught for a stupid reason but those missions are optional and are meant to be harder anyway so not too big of a deal.A very generic villain of the week plot line like the original games without the personal involvement of Conviction or the great voice acting by Michael Ironside. However, this is made up by the fact that you are now in charge of 4th Echelon and have your own personal team with new faces and some old ones.Overall a very good entry to the series, it combines the stealth gameplay of the old with the fluid and lethal gameplay of Conviction into one seamless package."
76561198153434086,Recommended,235600,32813748,Posted: 26 June,all,EminemSlim,"I love this game, it holds up pretty well, and it's one of my favorite Splinter Cell games, Perfectionist mode is pretty challenging and I love the stealth improvements from Conviction."
,Recommended,235600,32835468,Posted: 26 June,all,αleczz.yт,is a nice game
,Recommended,235600,32583868,Posted: 19 June,all,Happy Humble Hermit,"Best spy thriller game. If this was a movie it would be the best spy movie, the campaign moves at a breakneak pace. The gameplay is fast and fluid. The port is well optimized, only had a few hiccups when I was in big firefights. On sale for $7 this game is a steal, you probably spent more on a ticket to watch one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new Bond films."
76561198249009264,Recommended,235600,33209521,Posted: 3 July,all,SkimpyBoi,"I really enjoy playing this game. I just wish there were more people playing the multiplayer mode because every time I try to find a match with other players, the lobbies are always empty. I hope that the multiplayer mode for this game makes a comeback because i just love the concept of sneaky, deadly spies versus tanky, badass mercs."
76561198317889814,Recommended,235600,33461535,Posted: 11 July,all,Lil Broomstick,this game is great you can play online and stuff like that its gudif you not gudget gud scrub
76561198317749833,Recommended,235600,33440805,Posted: 10 July,all,pkverven,Good game but not worth the full price buy it in the sales
76561198346315213,Recommended,235600,33482044,Posted: 12 July,all,Rogersy,"I was first intoduced to the Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell franchise by Conviction when I played it on Xbox 360, I wanted to resurrect the nostalgia of playing it, so that led me to purchase Blacklist, the successor to Conviction and boy oh boy I am not disappointed at all, this game is absolute fun, even if you do have to restart a mission an infinite number of times."
,Recommended,235600,33513754,Posted: 13 July,all,Draych,"Well i've been playing Splinter Cell and overall Tom Clancy's (rip) games for over a decade, so i feel i should talk about this one in special. I'm not making a bible of a analysis, so i'll just point whats ok and what is not.Cons:Nonsense story mode and level designs (you get exploration points for climbing a wall, there are multiple supply crates in one zone, etc).Splinter Cell: Conviction story is uncontinued and barely mentioned, even though it was something everyone wanted to see after the fall of Third Echelon, Sarah's return and Kobin's involvement with T3CH's conspiracy.Multiplayer is either dead or flooded with hackers.Mobile unlocks.No ""deniable ops"", just a bunch of side missions to unlock some armor.Game gets lost along the way and it feels more like a Ghost Recon game than Splinter Cell.Every character acts like a freaking robot and there is no dramatic touch on story, just some 70 year old going places and shooting bad people.Random ""choices"" that won't make a difference as far as i've noticed, probably a feature that would be interesting but it was probably aborted during development.Pros:Enjoyable.Rewarding gameplayCoop actually feels like coop.Weapon modding has been improved, now you can actually remove, change and edit your modifications.Gorgeous image.Smooth, can be windowed at any time.Soundtrack is as good as previous games.Huge variety of equipment.And you can finally sprint.I'd recomend this one if you're just looking for a good stealth game, the mechanics are great and you'll really feel like an agent. But if you're a life long fan i wouldn't recomend looking at the flaws, because they will kill the game for you."
76561198258659559,Recommended,235600,33499367,Posted: 13 July,all,Nick_1357,good gameyou know what's better?spies vs mercs classicnot that custimzable crap with balancing issues.
,Recommended,235600,33607950,Posted: 17 July,all,BIGJACK45,Awesome Stealth game8/10
,Recommended,235600,33719094,Posted: 22 July,all,Remenei,"Finally, Splinter Cell decided to take a step back to its roots, it's not perfect but as mentioned, step in the right direction.8/10 Would smash again."
,Recommended,235600,22566142,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Salmon Huskins,"The singleplayer campaign is fun and the coop missions too, but don't buy this game just because of the multiplayer,It's dead."
76561198055738119,Recommended,235600,33909703,Posted: 30 July,all,rabidweasel2,"I have more hours into this game than any other in my collection for a reason (besides it being my absolute favorite franchise...).  It's almost indefinitely replayable, with its multitude of routes to be taken, enemies to kill or completely evade. The weapons are distinctly different, and the gun-play is very satisfying as are the gadgets of which there are many.As for the crashing people have mentioned, I noticed a fair bit of lag and crashing when I only had 4GB of memory installed.  Once I upgraded to 8, the problems completely disappeared and I was even able to up the graphical settings to high without issue.Bottom Line: This one's worth the price, sale or not, and will likely become a favorite for anyone who enjoys stealth games."
,Recommended,235600,33812723,Posted: 26 July,all,iGotAGoodFeeling,"Hidden gem, really good game but with a small playerbase so if you're in it for the campaign then hecks yeah, but if you're in it for the multiplayer... good luck finding a match"
,Not Recommended,235600,26540448,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ϟϟ,game is good but uplay and their servers ♥♥♥♥ing suck kill yourselves♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235600,33341273,Posted: 7 July,all,Overhyped dead meme,"Oh boy where to start.....Pros-Brought back some old elements-Upper echelon, 4e eclipse and raven suitCons-Spies kill from front, Gun down mercs-Autoclimb, getting me killed-Cheaters and aimbotters on pc version-The hit detection is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, it has a delay till the damage is done, Wich explains why you can start to knife a merc then he ""Kills you""-The music is horrible dupstep crap that makes no sense, and has no start/end point-Spies can see through walls-Merc mines and drones dont detect my ♥♥♥♥ing emp grenade/Overcharge-Since when was DFA a good mechanic-Spies can rush you from front, even if you unload 2 clips into them they miraculisly get the kill-Mercs cant spam the attack button but spies can-It turns into a horde mode when hacking-It seems that there are no set spawns, so im instantly dead-Ubisoft has done NOTHING to prevent this-It seems to me that the damage delay was intentional, to keep players on their feet.CLASSIC:-Nightvision? What happened to thermal?-Again, DFA and RFF (Rush from front)-♥♥♥♥ing quicktaze, It gets me everytime-Merc shouldn't have the resupply pack, it should be laying on the ground, like in pt-Spies can easy double tap t to drop a flash at their feet and rush and quicktaze-The Fastcam. 'Nuff said.TL;DRIts a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game with broken mechanicsYet ubishit keeps saying its ""The best new splinter cell""♥♥♥♥ you ubisoftMaybe i'd buy your games if they werent brokenAlso, i met a cheater,Mlukins♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ was spawncamping, instant killing, you name it"
76561197998664797,Recommended,235600,1838955,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,TheCrimsonKing,"Blacklist is an awesome throwback to classic splinter cell action, if you liked the older games you'll love Blacklist."
,Recommended,235600,14708833,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Veys,"If I wanted a too easy sneak 'n assassinate game, that is definitely NOT a Splinter Cell, I'd play this one.17 hours ingame are a fair amount of knowledge to see that this game isn't a Splinter Cell. A different voice for Sam, a f*cked up and weird story and everyone in the game being only @ cry... this is bad, very bad. What Conviction had in story ( What I'm for whatever reasons not able to review ) and not in gameplay changed here. Blacklist has a bad story but a way better gameplay. With Conviction the ""new era"" of Splinter Cell began, but the game series ended with Conviction.SPOILERSam said he was out of the game, could even manage to get Sarah who wasn't dead after all and it's it.Now in Blacklist you're for whatever reason operating an air fortress and doing all kinds of missions like 3 years ago, NO NO NO NO NO! This is not Sam Fisher with that voice and not in that story, no it is NOT a Splinter Cell game.Not only that he is now the ""leader"" of 4th Echelon ( ? ) and strangely adapted leading aspects and not the ""cold killer"" ones that were used in previous games made me criticizing this game, but also that the ""cool quotes"" were exchanged for cheap ""wannabe quotes"". The last argument for this not being a Splinter Cell game is thatSPOILERSam gets unconcious and caught at one time in the story.My final opinion is that it's got good gameplay, not as good as the previous SCs but way better than Conviction, which in exchange's got a way better story.Conviction : 6.8 / 10 ""Just to bring the story to ahappyend""Blacklist : 7.3 / 10 ""Nice gameplay, but WTF HAPPENED TO SPLINTER CELL?""Would have been 7.5 if the hair of people wouldn't get grey at distances. YES THIS F*CKING HAPPENS AND IDK WHY!"
,Not Recommended,235600,29717736,Posted: 5 February,all,BOT Heinrich Kramer,F#CK UPLAY AND UBISOFT
,Recommended,235600,25501575,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ifeellikepablo,top notch game for top notch blokes
76561198155733158,Recommended,235600,32606533,Posted: 20 June,all,Legendary NewType,"Splinter Cell . I've played the second one = i enjoyed!this time splinter cell blacklist = i also enjoy it!Pros:Grim is as hot as Hell.good to play with friend (if u have one).alot of customiztion.go to different mission(side) to earn better equipment and cheese the champion mission.Alot of tactical optionU can upgrade ur weapion, equipment and plan to help u on the field.u can either choose to be:Ghost: which is no killing or any traces/ getting spot.Panther: u kill enemy silentlyAssault: which is combat.cons:enjoy ur random crash!very VERY VERY VERY VERY ""original"" story.online is pretty much dead. ( haven't found anyone yet)can be bullsh*t at times.mysterious:Is grim getting hotter or is she aging backward.does grim have feeling for Sam?what relationship does she have with him. (beside being friend/HQ infor.)Is grim jealous that sam is already taken.Dose she want the D from sam?Is she worry about sam that's y she always join him in the mission?If she does why didn't grim make a move on sam?final thought:it's a good game. which earn 7/10. i mean the gameplay are very good and one of ""blacklist"" game out there haha (I'll stop now). VERY VERY VERY ""ORIGINAL"" STORY LINE ABOUT USA AND (INSERT UR ANSWER HERE). however i will recommand u wait unitl the sales."
,Recommended,235600,34040585,Posted: 5 August,all,ASID_CAT_SLAYER,If you know sam fisher then you don't need this reviewSam fisher is like John wick who choose to be spy.11/10 would like to see splinter cell 7
,Recommended,235600,34089166,Posted: 7 August,all,Zim,"Extremely fun game. If you enjoy stealth, buy this game. After you've finished the campaign, I recommend checking out the ""perfectionist"" difficulty. It removes the cheesy, ""execute and click"" mechanic featured on the easier difficulties."
,Recommended,235600,34221305,Posted: 13 August,all,Mr.SixTwo,"I don't even remember what was the last Splinter Cell game i played, but i remember it relying on stealth much more. Even though i don't mean it as a bad thing, this game plays more like an action game. I finished the game in Realistic mode without breaking a sweat. If you catch this game (especially if it's on sale) this game is a no brainer as an action/stealth hybrid."
76561198404078317,Recommended,235600,34136682,Posted: 9 August,all,Yamaha4life1971,Awesome
,Recommended,235600,34204677,Posted: 12 August,all,CafeteriaFriache,This was pretty good m8s
76561198209760825,Recommended,235600,34787892,Posted: 6 September,all,yuyuhellscythe,"Game seems good so far a faster paced splinter cell.9/5/17 Installation attempt failed the first time around because ""Uplay"" was an outdated version (but it doesn't tell you that or update it). It looks like it's working and then fails to log in. Uninstalled the version of uplay that came with the game. Searched uplay and downloaded and installed latest version. Logged in perfectly and now everything is working great."
76561197989777519,Not Recommended,235600,34789266,Posted: 6 September,all,Mituki,"Servers don't work and my XBox 360 controller was having a problem with the game big-time. Refunded it and bought it on Uplay, works flawlessly and you can still catch people playing multiplayer"
76561197966793531,Recommended,235600,34744019,Posted: 4 September,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,One of my favorite multiplayer games EVER!
76561198018509293,Recommended,235600,34741556,Posted: 4 September,all,lotuspulse,Highly overlooked.Gripping finale.
,Not Recommended,235600,34822813,Posted: 8 September,all,XxPENGUINxX,the game chrashes after the first mission/ the tutorial...
,Not Recommended,235600,34817474,Posted: 8 September,all,toadwithoutchode,"The last part abandoned city is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage,♥♥♥♥♥♥level design.Rest of the game is OK tho, 5/10 game."
,Recommended,235600,34812147,Posted: 8 September,all,Fasty,One of the best experiences I've had while gaming.
76561198032374511,Not Recommended,235600,34825664,Posted: 8 September,all,kelkin1,"Dude what the hell is up with this game, if ubisoft would just take the time to fix the online and co-op I'd recommend this game to everyone! I played it for maybe 5 hours with my friend the first day we got it! No problems at all with the multiplayer, then the next day we try to play and no matter what we do we cant connect to each other! I spent 4 hours trying to lvl up my ship and get better gear to help us on our missions and it was all for nothing...Does anyone have any ideas what I could do to fix this co-op issue? Neither of us can connect to each other :/"
76561198325691770,Not Recommended,235600,34806463,Posted: 7 September,all,brianwbasinski,"I purchased this game on steam sale, I spent multiple hours trying to get it to launch with no success. I have a brand new computer and am good with troubleshooting. I do not recomend this game."
,Recommended,235600,34845900,Posted: 9 September,all,knoppolis,Always been a fan of the series. Finally got around to playing this one and enjoyed it. Follows the trends of the last couple of games with more onus put on action. I don't mind it. Going full ghost is a good challenge.
,Not Recommended,235600,34845691,Posted: 9 September,all,Killua Zoldyck,"They deleted the multiplayer so I can't play Coop missions now. That was the only reason I bought this game and they just took that away from me, I should be able to refund this now I HOPE. It was fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,235600,34944440,Posted: 14 September,all,Wildheavenly,very nice stealth game. the story is mediocre.surprising for a ubisoft game to have no bugs.
,Recommended,235600,34857996,Posted: 10 September,all,stoagy,"Though a now lonely franchise. I still find it fun when I had friends who played with me in this. You can take the pace down or up if you like either style of stealth, like tenchu, or well splintercell."
76561198328591173,Not Recommended,235600,34872797,Posted: 10 September,all,silentgunner,doesn't work i want refund won't even load the game
,Recommended,235600,34865753,Posted: 10 September,all,MyNameIsDiDo,"Very fun, too much Ubisoft tie in though."
76561198170815253,Recommended,235600,34872729,Posted: 10 September,all,Paragon,"Love the multiplayer when you get a good match up.For those struggling to get online I found it worked by installing uplay direct from their website rather than via steam, setup a log in with them and THEN install SC:Blacklist."
76561198012412068,Recommended,235600,34743923,Posted: 4 September,all,saba2cci,The multiplayer is fixed now but the community isn't huge.With that being said this is one of my favorite games of all time. I really like how in this Splinter Cell you are able to choose your playstyle. In previous games it was pure stealth which I liked but with the addition of more aggressive playstyles I feel like it made them focus on character movement which is much more fluid than previous games.The storyline is fun and it is a medium length but it can take long if you like doing challenges and fully completing games.The Co op missions are really fun and I enjoyed playing them with friends.The multiplayer is really fun when you don't run into hackers which are pretty prevelant but usually don't pull out mods until they come across someone else using mods. Though I was playing with my friend and this cry baby thought we were using mods and ruined our games even though niether of us were.Overall this game is awesome and needs some quality players online.
76561198157063449,Recommended,235600,35025630,Posted: 17 September,all,Six,One of the finest stealh game ever made!Wish I can date Sarah :D
76561198063920595,Not Recommended,235600,35057369,Posted: 18 September,all,Egres122,"9/18/2017Shame apparently there are some issues with Uplay, so be wary before buying.I really do like this game. Fans will complain about Ironside not voicing Sam, but I'm fine with it. The new guy does ok. Plus aesthetically I like the emphasis of improving the tech overall used the story. From Sam's suit, to his display, to the look of spy plane, it looked cool to me.The story is a basic episode of 24 terrorists attacking random places; you and your spy squad sneak around places trying to figure out their main goal. I enjoyed it especially Sams interactions with Briggs and Andriy Kobin.The gameplay is an upgrade from Conviction previous gameplay. You can make takedowns mark enemies for executions, traverse areas for stealthier options and use perhaps too many gadgets to distract or knock out the enemies. How you choose to play (pure stealth, murderous stealth, or no stealth at all) affects your total score for a mission, with sticking with a specific playstyle offering more points which can be used to obtain better gear.Overall it is a fun ride."
,Recommended,235600,35182346,Posted: 24 September,all,AlexTVGR,"I really liked this game. I can't speak as a massive Splinter cell fan but I found it fun. Only downside is Uplay, it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235600,35165644,Posted: 23 September,all,Corvo,This Splinter Cell blacklist game is a brilliant game like stealth.Good-very good story-The chart is ok-the very focus on the stealh which makes it very brilliant the gameBad-Multiplayer is dead-put bugs
76561198078867381,Recommended,235600,35153603,Posted: 23 September,all,Nugget,"The game itself is awesome, one of the best in the genre. Makes me want to play all the side missions.It has a great stealth approach, movement, gameplay in general. Story and voice acting is great.Probably the only complaint about the game would be that, in some missions, you don't have that many options on where to go, where to invade a house, or something like that. But at least you have many gadgets to give you options.8.5/10 probably.Uplay is trash, having to install it made me not want to buy this game for a year. Having it load everytime I open the game takes a while. And for some reason the game always opens in windowed mode."
,Recommended,235600,35473279,Posted: 4 October,all,kyokyo9307,"Game is really good, but story and plot just a bit... whatever, good fun to play it first time."
,Recommended,235600,35476486,Posted: 4 October,all,TP CSGOBlocks.Com csgobounty.com,Best game ever it be awesome if it be next splinter series . :(
76561198121641342,Recommended,235600,35502449,Posted: 5 October,all,VendettaGoRgOn,"If you liked both Splinter cell conviction and Splinter cell Chaos theory, this game is the perfect fit for you.I think SC Blacklist is a great and underrated game. I missed it when it came out but I'm glad I still took it 4 years later."
76561198028755740,Not Recommended,235600,35497819,Posted: 5 October,all,Vathusmoure,cant play
