user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,235800,32190409,Posted: 4 June,all,Spooki Yumeko Jabami,10/10 game to play when bored with nothing else to play and you want to forget about your loneliness
,Recommended,235800,16021227,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mace Moreland,"The original Audiosurf is the reason I downloaded Steam. 185 games later Audiosurf 2 is still my favorite game which I play every day. Now that the official release is out it is better in every way than the original. There is no other game out there that reacts as dynamically to music. If you like attacking scores on puzzle games like Tetris Attack, then puzzle league is for you. Play Vegas as an introduction and study how the scoring system works and you'll be hooked. If at first you can't compete then pick some obscure song that only you and a handfull of people own and capture that high score. Down the road you will get an email that someone dethroned you and you will laugh and re-attack their score. Thanks Dylan for listening to the fans and making the perfect game!"
,Recommended,235800,17573422,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kroger Brand Daniel Product,"Many years ago, Dylan Fitterer asked a simple question: ""Wanna see me make the greatest music game you've ever played?"" And so, he went on to create Audiosurf, and at the time, it was. The way it analyzed and understood music files was unparalleled, and many other games tried to match it. Some did reasonably well, some failed. Dylan began an ascension as he improved upon Audiosurf further - introducing things like (difficult to find) separate scoreboards for mono players, [as-tags], and a buff to all the characters that weren't Pointman.Soon, Dylan's ascension took him from us and into the next plane over. And as time wore on, we began to notice flaws in the original product, many of which stem from Quest3D, its engine, being garbage, but also some discrepancies in the music matching algorithm. Then, recently, a great glowing ball of pure astral energy descended from the clouds, and in an echoy, yet very much familiar voice, it asked a simple question:""Wanna see me do it again?"""
,Recommended,235800,16014744,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jeff,"If you enjoyed the original audiosurf, get this, it's basically audiosurf, but opened up to the max, with fantastic modding support and every mode you could wish for. If a mode you want isn't there, chances are you can find it on the workshop already, and the game has only just left early access. If you haven't played the original, also get this. It's a brilliant rhythm game where you can play with any song you like on a multitude of game modes."
,Not Recommended,235800,16434117,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zeream,"Update:  Sigh, how far Audiosurf has fallen.  A real damn shame.  And yes, since release this game still has all the issues I underline in this review.  Read on for the review by the way!Original:  I have to say, game didn't live up to release.  I am disappointed as a puzzler player.  I will not be reviewing this as a standalone title, rather as a comparison to the original Audiosurf.Puzzle modes feel vastly inferior and have much less response than in Audiosurf 1.  Ironmode has been cut, as well as pretty much all the modes from the first game.  Easy modes have been cut completely, and elite and regular modes have instead  been ""merged"" together.  Elite is now the default and only puzzler mode difficulty, but the powerups are all wrong for elite mode.  The first Audiosurf had 3 different difficulty modes for each puzzler and mono gametype (not counting the ironmode modifier), and it made getting into everything quite easy and fun.  Audiosurf 2 will probably alienate you if you are new to the game or an expert, because it lacks these training modes and the old modes do NOT feel the same as they used to.Furthermore, it seems the hitbox has increased and the responsiveness of the controls seems to be lessened so you will have a harder time collecting the right blocks.  For example, often a player would strafe to one side of the board and back to their original position in a fraction of a second to get the right block out of a fast-moving row of blocks; this is now near impossible without picking up half the blocks in that row in the process.  In another example, the first game had a safety mechanic where if you collected many blocks at once you would not necessarily overflow because the overflow mechanic was time based; abusing this in the ""Eraser"" and ""Eraser Elite"" puzzler modes was fun and useful, since it allowed you to get really high scores and made the gameplay really intense.  Its been... fixed(?) in this game however, so based on the speed and the traffic of most songs you are either going to be erasing half your board every few seconds or overflowing every few seconds, without any recovery as such.Speaking of which, there is no traffic meter anymore, so when you go into a song you don't really know how intense its going to be beyond the slopes, but lets be honest most of us have already listened to the music we play on this game so we know where the ups and downs are.  As such, cutting the traffic meter was a major setback, especially for intense puzzler mode players.  If you wanted low traffic for your pusher modes, well, you're out of luck.  If you wanted high traffic for your eraser modes, again, out of luck.  Since you also move slower (well, it sure feels like it.  I can't find my sweet sensitivity spot anymore like I could in Audiosurf 1) couple that with closer traffic and you'll have an even harder time navigating to get the right matches.  Visibility of the matching-board has also been reduced, so seeing individual colors is harder.  Game sounds have also been reduced making it harder to distinquish between collection of white blocks and color blocks.  All these changes make the puzzle (and mono) modes harder or deminish experience, however that added difficulty does not make the game more engaging rather more frustrating.Also despite being so much more graphically advanced, I feel like its just simply more noisy, hindering complicated puzzle gameplay.  The first game had the simple yet colorful style going for it, not to mention easy customization of said color schemes.  You could make it intuitive and responsive easily to your playstyle.  Customization options are now embedded in coding editors, so you will not have a very easily-customized-on-the-fly experience like in the first game.  In other words, unless you want to play with code you probably won't get a good puzzler game mode out of the box or on workshop.Probably my biggest compaint, however, is the camera; it used to zoom in on you quite a lot and you felt the adrenaline rush of going faster, but now it... zooms out?  What gives?  This not only makes it harder to control but eliminates that rush!If there is one thing the second title does well however, its the mono modes.So for everyone looking for a mono sequel, this is where you want to look.In addition to the good mono modes, Audiosurf 2 has excellent library support, soundcloud tie-ins, and the aesthetics going for it.  It also offers more modes for music than in Audiosurf 1, and there have been a few interesting community made ones developed over the past two years.  However, its just that; a few.  The game only contains default content as well, which is scarce at best compared to the original game.If you are looking for hardcore puzzler modes to go with your music, then you want to look at Audiosurf 1, not this title.  I have to say the leaderboards also function a lot better on Audiosurf 1 as well; they feel like an afterthought in Audiosurf 2.Might I mention that since the game went early access in '13, it had some interesting content thrown in during the first 3 months and 2 years or so later nothing was really added besides a few aesthetic improvements.  Workshop community content didn't improve either.  It seems people bought it, played it a little, waited for new content but nothing came, and forgot about it, and the community reflects this as there are few if any additions since then that are not purely aesthetic.  No new game modes, no nothing.  It seems even the developer just gave up and forgot at some point, and only recently rememberd and decided to finally ""release"" the game by adding some superficial and unnecessary interface improvements that don't add anything.  Definitely not worth waiting several years for.  If that doesn't tell you anything about how much the developer cares about this game, well...At the end of the day, given the lack of community feedback and attention as well as developer attention this game is largely just a graphical improvement over the first game for those who like mono modes.  Beyond that, this game doesn't live up to the prequel, especially not gameplay wise.  As such, given my playstyle and what was expected in the time of development and what occurred, I do not recommend Audiosurf 2."
,Recommended,235800,16014008,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,djschaum520,A few of my Early Access complaints have been answered thanks to the official product release.This game is practically the Guitar Hero of PC gaming. I would highly recommend it.
76561198068287485,Recommended,235800,13152618,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Experimental - MEME - Emulator,Perfect for when its too cold to trip outside.
,Recommended,235800,7744221,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tenler Jay,"Note that the game is in an alpha state: if you expect next to no bugs and is perfectly playable, buying this during early access isn't a good idea.Now as of the state right now, it's simple you pick a mode, a visual skin, and a song on your computer or from people you follow on SoundCloud and you're on your way to surfing on your own music. The game is very fun, and the new modes are a blast. Older modes seem much better thanks to the new visuals. The mods from Steam Workshop also add a lot of content to the games such as new modes a nd visuals. Plus as the game is still in devolpent there's always new features on the way.It's hard to show the cons of the game, as they can all be fixed in due time, or are being fixed as I write this. The menus are by far the biggest problem, they are a little bit cumbersome, scrolling is iffy, and gamepad support isn't in supported in the menus, however don't take it to heart, as all of these will be fixed in due time.Fina say: I can recommend this to anyone who knows how a beta/alpha works, and loves their own music library."
76561198121944580,Recommended,235800,14513755,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Knivez,"Pros:-Graphics have improved-Feels a little more intense-New modes make playing a little more fun-Workshop mods have a variety of new skins and modes to choose from (though some of them are horrible and need to be fixed)Cons:-Horrendous menu design-Slow loading times-Extremely lacking in setting options (NO SONG VOLUME CONTROL??)-Also unable to go back to your game when in settings menu and have to start song over again from the songs menu.. (lame..)Since this is early access, I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and hope the game improves when it's fully released. But to be honest, you're better off with Audiosurf 1 for now until they have new updates."
76561198020684437,Recommended,235800,16086155,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,☠ Odin ☠,"Improvement over the first one! Worth the price if you like to listen a lot of music. And no need to have your hard drive full of songs as you can blast them through Soundcloud service! This is the best way to enjoy your music if you want to just sit back & relax or try to be a hardcore player and get top points over leaderboards of all the possible songs. It's your call, but I guarantee you will enjoy your favorite music in totally new way! ;)"
,Recommended,235800,28112331,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Degni,"I wish there were a Neutral option for reviews, but anyway - IONLYrecommend this game if you have a pretty decent song library in your computer. Why? Lemme explain:YouTube FiascoThis game used Soundcloud to stream songs for us to play back in the day until October~November 2016, but, after Soundcloud ceased any applications from using its services, the developer, Dylan, had a few weeks to think about what he was going to do with this game... and honestly, he's lucky his game is great as it is because Audiosurf 2 was almost unplayable for one week or so as a result of it.After a while, he decided to switch AS2's music streaming from Soundcloud to YouTube, which was okay-ish in my book at the start since it was a brand new feature and we were able to play again, but, unfortunately... that didn't turned out as expected.Now AS2 relies on YouTube to do the same job Soundcloud used to do... but, you see, there's one big problem -YouTube is disturbingly buggy.Aside from the little video at the bottom of the screen that annoys some people, the known bugs so far are - freezing issues, crashes, lag spikes, and apparently compatibility issues with Macs.However, from a competitive person point of view, my biggest gripe with this game now is - if you play any video directly from YouTube, say likeany song from the Popular tab- the game may or may not change your block pattern to a completely different one every time you restart the song! And this includes ALL the multipliers as well. This can happen in ANY MODE, including Turbo ones where the tracks aren't randomized after every restart as well.As a result, competing for records turns from a very rewarding experience to a freaking nightmare, simply because some patterns have fewer blocks and/or multipliers in other places of the song, which royally screws you, the player, trying to beat an old score or any chance of snatching a spot on the global leaderboards. Sometimes you will get a great pattern that might work in your way, but, I wouldn't count on that happening.By the way, I've been noticing that the block patterns usually changes every week, so if you ever play some Popular song and, out of nowhere, some dude jumps from like, 325k points to 360k without any reachable multiplier in your current track, then you'll know they're playing a different version of the song.I don't really know why it happens, but it may have something to do with how YouTube process its audio streams.Here are some pictures to back up my statement.It is the exact same song: Jack Conte - Daft Punk Skrillex Remix and game mode is Mono.I think I've played at least 6 different versions of this song and so far NO subsequent version comes close to beat my personal best in comparison to the ""original"" one I previously played, also the one where I got my best score.Anyway, if you don't care about fighting for spots on the leaderboards, then you shouldn't worry too much about this whole YouTube audio streaming debacle. The bugs aren't as common as this review may lead you to think, but they happen every now and then and they might crap all over your game, so keep that in mind.Some other points:PROSGreat community! I made some good friends in and out of this game. Also, if you're competitive, be prepared to make some rivals as well. Dethrone and be dethroned!TONS of different game modes. Workshop included.Hundreds of different user made skins to choose from the workshop.Probably the best time sinker/waster I've ever played. It's THAT good. The leaderboards made everything better in my eyes.Very addicting. I lost count of how many times I said this exact sentence ""3am... alright, just another song"".Forgiving and rewarding learning curve if you're willing to spend time understanding the mechanics of any given mode you might be interested in playing. In my opinion, this is more of a puzzle game rather than a rhythm game.This might be redundant but you can play any audio file you want in this game, even podcasts, interviews or whatever you want to!CONSThe developer is MIA.The free demo is unplayable for some people.Some of the YouTube bugs are yet to be fixed.YouTube's audio streaming system as a whole.A few YouTube songs (e.g Heathens by twenty one pilots) are desynchronized and currently there's no real way to ""fix"" the desync problem.Mono mode is by far the most popular mode, and the worst bit it is that Mono is completely RNG based, and... sometimes RNG is going to take a dump all over your score. God damn it, endless middle blocks.IF YOU ALREADY HAVE SONGS ON YOUR COMPUTER......and since you're still reading this review, then yes, buy this game - both from a casual play and from a hardcore headhunter standpoint. This will keep you entertained for months.Now, if you're a competitive person, then you shouldn't have too many problems fighting for positions on leaderboards using your own music files.... I mean, only if you manage to find unbeatable scores because *perhaps* the 1st place used a different version of the same song, but that doesn't happen too often - at least in my experience.You're gonna find tons of players with different files of the same song but almost all files follow a similar pattern, whereas they balance each other in terms of multipliers and block placement along the track. However, you're gonna stumble upon some crazy scores out there - just reminding you of the possibility.If you're getting bored from the game, try the Workshop mods and skins and try a different mode! Endless possibilities.Oh yeah, before I forget. Hey yo, Dylan! Please, come back to Audiosurf 2, will ya?"
,Recommended,235800,10811293,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,OTENBlasto,"This is absolutely AWESOME especially the WAKEBOARD mode. LITERALLY, RIDE YOUR OWN MUSIC... if you prefer animal sounds or a recording of your boss' voice while going ballistic about your unpunctuality, YOU CAN RIDE IT. Just plug in almost any sound file in the game. But preferably put your own music that pumps you up.  ITS ALL ABOUT THE WAVE DUDE. RIDE OR DIE. I'm sure there are a lot more GOOD things to come when this game is complete!PSDon't lose your job."
76561198064824558,Not Recommended,235800,16093208,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,sin(cos(tan(sec(csc(cot(-X)))))),"When I first played Audiosurf 2, I expected it to be pretty much like the original, only flashier. This was not a bad thing, as the original game had eveything pretty much correct and further aesthetics could only serve to make the game better. Unfortunately, instead of adding stronger aesthetics, Audiosurf 2 did the exact opposite. Simply by loading it up, the menu appeared very unpolished, the gameplay felt stagnant, and the visuals were bland at best. This was in contrast to the original's flashy title, fluid and immersive gameplay, and cool backgrounds which moved to the music, adding to the experience.All of that, however, was early on in Audiosurf 2's Early Access period and I decided to wait for a full release for a final judgement. Now that the game has been fully released, I can now say this: not much has changed. The menu is still boring, the gameplay is still anything but fluid or immersive, and the background visuals have disappeared. Audiosurf 2 is practically a shadow of the original Audiosurf and a huge disappointment. If you come to this game looking for an awesome, immersive and new way to experience your music, stick to the original.FINAL VERDICT: 4/10"
76561197986541538,Recommended,235800,32207162,Posted: 5 June,all,Multihog,"Used to be worse than the first, but it has evolved into a more polished and feature-rich version of the Audiosurf we all know. My favorite music-based game so far."
,Recommended,235800,23826955,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gaw,"FeatureDetailsScoreGameplayEngaging while also very fun. The huge variety of gamemodes help. You'll keep playing just to beat a leaderboard score.5/5GraphicsStunning, nostalgic or rainbow vomit. You decide with the massive amount ofskins.5/5SettingsThere is room for improvement, with just one screen with all settings thrown on it.3/5Music SyncProbably the best you can get, without creating specific timings like osu or stepmania. You will see the shortcomings in some gamemodes, such as audiosprint.4/5Steam WorkshopGamemodes can be created with lua, skins with textures and some 3d modelling. There is a decent collection that continues to grow.4/5Online ConnectivityThe value of being able to use YouTube to play songs or send challenges to friends cannot be overstated. I would also recommendAS2Tracker.5/5Songs tested:Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc [audiosprint][daylight]Fiver T.J. Fox - Who you gonna call? [wakeboard][greenhill]Hatsune Miku - Bad Apple [casual][SimpleN1randomspace]Andrade ""Cien"" Almas - Making A Difference [mono][spektrum]Chase & Status - International (VIP Vs Skrillex) [vegas][as-portal]JAM - the Festival of Ghost 2 [wakeboard][sergalicious shiny]Zea - The Ghost of Wind [ninja][spektrum]"
,Recommended,235800,13577237,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,meattape,"Better than the first. The graphical change takes some getting used to, but you can change the skins.The general allignment/ track creating is a bit better. See you guys on the leaderboardsPROS:Better trackingIn game ""live"" highscoresSoundcloud (your music + who you follow)Different highscore boardsShuffle every audio file you have into a playlistI can tell people to check out my mixtape in the commentsCONS:Game lags with steam notificationsTracking isn't always 100% the same as the last time you played itSuggetions:Ability to ""bookmark"" certain file locations for ease of selecting musicBe able to set parameters for shuffle playlist"
76561197979487649,Recommended,235800,16200487,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Trashware,"+ The graphics look and feel really good. Dusk theme is my personal favorite, I can finally surf more than 5 songs without getting a headache. Great improvement on Audiosurf 1!+ The improved algorythm adds to that feeling as well. More bounce!+ Workshop has some fun and well made skins to surf with+ Soundcloud integration is nice, that site deserves more attention imho+ I like the wakeboard mode, although I don't fully understand it yet+- Search screen is good, but also confusing since online content and offline content aren't shown separately. You're forced to search in both at the same time.+-  I don't like online pollution promoting songs I don't care about on my startup screen. But I guess it's helpful to guide people to songs that actually have a global score to compete with.- Global scores are generally empty though, and I'm afraid that will stay that way since AS2 just isn't as popular as the first one. This is much less the case with Audiosurf 1, even nowadays. This is especially true if you're listening to less popular music.- It feels like cheating not to be as harshly punished for overfilling. I liked that challenge better in AS1. I do like that all of the modes are still available though (I think all of them are there at least).- Menu isn't as good looking or clear as in AS1 either- No music on startup. The opening track of AS1 and the menu graphics gave the game some personality, no such thing here. It feels more clinical.- No achievements (at the time of this writing, at least) - [No wait, there are now!]- Still no Spotify integration. I understand why, but this game would sell so much better if it would be possible. And sales are needed for those global scoresWould I recommend this game considering these thoughts? Sure. Well, I'd say that if you already own Audiosurf 1, wait until it's on sale. If you don't own either, buy either at either full price or sale. It's still pretty cool."
76561198142368630,Recommended,235800,17288888,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Bottom Frag Specialist,"So I picked up this game not too long ago, really cool colors and beats combined with a puzzle like gameplay. Not incredibly fun but a good time killer/Then I played it baked.11/10 with trees"
,Recommended,235800,17113586,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Gradev,"Audiosurf 2 had a bumpy start when it was initially released through early access, but with each patch and tweak the game rapidly improved. Now as a official release the game is a worthy successor to the original, and with workshop support it has way more potential."
76561198035531441,Recommended,235800,13683669,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RazoImprie,"I gave this a very negative review when this game was still in early access.I'm so glad I've gone back now - it feels like a completely different game. It is an absolutely fantastic, polished game now!"
,Not Recommended,235800,26483251,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Zachman270,"Audiosurf and Audiosurf 2 have been my favorite rythm games for years. After not playing for a few weeks, I loaded the game again today to find that the ""Song of the Day"" now has a youtube icon underneath.I started up the song, and the first thing I noticed is that a Youtube video player appears on the right bottom corner of the screen. After waiting several seconds for the song to start, a message came up saying I had to click in the player to start the song.  Odd, but ok. I clicked in it, figuring the player would go away... NOPE. It just stays there and plays the damn video while you're trying to play the game. Oh and it has no trouble loading those text-based ads either, so it looks especially great (sarcasm). This completely kills the atmosphere and mood of the game.Hoping there was a way to hide the player, I proceeded to the settings menu. After not finding any option, I tried to close the settings menu with the OK button, which then prompted me to open something through my internet browser. (I assiume that I was in some kind of way actually clicking on the invisible Youtube video's ad which might have been over the OK button somehow...) After doing an Alt+F4, here I am writing this review.I don't know what the logic was behind this update, but it's an absolute disappointment. The perfectly-working Soundcloud integration was removed, there's no apparent way to remove the  obtrusive Youtube video box, and frankly the game took several steps backward. Even if there was a change in the Soundcloud API, or whatever I can gather from the other discussions, I feel that it would've been better to disable the online track selection entirely rather than update the game with a mess of an alternative.Hopefully the Audiosurf developer(s) will reintegrate the great SoundCloud support the game once had, or at the very least - fix the multitude of issues with the Youtube player.I would recommend the game again once these issues are fixed."
76561198091039252,Recommended,235800,16049176,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Aramist,$15 epilepsy test.
,Not Recommended,235800,26174226,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Averost,"Audiosurf was a fantastic time waster before the most recent update. It useded to use Soundcloud integration to allow users to search for nearly any song and it would pull the audio straight from Soundcload with no disruptions or hassels. After the most recent update, the Audiosurf 2 dev team have swapped out the problem-free Soundcloud integration for a clunky, slow, and buggy Youtube integration.When the game worked with Soundcloud a user could just search a song name, and if a soundcloud user had uploaded it, they could play it immediatly.Now when the player searches a song they have to go through Youtube to find it, this allows the user to find pretty much any song they'd ever want. The downside is that upon playing a song for the first time, Audiosurf has to take 5 minutes, somtimes more converting the video over to an MP3 format.Previouslly when loading a song from Soundcloud it would just play immediatlly upon entering the actual game, now users need to play the Youtube video in a small box, distracting box in the lower right corner.I would've recomended this game if they had not swapped out the Soundcloud itegration, or heck even allowed users to switch between the two platforms. But in it's current state, Audiosurf 2 is simply too much of a pain in my butt to enjoy."
76561198025546425,Recommended,235800,16067994,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Pelican,"Now this is an awesome casual game.  The original Audiosurf was a great deal of fun, but it was from another era, where people kept large directories full of music on their hard drives.  This version can still use that music, if you still have it, but it also allows streaming music from Soundcloud.I am having a lot of fun surfing to new music.  Let me tell ya, I never thought much of dubstep, but some of that music is nightmare mode for surfing :)"
,Not Recommended,235800,26451459,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mithra,"Unfortunately, I had to uninstall this game because it became absolutely horrible. Youtube integration is the worst possible move ever and other than that, gameplay isn't smooth. Pre-youtube update I was getting a solid 60 FPS at all times. Now, it's stuttering at the worst times. And no, I don't even have a bad computer. I have a GTX 970 with an overclocked 4790K."
,Not Recommended,235800,18779846,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Stanto,"I mainly play mono and ninja mono from Audiosurf, and I'm just not feeling it with Audiosurf 2.It feels wrong, it moves wrong and while the beats match pretty well it's just lost functionality compared to Audiosurf one.Mono and its counterpart no longer have the mechanic of picking up from all lanes, it seems, and removing blocks you pickup. Instead picking up a 'bad block' removes one from your pickup pile and that's it. There's nothing else, 'ninja' is just ""hey you managed to avoid it all"".The default scheme of spheres is awful, I can't tell when I collide with it anymore, and it used to be the case that you could straddle two lanes, you can't anymore.Maybe I'm missing something, but go buy Audiosurf 1."
,Recommended,235800,13116343,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Plær1,"Haven't played it a ton yet, loved the original can allready tell this one is going to be better!Pros:-Workshop integration.-Soundcloud Integration.Cons:Some menu features are still a little buggy (not ever been a big deal).Suggestions (I feel like that's sort of what early acess is for):-Would Love to see spotify intigration, not sure if this is possible.-In the absense of that I would suggest maybe grooveshark.~Cheers)Will update review as game progress, I have more feels, ect...("
,Recommended,235800,17167204,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Apprentice Taco,Seems like you peeps really like Anime music and Monstercat
76561198051628179,Not Recommended,235800,24720340,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dragan232,"The differences between Audiosurf 1 and 2: this one is newer, mod friendly, and there seems to be more recent leaderboard activity (probably due to the fact that it is newer) but Audiosurf 1 had the benefit of being ""loved"" by the developer.A U D I O S U R F  1:What I mean is that Audiosurf 1 is a little more simple, but the gamemodes, options, multipliers, and menus all feel much more refined even if they are a little dated by current standards. You start it up, you get the theme music in the background while you look through the nicely sized selection of stock gamemodes, each with unique playstyles and points of difficulty, in a straightforward menu. You pick a song and start playing on a track that, while it doesn't have a ton of fancy skins available like what you can subscribe to in Audiosurf 2, is decently good looking and is defined clearly enough to play well. There are a few easily understood powerups that can be collected, and there are a few different goals that you can shoot for to multiply your score.Once your song is finished, you get to see scores on your song sorted by difficulty and by locality; even if you play music that's a little obscure, there's a good chance that at least someone else in the world has played it on one of the many different gamemodes and difficulties, and their name will appear on the boards regardless of your own selection of options, and you can compete with them. If there are mods available for Audiosurf 1, they aren't very prominent as I've never heard of them, but they aren't necessary anyway, because Audiosurf 1 is a great experience by itself with plenty of ways to play songs.A U D I O S U R F  2:Early experience:I heard that a new Audiosurf was coming out a while back, and I believe I picked it up while it was still in early access. What I saw and felt while I played it was acceptable by early access standards; the nice, familiar, upbeat theme music of the first game was missing, and in addition the 3rd-party-music-playeresque (and perhaps a little tacky albeit comfortable) design of the menu was replaced by black boxes and generic text font, leaving the menus feeling pretty lifeless in comparison to the first. I figured hey, it'll probably have the charm of the original all built into it once it's done though, right?It really hasn't changed much since then. The exciting sort of amped up feel of starting up Audiosurf 1 is still gone, the UI is still boring, and it's not as straightforward compared to the original in my opinion.The new emphasized gamemode was the wakeboarding thing which I haven't played in at least a year or more; it was alright, and I started out by playing a few songs that way, but it didn't take long for me to migrate back to the familiar gamemodes of the first, which I find to be much more engaging and fun. A bunch of gamemodes and different difficulties were missing when I played, but I figured ""well they'll be added later, I'm sure it'll be fine""...Spoiler, they got cut completely in favor of a few of the basic gamemodes with no difficulty selection. I still think that the gameplay of the first was more entertaining and had a greater variety than the stock gameplay of Audiosurf 2, but they did add workshop mods to Audiosurf 2!... about those mods...One of the things I enjoyed most about the original Audiosurf was that you could find a leaderboard to climb for almost any song, because all scores were put in in a kind of standardized way; all the gamemodes were stock, and within the same difficulty bracket you could compete with anybody else on any other gamemode. In Audiosurf 2 however, there is a much smaller selection of default gamemodes with difficulties simply being abolished; the standardized scoreboard is gone now completely, scrapped in favor of gamemode specific scoreboards, and this means that whatever song you like, your basically out of luck finding competition unless you play one of the few default gamemodes, the most popular workshop gamemodes, or unless the song is really popular itself. I think there's also a smaller playerbase for Audiosurf 2 compared to the amount of people who played (and perhaps continue to play) Audiosurf 1 over the years, meaning that fewer scores have likely been accumulated for fewer songs. It certainly feels that way.Basically, mods have killed the old score system that practically guaranteed competition, but you do get more gamemodes... the mod that I personally play more than anything is literally just a reacreation of an Audiosurf 1 gamemode that got cut, so take that how you will.E P I T A P H:As I said earlier, it just really feels like this one was unloved. The first one was packaged up to be a solid experience on its own, and thats very much the feeling that I get whenever I play it; the whole thing, loading screens, tracks, music and all, just feels very deliberately put together. This one on the other hand just feels like the dev decided to create another one, but once it occured to them that they could use the workshop as filler for a lack of options, they cut corners and they just created sort of a skeleton of the previous game and shipped it out without putting the heart into it that the first one had.That's really what it feels like, a framework for workshop content rather than a solid game by itself. If that appeals to you, or maybe if you don't care about the scoreboards and just want to play a nice looking track with a bunch of different gamemodes, you'll probably enjoy this one. I still play every now and again, and it IS fun having the ability to challenge your steam friends and all, but I have to say Audiosurf 1 is the better game in my opinion. You should atleast get that one first, if you don't have it already."
76561198040496447,Not Recommended,235800,10275315,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Phenexian,"I really wouldn't recomend this game, when you could buy Audio Surf 1.This game has much longer loading times, which for a game about listening to music is a real black mark, and the new designs for the track massively reduce the feeling that I'm riding my music - with the exeption of the new Wakeboarding mode, which while I get a sense of riding my music, isn't particularly engoyable to play. For the most part it is selling itself on the mods available on the steam workshop, which isn't really enough in my books. Perhaps in time it might improve, but for now, I'd advise you avoid it."
,Recommended,235800,32599664,Posted: 20 June,all,CthulhuChan,"After checking this out on Youtube I decided to pick up the game for myself, and I was not disappointed.This game really is a must have if you are into music and enjoy playing games to your favorite songs as this game is basically POWERED by your favorite songs.Audiosurf 2 really can take any song you give it and turn it into a track, be it techno, Death metal, or memes, this game can do it. Add that to a wealth of community skins and modes to keep the game going fresh and give more of a challenge to speed demons such as myself and you have a game that creates a ""One More Song!!"" mentality like none other.If you love music, you'll likely love this."
76561198050956844,Recommended,235800,15785004,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fuzzie,"If you liked Audiosurf 1, then Audiosurf 2 is the right thing for!First things first, Audiosurf 1 was great - let us who have tried the original game, admit this.Audiosurf 1 had it all,- A raceing ship.- Greys to avoid.- Colored blocks to catch.- Music - from you own libary!- And other gamemodes!!!!!And then theres Audiosurf 2... I'm an advanced mono/turbo player, and by the time I have wrote this review, I've been playing this game for around 350.8 hours.So what does Audiosurf 2 have, that the original didn't have? Let me tell you:- Audiosurf 2 has all as the original game.- Audiosurf 2 has MOD SUPPORT! (In a better way than the original.)- Also the sequel has skin support... Yes you can create your own skins and appereance for this game...- You can also connect to soundcloud ingame and stream music through that.- But the most important thing, is that the Audiosurf 2 community is ever expanding and is much more alive than the original game.I've actually met new people and ""friends"" in this game!So if you want a game with a great community, with an ever expanding playground for modders and skinners and a new feel for riding your music, then this game is for you guys!I give this game 9/10.PS: There is alot that I have choosen to leave out of this review, because else there would be no fun for you guys to explore... (^-^)"
,Recommended,235800,16324585,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,77th | Rec | Caesarmeister,"Get this game if you love listening to music and want to have some casual fun along with it. If you don't want to pay the full price go for Audiosurf (the first one).There isn't much difference between the two, however Audiosurf 2 has some nice updates. More gamemodes, introduction of the soundcloud, better graphics etc.Ye!"
,Not Recommended,235800,19018048,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mecha King Kong,"I have a lot of music in my music folder. Maybe a few thousand songs. The game can't handle that so I can only play songs by artists with names A-H. If I want to play anything after H, I'll have to move those songs to another folder, making my computer more messy.UPDATE: It only shows the first 1001 songs from each folder. It's a known bug, there is no fix and the developer has shown no interest in patching it."
,Not Recommended,235800,16404486,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Not really much advanced beyond the first game - same gameplay, nothing really new here, even feels unfinished in many places.  The graphics tend to be distracting and overall many of the skins don't look great.  The menus/interface are not polished.What I would have expected from an Audiosurf 2, but is not contained this game:- Broad audio source integration - youtube, spotify, pandora, iTunes, anything honestly.  Soundcloud is a start but this is 2015, most people aren't collecting mp3s on their drives anymore.- Ways to tune the track algorithm that don't involve completely different game modes.  Speed, hilliness, colors, slope, shapes, more/fewer lanes.  Lots of low-hanging fruit here, none of which the devs touched.- Basic run stats.  This is a given in any rhythm game.  I want to know what I missed, where I missed it.Edit: Apparently this is controversial, so I'll provide some further explanations.There are upwards of 75 million global monthly users of Spotify alone.  Youtube, meanwhile, has almost a billion monthly users and the most popular category of content, by far, is music.  Add to that other streaming services like iTunes radio, Pandora, iHeart, Google Play, last.fm, Slacker, Hype Machine - for a whole lot of people, mp3s are not a part of their music listening formula.  There's no elitism here about what's better or worse, it's just how it is.Support for streaming is obviously not easy.  You'd have to buffer the input stream or allow for real-time track generation.  It may not even be possible to make it work with the default game mode.  But anyone who says it can't be done is entirely incorrect.  It is certainly possible, and for anyone whose primary source of music is online - it becomes a necessary feature to enjoy the game with the music I actually want to listen to.  The value of this game is drastically decreased to me without it.  That's a valid factor to include in my review."
,Recommended,235800,23299586,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,somebody336,"Audiosurf 2 is a lane based Rhythm game where the tracks are created by the music you are playing. If you have played the first you know exactly what to expect here as it is a very “more of the same” sequel. You still have Mono mode where the goal is to simply collect blocks and avoid the gray ones while you also have four characters that require you to match blocks up to their respective colors. You have two new modes introduced to this sequel, qne is called Wakeboarding, a mode very similar to Mono but you now have the option to jump which can be used to avoid certain blocks or to pull off tricks. The other is called AudioSprint which plays like a game from the Runner genre in which you try to dodge obstacles via sliding or jumping while being unable to lower your speed or stop. It is an interesting change of pace from the usual brick collecting and one that can be played with three other players via local multiplayer.Soundcloud has been added and allows you to search up plenty of music even if you have none on your PC which is a great feature. One thing that has seen a very big improvement from the original Audiosurf is the track generation for the slower placed songs and genre which flow much better with the pace of the song. Leaderboards are back and unlike the original you no longer have to sign up for a separate account to compete as it uses your Steam profile instead which was one of the things that bugged me most about the original. What really adds a lot of value and longevity to Audiosurf 2 is the community itself. This is a very mod friendly title in where you can create your own modes and skins to make some really neat stuff such as a Sonic theme, fling a plane to collect more fuel and even a Shmup created by your music.The new modes, better graphics, Soundcloud and even the mods themselves don't necessarily make this sequel a must have for those that already own the original. When it comes down to it, it is bigger, better and more content filled than it ever was before yet it's still the same familiar gameplay. There is nothing wrong with that but it does make it a bit of a hard bargain to buy a new game to do essentially the same thing. In a rather rare move for a game on the PC there is a demo available to actually see for yourself if this game is worth your purchase beforehand which is rather awesome of them. For those new to the series this is definitely the one to get however, as this is without a doubt the superior title and a must have for those seeking a fun, competitive rhythm game."
,Recommended,235800,12594262,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Multi,"Audiosurf 2 is an essential title for any music lover. Featuring an assortment of modes, mods and skins, AudioSurf has never played or looked better.Gameplay.Gameplay of Audiosurf 2 is a huge step up from the previous title in the series. In this edition of the much loved game, players can now download from a huge assortment of game types from the Steam Workshop; with easy, initutive controls anyone can begin making their own game mode with ease. The base modes included with Audiosurf 2 are the much loved Mono Mode; albeit, slightly different this time, Double Vision mode, and much more from the original. A new mode makes its debut in Audiosurf 2, named Waveboarding; this mode is similiar to Mono, however is much more intense (Great for those heavy rock songs). All these gamemodes can be used on any song you can throw at the game; now including SoundCloud support. This is a much welcomed addition as it allows players to enjoy the game without having to download an mp3 of their favorite songs (Which can get very cluttered/bulky, especially if you like your music).GraphicsAudiosurf 2 looks absolutely gorgeous. Never has music looked this good on a screen. Each movement of the map is fluid, the animations crisp and colorful, and the game gives off an overall atmosphere of quality rarely seen in Early Access Indie Titles these days. What makes Audiosurf 2 stand out even more from the crowd is the skin section: using the Steam Workshop (Yep, this game just loves that workshop), users can download a huge assortment of skins, ranging from Classic Audiosurf 1, to even a Mass Effect skin. The skins completely transform the way you play and can even help you get better scores, with some simplifying the game down so you don't get sesnory overload when the beat drops in the music.Overall, Audiosurf 2 is a game you need to pick up if you're a music fanatic or just want a casual relaxing experience, that can be turned up to give you a burst of adrenaline. For $15, you can't go wrong."
,Not Recommended,235800,32952444,Posted: 28 June,all,493402212,"It's okay, kind of underwhelming compared to Audiosurf 1...Pros:+Nice graphics+Easy to navigate UI+Classic mode+No loud menu music+Workshop supportCons:-No ""next song"" button-No native support for Iron Mode (there's probably a mod for it)-No native support for an Elite difficulty (Songs are kind of bland with no adjustable difficulty)-Odd 2D appearance of blocks makes it hard to determine their distance and proximityIt's good but feels like an inferior version of Audiosurf 1... I want to give it a positive review but I mean... All the cons I listed are pretty much the only reason I liked Audiosurf 1 in the first place. Just gonna stick with Audiosurf 1."
,Recommended,235800,16023521,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,X F R I M \\気持ち悪い\\,"I bought this game in 2013 and it just a ""meh"" level game. I didn't play it since then.2 years of early access development turned it possibly one of the best rhythm games (on PC).Buy it."
,Not Recommended,235800,28519248,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Major Chip Hazard,"I used to love this game before youtube was involved, now it's laggy and not as fun as it once was."
,Recommended,235800,13034482,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,walkmetothelake - IDLE FOR CARDS,Makes listening to music less of a passive experience and that's good enough for me.Some of the modes/skins available in-game and in the workshop are a lot of fun too.
,Not Recommended,235800,26162398,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,alsie,"I like this game because it reminds me how good Audiosurf 1 is by comparison.1 has a better interface, better note detection, a better scoring system, far less colour vomit, feels less sluggish, and takes up less disk space."
,Recommended,235800,7319592,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Ender,"Even in its pre release state, it perfectly captures what made the original so much fun, and builds upon it in almost every way."
,Not Recommended,235800,19321614,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ammy,"With this new Squel of Audiosurf there has been certain things done that I think are good and that I think are badPros:- Overhaul Visuals- The leaderboard system for each song has been shorted out (You will now be properly group with each song leaderboard and hopefully will not recieve a rare case of getting a split leaderboard due to the tagging of you're audiofile)- You get to see the score of other players as you play trough the level, seeing weather or not you are beaten to be at the top of the leaderboards durring a certain point of a song- Workshop support for new gamemodes and level skins- IMO Upgraded audio to level creation system- Song of the day and radio system which allows you to pick from a libary of songs you don't own (This is only one of the few ways to get a song that you know other people have played)Middle- All game modes have been fused with 1 leader board- Some ingame mechanics have been change for the actually experience of the level- All tiers of difficulty for each mode have been removed but Casual play is still available- Mono and everything eles has been seperated into to 2 different leaderboards.Con- Bonuses are less apparent (What you need to do to get a % modifier bonus to your score at the end of the level)- Removal of Ironmode (Where boys become Men)- The extreme lack of population from the previous game ATM (That song you have a handfull of people playing now has you and only you)- Lack of tutorials besides the game's loading screen for your current mode- Remember the old community where you could have check out your friends/others profiles and see what songs they have ridden and their score? Well that’s has not been included so far in this game's development;Which in the previous game was one of the reasons I continue playing. (No more friendly yet bloody competition between friends unless you go through the trouble of personally syncing your songs)If you can ignore the cons and you’re ok with the price. You're going to be fine.But for me, the lack of the ability to go into my friend’s profiles to see what songs they have chosen to ride (For reasons to beat the songs or just to see what they have chosen) is a disappointment for me.Hopefully one day this game would be brung back to its predecessor’s glory."
,Recommended,235800,16785333,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Skull,"Ever been listening to music and thought to yourself; ""Gee, I wish I had something to do with my hands other than masturbating right now.""? Then this is the game for you. Take a break from jerking it and give your hands something else to do while you listen to over-rated EDM music."
,Recommended,235800,16235280,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"Now that it's launched, with a great interface, and a bevvy of customisation options and modes, I think that it's really worth buying, even if you have Audiosurf 1. Just be prepared to cringe at the songs that other people 'audiosurf' to."
,Not Recommended,235800,26519526,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dolan Da SmexyDuk Patatoe,"This game was good, not until this youtube update came. RIP. Useless thing to add, it was all better with just the music playing on the background, theres literally no need to add the video on the freakin bottom right corner."
76561198128859000,Recommended,235800,25646023,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,a taxi,"When you're playing a really chill song and getting into itbut then you hit a star and the audience suddenly cheers at three times the volume of the songand instead of swallowing the water in your mouth, you inhale itand then it comes out of your nose.10/10 would be spooked by audience again"
76561197977537788,Not Recommended,235800,16432231,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dargon,"First let me say that I purchased Audiosurf 1 at launch and it is very much one of my favorite video games of all time. When Audiosurf 2 was announced I was thrilled and I jumped at the early access. I was very disappointed by what I played, but figured it would be made well by release. Well, here we are at release and I find the disappointment is still here.First, I suppose I should mentioned what I was hoping for. Mostly I wanted a prettier Audiosurf 1, maybe some new modes, leaderboards separated by game mode, and mod support was a bonus. Let me also mention I love the puzzle modes and hate mono. They delivered on some aspects. It is prettier, there are new modes, better leaderboards, and mod support. Unfortunately the old puzzle modes came in half baked and seemingly as an afterthoght.So, what went wrong. Let's start with a minor quibble, the UI. It feel like the embodiment of form over function. The old Audiosurf UI was ugly as sin, but was quick to select my character, my song, and get playing. This UI has a column with it's own separate-screen menu for character, for skin, and for song. What was once a three click process (and one between songs if we're playing through an albim) has become a four click minimum. But the UI qualms are minor and livable. The gameplay issues, not so much.The gameplay: The new modes are all mono. A few deviations from the old mono mode, which I always found dreadful, and a new wakeboard mode, which makes a great audio visualizer but a horrid game. It's like the old Mono mode but even less interactive. Not fun at all.The puzzle modes themselves, they each have only the expert mode from Audiosurf 1 (no casual or pro). You respawn instantly at an overfill. Perhaps worst of all, only one of the provided skins (Dusk) is any good for puzzle mode. It is the only one where the upcoming cars and the puzzle grid are very clear. Mystic comes close, but it is hard to tell how big the empty puzzle grid is. The other skins are woefully unreadable; distant colors are hard to tell and the puzzle grid becomes lost due to too much reflection, lack of decent contrast or other visual noise. And in every skin, Dusk and Mystic included, the powerups are very difficult to read from a distance, as they are disembodied, borderless shapes, hard to read until you are on top of them. Even the ""classic"" skin is difficult to play in.That all being said, at the time of this writing there are several use-made skins, some perhaps some more readable (I've not bothered as they gameplay is not worth it), and one which restores Pointman Pro. Perhaps with the proper mods, the fun of Audiosurf 1 can be restored, but I ask why on earth the base game does such a poor job of what the original did so well?In the end, if you were a fan of the mono modes in Audiosurf one or are looking for a rhythm based game based on reaction speed, you will probably enjoy this. If you liked the puzzle modes of Audiosruf 1 or are looking for a rythem based puzzle game, well, Audiosurf 1 is still fantastic.In the end, until the tremendous shortcomings of Audiosurf 2 are fixed by the modding community, stick with Audiosurf 1."
,Recommended,235800,22688318,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,retroid,"I was lukewarm to the idea of playing another ""music surf"" game, since I had exhausted the first audiosurf and fellow peers did not recommend the new one being supposedly early access, but the game at this point in my reviewing works pretty flawlessly and fantastically. A million times more variation to the original, with a steam workshop dedicated to new game modes, soundcloud support which is fantastic for me since I haven't been able to transfer my old music from the computer on to the new one, and plenty of visual skins to keep the presentation and aesthetic of surfing very fresh. It will always come down to one thing; Audiosurf doesn't have many flaws to point out in the first place, and the same applies here."
,Recommended,235800,7756012,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Picks 'n' Kicks (Terrum),"This was a big surprise to me knowing that there was going to be an Audiosurf 2. So I had to get the early access whilst I usually don't pre-order games or get them unless they're on discount, but the Audiosurf team truly deserved it and hats off to them - Audiosurf 2 deserves its own game, because it's not just an update of Audiosurf, there are TONS more you can modify with it, and having the Workshop compatibility is really good. Lastly, the fact that this is constantly being updated gives me high hopes for this game on its proper release."
,Recommended,235800,32744443,Posted: 24 June,all,Alexander Wedlin,"Played the original before, decided to finally buy the second one in the sale and to say, I'm really not disappointed.Game runs well even on a 2008 Dell with a GT 630, and plays at Ultra resolution just perfectly.Leaderboards are kinda eh, I really don't care for competitiveness  but just playing to my songs is really fun since my music library is over 30 GB, gonna have fun for a good while."
,Not Recommended,235800,10256346,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Element_K,"I played audiosurf one for hundreds of hours, I was also in the top 100 players probably, It was an amazing game. This sequel however is sloppily built and doesn't retain the things that made the original good.  Wakeboard mode isn't very good at all, and I don't see why they even added it. Half the original modes like eraser and pointman are gone, and even though they weren't the most popular modes, they were fans and pros favorites. Removing them was a very bad idea .The puzzler aspect of the game is pretty much gone, and its a twitch based skill game only now.  This game just isn't any good to me and it seems like the publisher isn't concerned about getting it finished. So sadly, I have to say I can't recommend this game. The original will remain one of the best music games of all time, with is surreal ,hyperspace like tracks and charming spaceship characters. The sequel is bogus, and if it gets finished any time soon and is decent I would be very suprised."
,Recommended,235800,16023213,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jiutti-Senpai,"I've played this since the initial release to Early Access, and I have to say it is a very big improvement over the original Audiosurf with this game's official release sealing the deal for me, adding many user-friendly and competitive features, such as very nice looking and responsive UI and and many improvements to the scoreboard system.It has all the good from the original Audiosurf, with mod support potentially giving it the infinite life cycle I think it deserves.A must-buy for any music fan out there!"
,Not Recommended,235800,9789700,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Pantajones,"Coming from a fan of the original, I'd be more inclined to recommend the old Audiosurf over its sequel.Audiosurf 2 is still very much in Early Access. Though its graphics (and performance) are substantially better and better optimized than those of its predecessor, most other parts of the interface remain unpolished and rudimentary. Some popular characters from the original, including Eraser, are still not included as part of the game's roster, and puzzle characters are fairly poorly represented overall. The biggest new addition to the series, the new Wakeboard characters, are fun once you get the hang of their gameplay style but they still suffer from the same lack of gameplay depth that plagued the Mono characters from the original.The game's creator is reportedly working on adding back the old characters and features into the game, and Audiosurf 2 does have fairly good modding support that should extend its lifespan after its official release. That being said, the fact that separate scoreboards exist on a per-character basis means that many popular tracks have nearly empty high-score lists. Gaining a throne on a particular song when only three or four novice players are your only opponents isn't anywhere near as satisfying as topping that same scoreboard in the original, and the lack of cross-character competition makes it harder to justify branching out and mastering the varying playstyles of each character and game mode.Audiosurf 2 has a fairly solid foundation, but the gameplay it tries to execute was better done in Audiosurf 1. There's definitely room for improvement and I don't doubt that the game developer fully intends to surpass the quality of his earlier work, but as of now, I'd recommend holding off until the game nears full release."
,Recommended,235800,30587479,Posted: 18 March,all,Peashooter,"It has been 9 years since I have gotten my copy of Audiosurf, the predecessor of Audiosurf 2. Truth to be told, some sequels are always not as well received as their predecessors, simply because there seems not to be a lot of additional features. Audiosurf 2 appears to be one of those sequels. Truth to be told, there is just one or two additions to Audiosurf 2, and the rest are pretty much the same as its prequel.Yet, Audiosurf 2 is definitely worth your time and investment of 9.99 USD.If you have ever read my review on Audiosurf, you would have come to understand that I only play mono because of its simplicity, and the very fact that I simply want to enjoy a ride on my music after a long day. The mono(s) in Audiosurf 2 are very similar to that of Audiosurf, with the slight difference where they split it into 2 modes, the regular one with clean finish bonus, and the one with ninja bonus (where you will be awarded extra points for not hitting any grey blocks). There are more skins to choose from, though you will definitely prefer the ones with higher contrasts and fuller vibrance, simply because they are easier to see. The leaderboard is still there and it really is not something new.Still, there is one little feature where you can load songs from youtube videos instead of your own mp3 files, and this little feature is what makes the difference between the two Audiosurfs apparent. It is true that we can always find a song from the Internet (through legal means, of course), though this definitely ties in with how the Internet and social media is progressing. Streaming, convenience and the Internet, Audiosurf 2 has definitely got hold of it.Since I have first started playing Audiosurf, a lot has happened, yet many things remained unchanged. From being a college student, I have graduated and ventured into the society and worked quite a number of jobs. People came and went, with weddings, holidays, newborns and funerals coming and going without any foreseeable pattern. Still, there are things have stayed the same. Things such as how I am found of gaming, how I need music for my brain to work, and how riding in music in Audiosurf has given my mind a canvas to unload my burden on. Perhaps it is nostalgia or perhaps it is a way of life, though Audiosurf 2 has made the game more contemporary."
,Recommended,235800,12965873,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,.#CAPTAIN_CAPSLOCK?!11,"I love Audiosurf 1 and Audiosurf 2 keeps getting better and better. I'm a dedicated mono-mode veteran and AS2 has made the right changes to it. Additionally you can absolutely feel the passion of the developer behind this project.Edit: Audiosurf2 has now been officially released, with great additions over the previous Early Access version. Apparently not everyone is happy with the new UI, though whether you like it or not the actual game itself still is fantastic  - as long as you have some piece of music that your ears yearn for.And if you want more game modes or skins in the game, there is a really creative and avid community to supply you with even more content."
,Recommended,235800,10853045,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,erick,"Very nice visuals, I enjoy the new gameplay styles, and much nicer graphics than the first."
,Not Recommended,235800,18995624,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,iMaxis,"Audiosurf 1 is better and cheaper. The only thing you get is an upgraded visualizer.Mono got gutted in this remake of it. I hate how hitting Greys is how you get the optimal score now...I prefer mindlessly hitting every colour'd block because it was supposed to be simple.Forgot to add, I hate how the track gets randomized every time you play. It means you can't get a ""perfect score"" for a song."
76561198010705408,Recommended,235800,7507381,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,N-Gaus-z,
76561198009316076,Not Recommended,235800,12271693,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,The Matlock,"The original AudioSurf was the first Steam game I ever owned. At the time I didn't know about the store, or even that there were other games. All I knew was that there was this cool little game that turned my songs into racetracks and it was awesome. Now obviously I eventually stumbled onto the rest of Steam from there. And it was while using Steam one day I saw that the game had a sequel.Now personally I am of the belief that AudioSurf never needed a sequel. It was a game with endless replayability. A new song comes out? Play it. What would a sequel do that the original hadn't already done better?I decided to find out. I put the game on for 70 minutes approximately a year ago after it came out. It was ugly, no clean interface, and worst of all you were forced into the new wakeboarding mode. I put it aside, thinking it would get better. Fast forward a year later to tonight when i see the latest update and decide to see if it's any better. Thirty minutes later, I can determine that it has gotten better, but not by much.The catchy title screen and the mellow background tune as you chose your mode and track? Gone. In it's place is just a static menu with no real background noise.Remember the lovely roller coaster of a track with all sort of shapes and patterns exploding around you? Yeah well that's been replaced by a bobsled chute with some fancy colors.The crisp and cool looking racers and blocks? The racers all look generic and you're collecting blobs of jelly rather then blocks.The wakeboarding mode is alright but I just want to race, not remember to hit jumps and then scramble to remember how to do the tricks. There's also a new mode called AudioSprint where you hit two buttons to duck or slide under blocks. It's different but with a fast paced song it becomes a chore and a frustration rather then anything fun.This game can bemodded....yay?I don't see the appeal of it myself.So basically TL:DR, the game doesn't do enough to make itself stand out from the original. The core gameplay is there, but altered and made to look like crap compared to the original. The new modes are only okay, nothing exceptional, and you can mod the game if that's something that should appeal to you in any way, shape, or form.Reccomendation: Just go buy the orignal."
,Recommended,235800,28679066,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bitch,+ Always room for challenging others to beat their high score+ Add your own songs or play from an online source+ Pretty colors+ Smooth surfingBonus: Carpal Tunnel if using the mouse
,Recommended,235800,12908464,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,k3ksimus,Not badhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utSJ2phxYcA
,Recommended,235800,16138162,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kuroneko 420,"I previously wrote a negative review and I feel that it is unfair. Therefore I have changed my tone of this review.I am a decent Audiosurf 1 eraser player.I am writing this review assuming you have played AS1 before.There are a few differences to note while playing this new sequel.YOUTUBE: Click here to view one of my plays in AS1 for proof.Note that these are differences/changes from the previous game, might be better suited for you or not.Randomized TracksThis is the biggest complaint of the game I have so far. Everytime you play a track, it's not the same patterns of colour blocks coming to you. Sometimes I see the live scoreboard and I see people scoring huge points for something impossible on my own track at that specific moment. Why not be consistent? In AS1, only bonuses were randomly generated.-The blocks stay on the board for a longer period of timeBeing a player who usually choose fast songs, this ultimately makes things harder for me. I am constantly looking at a full board and it is hard to visualize which blocks are already scored and ready to leave. It's so long that I have to exceed the limit of rows in order to clear the block, assuming the blocks were about to score. This is something I am trying to adapt to.-Too many whitesAgain, being a player who choose fast songs, whites ♥♥♥♥ the puzzle scoring up quite often and can be quite disastrous. We only pick whites up because of the attractive bonus points. But it seems that whites are almost as numerous as yellows now or even blues? Again, this is something I am trying to adapt to, I am treating this as a new challenge for me.-No difficulty settingIn AS1 you had the option to choose from Casual, Pro, Hardcore and I was usually playing Pro.Overall, I think the change of UI was quite refreshing, however I feel there is much room for improvement. Adding support for SoundCloud is great, however I cannot view my own playlists or likes which is kinda of missing the point.These are my first impressions so FAR. If you are a veteran player, you might have to take some time and practice to get used to the new rules. Other than that, this is a new refreshing game which will get you back to AS!Time to dethrone!"
,Recommended,235800,12227135,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[KR]Silvio Rodriguez,"Are you a lover of music? No?Okay, do you atleast enjoy music? Yes? Good!Than this is a game for you, this game let you ride your music like you ride aroller coaster, except you collect different kind of blocks to gain points while riding it.The levels are different for each song, a calm song leads to a calm level and so on.The difference between this game and the first game is that this has moddability, which grants endlessreplayability since more and more ways of playing the game is developed, but also the ability to play songs on Soundcloud.I know that is important since not a lot of people have their computers filled with MP3'sVisually this game is amazing, especially with some themes in the workshop, I've lately checked around withthe theme ""Electrica"", beautiful! It's kind of a trip really.So yeah, if you like fast paced ""puzzle"" games with music as it's strengh, than yeah this is a game for you!And for me!"
76561198042204542,Recommended,235800,22917491,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mumbles,"What is Audiosurf 2?Well my friend, I'm glad you asked. Audiosurf 2 is a rhythm-based game created in 2015 by developer Dylan Fitterer. The original game was well recieved by critics and fans and was quite popular in the gaming community so why not release another game you know?Ok whats the deal here, it can't be much different to the original can it?Well it kind of is to be honest. I've only ever played the demo of the original Audiosurf game which was released back in February 2008 and there is a tonne more content on this 'overhauled' version of the game. New modes, skins to surf on, connectivity to Soundcloud so you don't actually need to have music on your disk drive to actually play the game and Steam Workshop capabilities make this a helluva' lot better than the original.I've never played the original game, what is it about?So the objective of Audiosurf is to rack up points by hitting the procedurally placed 'blocks' on the track of the level, which can be controlled by either a controller, mouse or even keyboard if you're feeling lucky enough... Punk. As well as this, you need to dodge the grey 'blocks' in the track, otherwise you'll lose a combo or streak of points and it'll be higher to obtain that high-score that you've been spending four and a half days trying to achieve.What sorts of songs can you play on this?Anything your heart desires! Depending on the BPM of the track, it changes the difficulty of the game entirely. Say for example you're into music like LCD Soundsystem and Coldplay with most of the time, a low BPM, the game should be somewhat easy if you know what you're doing. However, if you like genres of music with a higher BPM such as Gabber or Speedcore, then get ready for a bumpy ride my friend.Is this game worth getting at all?Absolutely! If you're a fan of music or rhythm-based games, then this is definitely something you need to pickup in the near future or when it goes on sale. I actually bought it for full price back near its release date but I've definitely got the capacity to run a load more hours into the game."
,Recommended,235800,23852265,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sfarog,"Just like the previous one but betterGot this during the 2016 Summer Sale, both me and my girlfriend had a great time with it, we either took turns on the same song, or we played 'dual mono' (a mode from the Workshop).Quite a fun game.GameplayMaybe it's me, but Audiosurf 2 definitely seems to sync with songs better.Other than that, gameplay is similar to the previous one, except for the modes, there are about two more (with many more available on the workshop)I like the Soundcloud integration, but for some reason it doesn't detect all my uploaded songs.I wish there was a YouTube integration aswell, but i suppose they didn't want to make a partnership with Audiosurf 2.Setting up 'personal goals' might keep you even more entertained, for example, i played a 20 minute trackmix i made about 2-3 years ago, without taking a break, while the legends say that my eyes still bleed, it was pretty fun and challenging.I highly recommend you a controller (gamepad), mouse works just fine, in fact, i play better with the mouse, but the mouse doesn't give that amazing arcade feeling the controller gives me.Overall, the gameplay is like in the first one, and if you're not aware with what you are doing in the game, it's pretty simple -- You just 'ride' on the rhytm of songs, avoid obstacles, and collect colorful blocks.ModdingAudiosurf 2 is pretty moddable, inside the workshop you can find hundreds of new game modes, but also skins!Modding is a great aspect in games, and i am glad the dev did itThat's pretty much it, almost everything else is just straightforward.I surely recommend this to everyone, and if you are unsure about purchasing it or not, you can always try the demo that you can find on the Steam Store."
,Recommended,235800,16327500,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cinc,"A vast improvement compared to the first Audiosurf both visually and performance-wise.Being able to pick any song you like online and play it is just fantastic, and what's more you can challenge other players from your friends list.Also the impact Workshop skins/maps/modes have in the game is huge making it a must-buy for all you rhythm riding lovers out there !"
,Not Recommended,235800,26530008,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BrawnyBlaze,"I feel bad in a way for adding my review to the pit of Not Recommended reviews this game has been getting. Audiosurf 2 is a game I feel like should have potential as a sequel to the excellent Audiosurf, but in many ways this game feels lacking as a successor. In this review, I will be listing what I like about the game and what I wish could be different.What I do like about Audiosurf 2 is that it's the barebones music-based procedural generation Audiosurf system bought into the present. Audiosurf has aged very well, but feels a little old in a few places. The higher framerate opts for a smoother experience and the themes look more appealing than they do in the first game. I also like how there are more options for music intergration such as Soundcloud and YouTube and Steam Workshop support for modes and skins. Both Audiosurf and Audiosurf 2 offer the same basic experience across the two titles. Unfortunately, that is where my positives for Audiosurf 2 end.There were a major number of issues plauging Audiosurf 2 all this time that I did not realise until I played the first Audiosurf. Firstly, the note detection feels much more off in this game. Maybe it has to do with the fact that the notes were easier to collect in Audiosurf, but at times I feel like I should be hitting the notes but not even the slightest touch counts as note detection like it did in the first game. This leads to a more annoying experience as you are constantly missing notes that generally you should be hitting.Normally I would not be complaining about the music integration as both Soundcloud and browsing local files have worked fine in this game. However, it was a mistake to replace the Soundcloud support with YouTube. The fact that the video does not even load before the song begins as well as the video being in the bottom right corner of the screen proves to be both an inconvenience when starting the song and a distraction as you are trying to get points. The presentation also feels worse too. Audiosurf 2 feels lifeless on the menu as no music plays as well as the layout of it looking worse. Audiosurf may be older, but at least I look forward to booting up that game every time I play it.The classic modes have also been done terribly in comparison to the first Audiosurf. Rather than mono mode having grey notes that stayed in your grid and you could either avoid them for extra points or take advantage of the fact you could rack up higher matches, they have been replaced with spikes. The spikes feel like they are clumped in certain areas of the song rather than being laid out. They have also changed the way various puzzle modes such as Pusher, Double Vision and Pointer work. Rather than having specified colours for certain parts of the song depending on whether the song is slow or fast, the colours have been spewed all over the track which looks not only ugly, but looks and feels inconsistent. While Audiosurf also had a range of modes for various difficulty levels, however the options here feel more limited.The game also seems to not play as well here compared to the first game. Audiosurf had a deeper scoring system including medals depending on how many points you got on a song, a multiplier based on the number of notes you hit in a row without hitting any grey notes, various bonuses such as clean finish, getting a certain number of matches and only collecting 95% of either the red or yellow notes if you were playing a puzzle mode. Audiosurf 2 only has your score and a stealth bonus making it a shallow system. Not only that but overfilling seems to be gone from the game meaning it isn't as punishing for players to be constantly touching spikes. Ironmode appears to be completely absent too which is a shame because it was a great challenging mode that tested your skill and was punishing for failure, yet rewarding for good performance.All of these missing features and significant changes to the gameplay create Audiosurf 2, a more bland, less deep and far less addictive successor to Audiosurf. In over a year of owning Audiosurf 2, I have put barely eight hours into the game and I do not plan on returning to it any time soon. In comparison, I have owned Audiosurf for just over three weeks and have already put over twenty hours into it. Audiosurf 2 gives me absolutely no motivation to keep playing the next day meaning I have sunk less time into it across a much longer period of time. If you would like to play a music-based procedural generation game that in my opinion is amazing due to its high levels of fun, longetivity due to the deeper scoring system and more then please go and buy the first Audiosurf.http://store.steampowered.com/app/12900/Audiosurf is honestly worth more of your time and money than Audiosurf 2. It may be older and have less options for skins and music integration, but it is cheaper and a far superior product."
,Recommended,235800,21327556,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Roopoo,"One of my All-Time favourites.Updated: Soundcloud access is no longer available due to a few legal issues I believe - However, Youtube searching and song videos ARE, as well as song favouriting and a few other menu options that make life easier!+ I absolutely recommend this game if you enjoyed the original Audiosurf, I certainly did, and am thrilled with how Audiosurf 2 has been presented.+ There have been a few removals, and additions, as always with second generations of games, though I do not believe it hinders play at all. These lie within track modes, point collecting and the new scoring board.+ The menus as before can be tedious to navigate, and manually searching a song can prove irritating with the no backspace. HOWEVER. Still an amazing game.-/+ Soundcloud is featured, alowing you access music to play from there, or tunes that you have located on your HD.Spotify would be a much better option, but understandably, it is a music subscription service, and certain legal terms can currently not be met. Here's some wishful thinking for the future.-/+ Incredibly refreshing graphics, far more vibrant and punchy, with the ability to mod tracks and test the creativity of users;I shall put forward a strong warning to those who suffer with epilepsy!+ A game that can be enjoyed by both casual and hardcore players, while chilling to your favourite music.Brilliant."
,Not Recommended,235800,10272920,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Oatmeal,"I can't really recommend this, it's a worse version of the first game at the moment. Wait for release."
,Not Recommended,235800,22623501,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Senppuu,"The concept of the game is great, but the gameplay is awful.I used to play Audiosurf and it was pretty much ok, the UI was horrendous but the game was smooth when the music started to run. That's the word, Audiosurf 2 just isn't smooth enough, you don't get in sync with the music because something is wrong. The obstacles should ""tilt"" the music when you hit them, the way it is now you never know if you have hit something or not. The track feels weird, sometimes you start to go uphill and you can't even see what's ahead (a disaster for ninja mode). Unfortunately I couldn't bear to play this game for more than a few minutes to find out exactly where it went wrong, I just went back to the original Audiosurf. The goal with these kind of games is to relax, Audiosurf 2 does the opposite of that. It feels like the game is still in beta.There's lots of room for improvement here, I'll give it another try after a few months. I hope it gets updated, I really want to enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,235800,16149247,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Stalker Hyena,"Tracks bob up and down so much you can't see what's ahead.No AA, leading to further visibility issues.Visual clutter, compounds with the above two points.No working framerate cap so my computer runs hot trying to give me those sweet 300 fps EVEN WHILE TABBED OUT.Terrible interface to browse songs.Old game modes are missing (difficulty levels) or needlessy changed (ninja).None of these things should even be issues.This is a released game.Somehow, after a lengthy early access period full of positive reviews the game was released as a mess that is barely playable for a fan of the first game.Yeah I'll be going for a refund on this."
,Not Recommended,235800,18798242,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,friendly fascist,"The combination of completely unpredictable dead ends, the removal of color chain bonuses, the removal of any real penalty for hitting spikes in mono, the very poor feedback of whether or not you're actually in line to hit something, and the ridiculously loud visual effects that make being able to identify how many blocks are in your grid in any situation other than the absolute slowest rides impossible to do at a glance, have resulted in a very disappointing sequel to one of the best games ever made.Audiosurf 1 is vastly better than this, go buy that instead."
,Recommended,235800,32874421,Posted: 27 June,all,-_Gingerbread_-,This game certainly has its ups and downs. First of all the main mode (namely mono) plays and feels completely different from the original. It does take a while to get used to if you spent a lot of time playing Mono in Audisurf and even more time to master it but don't give up. There are several guides and videos circleing online to aid you. Once you get the hang of it and you don't mind the RNG heavy gameplay you'll have a great time.On the negative side: the game is pretty much dead since the developer is investing most of his time perfecting his other game. Many favoured features have been removed or replaced completely and bugs that renders some skins unplayable hasn't been dealt with for a very long time. However the community is keeping Audiosurf 2 alive. New skins and game modes are being published on a daily basis leaving gamers with plenty to choose from.All in all it's the perfect way to escape reality and to unwind after a long day. What's there not to like? :)
,Recommended,235800,30131045,Posted: 23 February,all,DakuShinobi,"I'll make it quick, even though this game isn't popular anymore, its still a lot of fun and they've added tons to it since I played last. It lets you experience your music in new and interesting ways and since I LOVE music, I find that greatly appealing. Sucks the second one wasn't very popular."
,Recommended,235800,16679450,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,vira,"This game is probably the best game I have ever played. I've said this alot but, this being my first game that is oriented about riding the waves of your music, it is amazing. I listen to music non-stop so this game is perfect. Idk what else to say but 10/10."
,Recommended,235800,27899533,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cilfaen,"Excellent game. Fantastic for relaxing and giving your hands something to do whilst listening to music. The customisation available through the workshop is fantastic.If you expect regular updates and/or communication with the developer however, look somewhere else."
,Recommended,235800,13700490,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,*distant screeching*,"I hate to say it but, this one is better than the first.Everything about it, I love. It's now one of my favorite games to play my music on. If I had to rate it, it would be 10/10Its totally worth your money."
,Recommended,235800,33788723,Posted: 25 July,all,Syntax Error,"The follow-up to the original Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 pretty much does everything right.Audiosurf has a pretty simple concept: use your favorite tunes to generate a track and bumps and dives along to the music and ride it as you collect colored blocks to fill a grid and earn points.  It's simple enough that anyone who played the original might wonder what makes AS2 different and, in many ways, it's not different so much as improved.  New graphics, the ability to stream music direct from YouTube, some new game modes including puzzles & wakeboarding and easy mod/skin support.  The track generation seems better than before and its integration with the placement of the blocks and obstacles was subtle enough that I originally was going to criticize its lack but, after a few hours, realized just how tightly intertwined they were.  Blocks appear to the music while crystal barriers pulse like equalizers and form walls during long notes or extended vocals.The improved graphics are great.  My favorite by far is the ""Stadium"" mode where mercury-like globlets pulse and bounce to the music but there is also a bright pastel ""Mystic"" mode, 80s inspired neon and a ""Dusk"" mode that feels like Atari's old ""Night Driver"" game on acid.  If those aren't enough, player-created skins abound adding starscapes, snow and more to the scenery.Audiosurf is a rather *ahem* one-note game so it's likely not something you'll be playing for hours at a stretch.  But for short periods its captivating and a strong game for short periods.  If you enjoyed the original or if the idea of racing along to your music sounds good, Audiosurf 2 is going to please."
,Recommended,235800,15413763,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kaon,"It's Audiosurf. With mods.*shutupandtakemymoney.gif*In all seriousness though, while I'm probably not qualified to comment on the official modes (I play my own mod almost exclusively), the outstanding mod support alone is enough for me to give it my highest recommendation.With enough dedication, you can bend the game to your will and craft a game mode that's catered specifically to your own playstyle. Simply visit the workshop page to see the kinds of mods and skins that people have been able to create with even in this pre-release stage.The game has some rough edges at the moment. The UI needs polish (getting addressed in an upcoming update), there are some conflicting opinions on certain gameplay tweaks from v1, and I've encountered a few bugs and visual glitches here and there. Nothing so far has been nearly enough to curb my overwhelming enthusiasm for the game though.I also just found out that as of now I've put in more time in v2 than v1, with 300+ hours and counting.For $15, this game has provided me with limitless entertainment.Why not find out if it could do the same for you? =D"
,Recommended,235800,10258201,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Freelance Autist,It's pretty good.If you have bad taste.
,Recommended,235800,16072890,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,only horrible people unfriend me,"omg you have no idea how awesome it is, as a musician, to see my music turn into life. this game makes my music sound better and has given me a way to actually see how good my music looks :Pthe electronic music pieces i've made are being analysed and the game makes my music dance as if it is alive. so amazing! and i'm so glad it actually allows me to sign in soundcloud and play my music right off the internet :P thanks so much for this game!"
,Recommended,235800,20621584,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝Minariii⎠⎞,"This game is for when you like a song so much, listening to it aint enough. So you buy this game and play the song in full visual effects"
76561197996659353,Not Recommended,235800,11587845,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Snake,"Original Audiosurf was one of my favorite games, spent there many hours playing and dethroning, but this so far early access Audiosurf 2 is dissapointing. I don't mention that it's not optimized and very unstable. The mechanics changed and i don't like the way it did. Tracks have more blocks and spikes - and to beat them you don't have to think - you have to be a chineese robot with inhuman reaction. At least there is no stealth bonus in mono, couse not to hit a spike (grey) is an problem now. Second, i don't like different scoreboards for each mode (character). Hey, where is the challenge? AS1 provoke player to master different characters for the song if you want to beat the top score. I think that it's just not right. It has to be - one song - one throne. Not a mod based principles.For now i just stick to AS1, and watch for the AS2 being updated, but for now i don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,235800,10439263,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Xy,"Coming close to playing 100 hours on the first Audiosurf, I was pleasantly surprised that there was a sequel, and bought it, looking forward to what the game was like. This was DESPITE the polarizing comments about the status of the game and it's unpolished status. I wanted to give it a chance and see for myself, what potential, if any, this game has. Like many others, I'm among the ones who cannot bring themselves to recommend this game in its present status. There are my opinions:THE PROS:* GRAPHICS: The game looks gorgeous, with its smooth coloring and shading, and the Steam Workshop promises to produce some really good fan-made skins to make the experience completely customized. If you don't like Stadium or any of the skins built in because you want something more minimalist, you can choose the classic skin, or one of the fanmade ones. There's something there for everyone.* SCOREBOARDS: The modes now have their individual scoreboards instead of all of them being intermingled. This certainly makes it easier to see where your score stands among the multitude instead of having to hunt for it among the throng.* IN-GAME SCOREBOARD: If you go back to play a song again, there's a little box in the upper right hand corner that shows what you scored the last time at that point in the song. I personally love this feature because it lets you challenge yourself.THE CONS:* UI: The only good thing going for A2 right now is it's sleek and minimal interface, but a lot of things are missing, such as a reliable menu to customize the volume, the sound effects, and colors all in one menu. In the first Audiosurf you could even change the colors of the individual blocks. This is something I personally miss.* SLOW SONG RELOAD: When you want to play a song again, the reload time is longer than necessary.* LACK OF INTRO ROAD MAPS AND SONG DETAIL: When you choose a song, you no longer get an overview of the map or a detail as to the blocks per minute before you start the song. This was what let you know of the difficulty of the song before hand and was a great detail if you wanted to know what songs were difficult. Right now, you can only see the current scoreboard for that song.I think it would be great if they put the scoreboard together with the old road-map.* LACK OF DIFFICULTY AND IRON MODES: The fact that there were Casual - Easy, Medium - Pro, and Difficult - Elite modes was a way to separate the strong from the weak, and what made the game fun to get into. If you were a beginner, you stuck to the Casual; if you wanted more of a challenge, you tried Pro but stuck to the side lane when you found our you weren't ready; if you wanted to be one of the cool kids you chose the Elite characters and just clicked Iron Mode, which turned any downhill song over 200 bpm into a headache. With each mode just being a single mode, it no longer feels as if you're shooting for something when you start at Casual, because there are no individual tiers. If you're someone who's used to playing Elite, the songs you're used to playing are no longer challenging. There are songs on which I do dismal on in the first Audiosurf, that here I can get among the top scores. That doesn't feel right.* LACK OF OLD MODES: So far, this incarnation of the game is heavily Mono and Wakeboard-biased, so much so that the built in skins are made for it. This is great if you're a Mono-fan, but for those---like myself---that have spent 99% of our time playing the puzzle modes in Audiosurf, this game has lost nearly all of its appeal. Eraser, Pointman, and Vegas, are gone (though you may find someone working on a mod in the Workshop), and Pusher is but a mere shadow of its former self, reduced to only 3 different colored blocks instead of 6, with an embarrasingly easy difficulty level. In addition, because of the new Engine and Interface, you can no longer see your points for individual colors.It seems as if they tried to compensate for all of this with the Dethrones Update, where they introduced three new modes called ""Audiosprint"" (a two-player mode where you have to jump and duck blocks), ""Audioshmup"", (a mode where you just have to dodge anything that moves), and Audiosphere, (which seems to be Audiosurf 2's answer to Hexagon, just set to your own music). These are lackluster modes, that are aimed strictly towards Mono players because all you have to do is dodge things, just as in Mono. The different colors are gone, and so is the challenge.Part of what made Audiosurf so great was when you graduated from Mono into the puzzle characters. The game went from fun, to frustratingly, yet lovingly difficult because you went from just doging things, to playing on characters that each had their own quirks and strategies to learn. If Mono bored you, you tried Pusher, if you were tired of that one, you tried Eraser and so on. This made it so each time you switched was like learning to play the game all over again, giving it extreme replay value._______________________CONCLUSION:This game has a lot of potential to be greater than its predecessor, but right now, it doesn't compare. You may enjoy it if you're a Mono player, but if you're an Eraser, Pusher, or Pointman player, this game won't offer you much. Perhaps if someone in the workshop is able to work out a mod for them, or if the developers bring them back, this game may have a bright future. In the meantime, until a worthy update is released, stick to the original."
76561198140771231,Recommended,235800,32455499,Posted: 15 June,all,atrupb,Goes on surprisingly well with payday music.
,Recommended,235800,12746995,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dQremy,"I'd say this is a pretty good upgrade from the first Audiosurf. Better graphics, more gameplay modes, mod support, etc.The menus, though, are absolutely horrendous, which I find a massive turn-off. Hopefully they will be fixed in the future.I wouldn't say that this is a ""must-have"" game at the moment -- but if you've got 15 bucks, this is something to consider."
,Recommended,235800,14733530,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,MsDarkLow,"First of all this is like the very best one of my favorite Rhythm games.Follow your music, follow your ride.Ride your music.Just like you read the game's title. You take your Audio(Music) and you Surf(or ride it!)This is incredibly nice to play when you just simply don't have anything to do and listen to music.Choose one music from your computer and ride/surf it and follow the speed according to the intensity of the music!With this new Audiosurf comparing to the first one brings a really nice feature, which is theSteam Workshop!Create or Subscribe Skins and Modes made by the community to make your game fancier and meaby... funnier?Well, there are certainly some you will meaby like, there is always good ones and bad ones.But some of the Modes/Skins of these workshop items bring slow loadings, but that's alright. The game is still in developmentIT'S TAKING FOREVER TO DO ALL THE TOUCHES THOUGH.Anyways, while in this game is still in Early Access/Beta there are still... bad stuff about it.♦ The menu design is still bad, but not the worse♦ The options menu doesn't bring much, you can't control the music/song volume♦ You are not able to change your settings in the middle of the music, it takes you back to the main menu♦ Slow loading times, this also depends what music/song and skin you choose, hopefully they greatly improve this in the future.But one of the many things why I like this so much is.♦ Appreciate the beautiful colors while playing. (Depends of which skin obviously)♦ Get fun with ridiculous modes from workshop (Some which give some sort of insane speed boost)♦ A ""Live"" Scoreboard♦ The Loopings and the Corkscrews loops!That's pretty much it I have to say.I highly recommend this game if you like a lot of music and colors and you don't have anything else to do. (Just like I said above)"
,Recommended,235800,23910009,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,Love this game!! You can race to the beat of your own song!!
76561198256969546,Not Recommended,235800,25732841,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,metaflower,"after about a week of play time, the game stopped working. I now cannot play any song nor get a refund."
,Recommended,235800,16019373,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SCOTTISH™,So I have played this game since Early Access.Would Reccomend. It went from a shambles to a perfectly polished and fully functioning beautiful game.Go for it mates. Its like the 1st game... but nicer.
,Not Recommended,235800,24626955,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,CausticNinja,I honestly think the original Audiosurf is better. This one tried to be something it was not and failed
76561197996601704,Not Recommended,235800,14443430,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nullimus,"Greets! Surfers of the world!This is my first review so go easy.I have always been a mono player and I love that mode because you can really just unplug a bit and surf the song of your choice. With Audiosurf 2. You can't simply cruise through a song and have a good time. The blocks come faster and so close together that catching 80% of the blocks on a moderately difficult song is nearly impossible.I want the Audiosurf track algorithm back. It was perfectly balanced and the tweaks that have been made in Audiosurf 2 break the game.I regret purchasing this game. It has the feel of an Audiosurf knock off, not a sequel. The very component that made Audiosurf so much fun (the track algorithm) is the thing they have changed the most. If it aint broke don't fix it.On the other hand, I really like the performance chages that have come in. Performance wise it is far superior to Audiosurf.I like that the game is moddable. This gives players the ability to really trick out their experience.Overall, I srongly recommend that you buy the original and forget about this one. It is all flash and no substance."
,Recommended,235800,16108384,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Person,"I got Audiosurf 2 before full game realese and it was ok. But when the full version came out recently, it rocked. I was able to search soundcloud, and do a bunch of other stuff in it. Anyone who buys this game will have a feeling of adrenaline  running through their mind while playing it and going through loops and corkscrews. And with selecting skins, it makes the game even better to see what people have created. There's been a huge change in Audiosurf and I can't wait to see whats next.""The best game of 2015"" - Bendertheherp (steam member)"
,Recommended,235800,23811725,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,creepybookshelf,"Played 2 hours worth of my iTunes library on this game before I realized it's more than just riding the soundwaves of your favorite songs, but it's also an arcade style strategy-puzzle game with an extensive global leaderboard.And I suck at it.But I did very much enjoy my first 2 hours of innocence before feeling like an absolute loser. 10/10 would cry again.All in all, really cool game, would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,235800,10739929,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stardust Breaker,"Probably the best play-to-your-music game out there. There are many features and variants of play (even in early access!) already and has the most interesting art-style (in my opinion) of the genre so far.The game has two main, basic gamemodes: Wakeboarding, and Mono. The rest are variants of these. Mono and variants were available in Audiosurf 1 already, but Wakeboarding is new and exclusive to the second game.Mono is the mode where you dodge ""music level bars"", and try to hit colored orbs with a flying ship to get points. There is also an overlay below where you try to fill it up all the way to get bonus points. Wakeboarding is where you are, well, wakeboarding on the track and you try to fill up the overlay like in Mono. However, on the ""climax"" of intense areas of the song (like bass drops in Dubstep), you are able to do tricks that give you a lot of points, and you get a higher multiplier depending on how filled up the overlay is.Obviously, like any game in this genre, the game uses your own music to generate the track. Whenever the track is intense/the loudest, the color turns more red and goes on more of a downhill slope, and when it is the least intense/the quietest, the colors turn more blue and go on an upward slope. Also, the game supports almost all music file types, like MP3, FLAC, MP4, WAV, and more! It even supports Soundcloud! (finally!)My favorite new features of this game are the improved leaderboard and the friend challenge/dethrone system. Finally, you can see how well you are doing while playing compared to the top and bottom people on the leaderboard! And, you can now challenge friends to beat your score on a song you just played (although the song must be on either Soundcloud, or you both have the same song)! Also, if you get top score on a leaderboard and someone beats it, the game tells you that you were ""dethroned"" on that specific song. This is useful if you like to compete for high scores!Not too many problems I have with the game, but there are some very minor bugs (as it being an early access title), like rarely it won't register when you hit a cube, but these barely happen and are very unnoticeable.I think this game has great potential, and it already is worth a buy if you love music! 9.6/10"
,Recommended,235800,22731517,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Nedox,"This game is better. It does everything that the original Audiosurf did, but better. Better graphics, more customizability, more more more. Only downside is that sometimes it can confusing to find the mode you're looking for."
,Recommended,235800,22842020,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Chdata,"A great upgrade to Audiosurf with the improved controls, Soundcloud, and world ranking systems.The Soundcloud part needs work but it's a good start."
76561198119016253,Not Recommended,235800,26171555,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Teh best Kassim is dis kassim,"I would have recommended this if they didn't change the music format. I had a lot of favorite songs on SoundCloud that I played frequently. I just got on after a haitus because my PS4 controller wouldnt work, and I jumped in and noted it said Youtube. I thought AS 2 just added another platform along side SoundCloud. When I went to play then song of the day I was extremely confused when it said at the bottom 'press video to begin' or something along those lines.In all, I do not enjoy this game anymore. Now it's a waste of money to me."
,Recommended,235800,14727560,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SteelHound,"Seriously one of the best mindless games I have ever played... I have (way) too many hours on the original, and then when I  found out there was a SECOND one, holy moly... absolutely stunning visuals, it's literally eye candy, and you can NEVER go wrong with playing to the music that YOU choose! 10/10 hands down!"
,Recommended,235800,12157489,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Moonie,"Honestly an amazing game, great for those people that want to watch a bunch of bars and waves or play a really hyped up or calming game powered by your music!The recent updates have brought my attention to the point that I might play this more often than usual.(This review will update overtime as the more updates come out~)"
,Recommended,235800,12330453,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Virus,"I am so shocked over how much better this game is then the first audiosurf, its a completly new way to have fun with your favorite music from your computer or random songs from soundcloud, it's freaking awesome! i recommend this to everyone who is considering buying this and this is just early access game, i play this very often and its still fun because this is a never ending game and gets more and more fun to play once you know how it works!"
76561198121567666,Not Recommended,235800,33657248,Posted: 19 July,all,Roboducc,"Audiosurf 2 just feels like the original Audiosurf with slightly better graphics, aka It felt like a crappy update you have to pay way too much for.The loading times are the thing that really bugs me. For example, retrying a level/song will take about 10-15 seconds before you can replay, and, sure, that doesn't sound like a lot but It's slow compared to the original Audiosurf game where the loading was pretty much only for the songs and not for every single thing you do. Although the workshop and playing songs from youtube Is two cool features, It does not make the gameplay any better, and sometimes the new skin you downloaded from the workshop could be fun to play with for 5 minutes before the game goes back to being bland.And the ''online  games'' you play are just confusing.Other than that It's a good game but I would rather recommend the first Audiosurf."
,Not Recommended,235800,19860413,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"For some reason this game just feels blindingly fast compared to the first game. Sure, it looks better, but it just feels bad to play. If you've never played Audiosurf, get the first game instead. It's considered a classic rhythm game for a reason."
,Recommended,235800,16522423,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Erichtaker,Best way to play through new albums.
,Recommended,235800,10561761,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Epikas Jones,"Successor to the first Audiosurf which was an amazing rhythm game that used your own music(and still does, plus YouTube stream support). Audiosurf 2 adds to the original in every way, the game currently has very high modability in both terms of gameplay and looks (skins), if you wanted a game that perfectly visualizes the feel of your music, and allows you to make your own surreal experience then Audiosurf 2 is for you.As one of the games oldest skinners I can tell you it has brought me many, many hours of joy in that being able to bring a new surreal experience to the table for my self and my fans and has allowed me to pursue my dream of being a graphics artist for games which will eventually be my career.There may be some negative reviews out there but form what I can tell they bash the entire game for a few, very minor bugs or features that ""they personally"" want. Most of which can hardly be considered a worthy review if you're someone that is having a hard time still deciding after reading positive reviews like mine and their so called 'bad ones' take it from an Audiosurf veteran that, this is indeed a good choice and I would highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,235800,28656187,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jeffery,"Man, this is the game i like to play to relax my mind right before bed, it's so easy to start up and to get into, and a song only takes on average 3 minutes so you're not tied down for too long, although you could definitely lose a lot of hours to this game. You can pick any song you want to play via streaming from youtube (or songs you have downloaded on your PC) which in my opinion makes it probably one of the best rhythm games compared to osu, guitar hero, rockband etc. The customization options are limitless you can change the stadium and the mode you play with to fit your playstyle. The only thing i really dislike about this game is the main menu UI, it's really cheap looking and cheap feeling, and some of the navigation is a little weird, other than that this game is solid and i think you should buy this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,235800,30418727,Posted: 9 March,all,bxtros,"In my opinion, a bit ♥♥♥♥♥ier than the original. The modularity of Steam Workshop is nice, but the new system feels less fluid than the old one."
,Recommended,235800,15229282,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zephos,"It's got a few kinks to work out--especially UI (which according to the news, will be fixed, very soon and I'm excited for that), but otherwise it's all the good fun of the first game with a bit more graphical finesse, steam workshop functions, and a bunch of silly modes not limited to the ol' favorite classic mono.  If one has to pick between this and the original, for five dollars more I'd say, why not?"
,Not Recommended,235800,21375369,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[GoF] Elric,"This is like a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of Audiosurf 1, I played Audiosurf 1 over a hundred hours and now that I finally bought the second part of it I am nothing but disappointed. Meh. I wanted something that differs a bit from Audiosurf 1 and I got this. Gonna play Drive Any Track instead."
,Not Recommended,235800,16569677,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sk8ing Unicorn [PhallusPsychik],"As a big fan of the first Audiosurf, I've been disappointed by Audiosurf 2, like a lot of people in my case.I've had it for quite a while now (almost since it came out on Early Access), hoping it would improve, but I lost faith in Dylan (its developer). It now even left Early Access even though some parts are not finished, or at least don't look like they are. Stuff like the song ending screen which is just text, with no explanations (if you didn't play Audiosurf you have no idea what the bonuses mean), no images, just bland lame text, you feel like you've accomplished nothing, you just see some plain score written there, not even standing out.It looks good on paper, better than the original Audiosurf. But it's not.It has some cool things like the modding support, which allows for a lot of variety in both gameplay and visuals. But it's the only thing it got. Oh and being able to play songs from Soundcloud, even though that's not such a big deal for me.For me, it just isn't as fun as Audiosurf. It may be a bit fancier, but it didn't improve on anything else and doesn't even manage to keep the core of the game polished. Gameplay feels less responsive and less intuitive, there are less difficulties (even though I always play as elite so I don't care that much), the interface is far from being polished (not even finished to me) and can be kinda confusing, it lacks some information, the looks actually don't improve on anything except being fancier (I even think it makes playing more cumbersome by wanting to do too much)...It just needs a lot of improvement still.The only problem is that the dev (Dylan) doesn't seem to be willing to put that much effort in it. Now that the game is out of Early Access, I'm treating it as a finished game and a sign that he really isn't going to improve much more. So my final words are thatthis game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequelthat hasn't been worked on enough.My advice: get Audiosurf, it'll be cheaper and will be a better overall experience. You'll get what you want: a very good music game."
,Recommended,235800,20476323,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,shevijs <3 S1mbaa,"I am big fan of Audiosurf way before joined Steam. Its been 20 hours into Audiosurf 2 and it totally rocks.First of all, visuals and game feel seems amazing. Without any problems pllaying this game with old potato. Many updates and new features. Really cool songs of the day within different genres, search tool, few random songs from your library option and SoundCloud streaming is awesome. Somehow music browsing through huge libraries isnt as smooth as you wish, therefor there is windows explorer as a backu-up option. Some kind of advanced music browsing would be nice - albums, playlists, non-stop ride-through and stuff... Maybe something like Last.fm plug-in is missing too, but in Steam guides you can easly find manual solution. Up to 4 players local multiplayer mod is great additional aswell. And Steam workshop for mods and skins is just brilliant.Some updates here and there, but this game is so cool. Great time killer, perfect for relaxing and chill. Leaderboards and some hard ones achievements for dedication.11/10"
,Not Recommended,235800,16032566,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Malsey,"Audiosurf 2 I think lost a lot of what I liked about the first game.  While the upgraded graphics and workshop support both add to the game, they don't quite make up for the thing I think were lost.  This game doesn't feel nearly as responsive or precise as the last game.  It felt like this time around, graphics were everything, which I don't think should ever be the case, it kind of felt like more and more things kept getting added on, and eventually there was too much and it just kind of looked like a mess, though I can't say only that, since you could just as easily find a darker, simpler, skin.  This game was a lot more animated than the first one, which I feel only made it lose more of the charm the original had.  Also I like the smaller vehicle..."
,Recommended,235800,17021163,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Care,"Fun and visually stimulating. Never had I played a game where I would miss objectives just becuase everything looked so cool. It's insanely fun to play all my favorite albums. Not just listen to It, but actually ride the chords. The first time you play, you will be instantly hooked.I recommend this game to anyone who loves music and needs a game to kill some time."
,Not Recommended,235800,7759204,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Wolf Revo,"Note: these are my first impressions. Depending on how the game changes between now and launch, my final review could be different.Audiosurf is literally one of my favorite games, so I jumped on the Audiosurf 2 Early Access as soon as it came out. For those of you unfamiliar with Audiosurf, it takes any song you have on your hard drive and creates a course out of it. Whenever the music is fast and exciting, the course is fast and exciting. You get points by gathering blocks as you go down the course.The main idea behind Audiosurf 2 is to support mods, namely custom modes and visual themes. This is a really cool idea, but I'm not sure it will scale well in an Audiosurf game. My main concern is this: in the original game you choose a character who has a certain special ability. At the end of the song, your score is compared to all of the other scores in the level you chose (so if you chose a Casual character, you would be compared to all of the Casual scores, etc.) In Audiosurf 2 it looks like the scores are only compared within the mode that you choose. What if I find an unofficial mode that somebody made that I really like, but nobody else plays it because it's not built in? On the other hand there is no way for all scores to be compared in any meaningful way because the developers can't guarantee that the scoring systems will be comparable.In the original game I started out playing Casual characters, and quickly found that Mono was the best. Eventually I worked up the courage to start playing Pro characters, and I did quite a bit of experimenting until I figured out how to play Eraser well. Unfortunately there is no Eraser mode in Audiosurf 2 (though I am sure it is only a matter of time before somebody makes a mod of it).Most of the official modes are variants of Wakeboard, which was teased in a couple of trailers a while back. Most of the points you get in Wakeboard modes comes from the jumps and tricks you do. The problem with this is that you have to wait until the song is about to get fast (which happens maybe three times in a song), jump, and push a few buttons to do some tricks. It doesn't feel like it requires much skill on the part of the player, so I've been avoiding the wakeboard modes as much as possible.There are a couple of modes that are more similar to the ones in the original game. I felt more at home, but again my favorite character isn't there.Audiosprint is a good example of what is possible with community-created modes. It's designed to be a party game where you take turns playing. It's pretty simple: either jump over or slide under the obstacles as you pass them. The runner emits this horrible scream every time she hits an obstacle, which is really distracting and will probably make you hit more obstacles. It's pretty hilarious in a group setting, but utterly obnoxious when you are playing by yourself.And then someone made Triple Vision. My roommate and I played a game of it, but I think it would work best with three people. It also would have helped if we had communicated more on what colors we should go for, because we filled it up quite often and lost a lot of points that way.At this point Audiosurf 2 is not worth getting. Audiosurf still has lots of people playing it, and you'll be able to compare scores with all of them. If you don't have Audiosurf yet I would highly recommend it; as I said, it is one of my favorite games, and my go-to game if I have a few minutes to chill."
76561198032945386,Not Recommended,235800,26627859,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Firesyde,"Perfect example of a feature not being tested by it's user base.Seems to be completely broken to the point of unplayable. What a shame, I backed this game during early access days.Great game if streaming works, but at the moment a blubbering mess."
76561198144152411,Recommended,235800,16211754,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mackie,Very fun and worth it! :3
,Recommended,235800,16107293,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Slim Jimmin',"Trip balls like you're on acid, but legally."
,Not Recommended,235800,25951837,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,loganjamesalex,"Does anyone actually like this game more than the original? because I sure don't. whenever I play this game i inevitably open audiosurf 1 after a couple songs and play it twice as long. I never play more than a song or two but I have over 20 hours on the original compared to less than 2 on this. if this was the only game I would probably recommend it, but in light of the original being such a superior product I have to give a thumbs down"
,Recommended,235800,7759909,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BlackTiger0091,It is actually a very good rhythm game. I recommend it.
,Not Recommended,235800,10266423,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sid,Unpolished Unity Engine game. Do not buy. Play the original instead
,Not Recommended,235800,8525386,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Luke FlySwatter,"I prefer Audiosurf 1, 2 seems confusing, the wakeboard hardly works right for me and the visuals are laggy, I think Audiosurf 1 is better"
,Recommended,235800,16433113,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Xial,"The original Audiosurf was my first acquisition on Steam years ago.Playing AS2 is like coming home, and finding out that someone brought you housewarming gifts, presents, and all sorts of fun things. It feels rather nice to play a music game that's not immensely competitive, not filled with seizure-strobes, and has options that make everything that much more fun. It's relaxing, but when you need to turn up the action, there are so many modes and mods for the game that're out there, that it's a new experience each time.I love this game, and I hope you will, too."
,Recommended,235800,10288458,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Brownninja97,"Audiosurf 2 is a great upgrade from the previous game, mod support is massive and the textures omg those are just amazing and of course the community helps a lot with this. There are a lot better animations and with the recent patch everything is a lot faster than before . Remember this is in early access at the moment so there could be glitches, as for me the biggest problem would be clipping, there are large structures around the tracks and rarely the building clips the track making it hard to see where you are going for about 0.5seconds, not a lot of time but if you are going fast it can be a problem.Benchmarks- well performance test(this game works at a lot of resolutions even multiple screen setups but ive only tested 1050p,1080p and 1440p)Ive done all testing via the stadium texturepack with fraps and with the song ""scarlet dawn"" by varien so its about 3minutes decent for getting an average.specs: i3 2120, radeon 7870 XT, 8gb g skill ares, go faster strips on case1680-1050max= 582Min= 392Average= 5211920-1080max= 510min=132average= 3972560-1440max=138min=70average= 98Well thats that, its a great game but the updates dont come very quickly, there was an updat eon may 27th but the update before that was in 2013 so if you see bugs then there may be a gap before that glitch is gone. Anyways i recommend it you listen any music you want to and its in sync pretty much"
,Recommended,235800,16773608,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr.Drainy,"As it stands ""Audiosurf 2"" is my favorite music game of all time. I hate how people are saying this game is ""limited"" it's not at all , there's plenty of game modes and skins to mix and make a different experience. Why do you like it ? I like it because the beatmap it generates is as close to the song as it gets to music generating games based off your own music. Its got all the classic game modes but alot more (also community made ones) but my favorite by far is ""Ninja"" it's the best game mode if you wanna improve your ""Audiosurf"" skills (but what about the community made modes like ""Mono Turbo ++"") no official game modes only for me because that's where everyones at , don't get me wrong I love the other community made game modes but I wanna verse people not be alone on a score board.The Graphics are alot flashier depending on what skin you use (My fav is the ""Simple Colors"" skin by far the best community made skin at the moment). Let's talk about the ""Menu"" people say its not clean *facepalm* what do you want  , it does what it needs to do it looks completely fine , clean and works like a charm.*clears throat* Well we cant really talk about ""Sound"" can we because it depends what music you listen too , hold on a second the ""Sound Effects"" ah right well the sound effects seem to be the same as the first ""Audiosurf - Chimes"" sfx. Unfortunately you can choose other sfx like the first one , you only get the option to turn it down and up (Ah well they annoyed me sometimes)Overall the ""Audiosurf"" experience is there just more open and I love it.9/10"
76561198081988108,Recommended,235800,10378330,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,larzus,"I am enjoying this game.Unlike most players, I have never played Audiosurf 1, so I came to the game with no expectations or preconceptions.  It's fun, my computer runs it quite well and it is cheap.  For less than the price of a combo meal at a popular family restaurant I have had hours of enjoyment.  Actually, I'd probably still recommend it at double the price.However, I had to work pretty hard at it to get to this.  This is an early release and of course it will be unpredictable and incomplete.  I'm fine with that.  In fact, it's interesting starting it up and seeing what has changed.  The problems I found getting up to speed was partly due to the fact that most forum hints assume a knowledge of AS1.  If there's a tutorial for AS2 - as some forum posts suggest - I haven't found it.   Collecting colours in mono, puzzle characters, a radio station?  If these are in AS2 then I've yet to find them.I find the tracks to be smooth and the ship is perfectly manoevrable.   I had no trouble finding my music on my computer in any file and it plays without problem.  I enjoy the leaderboards and the dethrone list is wonderful.  It's a real buzz to find that someone else out there has my obscure music when this happens.I did have lots of trouble finding other people's games.  At first I assumed my songs had not been played since nearly all of them gave 'No entry'.  But then I found some songs discussed in a forum thread and realised they were there - somewhere.  This has been my biggest problem and one which won't impact the knowlegeable but really needs fixing before the game is sold to a wider market.The internet only came to my home town 18 months ago and I have years of CDs.  WMP since several years back has read the tag of a CD and searched online for content detail.  Those of us with no internet connection had no choice but to rip as 'Unknown Artist' - 'Track 1' onwards, and manually transcribe the details from the CD cover.   I also had a whole heap of vinyls converted to CD back when this was the done thing.  Resulting in non-standard or nonexistent tags for thousands of songs.I can be somewhat OCD so I have spent the past several days learning all about Musicbrainz and running my music through it, only to discover that many Australian releases are not on there.  So I have learned tag name standards and become a contributor, and it takes me about fifteen-twenty minutes to prepare a 'new' album to play in Audiosurf 2 so it can be found and matched against other players.  This is not how it should be and someone who buys the game should not have to go to this much effort to make their music compatible so they can compete against the group. At least they ought to be aware that this is required before they purchase.  It's okay for beta, but not after that.  I think a tutorial on music tags might help - I didn't know they even existed and I won't be the only one.Having come this far, I am enjoying the game and beginning to try the different modes and test my skills against others.  It's a great way to relax.  I will probably now find the tutorial, radio etc.PROs: Attractive, undemanding, cheap, helpful forum moderators and developers, has good music :)CONs: Requires an understanding of the mechanics of the game to play in its present state, not much support for the total newbie"
76561198028490594,Recommended,235800,32955202,Posted: 28 June,all,Chunk Spadoodie,Why it's simple tovarish! You put music in game and you play game with music! Magic is practically happening before your eyes!
76561198053336869,Recommended,235800,32746797,Posted: 24 June,all,Leviathan,I only recommend one song and one song only.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKRUPYrAQoEVictory by Two Steps from HellEDITReally any TSFH song will do. :)
,Recommended,235800,22288871,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TheSpookyChicken,If you're deciding wether to get Audiosurf 1 or 2; get this one. It has pretty much all of Audiosurf 1 and more.
,Recommended,235800,12496045,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,PopTart,"Audiosurf is much more modern now. You can get mods and play songs from soundcloud, which is really cool. Those two features make buying the updated version worth it. If you haven't bought the first one, I highly recommend you get this game. It is a great way to have fun with your music  collection and discover more music."
,Recommended,235800,19138672,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,actuallynotslightly,great game!thousands of songs in a simple and addictive game :D
76561198032141646,Recommended,235800,20331800,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Syndrom69,"Audiosurf 2 had a bumpy start when it was initially released through early access, but with each patch and tweak the game rapidly improved. Now as a official release the game is a worthy successor to the original, and with workshop support it has way more potential.add your musics...play the AudioSurf musics of the day,relex and enjoy your own musics :Dim lovin the game with my own musicTranceTecknoHouseD&BDub StepJapaneseall tpe of songsand fo corse you ahev the songs of the day choose by the palyers...beat their scores in all kind of musici love AudioSurf and AudioSurf2 so hooooooooooyeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaa i recomend to all my friends :D"
,Recommended,235800,13811183,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vacationist,"You think your reaction is fast? Come and buy this. Remember to download ""Mono turbo"" from workshop"
,Recommended,235800,12422413,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,The menus are horrendous but it is superior to the first audiosurf.
,Recommended,235800,20830655,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,[MSG15 Elite] Elegy,"Honestly, what sets this game apart most is the community. The game is solid for competitive play, and is, of course an amazing way to visualize your music to add a new element of depth to any song you want, but there are other games that can do that as well. The developer is pretty cool and will check soundcloud for people recommending songs of the day, which is a neat way to interact with the players. The game is constantly being improved upon in the bleedingedge beta, which is another thing that sets this apart from games with a more stagnant community, such as Symphony. The algorithm for playing this game is really better at picking up electronic songs, but that's true for virtually every procedurally generated music game on Steam.The community, though. I've made more friends through this game than anything else I've played on Steam. The leaderboards comments is an interesting platform for communication because only the top players will be seen by everyone, since the song of the day is loaded to by default. It's an interesting way to get yourself seen, especially if you put enough practice into the game to consistently be on the top charts. Albums can have their own community, especially if the album is from someone or something that promotes such amongst its fans. For instance, the LISA soundtrack and the Undertale soundtrack are good instances of where you can find people that love music and love these other games as well, and serves as an interesting way to share interests.Soundcloud integration is also neat. Unlike other procedurally generated games, where you can easily spoof a top score by modifying a local file, having score graphs combined with a fixed source for audio makes competitive play actually viable. When someone does cheat, it makes it very obvious when they do, and the cheat reporting system in the beta can take care of them. There's also the whole aspect of overlap between Soundcloud community and Audiosurf 2 community, if you're not aware of 'Soundclown', it can be, well, interesting, and what makes it more interesting is the procedurally generated tracks for some of the mashups, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, collabs, soundclowns, and whatever else. You can recommend songs to your friends, which is an area where this game could use improvement since it uses the dethrone tab to handle recommendations as well.Recommendations:-Play the bleedingedge beta-Browse skins (the included ones are fine, but the most impressive ones are on the workshop imo, which is how it should be)-IF YOU'RE GOING TO PLAY MONO, READ A GUIDE OR ASK A TOP PLAYER! Mono is the primary competitive mode and it does not play like what you're probably accustomed to with rhythm games. There is strategy involved on top of dexterity and skill.-Make friends. This will help you find more music, on top of probably helping you improve your game. Sometimes there are songs you really want the top spot on and you can ask your friends to leave the top spot alone if you think they could take it. All sorts of benefits.Strong suits:-Community-Track generation-Playstyle (mono, mono turbo, specifically are my favorite)-Soundcloud integration-Anti-cheat-Active developerAreas for improvement:-Notification system is clunky. Dethrones, beats, recommendations are all in the same tab and otherwise rely on email to notify you. Make a throwaway e-mail if you plan on using one at all, it will fill up faster than you think.-Soundcloud log-in system isn't working. You can't log directly into Soundcloud, but you can still enjoy it by searching for what you want, though it'd be nice if this feature were working so you could access your playlists and such-Track generation. I know I listed this as a strong suit, but it could still use improvement. There's a thing that can happen, referred to in the game's code as ""troll powerblocks"" where a powerblock will spawn in without any notes in front of it, making it useless and forcing players to rely on storing blocks in their grid beforehand. Track generation works best for electronic stuff now. You'll see some songs people want to play but don't really work well on audiosurf 2's trackgen. If you played Guitar Hero 3, you'll remember Cliffs of Dover. All guitar song, right? Trackgen only captures the percussion portion. This is sadly the fate of many rock songs, you'll wind up playing the percussion line most of the time. Through the Fire and Flames? Classic for rhythm games due to its note spam? Doesn't translate well into AS2's trackgen. Still a top song, though.Rating compared to other rhythm games: 9.5/10Overall rating as a game: 8.5/10This is the most robust rhythm game available on Steam as it stands now, so if you're looking for a rhythm game this is it. I'd say it's worth the buy even when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,235800,12399975,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ǥσ†ђî¢ Ƿʉ℘℘℮ʈᏕ,"[Early Acces Review]You can ride your music. Says anough. Buy it. Dont hesitate.[New review]Well. There isn't much to say about the game beside's that it's better then the first Audiosurf, although that as also an amazing game.In my opinion i like Audiosurf 2 alot more then 1, Reasons for that is that there's ''alot more to do'' then in the first game.- Mods? Yes Please! probably one of the better things that has happened to the game, And let's people who play the game get more interactive with the game itself.-One thing i always ''struggled'' with in the first game was the camera angle, or the zoom of the camera in the first game. This one dosn't have that problem!-The graphics are better... Defenetly since the release of the DirectX11 it's a been a great improvement for this game.-The UI is also different, better in a way. I've been playing since really Early Acces, And i have to admit at first i had to get used to the new UI since it's got out of Early Acces. After a while i started liking it. But i'm still used to the old UI :P.-Audiosurf 2 has a better way of ''writing/riding'' the songs then Audiosurf, It picks everything up way better with Drums, Bass, Vocals etc. Also it's sometimes possible to ride songs that last 2hours! woo!Overall in my opinion, Again. This is a great game! I'm glad this game excists, It helps you ''do something'' while your listening to music, Defently for some people, like me, This is very usefull and a great way to still spend time. 11/10.Now. There's your serious review. Now let me play the game.Don't forget to buy it before you leave the page!Thanks for the time and reading this ''serious'' review. :)"
,Not Recommended,235800,24482493,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mister Oxy,"★★★☆☆I liked this game until I went insane over the fact that each time you play the same song the layout is random, meaning that technically no skill is needed at all to get into the leaderboards."
,Not Recommended,235800,8027691,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,pel,"I feel like I seriously wasted my money and I regret not just buying the first game.  Wanting a way to kill time AND listen to music, I thought buying this game would be a great option.  But no, I threw $15 bucks straight into the toilet.The interface for this game is horrendous, and the game being in early access is no excuse.  The main menu was constantly stuttering and loading.  As well, searching through your music library with the Audiosurf menu is tediously slow and unorganized.  Without even starting the game, I was a bit dissappointed on how I spent my money.Once I did start however, I was certain that my money was wasted.  The wakeboard mode is a laugh and not even worth time.  It's simply not fun at all and those massive jumps you pull off distract from the actual gameplay and rhythm of the game.  Knowing I wouldn't enjoy this mode in the first place, I was happy that the original mode was included as well, but the original mode barely even worked at all.  Basically none of the note blocks were on beat with the music I'd play and everything that was set down was seemingly random.  And despite picking the super steep, the game barely felt fast at all.  In fact, it was impossible to tell I was even on a slope and instead felt like I was just on a driving on a fast, straight highway occasionally bumping up and down.  Once playing through some songs I like, I was fed up with the game being out of sync and the slow♥♥♥♥♥menus.Maybe when this game leaves early access it will be much more playable and fun, but for now, please save your money.  I wish I did."
,Recommended,235800,7771749,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mikfoz,"Great great, even for an early access game. I miss the pointman gamemodes but other than that this is almost better than the first Audiosurf."
,Recommended,235800,16024652,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chillmountdewn,"The new browsing feature is just awesome! Now you can search the Community for Songs you wanna ride, you dont have to download your songs first. :3"
,Recommended,235800,11268001,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Atomic Noob,"The graphics are amazing, the controls are easy and the game is addicting. Audiosurf 2 is one of the few games that makes adrenaline rush through me. It combines appealing graphics along with musical sensation to create a masterpiece. However, the community Audiosurf 2 has is what really makes the game fun. I personally am very competitive and enjoy beating other people's scores. There is a global leaderboard for every gamemode and some very tough competitors to compete with. You can access SoundCloud, play practically any song you like and you can share the song with friends. If that wasn't enough there's also a workshop with over 500 community created skins and gamemodes.Just don't expect it to be like Rock Band or Guitar Hero. You aren't required to hit notes on the right beat or anything. The main goal is to collect a grid full of notes, or at least as full as possible. There are also new modes that have their own twist of gameplay.There are no easy, medium or hard versions of Mono, Vegas and the rest. There's one set difficulty which seems hard at first but gets easier as played.Overall, it's worth a try. If you aren't completely convinced then wait for it to go on a sale. There are many things that will keep you entertained."
,Recommended,235800,29346272,Posted: 18 January,all,Kinoko,"I'd recommend this game purely for the relaxing factor of playing this to your own music, other than that it has some flaws. Some of the bugs like the Dethrone tab not working correctly nor some of the youtube functions not working.What bothers me the way points are aquired in the most popular used mode, In where filling up your grid gives you the max amount of points, but to do that you'll have moments where you have to skip notes on purpose yo gain a better score, which in my opinion beats the essence of a Rythm game. Also the fact that while the notes hit at the given time, their location in one of the three lines often randomizes, which again defeats the purpose of a Rythm game, this feels more like solving a puzzle while listening to your music than actually hitting notes on the song.Other than that it's a pretty relaxing experience."
76561197965066739,Recommended,235800,22573637,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[OTK] pleth0ra,"Overall it's a pretty good game. Better visuals, more game modes and the added workshop portion adds even more content. However if you have played Audiosurf for the Mono and Ninja mono game modes, then you will be disappointed. Those two modes are my favorite and are completely changed for the worse in Audiosurf 2. If you're looking to pick up this game to play those game modes, I would stick with the original Audiosurf, otherwise I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,235800,24284017,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,baxter,"This game on drugs is insane, 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,30159326,Posted: 24 February,all,Silv3rshadow,Just as good as number 1
,Not Recommended,235800,21080340,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nixel,"I don't recommend, not for now at least. The biggest downside for me (besides the fact that my hardware struggles with low settings) is the removal of the only playstyle I am used to: number keys to switch lanes. Then there's the bad user interface, the half-broken useless Soundcloud integration, the lack of settings (key binds, visual, etc), the fact that the core gameplay was changed (gray blocks are no longer necessarily bad, they are even essential for a perfect score), the terrible hit detection, and the list goes on. I wanted to love this game, I tried to, but I can't. So much wasted potential. I just hope that an update will come that fixes this mess."
,Recommended,235800,22581324,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Zerus Fluffytail,"Ля, первая лучше."
,Recommended,235800,22468285,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,USAFMike,"I played a ton of the first Audiosurf some years ago, absolutely loved it. This one is just as great and it adds more stuff. The game can be easy or it can be very challenging, it's all up to you. Such an awesome excuse to listen to the songs you love now or haven't heard in awhile again. Audiosurf's concept is fun. Ride your music."
,Recommended,235800,23796841,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sluuk,Best spare-time spending game 2kForEver I recommend downloading the turbo ++ mode from the workshop.
,Recommended,235800,22247841,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pheenic,a great way to see how many people share your horrible taste in musicupdate 11/28:i may or may not have a problem...
76561197979855020,Not Recommended,235800,21487066,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mancakes,"I've played Audiosurf for 670 hours. I've held many thrones of pointman pro (and still hold some of them). I'm no longer the player I was and was never the very best, but I know what I'm talking about.This sequel just feels terrible to play. Direct control is jerky, not at all natural. The perspective combined with the ship design makes it very difficult to tell where the front of your ship is in order to hit or dodge anything. The new animation to show blocks that have matched and will disappear works for mono types - but it makes it near impossible to tell whats matching or not for the puzzle classes.It looks a bit prettier, particularly the UI. More importantly, the changes to the puzzle modes to 'standardize' them and make it more consistent for all classes are interesting and make a lot of sense. But none of it is worth it. Stick to the original."
,Recommended,235800,35090770,Posted: 20 September,all,SpazmanianDevil,"Audiosurf 2 is as delightful as the first but improves upon it by giving you the option for different modes and an ever updating workshop if you want to try out what the community thinks you should surf to. It can be an intense ride if you're a bit competitive or more of a relaxing glide if you want more of a break. It's a great sequel, for sure!"
,Not Recommended,235800,8322861,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Apostian,"As a Mono player, Audiosurf 2 is really disappointing.  Mono is way too easy and Mono Turbo is just insane.  Audiosurf 1's Ninja Mono Ironmode was the perfect blend of challenge and enjoyment and Audiosurf 2 just doesn't cut it.On the other hand, it's moddable, so that's neat (some of the skins are fantastic!).  I'm interested to see what the modding community can do to save Mono but everything I've seen is just a disappointing (nothing but gimmick mods and mods making turbo even more insane).Then there's the largely forgettable wakeboarding mode which I'm assuming someone thought of while playing SSX Tricky on their gamecube but was only given a few days to shoehorn it last minute into this game.  With a great sadness, Audiosurf 2 gets a thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,235800,8344677,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Law,"If you liked first Audiosurf, then this is must have for you.It is way more polished and it is very frequently updated. Plus the worshopp compatibility is sweet and there are many great user made modes."
,Recommended,235800,26104473,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SydneyCat ❤,I've enjoyed every moment spent playing this game. :)
,Recommended,235800,12795723,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Capt_JABRONIE,"At first, I felt like Adiosurf 2 was a disapointment compared to the first one. I felt like the visual improvements weren't enough to give this sequel my money. But I did. I liked the first one enough that I wanted to support the developer(s?) a little more. And at first I didn't like it. I prefered the art style and simplicity of the first game. However, after a couple updates my doubts quickly left.  And the biggest reason that I would recommend this to owners of the first game is the workshop support. In addition to what feels like an upgrade to music adaptation of stages, I can go from playing as  Sanic in Greenhill Zone to a Bionicle riding through lava. I can play the classic mode, a clone of bit trip runner, a SHMUP, or just use it as an amazing visualizer. It's one of the most purely fun rythm games I've played in a while. There are still a few features missing that I'd like to see added the the game such as audio level sliders, better UI, or graphics options. However, even if the game didn't recieve any future updates, the stuff flowing out of the workshop is deffinitely worth the purchase.Sorry if this is a little incoherent. Long day of work, came home to play audiosurf,  and I decided to do my first review of a steam game. Now bedtime.... Or pants time. I don't remember which comes first."
,Recommended,235800,19720451,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zangston,"Updated graphics, more game modes, the maps are better generated, you can play your own music, and the Steam workshop is great.Although this game is great, it's not worth $15.Pricing aside, Audiosurf 2 is a great game.Now with achievements!"
76561197966743999,Not Recommended,235800,33620012,Posted: 17 July,all,}F.f.0.F{ Alley Addict,"Although Audiosurf 2 improves the visuals and includes the option to load songs directly from sites such as Youtube, etc, I enjoy Audiosurf (1) much more. I would play Audiosurf (1) with multiple friends and one of the challenges  we enjoyed was to try to beat a song of our choice without hitting a single grey block (an obstacle that reduces the player's score and disqualifies the player for the Perfect Score rating which increases the player's final score for the song.) and secondary to that was to try to beat eachother's scores while sharing music. Audiosurf 2 changed the structure of the gameplay so there is no Perfect Score reward because the track has walls of obstacles which are totally unavoidable and some of the fastest tracks I have played on Audiosurf (1) are much slower and feel flat in comparison. The visual improvements are alright but I actually find Audiosurf (1)'s basic black background with colors to be much easier on the eye. Audiosurf 2 has a few pros but for me the gameplay of Audiosurf (1) is far more appealing though that comes down to preference. The game itself is fine, just not as recommendable as Audiosurf (1)."
,Recommended,235800,24202500,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bayrock,If I was a game it would be this game.
,Recommended,235800,20215666,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DotDotDot,"I just love these games where you simply play without thinking and end up feeling relaxed and stress free. And Audiosurf is that kind of game. Plus, what's better than a game that forces you to listen to your favourite music?Audiosurf 2 is a  nice upgrade over the original Audiosurf, which at its time, was really awesome. Now you get cleaners visuals, a less noisy menu (yes!) and of course it's more seizure inducing.You're now even allowed to use skins and mods, making the game more open to new experiences as well as help the user choose skins that fit their mood or taste."
,Recommended,235800,19205248,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TAFKAKK,"You love music? Ha, beware ""ADDICTION""!!!Hear it ,feel it, play it and again and again and.....[People who had their experimental psycadellic drug  phase maybe know how to taste or see music.You want it ,too? So here´s your manual.You will need several things on this voyage:- a harddisk filled up with your alltime favorit music- (I prefer) a gamepad- a connection to reality (or I promise you´ll wake up without eating, drinking and whatelse people do to keep their existence  running)And please kids even if I used some drug allegories. Don´t take drugs while playing this game, might be to funny.Their is a scoring system, blabla....Just sit back follow rhythm and harmony and relax, collect coloured bubbles avoid itchy peaks ( we don´t want disharmony!!!)I waisted not one thought on scoring.It works with music, every music ( just you have to like it).No combat just flow....What?You think this review doesn´t have substance?I don´t care, i go to have another round ofAudiosurf 2"
76561198082485930,Not Recommended,235800,31781101,Posted: 15 May,all,MrKilts,used to be really good then as soon as he added the youtube feature♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan. THis game is broken now.
,Not Recommended,235800,20378146,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lion_4K,"Think of Audiosurf franchise the same of most movie franchises: Should had stayed on the First only.I got this game on Early Access, and now it is fully released, still not good as the first one, idk if it is the engine they choose, or what, the game is not even the sadow of Audiosurf 1 is."
,Not Recommended,235800,30158843,Posted: 24 February,all,Trash,"I would love to recommend this game, the sole reson I can't being the youtube buffering issues. Despite lowering my audio quality as much as possible, setting my graphics to low, and cleaning up every single non-essential background task in my task manager, the video still stuttered and buffered throught the entirety of my attempt to get through it. This renders the game, though not unplayable technically, utterly unenjoyable and a chore. Using music from my own hardrive library works just fine, but I'm not at all happy that getting music into a workable format for this game is a pain in the but and ripping things from youtube isn't exactly legal. Having searched google for a fix, I can tell that this issue is not a new one, and considering that I'm having it, there has not been a patch yet. Very dissapointed, otherwise the game is addicting fun, when it works."
,Recommended,235800,12343562,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,kingevil1998,Early access helps to keep the game fresh and the inclusion of Workshop means theres never a dull moment when you have a huge music library! 10/10 would surf again!
,Recommended,235800,16646332,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,iQ Greygnarl,"Just like Audiosurf 1, you ride the song, just pick the one you want, and just race it.Audiosurf 2 came with lots of nice perks, like Workshop, for some mods and skins, and it brought the ""Most Played"" section, where with access to Internet you can see the more played songs worldwide, download it to the game and play it.10/10"
,Recommended,235800,11712103,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DaDuns,"I've played Audiosurf 1 a ton.So here's my first real review of a game.Pros:-Graphics are amazing, great improvement from Audiosurf 1.-The overall menu and overlay is greatly improved.-The scores are split up how they should be, and the leaderboards are nice.-Other ways to play songs besides mp3's on your pc, you can now use soundcloud or popular songs.-The new gamemods, the wakeboard style is very fun and unique.-MODABILITY IS A HUGE ONE. You can download custom skins, gamemodes. All created by players on steam in the workshop, you can even make your own.-The engine that creates the map is loads better than the first, it has more rhythm and more flow in my opinion, makes the game alot more immersive.Cons:-Tutorials are limited, as for the wakeboard there were no tutorials on how to do any tricks once you're in the air.(You can use 1 2 3 4 for tricks in mid air, the top right will tell you if you dont have enough time, try holding them down too.)(Left click and right click do some of the tricks as well)-Lack of gamemodes at the moment, the game and high scores consists almost entirely of mono or other variations.9/10Great game, still in early access if they improve on tutorials and gamemodes then 10/10.Try this game out, loads of fun. Infinite possibility, the only limitation is your music. Playability is infinite.Maybe you will discover music playing some of the top songs for gamemodes."
76561198097910957,Recommended,235800,10947370,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Unorthodox,"I suppose many negative comments come from people who own Audiosurf 1, and, comparitively, say that this sequel has not lived to up to expectation. Having never acquiring predecessors, for graphical reasons, I can't tell you whether they are right or wrong, but, I can tell you that I enjoy this game, and, updates from the producers and mods from the community are making this game even better. I love the idea of riding your own music, from the soothing flow of the road to the beat-drops of the slopes, I enjoy this game for its unique puzzle generating mechanisms. Its a work in progress, but an exciting experience."
,Recommended,235800,12166398,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[FP] Uber! 💩💩💩,"This game is extremely unfinished, and it shows.  However the basic mechanics of the game are there, and in the last 2 updates most of the bugs have been ironed out.Anyways, Audiosurf 2 has a customization that AS1 never had... Workshop support.  That's right!  You can use the simple yet useful programming language known as Lua to program your own MODS (Gamemodes, basically) and Skins (Altered versions of the visual elements like the rails of the track and the cars.)Gameplay is pretty solid, and also everchanging.Mono: Dodge grays, hit colors.  Make the highest combo to get the post points.  Hit power pellets at moments of extreme intensity to double the points' worth of blocks in your grid.Wakeboard (And Variants): Hit colors, dodge grays, and jump at intense moments in the song to do tricks to earn points.  In the ""Grid"" version, the more filled your grid is when you jump, the higher the multiplier.There are also some new gamemodes from the recent update that I have yet to play. I hope to try them soon... They appear to be the old puzzle modes from AS1"
76561198144225593,Recommended,235800,21294410,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,♘Craneface♘ (Genji),"To me music is life. I love to play games while listening to a good tune. Here you actually get to ride your song, you choose a downloaded song, choose a mode to play and the game literally forms a road for you to play the tune. You also get to test yourself and improve your speed, mental as well. I do recommend this game"
76561198080482559,Recommended,235800,22107248,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,NRieh,"Imagine Megarace, GuitarHero and Tetris having a wild party together with the winamp visualizer.Got it? This game is exactly what happens 9 months after that night.This game is:- Casual- Relaxing- Hard- Extremely hard- Addictive like hell(yes, ALL of the mentioned above)The only things that limit you are the size of your 'MUSIC' folder and your love to listen to it.Have in mind, however, that you're not likely to find a highscore competitor for somethig rare and\or local. The real world-wide highscore challange only happens with hits and widely popular tracks (or random 'song of the day'). Some modes are much more popular than the others.It's a good idea to clean up your tags before playing. Cyrillic characters work well (if saved with a proper encoding options).Workshop skins are nice, plenty of those to choose from (so far I loved 'aurora' the most).NOTE! There IS a built-in Last.FM scrobbler. It works,  but  for some totally unexplainable reason the only way to turn it on is to tweak the .xml config file, it's not avaliable from the in-game menu."
,Recommended,235800,21333678,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SleekBeek,Amazing game
76561198069242753,Recommended,235800,9922607,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,(SHD) Agent Vigilante,you can play with your music. so everyone go give it a try this game100/10
76561198031041930,Recommended,235800,16687579,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zany,I downloaded the most psychidelic skins avaliable on steam because who really needs working eyes or sanity?Worth every cent. Now I know what its like to hallucinate violently. 10/10
,Recommended,235800,20981983,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CoFeoK,Oops
,Recommended,235800,11605291,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Berry❤,"While a fun game, it's overshadowed by it's older sister Audiosurf 1 quite a lot. It's missing a lot of features that made the original game more competitive to play (easy to pick up, hard to master) though it is a game anyone can pick up and get top scores on provided they can find a song with other people on the scoreboard.The graphics are majorly improved, which is a bonus that doesn't always stand out when you're deep within playing the game.The original 5 non-mono modes (pusher, eraser, pointman, vegas, double vision) are all missing or very badly ported into the game. Pusher - the only one ported - is missing just about everything that made it special, the only differences to (classic) mono now being colour count and the ability to push blocks.The game doesn't have any chain bonuses either, which used to make or break a good Audiosurf run.However, the game has full modding support for both skins and modes, which is essentially what saves the game for me. It's fun if you want to play audiosurf but not quite audiosurf, or if you just want to pick up a beautiful game and rush your mouse back and forward to dodge things that don't even resemble grey blocks anymore.Overall: 7/10Audiosurf beats it in 90% of ways, but hey, we can mod the problems out."
,Recommended,235800,10260028,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chance,"Most of what I said before about this game is now irrelevent. New players will never know the struggle. They fixed an ungodly amount of bugs and problems. I'm going to now give the game an 8/10. I'm just going to say this about the game; When you get a good mode and a good skin, and the stronger your periferal vision, the stronger your eyegasm.Everything below this line was my review of the game taken place two weeks before the release date__________________________________________Okay, so, I'm going to wright the most accurate review I possibly can without losing my temper.They tried to make a good game with new content. It was pretty hard for them after Audiosuft 1. It's like inventing a color to them. I have been waiting for years for this game to come out, and it has not impressed me what so ever. This game is the biggest let down and failure since Star Wars: The Old Republic and Duke Nukem Forever. I'm going to explain the good things that are different about this game and the bad things that are different about this game.Good Things- Kinda high res, yeah, it's not too bad.- Screen effects aren't too bad.....                      okay, you got me, they are amazing, but read what I put first in the bad things list- You can now play songs longer than one hour (but who seriously has that kind of patience?)Okay, now it's time for the bad things- I couldn't enjoy the two good things because I was too busy grinding my teeth at these things- No difficulty settings anymore. It's a 1 size fits all idea- You cannot change your settings, like mouse speed or sound effects, in game. You must exit to the main menu to do that. Setting mouse speeds are a pain in the ♥♥♥ because you start a song, test it, hit escape, change it (going to the options quits your game and returns you to the main menu), and repeat until you're satisfied,- You have no control of the volume- Just touching notes is no longer enough.- You can no longer obtain notes by hitting them in the side.- Mono was totally ruined. It's the best thing there, but it still sucks. Pitifully.- The track is long, skiny, distorted and faster because of it. Imagine someone grabbing the track at each end and pulling them apart like warm and gooey cheese. That's what the track looks like. Everything in the track looks, well.. go into word. Put in a picture of a face. Make it about as wide as the distance that the tab key will jump horizontally. Now vertically stretch it to the very bottom of the page. See how distorted it got? That's how everything looks. Now put the normal image to the left or right of it. Imagine a horizontal line that would start at the bottom of the picture and go up to the top of both pictures. The two lines start at the same time and finish at the same time. This line will move much, much faster on the distorted image because it has to make up for the extra area you added, that made it distorted. This is what I mean by the track is long, skinny, distorted, and faster because of it.- When Audiosurf 1 came with the Orange Box soundtracks, Audiosurf 2 comes with, get this, 15 different versions of Bonfire by Knife Party!!! Isn't that amazing! I mean, how could we possibly ask for more? Sounds amazing, right?! I hope you saw the verbal irony there.- Main menu is difficult to navigate, hard to understand, and designed for Windows 8/Windows Phone (Better known as the tile phone), especially since everything in a tile theme, including all circles.- People liked Audiosurf 1 partly because they could relax and think when they played it. When I wrote my book, I just played Audiosurf and my ideas naturally came to me. The gameplay took enough effort that you couldn't hold a conversation with someone, but left enough of your mental resources to daydream and just straight out think, like you do when you're trying to (and can't) fall asleep at night.- Mouse Sensitivity is not consecuative. Skins all have their own width of the track. They also have their own character size. Your mouse sensitivity isn't how much of your screen you can move your character, it's the amount of area you have to cover on your mousepad to get from one side of the track to the other. Fatter tracks will give you the illusion of faster mouse sensitivity, while skinny tracks give you the illusion of slower sensitivity. This is a HUGE pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Oh yeah, and, 72 minutes into the game the high resolution capabilities aren't...    new anymore, they got old, and the ""amazing"" screen effects are getting annoying. God ♥♥♥♥ING forbid that there be a milimeter of my screen with nothing on it."
,Recommended,235800,14213030,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,NezTea PL,"Do you like playing games?Do you like listening to music?Do you like listening to your own music while playing games?If you have answered ''yes'' to all of these questions,then GET IT, GET IT NOW, seriously its so freaking awesome."
,Recommended,235800,16015594,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,yung poopoo,"GG, buy it"
,Recommended,235800,16561286,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lord HighLander,"WARNING: Written by tonedeaf person, if that matters to youIf you like listening to music and playing games, i think this game might be for you!I played original audiosurf as my relaxation game, and this one is good for that too!New compared to original:- Music search from soundcloud, very cool in my opinion as now i don't actually need to have all the songs on my own pc- Wokshop support for new modes and skins, some very cool talent out there making awesome work!- (in my opinion) it is worthwhile to play slower songs now too, in original i felt most of them where just floating forward"
,Recommended,235800,23130690,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv/raiin1live,"Have you ever just wanted to sit back and just listen to your music, but there's nothing to do? Too boring, but you still wanna jam out to your song and have fun with it too?Wait no more- audiosurf 2 is the game for you.The game makes a level based around your song, synched up to the beats of ANY song you want. Yes, literally any song.Best of all, gives you something fun as hell to do while jamming out. No more meaningless to listening to your song over and over again, a new level every time.9/10."
,Recommended,235800,26843013,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,=UPG= ๖ۣۜDalek,My life would be a lot more productive if I hadn't found this game
,Recommended,235800,9639735,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Seawolf,"I've played hundreds of hours on Audiosurf 1 (non-steam), and quite a bit of Audiosurf 2. The one thing to make clear is this: Audiosurf 2 is in beta and is unfinished. I have updated my review to reflect my evaluation of the game as of the latest update. In-depth review incoming:===========Pros over Audiosurf 1=============-- Better graphics, and skin mods.The graphics possible in the new engine blow Audiosurf 1 out of the water without question. If you're an eye-candy lover this is great, and the integration of highly moddable skins makes the limit of eye-candy quite high.--Better engine.It's without a doubt that the new engine being used is better and will offer far more if devs or mod makers take advantage.--ModsAnyone can try their hand and creating their dream game mode, and this will surely be the lifeblood of the game after it releases. Whatever failings in design the developer may make in our eyes, the fix will be just a couple of code lines away.--Separate score boards for modesQuite a welcome addition. This puts an end to all the crying about ""balance"" (mainly from Mono players) of all the modes competing on the same score board. It should be noted that the official puzzle modes are all competing on the same scoreboard.--Support for many sound file formats like FLAC and some platforms like Soundcloud--Challenges/DethronesThe newest update to the game has added a friendly and easy competitive framework to the game. It's far cleaner and quicker than having to trudge through AS1's scoreboards. This in-game framework was not something available in AS1, and allows you to see what is popular per mode so you can be competitive with strangers even in unpopular modes. Definitely a welcome addition if you're competitiveThat's it for the pros.==========Cons below Audiosurf 1.===========--Requires always online--no file browser--no last.fm--Unfinished UI functionalityThe Dethrones update added a great boost to UI responsiveness which is now on par or better than AS1. The UI still needs quite a bit of work to be considered finished compared to Audiosurf 1. Keyboards and gamepad can navigate menus.--Reloading tracks every time (even just for a track restart)The capacity to save track schemes in Audiosurf 1 for quickly loading in your song is gone. Restarting your song before it ends also requires a reload of the entire track, very annoying.That's it for the major cons I see.Suffice to say, the biggest con of all is this:The developer seems to work at a snail's pace averaging one update every 2-3 months. It also needs to mentioned that the dev is very silent about what he's working on. Community interaction is important, and while surprises are nice, it would be nicer if the dev took less than one minute in the future to at least say he's still alive and working on the game.==========Should you buy it?=============Audiosurf 2, as far as I can tell, is finally just behind where Audiosurf left us in general game quality. Audiosurf 1 is definitely worth a buy, but Audiosurf 2 is where it will be at. I can confidently say I think it's worth buying if you don't mind the current incompleteness, but more shall come in the future."
76561198085104998,Recommended,235800,29436463,Posted: 22 January,all,Hotwill100,100% recomended. finding that one song that is justt crazy enough makes you feel so good
,Recommended,235800,7372870,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,♫ Zedilian ♫,"This game is just insanely great and fabuluos. And it's still in development! Workshop stuff becomes more and more crazy and wonderful.The only BUT colossal disappointment - IT HAS NO MULTIPLAYER! I wish I could hope for it in the future, but honestly said I don't think it'd happen =("
,Recommended,235800,19060954,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Kasdiel,"The original Audiosurf was a fun, simple experience that proved to be a good time waster. Audiosurf 2 is very much so the same as the first with enhanced visuals and modes, not to mention vastly superior track generation.The Mono mode of Audiosurf 2 is definitely the focus, though. It's a large step-up from the original's Mono modes, perhaps this is due to the incomparable quality of the track generation that there is now.Audiosurf 2 isn't without its own problems, though, just like the original. Audiosurf 2's gameplay is polished, fun and simple as one would hope going into an Audiosurf game but the bland, silent menu and unstable nature of the game when it's loading is somewhat frustrating and holds this otherwise solid title back.To elaborate on the aforementioned loading issues, upon looking it up only some people suffer from them. Basically, the game stops responding every time you open the game and every time you load a track. Waiting for about 20 seconds allows it to resolve itself but it's still rather annoying and detracts greatly from the game. This has not happened to me once while actually playing a song, though, so that's great.A few things also lack polish, unfortunately. For instance, when you finish a track the song itself begins to start anew right at the end before cutting off and taking you to the dead silent post-game score screen.Ultimately, allowing music to play in the menu, bug fixes and overall polish outside of the gameplay itself would allow this title to really shine. If you enjoy rhythm games or if you enjoyed the original Audiosurf you'll enjoy this title as long as you can look past the fairly annoying flaws holding this otherwise great game back. It's worth buying on sale, for sure."
,Not Recommended,235800,13821925,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Skipperzip,Lots of stuff needs to be fixed before I can enjoy this game again.-non-RNG Modes need to actually not be RNG-youtube needs to be fixed (seriously it's been months now)-Dethrones tab needs to work more than once per restartI love this game but these problems and many more are ruining the experience for me.
,Recommended,235800,23299598,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Nazeracoo,Colorful with a creative modding community 9/10
,Recommended,235800,16235614,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Azu,"Great game with almost endless replay value.A fantastic sequel to the original that it vastly improves on in every possible way, with a wealth of new features, game modes and skins to choose from, as well as seamless Workshop integration to boot."
,Not Recommended,235800,10272977,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Niza of Sun,"With this game I was expecting a better, correct flow of the songs, a more challenging Mono mode and at least a way to do a music search inside the game. I didn't get any of that.The game seems a lot easier than the first one and the changes in speed during the course of the music, sometimes, you dont even notice them because it feels like its constantly on that speed, regardless of the intensity of the song on that moment. The distance of the ship and the block you have to hit its a bit weird comparing with the first one but with time you get used to itOverall, very disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,235800,34299002,Posted: 16 August,all,SlyCooperFan1,"Audiosurf 2 is one of the games that I would love to have a ""Maybe"" option for Steam reviews. If you own the original Audiosurf, it's difficult to recommend this game to you. If you don't own the original Audiosurf, then I would definitely recommend you pick up this one.Audiosurf (2) is a puzzle game where you race on a highway of colored blocks to the beat of your favorite songs, trying to get the highest score possible. That is, if you love insane difficulty. I'm one of the many people who sticks to Mono difficulty, which removes the puzzle elements and just has you going for any color blocks while dodging the gray blocks. It's a more enjoyable experience for me that way.If there was anything I really had to complain about Audiosurf 2, it's that god-awful crowd cheering. It's so infurating and I wish I could turn it off. Otherwise, there's not much to say wrong about Audiosurf 2, just that a lot of it is ""more of the same"" from the original.Pick it up if you've never played the original, but if you already own the original, you could probably stick with that."
,Recommended,235800,17646128,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Echolon,If u are realy don't know what to do while playing music... play your music
,Recommended,235800,24561576,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"This is where you can put mods, listen to any music you want, and get to see what's daily in the music section. :)"
,Recommended,235800,25489059,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Masha,Best game to play .... on clouds?
,Recommended,235800,7297521,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,♥Neppy♥,This game is amazing and it's still in Alpha Build as I type this. The new Game mode makes this game a lot better in my opinoin. BUY THIS ONE NOW TOOOO!
,Recommended,235800,22510792,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Trixify,I really like playing this game when I download new music. It's fun and visually engages me with every custom level. 9/10
,Not Recommended,235800,26152714,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,{S̟̮i̸̢ͅr̲͘r̥͇͘͝o̝},"This update took the game 1500000 steps backwards... Can't even do the simplist of things, CAN'T EVEN LEAVE THE SETTINGS MENU!! It is a broken game at the moment, so I do not recommend it.FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235800,16189875,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,雪音クリス,"-Fond of music games-Knew about Audiosurf years and years ago but never actually played before-I was with a computer system nutorious for not compatable to 85% of the games out there. (Something starts with M and ends with C, with an A in between) Was super glad that AS2 is compatable with this platform.-Starts playing and was super happy to find that it runs smoothly on 10.9 even though it says 10.10 was the minimum requirement-Got confused for a moment with other music games, in which this one requires you to miss some notes in order to fill in the grid perfectly for a higher score, instead of attempting a high max. chain/high max. combo/full chain/full combo for the max. score.-Get the hang of the game within 2 hours (1.9 hours on record right now)-$15? I could save $1000 by playing this instead of going to the arcade and play music games there.Oh, on a side note, WARNING: If you have epilepsy, take care."
76561198174619255,Recommended,235800,16760643,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kara L Burnett,"Very well done,  I do love the fact that you can change the Music, backround, and how you play in the game.    YOu must correctly, rack up points to beat other players.  Harder then it looks!!!     But over all it brings enjoyment"
,Recommended,235800,27993448,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,YYZ,"(Me,totally not trying to get stupid badge atm)Audiosurf 1 was a pioneer. It was a rhytm games age, and it was held on consoles, be a Guitar Hero in your Rock Band. Audiosurf brought to PC a piece of this, with good concept behind - every song can be played.I bought Audiosurf 2 back at early access, tbh not because i was expecting much, but out of respect to first game and in hope that my money will help devs a bit. To my suprise i recievied a well-done game, with same concept,but revised and more smoothly working. Game was working with Soundcloud, each song from hard drive also could work, everything were fine. But next, a YouTube update came, all peace and balance in this little game died. IMO, the update was just not ready, and Still after weeks of its release not working steadly. Yup, on paper its brilliant and should do fine - play every song from youtube, and i do admit the technology itself is amazing, but right after its release a question came. Question is, why devs held this idea? The indie market could have waited for Audiosurf 2 for half, year more nad if it was released right with YouTube technology, steadly working game would have had good player base and would not be ""dead"" in half year. Do i recommend it? Ye, get it on sales, but dont expect the innovation that Surf 1 brought, or sometimes even smooth work."
,Recommended,235800,27730896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fluffy Bacon,"If the wrist doesnt hurt, youre playing it wrong"
,Recommended,235800,17707581,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,zer,"If you enjoy music and casual gaming, Audiosurf 2 is for you. Its the perfect blend of those two elements to create an experience only this game holds, it can shift over to be competitive by trying to beat those around the world, challenging I must say. Buy this game, do it. You wont regret it."
76561198035799694,Not Recommended,235800,32731346,Posted: 24 June,all,argentum2f,"I really want to like this, but I just can't recommend it. It really is amazing, but it's also pretty awful.Amazing because of auto level generation that allows you to play any music you like. It is a fantastic feeling to jump at just the right moment in the music and soar (which you can do in one of the modes), and have the gameplay related elation you get when hitting something just right perfectly match up with the the feelings the music is pushing on you... it's incredible. No other game is likely to do this, because most music doesn't do that to me, and it's unlikely a game with hard-coded in music would happen to pick much that fits my tastes. It's all about  the ability to listen to your own music.The problem is everything great about this game begins and ends with its level generation. The gameplay itself is severely lacking to non-existent. You race down the center of three lanes, and have two buttons. One shifts you to the left, the other to the right. One mod has a third option for jumping. You cruise along trying to pick up tile and dodge spikes, which are all somewhat synchronized to the music. It's a type of gameplay I'd expect from an early NES or even ATARI game. Don't get me wrong, it's still provides plenty of challenge if you want to go for high scores, etc. it just isn't that fun. I have never played any rythm games before (guitar hero, etc.) so maybe this gameplay is par for the course for these types of games. If that's the case, than I feel I'm not missing out on anything.It's unfortunate the gameplay is lacking because the level generation is actually pretty good. It's far from perfect - don't let your expectations get to high here - but it's good enough. I think just opening the controls and the level up more so you actually have full analog control, and making it more like a fast racing game would be more fun. Clearly you couldn't control the throttle (in order to stay sync'd with the music), but you would feel like there's a little more interaction.I'm going to not recommend it because of the $15 price point, which is just too much for me to justify for a game so lacking in actual gameplay. If you are a music lover - especially in certain genres - than this game may be worth getting for $5 on sale.  I personally got it for $5 and waffled a bit on whether to return it. I did end up keeping it."
76561198296196763,Not Recommended,235800,28964359,Posted: 2 January,all,MR. EQUILIBRIUM,a bit annoyed about the whole changing to youtube as the platform not as good as it used to benow due to the change to youtube the songs have a chance of lag ( if you have bad internet) and now the video is in the corner and it was just better to have sound cloud
76561198070941969,Not Recommended,235800,34730806,Posted: 4 September,all,_Labrat,"This game is great, when it works. Currently music streaming from youtube is terrible, I get strange microstuttering that happens for a while and the only way to fix it is to re-install the game but even that hasn't worked sometimes (I have a GTX 1070 and i7 4790 so it isn't hardware based), the dev seems to have abandoned this game, and there is a massive lack of players so if you are into some more obscure bands and want to compete agaist others then you're out of luck. However,  the gameplay (when its working) is super solid and just a great way to chill out for 30 mins to a few hours. I have gotten a massive ammount of playtime out of this but I cannot recomend it at its current price, $15 bucks is way to pricey for a broken game. If it's on sale for like $5 bucks and you enjoy rythem games then go for it."
76561198049519897,Recommended,235800,34390176,Posted: 21 August,all,TastyHag,"Guys, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome!You can play all your songs in this game. And then there are various game mods and visual you can choose, more within the workshop."
,Recommended,235800,8354020,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,何?!,Amazing
,Recommended,235800,19312386,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,cool xD haha!!! :D^^,✓ Yes
,Recommended,235800,24676266,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Detrimental Bird,"Really great game, there are a lot of gamemods that you can downloadSadfrom the workshop, song and maps, so it basically never gets old.BoysThe game doesn't work sometimes and crashes, but besides that it's almost flawless2001I mean, you can play any song in the world you want, no game had done that right? and the notesYungaren't randomized, they actually follow the song. The game shows other people who played the song so you can pass their recordsLeanand be at the top of each song or map!Recomended 9/10 (just because of the crashes)"
,Not Recommended,235800,31323017,Posted: 23 April,all,Mayoralink,"I love this game; I love them since the first one came out. Audiosurf 2 used to be great; it included Soundcloud streaming support and it is now gone and replaced with a crappy YouTube interface that more than often makes the game feel slow. There has been a long lasting demand to include streaming from Google Play Music, Spotify and/or Pandora, and neiher of those has been provided. Is it because they don't listen to us at all? Or if there is any fee to use those services, like how Beat Hazard sells as DLC for MLAC support, we could understand that. There have been no major updates since the YouTube one and, as I already explained, it is extremely crappy. This stays as a negative review until more interest from the developers is seen."
,Not Recommended,235800,31563556,Posted: 5 May,all,[FUR] NightHawk ⚣,"How do you ruin a perfectly competitive and fair game ? Put some RNG in it !It is now pure luck each time you load a song, if you will have a nice combo of color blocks or everything sh*tted onto one side. Play the first one instead ! Developers are dead about this game anyway."
,Recommended,235800,16039665,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,キ テ ィ ・ テ ィ テ ィ,"I have to say in my 13 and more hours of playing this game it's a nice way to just sit down and do something while doing noting, And now with the new patch/upgrade it makes finding songs more easy and looks more better then when it was in greenlight. So in short I would recommend this to almost anybody!"
,Recommended,235800,20609580,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jelly Croissant,"I do recommend this game and I still really like it because it's a good time waster and it's fun. However there is one major  problem with it.The menu is atrocious.  Not the way it looks mind you, but it's functionality.  Searching songs is nearly impossible because not only is it case sensitive, but the search bar is rather small.  Worse still is that if you try to exceed the search bar limitations it negates your ability to backspace.  Meaning you have you retype everything.  Sometimes when you start a song, the menu will revert to the song of the day instead of the one you selected, meaning the song changes.  Other times the menu takes several seconds to change slides from ""Friends"" to ""Global"" for instance, which happens rarely, but when it does this it slows the game down completely and you can't alt-tab or open the steam overlay.The game is still really fun and when these menu problems are resolved it's easily one of the best rhythm games out there. :)"
76561198064475981,Recommended,235800,23338670,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,王 royalgalaxy 王,I don't remember playing this game this much.
76561198187128493,Not Recommended,235800,16801326,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DaveMasterButtBoy,"I wish I could play the game.I purchased this game for my mac computer. I meet the system requirements so I knew there wouldn't be a problem trying to play the game.But that's not the big problem.I looked at some forums to see if anyone else was having the same problem as I was, and they were.Many people with the Mac version of this game simply aren't able to play it.The game won't load any of the songs, there isn't any audio that can be heard from the game, and sometimes the game just freezes before you can even try to load a song.If you have a windows computer, go ahead and try it, it'll probably work. Any Mac user should stay away in case they encounter the same problem.I want my money back."
,Recommended,235800,7297487,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Violet@DQN,１からの完全上位互換１のダメなとこの爽快感ないとか。曲とあんまあってない。を見事にｶﾊﾞｰしてるセール買い
,Recommended,235800,10280955,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,akubar,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick
76561198030655906,Recommended,235800,8499032,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BigRio,"So much fun, just doenst feel any more finished than the first game, and im waiting on stand alone visualiser mode."
,Recommended,235800,9839408,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dobby,"Surf the waves of your music, literally with this new installation of audiosurf. In audiosurf 2 it's no longer JUST about block-collecting/avoiding, there's another gamemode where you surf on a wakeboard and do tricks on the jumps of your music. There's also plenty of additions to the game in the workshop, like new gamemodes and new skins, however I tend to go back to my roots most of the time running Mono Turbo with classic skin."
,Recommended,235800,8343280,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,numenori-pwi,"New modes, new look,greatest game after tetris.Only one thing and this may be much better than now...Can you do this available for playing on Linux?"
76561198092054160,Recommended,235800,8039466,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,༼༽Shadrakor༼༽,"Well, the gameplay it's self definately seems like an improvement from the first game. I bought it as soon as I saw it out, and to tell the truth, I was a bit dissapointed. I expected a bit more, but then again it is very early on in development. It looks like it could be very cool once it's finished! I've personally played a bit of it, and the way the paths follow the beat is almost perfect. Overall, I would give it probably a 7/10, at least until I see a finished version. There isn't exactly much to review right now, after all."
76561198071820451,Recommended,235800,8802446,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Bearplane,Good rythm game!
,Recommended,235800,9182274,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Zona,"For and indev game it's looking absolutely fantastic, it's a great buy and a lot of fun. Makes every song a joy ride"
76561197993334488,Recommended,235800,9184264,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Duffman,Takes everything up a notch.
,Recommended,235800,20288042,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SparKticas,"I have to say,I'm a music kind of guy. There are days/nights where theres nothing better than turning up the beat to you favourite tunes or maybe even whats hot right now.Imagine being able to do that whilst playing and jamming out to them!Not only is being able to auto-convert your own music into songs for your own enjoyment and listening pleasure you can play the hottest songs and compete with everyone else.But oh no, thats just one mode.Audiosprint has to be my fav, hands down the funnest, followed by mono then waverider, theres far too much to see and do and I would happily encourage anyone to buy this game!"
,Recommended,235800,13461183,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheOceanOfStars,"Audiosurf 2 is a fun fast pace way to play your music ,and with the workshop and all of the ever increasingly awesome mods I'm pretty sure I'll never really tire of this game."
,Recommended,235800,7764646,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Brionac,"Audiosurf 2 is one of the best music games, if not the best above all. The Gameplay has been revolutionized adding the Wakeboard, powering up the Mono Mode, adding a faster Mono Mode (Mono Turbo) and especially supporting the Steam Workshop, allowing users to create new game modes and skin for your game. It's still a beta, but it's already a great game. I can't wait to see the complete version of the game!"
,Recommended,235800,8418476,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,patron of war,it is amizing
,Recommended,235800,16227837,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[ER] WRC495,
,Recommended,235800,19084507,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fyrebit,Amazing. Goes with the beat and.... SO MANY COLORS
76561197970640886,Recommended,235800,11693253,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[ROAR] Grizzly Coraga™,"I loved the original Audiosurf and this one is even better, i'd recommend this game to anyone who loves to surf music :D"
,Recommended,235800,11523075,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Toasted,"Great game, really fun. It's a really cool game that adds a new element to listening to music."
,Recommended,235800,11174625,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Thalassocracy,"This is a really fun game.  It doesn't have as much as the original Audiosurf in terms of official content.  In addition, the leaderboards are set up differently so it scores each mode separately (so those mono players can be happy :D).  Right now, the only official modes are a revamped mono, turbo mono, mono classic (closer to original version), Wakeboard, Wakeboard Grid, Wakeboard Pro, Wakeboard Puzzle, Double Vision, Pusher,  and three currently-in-development concepts that are quite ambitious (but rather unplayable right now, but the concepts behind them are quite odd and extremely different from the original game).  The three experimental modes are called audioschmup (semi-unplayable mode where you try to dodge everything), audiosphere (basically it's a circle where you can rotate 360 degrees that is located in the center of the screen, as opposed to going linearly), and Audiosprint (supports up  to 4 players at once, two buttons per player, buttons go up or down, you try to dodge things).Sadly no Last.fm scrobbling yet, which makes me sad.On the other hand though, the community mods and skins are GREAT.  Due to its integration with Steam Workshop, this community has been able to generate so many awesome things for the game.  Those community-made mods include a LOT of old modes that have been remade.  The skins are really nice too, I would advise you don't use the default one for mono, because that one makes dodging greys nearly impossible XD (because they blend in so well and the whole skin is way too complex).For people who REALLY enjoy Audiosurf, this should be a definite buy.  For those who enjoy Audiosurf, you should buy this by the time the full version is out.  For those new to audiosurf, both are nice (but this one will get nicer than the original audiosurf as it approaches completion)."
,Recommended,235800,26777977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Steve Harvey,Any song you listen to will be great in this game.
,Recommended,235800,20313507,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MPO,"Exquisitely euphoric does not even begin to describe Audiosurf 2.  Much like the huge jump from Rock Band 2 to Rock Band 3, the entire experience has been polished to perfection, evoking strong feelings from the upgraded visuals in particular.  There is simply everything you could ever want from a music game - including a wealth of mods.  But you won't even need to go looking for them to have what I will honestly describe as an org.asmic time (mind the punctuation to get around Steam censorship) - the game comes pre-loaded with a variety of modes and skins fit for any occasion.  Gameplay is also extremely satisfying on a strategic level.  This was the best purchase I have made in some time.For the full experience, use a controller with rumble."
,Recommended,235800,11393684,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Tom Higgens,"This game is what I've been waiting for. All songs get a generated chart within seconds, meaning you can jump in seconds after you choose what song to play. You can play songs off your computer-- ie. iTunes library, or bump songs from SoundCloud.The chart that is generated is usually in sync with the song, often I will see notes that don't pair with the song but that's only on songs that consist of lots of noise and vocals and instruments. The track the chart is on is very accurate, and it actually speeds up and slows down depending on what part of the song you're on. It also moves to the rhythm-- very rarely can this be problematic, only on songs where there might be more simplistic drums than any other instruments (ie. drum 'n bass, etc.)I find it to work well with rock and metal, along with electronic songs of most genres excluding some of the house and DnB.11/10 better than the original.P.S. take advantage of early access, there are some awesome game modes that may not be in the final product!"
,Recommended,235800,26979101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🍥 YZ 🍥,Very strategy style.
76561198062170787,Recommended,235800,11888865,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,LumpParrot41358,"There are quite a few games out there right now that let you use your own music to experience them, but none of them come close to doing it as well as AudioSurf 2 does. your experience will differ, all depending on what music you love. If you're into Heavy Metal, or Dubstep, you better hold onto your seat, because you'll be flying through the track. If you prefer calm, relaxing music, you'll get a calm, relaxing ride, giving you a chance to glance at all of the beautiful colors and designs each track has to offer.There are many different modes and tracks in the game, thanks to the Steam Workshop. Want to do flips and tricks while you're speeding down the track? use Wakeboard. Want a more relaxed yet challenging experience? use Mono. It all depends on your play style. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who has a soft spot for music, and anyone who loves a fun, interesting experience."
,Recommended,235800,27527620,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GTRZ,"the best way to put 10 cans red bull to usei personnaly prefer this game over osu for training reflexes and aim (aim not so much as reflexes) ,i kinda miss some support for spotify but you have youtube (advantage over the first game)"
76561198027224889,Recommended,235800,8802655,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,FatalKiwi,Anime Music + AudioSurf2 = all of the week
,Recommended,235800,26828091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpt.Agman,"Short one.The game itself is really fun and addicting, but the Youtube player introduction seems unfinished. Yeah, surely it is an improvement, but the downside of this thingymajingy is the library of tracks was cut pretty much more than in half.Anyway,if you play your local tracks - still fun and still addicting."
,Recommended,235800,11939898,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,๖Onnikus,"Hours and hours on end of time-consuming fun, and to what better than your own music? Audiosurf 2 surpasses the first Audiosurf astonishingly, giving it a new light. The Workshop community keeps Audiosurf 2 alive, while never losing appeal, because you can play at your own leisure, the way YOU want to play. Games like Rock Band have you select a song they allow, while here, the choice is yours. The track-creation time is impressive once loading a song, so you don't have to worry about being bored by loading times. All-in-all, easily a 10/10 game. Only thing you should know is that there are often hard-to-dodge obstacles that might bother gamers who are easily angered--such as myself, because it throws off my ""groove."" Don't worry, though, there's no major consequence; a little slap on the wrist at worst! Well worth the money, especially for being in Early Access...one can only imagine what will come in future updates, so I'd suggest buying it now in case the price goes up!"
,Recommended,235800,7897206,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Punisher Argile,"Get this game while its 10% off, cause your gonna regret it! Better than audiosurf , and awesome graphics!"
,Recommended,235800,7881352,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,A_Squirrel,"- Worse collision system than predecessor (wonky sideswipes)- Weird, two-dimensional layout of grey blocks- Current pre-release version crashes occasionally between songs- No popout filebrowser, Audioscrobbler removed, barebone menu+ Official wakeboard mode is enjoyable+ Frequent & shiny updates+ Sweet skins and new gamemodes made by the community+ Soundcloud streaming mode (finally!)+ Seizure-induced twitching gives me a complete workout at my desk, helps saving gym feeshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=198884159"
,Recommended,235800,23758911,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Years later, still good. Unfortunately, the leaderboards seem to be not working (they seem to be working now, don't know what changed) but that's a minor issue when you get the game on a 75% sale."
,Recommended,235800,27493122,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sh00kz,Awesome game to relax on a night.
76561198068143637,Recommended,235800,19888103,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Das Hummel,"What a great game... Depending on the game mode and your skills, this game can be extremely relaxing or one of those games that makes you question if you have any hand eye coordination at all. It is great stess relief, but the fact that I'm never going to be a good enough player to get the achievements sucks. If you are a completionist and hate having uncompleted game status due to insane achievements, this game isn't for you. If not, then this is a fantastic game. Buy it. Now."
,Recommended,235800,8121882,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DahakaMVl,"Incredibly great game. Awesome for competitive play or just chilling and even better than Audiosurf 1! The new Modes and Skins from the Workshop will keep this game alive for ever.The only problem is that the Waveboard Gamemode is kinda hard to understand and feels strange right now.However, this game will be awesome when it leaves ""Early Access""."
,Recommended,235800,8021105,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ЯAVEИ0US,"Remarkable game, Great Visualizer!"
76561198088172379,Recommended,235800,21758085,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,levelatoll,"Basically if you ever wanted to literally ride a guitar rif, this is the game for you, simple gameplay is fun and advance gameplay is very very challenging, and the mod community is making new game modes and skins all the time. Absolute blast to play when you find that new song youve been groovin to or an old favorite. Highly recommend to all."
,Recommended,235800,20139053,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,★яσα∂★,"Are you a gamer that likes competitive playing? The answer doesn't really change anything because all you need is to be able to enjoy music!If you like music this game could be something for you. The normal mode is to hit color blocks and don't hit the spikes and you try to get as much points as possible to get on the leaderboard of that specific song and mode.There are a few modes under which the casual, mono, 4 puzzle modes a soundwave mode (Just to look at), a surf and a parcour mode.You can play the song of the day, look through popular songs or go through their database of songs, or you just load your own song and the game will automaticly create a track for your song which really matches the song.I think this game is great if you like music and if you want to play competitive or just for fun, both are great to do!"
,Recommended,235800,7671670,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Noah Shy™,"Just when you thought Audiosurf 1 was amazing, Audiosurf 2 comes with amazing graphics, workshop content, and more. I felt bliss."
,Recommended,235800,13954778,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Trickiert,"The best way to describe it it a ""modern"" iteration of the first game. It has steam workshop support for custom skins and modes as well as having direct steam integration makes it generally an improvement over the original.It also has soundcloud support so if you want to play a song from soundcloud then you've got the option.My only large criticism is that the options menu sucks."
76561198275858174,Recommended,235800,20723737,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,North,This is a really fun way of listening to music! :)
,Recommended,235800,14412036,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kazuki,"After a good second look of the game, I can find that there has been an incredible jump in development. Like WOAH. I was encouraged by Dylan, to take another look at the game to update my review, and hell. The menus are all neatly organized now, it's easy to navigate, it feels like it flows fantastically. I have to give it to them: Audiosurf 2 is a game I would recommend now. The work and interest of the development team shows behind it. I'm proud to own this game now and I hope more wonderful things will come. Thanks to Dylan for encouraging me to take another look, great job guys!"
76561198116427671,Recommended,235800,16164401,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Two-Bit,Sooooooo ♥♥♥♥ING FUN!!!
,Recommended,235800,16027194,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Porty6600,"Excellent! I've always been a huge Audiosurf fan, ever since Audiosurf Tilt came out for Zune HD. The 1.0 release has fixed everything I disliked about the Early Access version. Great game, well worth $12-15.Dylan Fitterer: Please, please, please make Audiosurf Tilt 2 and release it on iOS and Android. (And Zune HD lol!)"
,Recommended,235800,17358290,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,futo,"It is indeed an improved Audiosurf 1. It has better graphics, skin etc; and most importantly better sync with the songs.However I do find myself disliking some part of the game that I feel worth noting here.First, the absence of difficulty is awful; like I loved playing Eraser Pro for relaxed rides, and now I am forced to play what was called elite.Second, the spinny track for mono is a bit too much; especially when it's unfortunately placed in the climax, which pretty much guarantees a spike.Third, white block simulator and dead eraser. You'll get the idea.But to be fair here I still like this game and it is still an enjoyable game over all."
,Recommended,235800,16774974,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Konzu,"The music and interface are much better in this version than in Audiosurf 1 (besides the terribly obscure play button that was hard to find the first time). When I say the music is better, I mean it is much easier to find your own music or others through the soundcloud search feature. The scoreboard is much better as well and the interface is much more sleek and less jumbled like in Audiosurf 1. It would be nice if you could hit play with something other than the mouse like the spacebar or enter. I find myself hitting restart and then having to change my positioning on the keys to hit play to restart the song. I feel like this version is far improved upon the past game and I feel like it was well worth it. The workshop and the developer's own improvements make this game shine imo. The negative reviews of this game really started to turn me off in the beginning with rampart reports of bugs and no improvement from the original Audiosurf. After playing though, I feel like those reviews missed the mark and far over-exaggerated the issues this game has."
,Recommended,235800,10928667,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ThunderXPenguin,Audiosurf 2 + oculus = the most fun you will have while having a seizure.
,Recommended,235800,16033182,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Legalize Ranch,Amazing game! Works with any genre and super intuitive. Maps are surprisingly accurate to your itunes music that it's scary. With this technology I think we can do great things...
,Recommended,235800,16087984,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,AstroGirlBunny,"New to Steam. I first downloaded Drive Any Track. And loved it. I heard good things about Audiosurf 2 and was hoping it was even better, especially as it has been out for a long time and is very popular. I was disappointed. It really isn't a driving game and doesn't give you the same rush as Drive Any Track.Edit: I've changed my review to 'Yes' as it wasn't fair to compare it to another game that had different intentions. I've learned to like Audiosurf2 and now understand why it's popular. Great music and you can play from relaxing to difficult. Nice chill out game with lots of visual options."
,Recommended,235800,16096909,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Krisss,Addictive game :)
,Recommended,235800,7487231,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Qaunt Deeracula,when initially released: WHAT A LOAD OF GARBAGE HOW NOT TO PROGRAM CAMERA CONSTRAINTS AND WTF ARE THESE HITBOXES AND OH GOD TIMES NEW ROMANbut now: cool yo
,Recommended,235800,10274841,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Windy Nips,You can be a Bionicle 10/10
,Recommended,235800,10514449,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Rooyop,"I Gotta admit, i don't really enjoy many rhythm games. but audiosurf has been one of my favorties for a long time, now some people may say that audiosurf is boring, repititive and all the ""maps"" are the same. now while i do see where they are coming from with this i will have to disagree. let me get into more detail:8/10 Graphics: the game looks great, a vast improvement over the first, the colors are vibrant, it has a nice neon kind of look to it, and of course thanks to the community there are many custom skins. but there are problems with it. such as it can be a little bit disorienting to look at, the colors will sometimes hurt your eyes, but over all i can get over it.7/10 Gameplay: this is the slightly repititive part, depending on if you played the first or not is going to determine which mode you prefer, i myself like mono. but waveboard is pretty cool too. but i digress, this is a bit of a problem because some of the other gamemodes can be hard to grasp for newcomers to the series. people who have been playing for a while now, will be able to sit down and play pretty well. but for most people looking for a cool rhythm game may just want to use mono, this is why some people say it is repititive, because they just use mono. but most people do use the other gamemodes.?/10 Music: this one is entirely for you to determine whether it's classical, rock, metal, disco or dubstep. is your choice so i cant really rate this one.Glitches: now on to the glitches, there really aren't that many glitches. just a few with the menu screen and crashing on loading screens. such as when i pick a song sometimes it won't pick it and i go in and reselect the song and mode it still doesn't work. which means i need to restart. now the one on the loading screen has only happened once. it was loading and everything it started zooming in on me. and froze, i couldn't move. or pause the game and had to restart.Summary: overall the game is very much so worth the money, i enjoyed it quite a bit, it has great replay value, and the level generation is very good. i highly recommend buying this game if you have the money."
,Recommended,235800,16694431,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iPathos,"After spending a good 80 hours at least on the previous installment of the game, I do find this to be an interesting continuation. In some ways, I think it has bettered the game, though in other ways I also feel like it's lowered the overall difficulty. I was primarily a player of the ""Mono"" gamemode with Ironmode enabled and any way I play Mono on the second installment just does not include the same level of challenge. However, that does not prevent this version of the game being fun. It is easier to work with when changing game assets to theme the mode, it is much more visually pleasing and the menus are much more user-friendly than before.I just wish that the two would have some kind of amalgam-baby-game with the best of both worlds. I would happily pay $40+ for something of that caliber."
76561198267505930,Recommended,235800,28757661,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Seiyo,Masterpiece!
,Not Recommended,235800,22532554,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,CuteC,"Only great if have big playlistEdit:Bad cause many reasonsDethrone tabs are actually ♥♥♥♥ed up sometimes(can't even lead to the song when its a local version dethrone and you have the song)Local versions can be succumbed to different leaderboards,In the case where the same song, with the same encoding, can sometimes lead to different leaderboards if the album/contributing artist/title is slightly off by even a single letter .Even in the same leaderboards, there can be different block placements in the same leaderboards,making it different to secure thrones.Unable to make a casual run when you can't decide which song to play due to the removal of Random Songs tab.Extra minor things that could've been included but wasn't includes making a tab specially to see new comments/scores on leaderboard if you favourited the song or the ability to see past scores or the ability to share/private recent song scores"
,Recommended,235800,7755647,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pboy A.M.R.,"A great sequel, and now it has the steam workshop too! The new wakeboard mode is pretty fun and the game can run on high even if your pc isn't that strong, but it doesn't look like the Premium in Audiosurf 1."
,Recommended,235800,27644258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,a fire (vacation m8),"I don't get what the whole blabbering about youtube♥♥♥♥♥♥is about this game works perfectTL:DR; I freaking love rythme games, 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,32808445,Posted: 26 June,all,Avricity,"10/10 would rave againFor real though, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,235800,9077675,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,RocketRunner,"Thus far, compared to the first game, this game seems like a whole leap ahead. You got mod support, fan-made game modes, mods from the developer, and more. Admittedly, the more minimalistic, soundless menu may turn people off-it might feel a bit less bright than the original and I can't remember if sound effects can be changed like before. Also, there's no Vegas mode, which I fricking loved in the first game. Granted, it's probably still in Early Access, so both complaints will likely be addressed, but this game is at least as good as the first one, if not much better."
,Recommended,235800,10942910,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Brettle the Sandwich,"Seizure Simulator 2014, 10/10 would foam again."
,Recommended,235800,32956681,Posted: 28 June,all,Santi,Just... one... more... song...
,Recommended,235800,17738971,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sir Spudicus Esquire the Dragon,"For those of you who don't want to read a long review, here it goes.Audiosurf 2 is amazing.  It doesn't seem like much on the surface but once you get into it, it is great.  This game allows for a new discovery of the music you already own and allows you to discover new songs using soundcloud.  Having access to the Steam Workshop makes this game even better.  By default, the skins available are kinda cool but not that great but since downloading skins from the workshop, it is like a whole new game.  People have also modded new gamemodes so there are lots of modes you can do as well.  Overall, this game is awesome.  10/10 seriously.Now for a longer review...Do you have a large music library full of great songs that you just don't listen to anymore?  Then get Audiosurf 2.  Do you have music that you never listen to because games have their own music or because you just never feel like only listening to music?  Then get Audiosurf 2.  Do you just like music in general or games that use music?  Then get Audiosurf 2.Since I upgraded to Audiosurf 2 from Audiosurf, I have enjoyed this game immensely.  As I stated above, it is a game that can help you learn of new songs and rediscover old songs.  This game can make almost any song more fun, more worthwhile to listen to because the game itself compliments the music.  The tracks are created in such a way that while playing you can understand why the blocks are where they are and how to play the game better using this information.  The game even allows you to play songs that are not in your library with the use of Soundcloud.  You can search for and find many songs that are interesting and fun to listen to and to play.One big question I imagine many people have is whether Audiosurf 2 is worth the $15 and worth getting over Audiosurf 1.  In my opinion, yes.  I paid $15 for the game and have about 2.5 hours in the game and I already feel that I have gotten my money's worth in fun.Audiosurf 2, in my opinion, is also better than Audiosurf 1 and quite a bit as well.  Why? Soundcloud and the Steam Workshop.  Soundcloud I already mentioned and the Steam Workshop practically makes this game.  The modded gamemodes I haven't used much other than freeride (hit all blocks.  More exciting in my opinion than mono mode) but the skins on the Steam Workshop are incredible.  The modders have made the game so much more exciting and interesting and fun and crazy which just adds to the overall quality to the game.  The skins also don't change anything other than looks so it is still the exact same game but you might have sound bars on the side, more flashing colors, or different looking blocks and ships.  Audiosurf 2 also seems to put the blocks in at better places and has better performance than Audiosurf 1, so that is also a big plus.All in all, this game is great.  It makes music come alive in a fun way and is created using your music, not pre-picked music like in Rock Band or Guitar Hero.  The visuals are stunning and exciting, and the game makes listening to your music feel almost like a party.  You could also stream it through steam or twitch and have some friends watch so you can feel like you are the DJ at a party but with the most insane light show in existance.  It is just so much fun.I recommend this game 100% if you are a music fan.  Even if you were before but you are not so big into music now, this might help you get into music again.  I know it did that for me.  10/10 would DJ again.(sorry for the long review, I had a lot to say)"
,Recommended,235800,20025002,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sam,"its pretty fun, thats what im going to say."
,Recommended,235800,17624942,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,That Mo Guy,Being able to play songs directly off Soundcloud is the best thing to happen to Audiosurf. There is a functionally infinite number of Space Jam remixes available there. Do you really need anything else?
,Recommended,235800,8816394,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,מטסﬣ,"Turn your fave tunes in to wickedly addictive puzzles.Great game, lots of replay value while tripping the light fandango."
,Recommended,235800,16040455,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Darealdsisaac,"If you ever wanted to play Guitar Hero on PC, this is the best way. Tons of gamemodes, skins, and songs make this game well worth the money. It is not perfect though, as the game works best with electronic music or ""dubstep"" as some may call it. Being into EDM, (electronic dance music) (mcaT hype) I love this game. The bigger block are sometimes randomly placed, but this doesn't make the game bad. It looks great,play great, and is hard without making me rage quit. This is due to there not being a state of faliure. All in all, if you own your favorite music as MP3s (or you can find it on soundcloud) and have always wanted to play a game with that music, Audiosurf 2 is for you."
,Recommended,235800,10281980,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fugiogi,Very great game the only downside that ive seen so far is that wakeboard tutorial it is literally the worst tutorial ever.
76561198058582851,Recommended,235800,10430848,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TwoWorlds,This game is an interactive visualizer on steroids.
,Recommended,235800,7663540,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,ShyGuyLink,"Coming far from the original Audiosurf, these guys have done all the right things in revamping the style and making the game mod-friendly.This game is the best way to 'ride your music'."
76561198043873393,Not Recommended,235800,28893993,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Poopyface,"Fun game but after an hour the songs stopped loading. I would love to recommend this game because its fun and the visuals are great but it stopped working. Songs wont load. Even the suggested songs don't work for me anymore. Ive tried reinstalling and verifying cache, but nothing works. Too bad =/"
,Recommended,235800,33281025,Posted: 5 July,all,Friendship Is Magic,"For such a low price, this is one of the most fun things you can experience. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,235800,10257096,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pim #Baby Mario,10/10 supports mods and just updated
,Recommended,235800,16059645,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CarbonEd14,This game rocks:+ made by one single guy+ well designed+ great community+ works with every songs+ songs from SoundCloud+ addons+ lots of maps+ you can use a controllerWhat else? Just buy it if you want to chill alone and listen to some good vibes dude
,Recommended,235800,16621527,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),"This game is really fun to play with your own music. The mechanics are good but it's lacking in content. Not too many modes and skins that are actually worth using. I recommend getting it on sale. And if you own the first one and you're happy with what you've got, then you should'nt buy this one."
,Recommended,235800,23760144,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,peanutbutterjellypie,"now that you can actually hear audio in-game, i can actually rate thisthis game lives up to its predecessor in numerous ways, the tracks seem more in beat, different skins and game modes, and leaderboards / comments make this a true sucessor to the original audiosurffor only 5 dollars you really can't go wrong here"
,Recommended,235800,27294462,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nikita2337,I've been playing this game since before its release and it still feels fresh because of workshop and option to choose any song you like or even a youtube video.
,Recommended,235800,10622567,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kait Kat Senpai,"Like, omg. Paid $10 for this game and, even though it's in Early Access it is already super good! i've loved the first Audiosurf game and the second. This one is definatly my favorite! Like, buy. right, now."
76561198095153094,Not Recommended,235800,26396635,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,New update with youtube is booty if they change it back to soundcloud or maybe both youtube and soundcloud i would give it another go
,Recommended,235800,28852284,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dem0sin,Really nice upgrade from the first one.
,Recommended,235800,26405431,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,nateattacks,This is Guitar Hero and Rock Band for cheapskakes.Needless to say 10/10
,Recommended,235800,26189694,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,viad,"Audiosurf 2 is the sequel to the first Audiosurf game, and plays similarly in that regard. The sequel brings a load of nice updates, ranging from new and improved graphics, familiar and expanded gameplay, and the option of using user created mods. Fans of the first game should be at home with Audiosurf 2 with the core experience being the same. The new and exclusive features that are in the game make for a fun experience with your music, with more options to choose from than before.As a sequel to Audiosurf, gameplay is very much the same. Any song can be played, generating a unique track based on the song’s composition. New to Audiosurf 2 is the ability to stream music. This is a great option for those with small music libraries or those wanting to play a song they don’t have. There are two kinds of game modes in Audiosurf: Mono and Puzzle. In Mono modes the goal is to collect as many blocks and make big matches. In Puzzle modes, different colored blocks must be collected together to make a same colored match. Veterans of the first game should find the modes to be very similar, though there are a few unique differences. Overall, the game feels a tad bit slower and not as snappy in terms of speed. The time for when blocks get removed from the board is also longer than usual. New to a majority of the modes is the inclusion of a powerup on key parts of the track, greatly increasing your score based on how big of a match is on the board. There also tends to be a lot more blocks placed on the track, making it easier to score big matches in time. These subtle changes overall encourage filling up your board more and making big matches in all the game modes.In addition to the standard game modes, there are a few new modes made just for Audiosurf 2. Wakeboard plays like Mono, but with the ability to jump at the height of peaks to do tricks in the air. Aiming to get the most air is the best way to score big points in Wakeboard. Sprint turns the typical gameplay of Audiosurf into a simple 2 button runner game, with the goal being to dodge obstacles using the appropriate moves. The returning tweaked game modes are a fun and balanced way to play, while the new modes give something different for a new experience. All the game modes play great and should offer something for everyone wanting something tried and true or something more experimental in nature.The graphics got a well deserved update in Audiosurf 2, and the game’s appearance is both nice on the eyes and customizable to your liking. Right when you open the game, you are greeted with a menu showing 3 panes. These panes allow you to quickly change songs, game modes, and skins without digging through menus. It’s quite minimal in a way with things being simply laid out, but it’s helpful that the options are more streamlined to get you into the game with your music. The game’s visuals are more improved, showing more detail and having fancier effects when trying to collect blocks. There are various skins to choose from, greatly altering the appearance of the game. This customization is useful for those wanting a good looking style or something easier on the eyes. Overall, the graphics being updated is very nice. It’s quicker to get right into the action with your choices, and skins give the option of boasting gorgeous looking visuals or more distinct and clearer designs.Mods are an integral part of Audiosurf 2. Powered by the Steam Workshop, players can choose new game modes or skins to play with. Support for modding makes Audiosurf 2 a big step up from Audiosurf, giving more access for players to do what they want.  With modding support, Audiosurf 2 is now a platform to play your music on with any mode or skin, and the diverse ecosystem of different mods gives a huge amount of variety to pick from.At its core, Audiosurf 2 plays similarly to the first game. For those wanting familiar gameplay in a new package, this game offers a great way to play those game modes with a few tweaks and be able to play totally new ones as well. The graphical upgrade looks great, and modding support ensures lots of variety with new user made game modes and skins. Audiosurf 2 delivers the same kind of great gameplay with upgraded features, and has a wealth of mods to make things the way you want it to be."
,Recommended,235800,18385836,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Funaz,Play Audiosurf 2 with some Hardcore music and your life take a better way istantly.If you don't listen Hardcore try this:Thorax - Dark AngelMiss K8 - Metropolis of massacreAngerfist - Megamix 2011Korsakoff - Voices
,Recommended,235800,9228321,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Andrew C137,Very fun you can play songs that you have downloaded or from people you follow on sound cloud ( thats how i do it ) i give it a 10\10
,Not Recommended,235800,28998368,Posted: 3 January,all,The Duke of Argyll,"If you are a fan of Audiosurf, just go back and play it.  The game feels similar but the timing of the note blocks feels slightly off which makes the fun effect of playing a long with the song completely miss.  New skin is not as good as the old skin and game actually feels like it runs worse.  Play the original, it's still superior."
,Not Recommended,235800,10369078,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Vertx,"I've played over 135hrs of the original Audiosurf, I'm a mono player and look for complexity and speed in tracks.eg.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8BmQbm-bh0I've tried getting into this, I really have, but it's just not the same.The following is of course my personal opinion, but I'm sure many players who shared similar attachment to the first game will  have similar misgivings.Default mono feels slow, and it feels lame. I actually like the abundance of coloured tiles, but the way they are structured around large swathes of 'grey' tiles is really annoying at times. Seeing a coloured block in an impassable location, or multiple blocks on different routes just makes me frustrated.There are currently a lot of problems with tiny elements and interactions that feel wrong throughout the game. The pre-hit bounce that tiles have only serves to confuse the player, hit-detection feeling way too late (or far back) sometimes. I can't be certain whether it's the skins or the camera angle or the bounce, but it's frustrating.The lack of solidity and punishment that the new grey blocks have and it leaves me feeling jaded. They feel so inconsequencial that on most skins you can be unaware that you have even collided with them, you can slide through a solid wall of them without a care in the world.The default skins are overly shiny. Not in the consistent neon way that the original had, but the overwhelming, uncoherent kind. There are uneeded ugly white highlights on most of the tiles, some skins replace the grey blocks with random waveform shapes, others with ugly spheres. If you're a fan or readability do not play on the Stadium skin, it was so confusing and unplayable I almost gouged my eyes out.So, the default mono felt inconsequencial and slow, so after one song I unlocked turbo mono or whatever it's called, and this left me feeling even worse. I tried several songs, the first was beat-based and on every beat the character would be teleported a good portion down the track; not moved, teleported. The speed was so ridiculous on every beat that you'd have to line up everything beforehand and take wild swipes to try to hit something during the teleport. Hitting every block in an irregular pattern during a beat was actually impossible.So I tried another song, and it started really well, the song was a pleasant speed for me, the complexity reasonable, but oh no, then the song actually kicks in and I'm thrust down the track faster than I can actually comprehend patterns, let alone move the mouse. If I saw someone actually hitting every block down that track I would declare them the Messiah. Anyway, needless to say being unable to actually move the mouse side to side at the rate the blocks were coming down the track made the gamemode quickly unbearable.The guide for this mode reccomends choosing a slow song if you want to get stealth - alone. It's a sign of a non-functioning mode when you can't actually physically play the songs you listen to.There is currently no mid-ground.I am actually fond of the Hyperdrive 2 skin, it's a gorgeous barrage of colour whilst still being playable, props to the two who made it.But yeah, wrapping up, I am not fond of the direction this game has taken, I'm sure it'll get better throughout the rest of development, and there are many excusable things relating to its alpha state (like GUI and lack of modes, etc,) but currently it's way away from what I was looking for. I'll continue to come back to it and perhaps open mono turbo to try some snail-paced songs, but overall I'm going to stick with the original for now."
76561197975346360,Recommended,235800,9325544,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,PCMR | Evul,"Audiosurf 1 was great and I find AudioSurf 2  has great potential, however I think the bugs need to be worked out for Sound Cloud and more ways to customise your prefered way to play. I would reccomend this game but only if your an Audio Freak like me.play on!"
,Recommended,235800,17017447,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,「Lunamana」,i dont need help yetsee: my other review
,Recommended,235800,32732230,Posted: 24 June,all,Lord Selrahc,"Great for windows users, considering they can use online streaming. Unfortunately for people like me who have Linux (or mac), we don't have that. Unless you have a lot of local music to download, (or you're a pirate), you may want to reconsider. But if you're windows, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,235800,19889983,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,gjFhEYs,i enjoy this game
,Recommended,235800,18843203,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ixy,"Very well-made, syncs perfectly with the music, tons of eye candy-skins and many good gamemodes (you'll probably find at least one you like). Absolutely worth the money if you love music & flashing lights."
,Recommended,235800,18678404,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dóttir,"I've been playing Audiosurf for a couple of years and this follow up since Steam Early Access. Pick your favorite song, a wakeboard or a rocket and get cracking. It's superb!However, you can only choose the songs from your library, Audiosurf's Song of the Day and... SoundCloud. Not Spotify, iTunes, Lastfm, Google Play or other streaming services.Not even YouTube!The selection of music platforms is simply appalling.Unless you have 5000 mp3 files piled up in your hard drive, prepare yourself having to download each and every song."
,Recommended,235800,18997111,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Blackbird,Improvement over the original in every way. Custom modes/skins and finally .m4a support without QuickTime.
,Recommended,235800,18788252,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,9warbane,>Has Soundcloud support>It's full of weeaboo songs.No use fighting it.
76561198084407252,Recommended,235800,32753236,Posted: 24 June,all,PhobosV2,THIS IS HOW YOU DO A SEQUEL! 10/10 Amazing game!!
,Not Recommended,235800,26491856,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,domokomoromo,Bring back SoundCloud support.If you do that I will delete that bad review (this is first time I give bad review)
,Not Recommended,235800,26175819,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,DrZedicus,"This game is an absolute piece of shiiiet after the youtube update, stay far away from this ""game"""
76561198066248440,Not Recommended,235800,26594345,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Fargoth,"this was a good game, until the latest update that uses youtube and completely abandons soundcloud. while this is a nice idea as you can usually find a large amount of songs on youtube, this also makes it so you can no longer play songs that you could only find on soundcloud. i dont get why they completely removed soundclound integration and did youtube only. why not just keep both so you could have the best of both worlds?the worst part is that the youtube part brings a truck ton of more problems than it fixes. as many people have mentioned the distracting video still stays in the bottom right and never goes away. better yet is there is NO adblocking whatsoever which means that longer songs may have an ad completely intturupt it and text based ads will still pop up and will not go away for the duration of the song. Soundcloud didnt have ads so this was never a problem. Also annoyingly if you do not have a stable connection the video may buffer and disrupt the flow of the song which was never a problem in the past as it loaded the whole song before hand when it used soundcloud.As of right now the game is completely broken. 0/10 would not suggest to anyone"
,Recommended,235800,26922115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,glxy,♫
76561198039606728,Recommended,235800,23739714,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Slaves Beyond Death.,"Such an awesome game with so many cool modded tracks. It has one glaring issue and that's no Spotify compatibility!!!!!!!!!! This is only an issue because I listen to all my music digitally and don't have them stored on my pc, and also SoundCloud has much too small of a selection. I listen to lots of Metal! This doesn't have enough. With what it does have and at 5 bucks it's a great game."
,Recommended,235800,25473199,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Name Jeff,"There's no better videogame to play music with than this game. The visuals and patterns are spot on, and is a great game to play to pass time."
,Not Recommended,235800,27708980,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CorruptTempest,Want to change your settings? Too freaking bad! It just locks up and goes total retard. The whole thing is buggy and slow. My computer is more than enough capable to play this simple thing too. I'm glad I only spent some change on this hunk of disappointment.
,Not Recommended,235800,21193341,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Schlan,:^(
,Not Recommended,235800,28895487,Posted: 1 January,all,Go Go Gadget Sweaty Spaghetti,"When I went into this game, I already had over 40 hours in my Audiosurf (1) game and I was beyond excited about Audiosurf 2.In addition to the tone of the game changing in such a dramatic way that I couldn't even play it, there were too many options for game play; all of which that just throw you in and expect you to know what you're doing (disclaimer: yes, they do explain briefly before each mode how to play it, but never with keystrokes or anything!)It didn't have the element that I loved so much from my years of Audiosurf 1. The layout is confusing and misleading, I kept getting lost trying to play the game, and I kept picking modes and then realizing that I didn't know how to play them because heck tutorials, amirite?1/10, wish my hype lived up."
,Recommended,235800,8673069,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Celador,"Since its appearance in a store it had almost a dozen updates and now you are able to play most of the original modes with updated graphics and some new twists in a gameplay. Unfortunately - there isn't much to distinguish it from the original audiosurf. Multiplayer co-op would've been nice as well.If you do not own audiosurf 1 - you should definitely buy audiosurf 2, otherwise you might want to hold on to your money for the moment."
,Recommended,235800,16015402,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SteeScribbles,"Audiosurf 2 feels like an expansion of the first game, with an emphasis on user generated content, from custom skins to even game modes. There are some lovely visuals pre-installed, including the ""Mystical"" skin, which is by far my favourite. Soundcloud support is also available, so gameplay is no longer limited to the amount of songs on your computer's hard drive and the online available songs.Some mods can enhance the game, while others can make it a buggy experience, and that's the fun part. Seeing what skins other users create, and slamming them together with a customized mode, such as Ninja Turbo, or the new Wakeboarding mechanic, means infinite possibilities and thousands of ways to play. The Steam Workshop support is this game's godsend, allowing easy creation and sharing of user generated content, free to download.Here's a little look at the fully released version of the game, with Ninja Turbo and Mystical mods set.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyXp2_fwhpw"
76561198069537368,Recommended,235800,12842376,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EGG,"Very fun, Very nice....I like itttttt"
,Recommended,235800,23763459,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gay Bacon,There is no reason not to get this. ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,235800,13995973,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,st0vep1pe,"Amazing game, can't recommend it enough.It makes entertaining levels out of any musical genre, while other similar games (like Riff Racer) often struggle to make their levels fit to classical music. The mod support is superb and makes replaying a track with a modded gamemode a lot of fun. It also has a quality Linux client."
,Not Recommended,235800,9488254,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Daiman,"Audiosurf 1 offers the same ammount of content minus the workshop, which offers only skins and little things here and there. The biggest plus of this game are the improved algorithms, but nothing more. Majority of people play audiosurft in the Mono mode, which is the same apart from retexturing. Not worth the money at least not now combined with the HORRIBLE UI which lags, crashes and isn't done. However this game is in early access and so it is forgiven. Not worth the money right now though"
,Recommended,235800,25734984,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yatzie,It is better than an acid trip thats for sure
,Recommended,235800,18544762,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Edtron,"Audiosurf 2It's not Osu!, but it will do.Pros:Addictive gameplay.Workshop is available.Amazing visual effects.Play your own personal music.Cons:SoundCloud is the only music streaming service available.Overall Rating:8/10"
,Recommended,235800,18688196,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Glyde [Seizure],BESS GAME EVER!!! WOULD LIVE IN IT!!!
,Not Recommended,235800,25915911,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Purplator,Doesn't work
,Not Recommended,235800,33031637,Posted: 30 June,all,shadowscott96,its just not as good as the first one... and since theyre the same game pretty much. i cant reccomend this one.
,Recommended,235800,30301772,Posted: 3 March,all,Stonky,Line Rider for Adults10/10
,Recommended,235800,32593498,Posted: 20 June,all,Rednaz,Great for boredom
,Recommended,235800,11318650,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Tp Hl Nepu,Hmmm hyvää surffia
,Not Recommended,235800,18754588,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,rat king,same game
76561198058077864,Not Recommended,235800,33559056,Posted: 15 July,all,MrNuts70,If you can get past the fact that this game used to bea hell of alot better than it is now due to using Youtube.We now have to watch the video while playing the gamewhich means everything in that video is now apart of the run.Also it appears that achievements are not working now too.I want to recommend this game but I will not until thedeveloper Dylan Fitterer comes back and addresses these issues.Please dont ignore fans of your great games!!
,Recommended,235800,20689512,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mozzie,"Very fun if you love music, and fast paced games! I love having my music infused and be a part of my game rather than just listening while playing something totally un-related (\^~^/)"
,Not Recommended,235800,10267495,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,WooTs,I should have read reviews before buying this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198200723198,Not Recommended,235800,23845263,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SuperFresh (G.E.W.P),"Either buy it on sale or buy the first one. I feel like too much was changed in this and that the original did much better. The gamplay feels too fast with too many times were I can bearly tell what's happening on my screen, you could play something super calm sounding, and the game will make it go down in a barrage of random stuff. I just want to also say for a second how ruined the way you're penalized for hitting the wrong block, now instead of having a road block that stops your ability to get a higher combo for a while, they just destroy the block in that row, and each song has a never ending ♥♥♥♥♥torm of them. It's not like if you're in a energetic part of the song and suddenly there's a whole lot more of them, like in the first one, instead, there's a freaking♥♥♥♥♥♥load of them in a straight line every second, and you go so fast that when you do hit them, that it would be too late too get out of the way and now you're entire combo row of blocks is gone in an instant. But with a more lengthy amount of interesting game modes, while I personaly don't like some them, give more replay ability for each song. So either get it on sale or get the first one."
,Not Recommended,235800,16427980,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,David S. Pumpkins!,"Pass it up for now.This game has a TON of potential, but as it stands, isn't worth it, even on sale price. It's a shame really. It's basically Audiosurf 1 with flashier colors and less features. Maybe later it would be better but for now it's ehh. It shouldn't have left Early Access because it's incomplete as it stands. I liked the visuals at first but they became really headache inducing (No, I don't suffer from seizures or motion sickness) and actaully subtracted from the experience. As a huge Audiosurf 1 fan I can safely say pass it up for now."
,Recommended,235800,10240764,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,"Its a horrible game for the average braindead person who expects to get a fully polished game just by buying it.That being said, its a fun and worthwhile game if you take your time to find and set up mods and skins to your liking.There is literally no reason not to prefer AS2 to AS1, as, at least as far as im concerned, every single mode from AS1 that is not in the official list has already been recreated for AS2 (that being said, i didnt really like most modes in AS1 anyways, i mostly played mono and vegas)Also there is a skin with a flying pony. So theres that."
,Not Recommended,235800,18801435,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Wanderer 🦑,Its a huge step backwards from the original Audiosurf.Better get Audiosurf 1 and ignore this game.
,Recommended,235800,11208237,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ayy lmao (Will),Best early access game on steam
76561198083189135,Not Recommended,235800,28534559,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dieonyx,This was good at first but now it sucks. it was good and actually played when it used soundcloud and i understand if they got in truble for useing it but as far as i know they did not so now if you want to play a song you have to have a video play in the corneor of the screen causing a distraction from gameplay and no way to turn of the video and just play the song. Now the menu's are broken and it could just be my game messing up but nothing works anymore. i want to play a song after just starting it up well you got to close the game then run it again and when i have finished a song hitting the OK button in the scorboard menu after the song does nothing so i have to hit retry what for the game to tak a long time to load just to get back to the menu and for me its a 50-50 chance that it will let me pick another song or have to restart the game to pick another one. So overall It was good on realese now its not worth the 14.99. I love this game wich hurts to say but is true i would get a refund if i could.P.S.these problems could be just my copy of the game but if you do get there game make it audio surf 1. you will have to use downloaded songs but it works and is a garante work but do with what i said as you will.
76561198041995313,Recommended,235800,9179104,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,The Little Zergling,SPEEEEEDDDD!!!Dragonforce/Imagine Dragons
,Recommended,235800,7896330,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,blakcat.,I TOTES BE TRIPPIN
76561198014146141,Recommended,235800,10273298,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Now you can play music higher than 1 hour.+Blinding colors.+Faster loading+Easier ship handing+Better Menu+Better music searching-Tile/ball design-Game stopped responding message after exit
76561198091267317,Recommended,235800,16264544,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mirron d'Argent,"Even if you haven't played Audiosurf 1, this game is easy to understand, learn and master. It looks nice, you can nearly play every song and even if you play songs over and over it never gets boring.I do have a problewm though. I bought this game today and in the beginning everything was fine, but because i don't play games but I live games, I played this a lot. Suddenly, it crashed. Weird, but i just started up over and it looked good. Then it began crashing more and more as I took songs either from my own downloads or after browsing songs. After a few times of restarting my computer it still doesn't seem to go well. Now, I can play maybe 1 song before it crashes at the second one I play. Anyone have a solution or does it have yet to come?"
76561198008069992,Recommended,235800,23764694,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hoplite,This is just great.
76561198033992409,Recommended,235800,11395904,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Zafkiel,This game has given me so many hours of fun and i'm still not bored (AND I NEVER WILL BE)The people who made this game are oficialy awesome!
,Not Recommended,235800,7736801,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,«§»SpaceNarwhal,"I think they took the ""surf"" part of their name too literally.It's really not as good as the original was...They added more ""eh"" features to a good game and just watered down the good-ness...I still play the old one more than this...Don't get me wrong, this isn't a ""bad"" game, but it's certainly a bad sequal.If you have to choose, get Audiosurf, If you already have Audiosurf, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,235800,17526826,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,scartino 神,"Let the game of modders begin !This is the closest way you can get to your favourite music genre, you can almost feel it or touch it.I've always liked this concept since the very first release of Audiosurf back to 2008.Nothing you could play allday long, more like few songs a day but it's totaly worth it."
,Recommended,235800,7309467,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Fiskander,This game is worth every penny
76561198128317683,Recommended,235800,17590216,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Neko | 夢,Very good to relax.
,Not Recommended,235800,10254555,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,𝕾𝖆𝖙𝖆𝖓,"It looks really cool, but that's about it. Just buy  the original - it's a much better game."
,Recommended,235800,9226308,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Handsomest Jack,a really good game if ya just want to chill out and listen to your tunes or it can get raelly fast paced and challenging all in all a good game.
76561198118316757,Not Recommended,235800,26221256,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,VerticalGirl,"Thanks to the YouTube update I can't play any songs AT ALL. The videos won't load. Bring back the soundcloud streaming, honestly. I used to enjoy this game, but the update ruined it."
,Recommended,235800,26905731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Franco playing ps4,This game maaaan! Get laid and enjoy the music ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,235800,10374517,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tricky,LSD Sim 10/10
,Recommended,235800,9468826,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,camperdave614,"Audiosurf1 has finally been dethroned. This version is now stable, and you can do everything that the old one has, with mods and skins and a steam-name high score board."
76561198078851079,Recommended,235800,10682788,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ThisCrazyCow,Great game to play> It's how I now decide what music I listen to and generally it's now how I listen to my music. I find the challange very fun and with the recent update where my friends and I can challange each other makes it very competitive. All in all a great game other than the fact it cannot read disks like the first one but I have hopes
,Not Recommended,235800,16034753,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,JimboLimbo,"This is not a finished game!Disclosure: This is a review after playing the mono modes for 2 hours, I have not played the puzzle modes since they weren't my thing in the first game.It's sad to see that this game has fallen victim to the same trap that other Early Access titles fall into. The developer gets their reward before the game is completed, sapping their motivation to get it done.I decided to take the plunge (albeit blindly and impulsively without looking at any reviews) and bought the game now that it's out of it's early access.The first thing you'll immediately notice when you boot up the game is that there is no menu music. I don't think i've ever played a game with a silent menu. I wasn't even sure my sound was working until I got into a song.The second thing you'll notice is that the user interface and all the menus are TERRIBLE. These are menus that you'd expect to see during the first draft of a game's development. At the end of the song, the OK button doesn't even have centered text. The buttons are flat and boring, with some things such as the results screen having barren, awful whitespace. It's amazing how a game with such beautiful in-game gameplay could have such ugly, non-functional, unfinished menus.There are no options at all for controller configuration. I had an xbox wireless reciever/ps3 drumset dongle plugged in when I booted the game and it immediately led to problems until I unplugged them. In general the options are completely barebones.The music browser is plain horrible. From what I saw, you can't even choose a default folder to grab your music from and you have to browse through from the root of the drive to get to your music folder.The game's best feature, the choice of beautiful new skins, doesn't even have a random button! You have to manually go in and change the skin before each song.Talking about gameplay, it still has all the same problems that plagued the first game. There is very little feedback to the point where I can't even tell half the time if I'm messing up and hitting the spikes. The song doesn't go silent or even give a loud enough negative feedback sound for me to tell that I hit the spikes most of the time.I'm not sure if it's just Audiosurf's thing, but to me, Rhythm games should make you feel engaged with the song, giving positive and negative feedback as you play. I understand that this is nearly impossible in the puzzle modes, but there's not much of an excuse for mono modes.There's two types of rhythm games, ones that you play while listening to music, and ones that make you feel like you're playing the music. Typically ones that have auto generated gameplay from any song fall into the category of the former. The first Audiosurf proved it could get really close to being the latter. This game continues that trend, where it definitely is teetering on the edge of making you feel like you're playing the song rather than playing the game with the song in the background.The feedback you'd expect from a rhythm game is just not there. You don't get to see your previous scores while browsing through your music, and even more pathetic is the results screen at the end of the song. There are three values, at least in the basic modes, raw score, bonus, and final score. Where the heck are the other stats?Most importantly (talking mono mode) where is the total number of blocks you hit out of the total, and where is percentage score for the song? The game still doesn't feel tense enough without a combo system that is present in almost every rhythm game ever. You don't need to change how the scoring works, just give us positive reinforcement while we play and maintain a streak of not missing any blocks/not hitting spikes in mono mode. (50x Combo! 100x Combo!) etc.There's a ""live highscore"" feature which seems completely unfinished given that it doesn't have a number next to where you are showing your placement online, so you have no real clue what place you're fighting for.The only hugely positive thing I can say about this game is that the choices for skins are amazing, both varied and beautiful which really sets it apart it from the first game. The ability for user mods is also a great plus, as some of the user made skins are almost as good as the default ones.It's such a shame that this game fell into the Early Access trap. Rhythm games are my favorite genre and Audiosurf was the first steam game I ever bought. For the 2 hours that I played,  I felt I was enjoying a an alpha version of a game that would eventually become amazing, but instead is touted as being a finished game right now.Don't make the same mistake I did, if you see a game that was in Early Access before or is still in Early Access, do your research before purchasing."
,Recommended,235800,8671487,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,lotuseater,its like 1 more than Audiosurf 1
,Recommended,235800,16040230,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SkayRack,"Basically, yourideyour music, it creates an entire track for you to ride on with various different game modes.Compared to the first Audiosurf, this game made a lot of improvements. The UI is smooth and much more easy to navigate, really user friendly. It really syncrozines with the music that you choose, spot on. Tired of the same ol' look and the same gamemodes? Mods are supported here. Endless music, endless skins, endless modes, endless fun. Worth the penny in my opinion."
,Recommended,235800,8916137,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ventisca - Ikari,Oh.  My.  God.They took my favorite music toy and made it even better.
76561198213734155,Recommended,235800,23463073,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ThunderBear24,I loved the concept of literally surfing my favorite songs :D
,Recommended,235800,26191148,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gouda Gus,"Love the new update, makes it so much faster to find a song you like without having to download it through youtube. One suggestion, would like to see a live coop/vs mode via internet."
,Recommended,235800,9906118,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,DOA,Closest thing to an orgasam without actually cuming.
,Recommended,235800,30112352,Posted: 22 February,all,hλlf life 3,earrape is fun to play to
76561198155489275,Not Recommended,235800,25957557,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,190137,"The game is ok, but the first audiosurf is better, cheaper, and easier to use."
,Recommended,235800,16299747,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,demon ♠ janitor,ninja mode can lick my butt. 11/10.
,Recommended,235800,16282823,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mike,"Part two of best mp3 player on Earth, worth every single Pesos spent~8/10"
,Recommended,235800,16491977,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chris,"Bought this because the original was fantastic. While this game has great potential, I still prefer the original. This version is complicated. The UI is confusing. The learning curve from the original is substantial. Major differences.If you didn't play the original, these things may not bother you as much. It's definitely a great game, and I will continue to play it. For an early access, this game is definitely 8/10."
76561197970529119,Recommended,235800,16180098,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Static10101,"Excellent musical immersion experience.It does exactly what it claims to do--and it does it very well.  The vast combination of modes and skins offers seemingly endless landscapes to explore for each song.  Beautiful visuals, competitive and casual leaderboards, fantastic couch co-op... all in a very polished and easy to navigate application.9.75/10 - The only thing missing right now would be something like what Beat Hazard offers as far as being able to connect to internet radio stations and such, however this does have a somewhat reliable ""song search"" feature."
76561198269041088,Recommended,235800,27524774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ken,"I dunno if it is fair to call this a game.....I am really not sure how to classify it in that sense......If you are the ype of person that sits down to listen to music from time to time i would definitely suggest you try this out.It's like an activity that enhances music. I like it a lot and from what I have seen so far with YouTube and Workshop integration, it is the kinda thing that I will play in shortbursts forever.While I dunno whether to call it a game or an activity, I will certainly call it cool!"
,Not Recommended,235800,32557972,Posted: 18 June,all,[PFD] buildbot_winslave,"Used to be good, then youtube streaming was broken in an update - only worth purchasing if you have lots of local music. Not really as good as the original anyway..."
,Recommended,235800,25894936,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sunny D,"""No dude, like, the music IS the game man""""Whoah dude"""
,Recommended,235800,10091513,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Big Funni,"its all you ever wanted, surfing your audio and its the second time"
,Not Recommended,235800,18139610,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Hamsteak,"Just play the first one, honestly, it's better and runs faster than this s***."
,Recommended,235800,9660354,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Bat Chain Puller,I like listening to music and moving little ships to collect sqaures..... this game is pretty good
,Recommended,235800,15434173,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,God of Cummies,"The wakeboard mode is currently a little wierd and the Audiosprint one is just a pain, but the original modes and visuals are greatly improved. I can acctually play this game properly because being colorblind caused the coloured blocks to look the same as the grey ones for me about 1/3 of the time in the original Audiosurf."
76561198143958006,Recommended,235800,15409935,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Beau0708,Goes well with hard drugs.
,Recommended,235800,32887328,Posted: 27 June,all,Nitro 😻,has music
,Not Recommended,235800,10025365,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mr. Fried Biscuit,"Have an integrated graphics card that Steam games often default to causing them to be nearly (if not entirely) unplayable?Don't purchase this.""Oh wait I'll just switch it to my normal GPU manually. That should work right?""Cannot find SteamExiting in 9-8-7tl;drThis game is garbage in its current state."
,Not Recommended,235800,10474577,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,rocky,"Very badly programmed game. Ugly, buggy and nonintuitive UI, weird modes. Audio Surf 1 was much better :/ Waste of money. Sorry"
,Recommended,235800,19975521,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TCG,"It's a great sequel! No questions asked!If you've played the original Audiosurf, you're going to love Audiosurf 2.There's way more gamemodes, free music to play to (meaning you don't need your own music anymore to play), and there's now Steam Workshop suppor!If you haven't played Audiosurf before, you should seriously get this game. If returning Audiosurf players, you may never go back to the original after playing this one. XD"
,Not Recommended,235800,9732908,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Caine,"This game has so much potential, but in this early stae, there are several game breaking bugs. If you want to play this game (or very simmilar) i reccomend buying the original, and waiting for the full release."
,Recommended,235800,8549367,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,PopNotes,"Improves on every single aspect of the original Audiosurf and adds so much more. Plus, the addition of workshop was a genius idea.Give it a little longer so the rest of the bugs can get churned out. 8/10."
76561197991385469,Not Recommended,235800,7910321,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dreckiger Dan,Ruined Keyboard GameplayAudiosurf 1 was better♥♥♥♥♥♥jumps everytime back to mid if you release the button
,Not Recommended,235800,29153212,Posted: 9 January,all,autistic cuckold445 csgoroll.com,"streaming is absolutely broken. seems kind of odd, especially since the last update was in september. hope the developer can make this right. Please don't implement broken features in the future before removing ones that work fine."
,Recommended,235800,8194470,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zeitgeist,WHOA WHAO WAWHOAWHAOA MORE FLASHY LIGHTS M8
,Recommended,235800,13925320,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cahopontas,"Causes shortness of breath comparable to a shroom trip, CTS symptoms and excessive sweating.8 seizures out of 10."
,Recommended,235800,16944121,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Falanukki,"A perfect game for those, who need something new to their music. Audiosurf 2 brings the life in your favourite songs with a rally twist, in which you can enjoy neon colors and focus on fast reactions. The music just makes the ""driving"" even more fun. The game itself isn't complicated and works on pretty old-fashioned computers too, it's basically enjoyable even if you play with a potato. (Like me)Anyhow, the leaderboards are nice; in case you want to race against others on your favourite songs - or you can just choose a chill driving mode and just enjoy the flow. I've spent hours in this without noticing and it's definately worth every penny."
,Recommended,235800,10435907,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Destado1,What's better than Audiosurf? Audiosurf 2!
,Recommended,235800,29305916,Posted: 16 January,all,Serrbal,Awesome
,Recommended,235800,23967386,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Great Fear (rarely online),Imagine playing this if someone was high. Just think about it.
,Recommended,235800,28768568,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BOMMER899,i highly recommend this game you can ride the waves of many songs including:- The Black Parade- Rolling iin the 90s- The audio portion of the bee movieand any audio track you can think off
,Not Recommended,235800,25880405,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TawnyGirl,"Couldnt even play one song, tried clicking a bunch of stuff, so whatever new update you did to it messed it all up. Every time i hit play it wouldnt budge from the home screen, but it wasnt frozen. -100/10 Would not recommend."
,Recommended,235800,25486635,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ScoobeeDoobie,if you like music and arcade games get it
76561198066055569,Recommended,235800,25432231,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Muckifant,"is gut game you like this is funy. trust me im melawn, this is beter thean thos oter musigams and not shid likt bit hazerd or other shid.bye.PS: Haha i play audisuff pls sry."
,Recommended,235800,13731859,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pokè ツ,Pro:-Can play mp3 files over 59:59 in lengthCon:-Framerate isnt consistent
,Recommended,235800,13945025,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Autoflame,"You really can't go wrong with this, unless you're a Juggalo."
76561198006288599,Not Recommended,235800,19358612,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"I'll be honest. I have no idea what I'm doing when I play this. It's awesome that it uses music in my library, but I have no idea how to play this. There's no tutorial and it just kind of throws you to the wolves. I do know this. You don't collect every node you come across. I think it's the colors that matter, but Idk. Is it fun? I guess so... meh, I'll it a 3/10 until I can figure out what the heck I'm doing."
,Recommended,235800,19878061,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,IV,"Great Game! There Are Infinite Amounts Of WAys To Play, Every Song On The Internet, And It's Very Fun To Play. However, There Is A Glitch That Makes The Full Version Act Like The Demo. Does Anyone Know How To Fix This?Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,235800,19904330,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DELETE,"Even better than the first one.Amazing visuals, great gameplay and MODS TO MAKE EVERYTHIGNH MOAR BEAUTIFUL OMGG!!!! BUY DIS"
,Recommended,235800,20024930,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MTS,"This game is probably the best 'music' game I have ever played. There are a ton of different gamemodes, different themes and infinite possibility with this title. I'd like to think this game would be a lot better with a larger community, but in its current state it's more than playable and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,235800,20126016,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JAJO,Best game ever. 10/10 [Epilepsy intensifies]
,Recommended,235800,20617451,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ClockworkPumpkin,This game is super cool and I love it. That's pretty much it. 10/10 Best game.
,Recommended,235800,19531270,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,FANG ARAN,"I love this game, evryone should have this in their library!"
,Recommended,235800,20532139,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lovely Icecream Princess Sweetie,"Audiosurf 2 is one of the best Rhythm games here on steam. With full controller support and eye-appealing seizuring graphics, what's not to love about this game?MY EYES...MY EYES THEY BURN.Oh and you can connect your soundcloud here, which is super cool."
,Recommended,235800,19352791,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Queasy Moan,Really Fun Game If Not As Fun As The First. From The Workshop And The Skins Its AMAZING! A Must Buy!
,Recommended,235800,21072291,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,sooew,this game is better than first 1 but need improvement-Need better design on Main Menu-Youtube Support Music- Need better LeaderBoard-More Achievementsry my bad english
,Recommended,235800,19813216,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Capp Atlas?,"So much love for this game. A customizable music visualizer, with some cool mechanics that make every play session different from the last.One of the best competitive games out there. Also, Soundcloud compatibility."
76561198087889236,Recommended,235800,19374608,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,spahp,"I LOVE THIS GAME.My absolute favorite trope in gaming is Variable Mix. The music changes depending on the current situation. Technically, Audiosurf 2 is the reverse, but THIS GAME IS VARIABLE MIX INCARNATE. Everything, I repeat, EVERYTHING is improved over the original Audiosurf. The graphics, the gameplay, the FRAMERATE (God I wish every game was optimized like this) just everything! Modding allows users to have different ways to play and different art styles of the graphics to see. Any sound file works so if you have songs downloaded on your computer you can play them right away! If not, there's soundcloud intergration so you can search up whatever you like! I'll admit though, searching upexactlywhat you want is a little finicky since the in game search engine oddly limits how many results show up. Getting on the leaderboard is tons of fun too, as you can leave a comment to either taunt the lower scores or praise the ones above you. With a new song being highlighted every day there's always something to play. Overall, Audiosurf 2 recieves all the reccomendation I can give.10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10."
,Recommended,235800,17759310,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Jigeast,It's a fun game. I love to play it when I want to listen to music and feel like doing something with my hands ^^
,Recommended,235800,21011136,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Theanine,"A very awesome game to play when you want to relax and wind down with some of your music library.Audiosurf 2 is significant improvement over the predecessor in terms of visuals, user interface, and more. Above all though, the extensive mod support is what makes this game really special - you can download dozens upon dozens of new (and free!) level skins that completely transform the way the game looks. On top of that, there are also user-created gamemodes that add new gameplay mechanics. The replayability of Audiosurf 2 is seemingly endless as a result. Well worth the asking price."
76561197974947034,Recommended,235800,19060117,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,メイソン,"Audiosurf is back! Improved track generation algorithm alone makes this a worthy upgrade. SoundCloud integrated, now you can ride podcasts."
,Recommended,235800,19317757,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,^9Takuma Nuva,"If you're really into your music, Audiosurf 2 is a great way to mix a music visualizer with a racing/puzzle game. There are leaderboards, you can challenge your friends to specific songs, Soundcloud support, and even free songs to try out every day. The Workshop mod support is also great for finding additional game modes and skins. A great sequel and a great game."
,Recommended,235800,20374601,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Star Platinum,Audiosurfing for me has been awfully pleasant with lots of customizability and it seems to suit anyone regardless of music preferences. Worth the price if you like to listen to music!
,Recommended,235800,20513845,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mini Dew,"It's the same as the first game, but different, but still sameIf you like music, it's a game for youIf you have a good computer, get this one, if not, get the first oneOnly real complaint is that regardless of what song I play there is always a quick downward section in it somewhere. I was playing a slow guitar ballad and the game thought the ending was a quick, brisk section and for that reason I was unable to take the lead by 3 points9/10 would acid trip again"
76561198153456482,Recommended,235800,26607999,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheSolarCat,"Title correction: ""Guitar Hero"""
,Recommended,235800,27488506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪NightCor_,"If you want something to do in your free time this is it!the game has soundcloud support so you don't need to download the songs you want to play.there are also mods for if you want a bigger challenge.you can also play it with friends, (it's not supported) but you can start together and play. (the player with the most points win)."
,Not Recommended,235800,25975340,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mulan's Sweet and Sour Ass,Buy the first one.
,Recommended,235800,27698013,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cillitbang4ever,"Like the first one, but faster on tracks that would have been slow on the first game. Like the first game, it offers pretty much unlimited replayability seeing as you can play your entire song collection, and it gives you a new way to experience songs you love."
76561197978381846,Recommended,235800,16019255,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cageymaru,Really fun rhythm game.  You collect the colored squares and avoid the spikes.  The game places the color blocks according to the beat of the music that you're playing.  The music in the game is fun!  You're going to enjoy this one!
76561197964679564,Recommended,235800,19914705,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Trevor Reznik,"10/10 Amazing gameLoved the point where ""Fallout"" by Audio broke the track."
,Recommended,235800,29110952,Posted: 8 January,all,bo77om,"this game should be called ""The road to Epilepsy 2""fun and cool tho."
,Recommended,235800,13788617,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,alexadimundi,Takes audiosurf to the next level with mods and all that jazz
76561198049088317,Recommended,235800,13882761,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Riah,"Highly recommended. I reminds me of a game I played when I was a kid, but I love the fact that I can use my own music. Very addictive."
,Recommended,235800,14614762,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pizzarous,"If you liked Audiosurf 1, you will love this one since it adds workshop support which brings a lot of new possibilities"
,Recommended,235800,16228044,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,c0wb3ll,"Too much emphasis on new skins, not enough on the basics. Audiosurf 2 cannot search your personal mp3 library by tags. If you haven't already meticulously placed your mp3's in a folder tree representing genres, artists, and albums, you're boned."
,Recommended,235800,8557649,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Portal Mario,The Effects are Fantastic and the Gameplay is AmazingOnly the bouncing waves are not so rhythmic as in Audiosurf 1
76561197976598016,Recommended,235800,25961810,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Apache Wizard,it works with any song on YOUTUBE now get it damn it!!
76561198066280150,Not Recommended,235800,26447974,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Special_opps,"You know something? I absolutely love audiosurf 2. Those of you reading this right now may ask, ""Why not recommend the game, then?"" Well, much like may other reviews before me have already pointed out, the latest update to this game broke it.When the developers switched over from soundcloud to youtube, you'd think they would have checked for bugs here and there. Nope, there are bugs all around and crawling into your ears. What once had perfect audio quality and playback now has severe stuttering issues not even 10 seconds into a song. I try to even use one of the lowest quality, lowest resolution skins I can find on the standard mono mode, and the game still lags to no end. This greatly impacts gameplay, especially when the game relies on music to function. The stuttering affects the advancement of the track itself, and there are frequent stops that will randomly occur without any kind of warning save the knowledge that they are now the norm.If you ever feel like changing your settings, don't. The way things stand now, you will be trapped in the menu and be forced to restart the game again. They lined up the youtube video playback with the settings menu close button, and when you try to click on the close button it just opens up ads in your browser.Before update: 9/10I'm like IGN, you gotta pay me for a perfect rating.After update: N/AYou can't really rate a game that you don't have the capability of playing.So if any of you know the developers, have any way of contacting them (whether it be through social media or otherwise), or are working on this project, then please help me to get this message across more thoroughly: If it ain't broke, don't try fixing it only to ♥♥♥♥ it up worse than should be humanly possible."
,Not Recommended,235800,26565354,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EinsDarkSky,I really did try and love this game like I did Audiosurf 1.  The joy of the 1st game was in its simplicity. This just muddles it all up. The game isn't terrible just not good.
,Recommended,235800,22055711,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,real smokepurpp,"Ah, Audiosurf. The game where you can fly through a color changing track while collecting colored blocks and avoiding spikes all based on your favorite music. You can also discover music while picking a track in the featured songs. However, I haven't really found any music I really like in featured. I think it'd be necessary to add an option to find music via Soundcloud based on the music you seem to like playing. The actual gameplay is just a cool as Audiosurf, and it's a little smoother, at least for me.The other gamemodes are fun as well, but basic Mono and Casual satisfy just as much anyway. Although Audiosurf 2 brought in new stadiums, Classic stadium is still the best. The music is a lot more enjoyable in Classic, and in Mono mode. Any music fits in Classic stadium, which is nice for me.If you like music in a sense more than listening, and want to have some fun with it, then this game is for you. If you just want to ride the tracks with your music and don't really want any extra stadiums or gamemodes, get Audiosurf. If you like multiple gamemodes and stadiums, then get this one. It's lots of fun."
,Recommended,235800,16469691,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Best Drink AU,It's a musical acid trip.uhh yeah acid tripget it
,Recommended,235800,33480897,Posted: 12 July,all,Spooky Doggo,Audiosurf 1 but better. (Except for the occasional UI glitch)
,Not Recommended,235800,24632087,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Forger7,"This game is simply not working on a Linux machine meeting all the requirements and the developer is silent about it as he seems to care about other games. Sad, as I was an audiosurf 1 enthusiast, but that’s life, right?"
76561198040060894,Recommended,235800,18754674,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,QueSera,"If you have ever wonder how it feels to be all 'alone', cruising on a long-winded journey and listening to your favorite songs on audio player. And, while you're enjoying the music playing through your audio set, It will set you on a roller coaster ride. Where there's up and down, fast and slow and occasionally, get hurt alittle along the way and challenging yourself to risk for a greater achievements.This game made me learn to be adaptive and to appreciate the scenery and moments throughout your journey, towards your destination.That's what the game will make you 'feel'.---Before making the purchase my advise is, consider your personalities towards muisc types of games. Audiosurf2 is a straight forward concept game with no in-game content yet, simple, neat and with strong originality.It's a good to have game, not a must have. Having to own it, is just another source of joy."
,Recommended,235800,18948498,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,CrimZone,"Audiosurf was one of the best musical experiences that i had ever and now Audiosurf 2 takes it to a new level.Audiosurf 2 improves a totally new way to ride your music, more than its predecessor. Totally changed we have a lot of many new cool features.In collaboration withSOUNDCLOUD, you can browse between millions of songs made by the users of the previously mentioned music platform;feature that i found quite interesting and kinda annoying at the same time, because some songs are re-edited or mixed by the users, you can find nice mixes or you can have the terrifying experience of play a chorus track of your favorite track sing by someone else with a weird voice.However, this characteristic invites you to play new songs made by stand alone singers / bands, based on the last songs that you have played, at the moment i have played some of them and them are fantastic.Talking about the gameplay, you have the old game modes plus new and interesting ones.Reminding old game modes we have:- Mono / Ninja- Pointman- Eraser- Pusher- VegasAnd the new ones are:- Casual- Casual Puzzle- Wakeboard- AudiosprintApart from game modes, we can now choose between different skins for the stage. That makes this game more enjoyable than ever.Another useful feature implemented in this title is that you can use the Steam Workshop, breaking the limits and go beyond, letting the community create new game modes or skins.Definitely this sequel is turning Audiosurf to an endless fun and making it deserve a place in your library.10 / 10A Masterpiece !Skulls of the Shogunis a 2D Turn-Based Strategy game. This game has a colorful cartoon style that makes it enjoyable and visually friendly.With a comic and a good story, it takes place in the ancient Japan. The story begins in the battlefield, after the""General Akamoto""(you) got betrayed by one of his lieutenants. Stealing your name and your sword.In the afterlife, your mission is recover your name and get your revenge against the imposter.Fighting against undead and rival clans through many challenging levels.Talking about gameplay, every team has 5 moves per turn, 3 different kind of soldiers and 3 kind of wizards plus a general, game ends when you kill the enemy general. Every character has its own hability and battle stats.Soundtrack is well made, relaxing and smooth.Playing in it co-op it's a funnier experience, up to 4 players you will have a good time with your friends.A lot of fun packaged in this great game, definetily a must have.10 / 10If you found this review helpful you can find out more at ourCompleting the Backlog's Curator page."
,Not Recommended,235800,15251614,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Nova Terran,Play audiosurf vanilla instead until the developer Dylan actually fixes his broken game and doesn't disappear for months without any communication.
,Not Recommended,235800,31783590,Posted: 16 May,all,ĴęŅƙĨǹs,"So many things wrong with this compared to the first, I don't even know where to begin.PROS:- Idk, better graphics options?- Game launches in fullscreen...CONS:- Menus (ugh)- Sensitivity (too high or too low and no way to config)- Way too visually busy (mods help I guess but shouldn't have to)- NO PREVIEW OF THE TRACK BEFORE PLAYING <- one of the biggest features from AS #1 that's gone- Too many blocks and not enough consequences for hitting greys in mono- Still has 1001 track limitation in folders...- No option to change the 'view' of the tracks inside folders, I hope you like Album art view because that's all there is- The ingame camera is a bit too close, not only does this ruin the ability to plan ahead, also causes me to get nauseous after about 30mins of play- Youtube play is pretty horribleI could go on, but you should really buy Audiosurf 1 instead."
,Recommended,235800,15268383,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,13,The best epileptic seizure I've ever had 11/10
,Recommended,235800,12543528,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,memi boi,is game good you make music you ride go if music
,Not Recommended,235800,15408818,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Pancake the 53rd,"I enjoyed the original Audiosurf much more than I enjoyed this one.The gameplay of Audiosurf 2 is not horrible but it doesn't live up to the original. It can be confusing when you switch from playing the first game to this one because even though the basics are the same, they are very much different in gameplay.The menus are the greatest challenge of this game in my opinion, and the most annoying.The orignal Audiosurf had nice and simple menus that were easy to navigate. This game however, the menus at first are very confusing and you can easily get stuck trying to find your actual music. If you select the wrong folder, you can't simply go back to the previous folder, you have to click out into a new menu and then go back to the song menu and start from the drives.Another thing that bugged me and quite possibly bugged me the most, was changing options during the game.Audiosurf 1 let you simply pause during a game to change your options, like mouse sensitivity, sound effects, volume and ect...In Audiosurf 2, you can't pause during the game, change the settings, and resume the game where you left off. (At least I've never found a way).This is incredibly annoying especially when you want to fine tune your mouse sensitivity and have to go back to the main menu and go through finding your song all over again. Then you need to repeat several times just so you can get your sensitivity to your desire.Compared to the original, the function of hitting cars (Cubes) is, in my opinion, terrible. It's hard to tell where you actually are able to hit the cars and you can't simply do a wrist flick to quickly move through greys (as mono) since they're always packed tightly. In Audiosurf 1, it was easy to figure out where the cars can be hit and that would allow you to know where you can sneak as mono to avoid greys like a ninja. Audiosurf 2 just doesn't allow that.Overall, I do not think the game is bad, it just needs more tweaks. It's been in early access for a while now and I still can't enjoy it myself.I would not recommend you buy this game just yet, but I would implore you to check out the original Audiosurf if you haven't already. The creators of this game are amazing and I know they can make this game just as amazing as the original with time."
76561198070925554,Recommended,235800,23589730,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DuskDust,I like it a lot
,Recommended,235800,13690041,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,iGu,When im outta acid ill trip out with this
76561198227433888,Not Recommended,235800,16843639,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,imcoveredinbutter,not interesting
,Recommended,235800,16018779,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,XBR_|BC|,Best music simulator 8/8
,Not Recommended,235800,17171957,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,~Poke~,"Ok, but doesn't hold up to the original. I'm not going to outright say don't buy it, it's entirely possible that you will enjoy it. However I find the original a lot more enjoyable.Pros:New gamemodesMore modding potentialCons:Really flashy and hard to see what you're doing? I can't find a skin that makes it look any better like the original did?Annoying menus."
,Recommended,235800,25540053,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,AngelofAids,sick game might give you epilepsy tho
76561198154073820,Not Recommended,235800,18876120,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Doge,"I feel like if this game was easier to understand, I would enjoy it more. I still do not understand how the main menu works."
,Not Recommended,235800,33818168,Posted: 26 July,all,Java68453,"Now, I used to love this game, I was good at it and played it a lot. But now that they've added the YouTube thing, to where the video plays in the bottom right corner of the screen, the game is too laggy to play. It was fine where it was at, playing the songs using SoundCloud, but ever since the recent updates, I can't pull a compliment out of nowhere over a broken funtion, so unfortunatly this game does not get a recommendation from me. This is my opinion and if you don't like it, I don' care."
76561197985363051,Recommended,235800,10258069,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Stolen Valerie,anyone remember basement jaxx ?????????????
,Not Recommended,235800,16124766,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,cyguava,"The original review is in the second section and every bit of it still applies.  I just added in some more specifics on how this game is bad and you shouldn't buy it because I already put it in the comments in response to the developer.---I'm sorry to say that mono won't change my opinion on this game, especially not as a mod. It may have been (from what I've been told and what I've seen) the most popular mode in AS1 and possibly in AS2, but it takes away the puzzle matching aspect of the game that I love so much.I started as a mono elite player and played with ninja mono for months, but I got tired of the monotonous (lol) gameplay that it provided. It was boring and I was ready to leave AS1 to gather dust.But when a friend of mine showed me the crazy stuff that could be done with eraser and I found Uupis' pointman videos, I never touched mono ever again. I feel that the people who have sat down and took the time to learn the puzzle modes are the ones who stuck by AS1 for as long as they have.To elaborate on my issues with AS2, the main problem is that there are no OFFICIAL Elite modes. Going back and playing them again, the ""Pro"" modes and ""Elite"" modes from AS1 are so differen't that they almost aren't the same game. I never had much fun with anything below Elite, and while I can understand that some other people may not share that opinion, it seems unncessary and crazy to eliminate the more ""hardcore"" and dedicated demographic that got most of their fun out of Elite. I remember going at a bit of a scoring fight with a friend of mine years ago, only to have both of our scores eaten alive by Uupis' crazy pointman.There are other issues like the block collision being really strange and inconsistent, the visual noise being inconsistent and detracting from the board (though I suppose with mono, nobody really cares), the lack of serious graphical options and tweaks, the implied excuse that if people make mods for a specific game mode, it means that there's no point in making an official one, etc.I reinstalled AS2 just an hour ago to see if any of my concerns were addressed, and they have not. It's been 5 months.Understand that if the developer released AS2 as just AS1 with the performance and stabliity fixes of AS2, I would have quickly paid double what AS2 is being sold for now. As it stands, I refuse to take this game seriously and I stand by my statement that this is either a cash grab or the developer being mislead by what fanbase you should be prioritizing. Where I endlessly praised AS1, I will endlessly criticize AS2.---a huge disappointment and i'm ashamed of myself for not researching more on what this game had to offer after coming out of early access before i bought it.  audiosurf 2 is a bad game in a vacuum and is a flat out abomination when compared to audiosurf 1.while the original may have had performance issues and ugly menus, it had great gameplay.  and it was fun.  do you remember when we played games for fun?sequels are supposed to improve upon the original, not completely break it.  the gameplay is atrocious, the game has actually REMOVED features (...), and the best part is that ALL THE DEVELOPER HAD TO DO WAS COPY THE ORIGINAL'S GAMEPLAY AND FIX THE PERFORMANCE ISSUES.the developer of this mess is asking for more money for a worse game.  don't buy it, don't demo it, don't give it any attention.  either force the developer to get his act together or let it die.  don't make the mistake i made."
,Recommended,235800,15805417,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Cyberdyne,"Liked Audiosurf? You will like this one too. Mods make all the difference, even if you didn't like the first one I bet you that you can find a custom mode that you will enjoy."
,Recommended,235800,18752924,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,-Tristan-,Can never have enough seizures!10/10
76561198061806329,Not Recommended,235800,18937348,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Punished Steak csgoloto.com,This game is too dificil 4 mi
76561198079418028,Not Recommended,235800,14645723,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheLizardman720,for anyone who wants to play this on Mac be ready for giant glitches and game breaking bugs that can only be fixed by hard reseting your computer
,Recommended,235800,13423925,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,OsoMako,"Fun as ♥♥♥♥ like the first one, but with a steam workshop!Also comes with a free epilepsy test. 10/10"
76561198171093077,Recommended,235800,23393731,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,spicy boi,A MUST BUY GAME :)
,Not Recommended,235800,15173596,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,EppsNL,"The origial Audiosurf was a solid game. This game however, as of today, still feels unfinished and hardly adds anything worthwhile to the great basis which was Audiosurf. Steam Workshop support is nice and all, but please finish your game before letting the fans take over..."
,Not Recommended,235800,35125206,Posted: 22 September,all,twitch.tv/OGDaMonsta,Good game if you can play for more than 2 minutes without crashing. All this game does is crash crash crash. And dev quit this game so= Refund
76561198050732152,Not Recommended,235800,16033563,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,paranoid923,"The original Audiosurf is easily one of my favorite games, and while I'd really like to give this a recommendation, at the moment I can't.1.) The UI is very buggy: can't access music without restarting often, awkward scroll bars that seem to have a low upper limit to how many items can be displayed, typos, etc.2.) Game modes are still limited in difficulty range.  The new modes are not particularly exciting.3.) The 3x and 4x multiplier mechanic is distracting and useless.  Honestly I wish I could turn that off.4.) The twists and turns of the tracks are far more predictable compared to the original.Honestly, this feels mostly like a re-skin of the original but possibly worse.  I'm really hoping things improve, but if this is the final release (or anywhere close), I'll be rather unhappy."
,Recommended,235800,10648114,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,THiNGYBOBinc,It's Audiosurf except now it looks like an early 2000's music video
,Recommended,235800,7356288,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,BasqueOG,"Amazing game, hours of fun, never gets old and now it has workshop! GET THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,235800,8516273,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,guro,best stick to the originals
,Not Recommended,235800,19312550,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,just ew,"For a game so graphically simple, I'm surprised at how unplayable it is.Pros:Love the customization in the game, like the custom gamemodes and skins.Interface is a big improvement.Cons:Very limited graphics options.Mouse acceleration is a big issue.Record 12 minutes of gameplay before I got my refund."
,Not Recommended,235800,21389983,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,VainRain,"In any case,If this one and Audiosurf 1 are selling at same price, I'll buy This one.If Audiosurf 1 is at least 1$ cheaper than this one, I'll buy Audiosurf 1.Tip:It worth it's price (Only on sale)Tip 2: Probably doesn't worth it If you bought Audiosurf 1. At least it was for me."
,Recommended,235800,16156027,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,TEEDA,"Having spent hours on Audiosurf 1. I hesitated before purchasing audiosurf2....But I am not disapointed at all.lotd of improvements there; more game modes, mroe skins. More things to do.  Being a fan of rythm & music game genre.I 'd really recommend this game which is more than a simple basic music visualizer and pretty entertaining while listening to music. The sense of speed , the rythm of the differents tracks the ability to browse through soundcloud is a plus."
,Recommended,235800,9772160,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Dr. Frasier Crane,"This game is incredibly fun and addicting. The fact that any .mp3 file that you play generates a unique level ensures high levels of replayability, not to mention the massive amounts of custom content. Also, this game is really trippy while you're high. 9.5/10 would keep playing."
,Recommended,235800,17614126,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Snippets,"I bought Audiosurf 1 because I really liked the idea of the game. I played it about 13 hours and enjoyed every minute. When Audiosurf 2 came out, i knew that I HAVE to get it. Well: Definitely worth the money. It's awesome. Listening to your favourite music while you surf some individual made ""roller coaster"" is much more relaxing and fun, than you might think.Game also includes different game modes and (great) workshop content.If music's your life, go and get it. It's so goooooood....9/10"
76561198125752955,Recommended,235800,17819549,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,V E L O D R O M E,"Great game overall.Love it!Note for developers: PLS ADD SPOTIFY SUPPORT!!! The game is fun on its own, but if you gave us the oppurtunity to transport songs in from out Spotify Accounts, it'll be perfect."
,Recommended,235800,19921969,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lil Pump,I could listen to whale sounds 10/10
,Recommended,235800,19196375,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,expert on that topic,nice but...audiosurf 1 was better
,Recommended,235800,12033666,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Nathan Watkins,"wow, what a waste of $15."
,Not Recommended,235800,16060242,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,pleclair,"I usually don't write reviews, and this is my first negative one.If you are looking for a real rhythm game, this is not for you.  Have a look at Drive Any Track in that case.I purchased AS2 not long after it got to early access.  I never played AS1, so I wasn't aware of what I was getting into.For a while, I played the mono mode, and I was liking the game.  However, as more people started to play, and the leaderboard started to have more result, I noticed that there was something wrong in the way that I played.  I was trying to go for perfect runs, as in the tap tap revenge games that I played a lot before on the iphone, and hitting only the colored blobs and dodging the spikes.   I wasn't awaare that you needed to play a puzzle while surfing.What a let down it was.  I'm not a puzzle gamers, and have no puzzle games in my library.. so I hoped all along EA that a mode with no puzzle would appear in AS2.  It never did.  Final is here, a new casual mode appeared, but still contains a puzzle grid.  In fact, I can hardly tell the difference between casual and mono.And asking for such a mode in the forums seems like too much to ask.  Seems like AS2 want to appeal to the snob and elitist crowd, and ditch casuals.I still appreciate leaderboards in game, and like to compete, but I don't find any fun in matching a puzzle while surfing to my music, it just have 0 appeal for me.All I wanted all these years since tap tap is gone, is a game similar to it on the pc.  And AS2 looked a lot like it could have been this game, but seems they overlooked a very simple thing.I would highly recommend the game if it had a mono mode with no puzzles and varying level of difficulty (like easy, normal, hard, extreme) or difficulty based on the song itself, as in Drive Any Track.If you liked AS1 and its puzzle mode, then I guess you will also like AS2.  But if you are in my boat, you should look elsewhere."
,Recommended,235800,11187712,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SuccuLyxX,"While it's still in beta, Audiosurf 2 is a big improvement over its predecessor already but lacks a lot of features. Still, it's nice to see where it's headed and I am happy to support it."
,Recommended,235800,19824971,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rakanishu,Amazing since I am mediocre at best at Guitar Hero and Gods aweful at OSU!
,Recommended,235800,23059953,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CheesyPotato,"The only problem is, i don't have any MP3s :("
,Recommended,235800,24783821,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,I shiver your spines,Buy this game. I just want you to try and beat my scores. Only two of my friends own this game.I dare you. I'm good at this game.THEY DONT CALL ME QUICKEST FOR NOTHING
,Recommended,235800,13732482,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tee The GraveWalker,I highly recommend this if you really playing game with music.....its so fun...
,Not Recommended,235800,24615595,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rocket,Not a fan of the new style.
76561198080277400,Recommended,235800,33110361,Posted: 1 July,all,Patrick^-^,After an hour:The beats dropped harder than my highscoresTBA...
76561198161362251,Recommended,235800,33140978,Posted: 2 July,all,EdTheBanker,"Honestly I got this game during the steam summer sale expecting it to be fun but a gimmik that wore off in maybe an hour or less. Instead, the game has remained consistently fun and enjoyable with the modding community only aadding to it. Overall, I would buy this game again even if it weren't on sale, and reccomend anyone looking during  sale to buy it, or otherise."
,Recommended,235800,33284795,Posted: 5 July,all,Polarity,"Extremely fun rhythm game. Fills the hole in my heart left by Donkey Konga that was occasionally filled by Guitar Hero. Generates tracks based on the song you choose, and I must stay the algorithm for doing so is phenomenal! There's some leaderboards for each song as well, separate boards for each game mode. You can customise the look of the game with skins too (which are available on the Steam Workshop). Definitely recommend this to pass the time and try and beat your friends' scores, whom you can send challenges to if you want."
,Not Recommended,235800,17018116,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[CoQ] SergeantJammy,"It's a fantastic game, but only when the song doesn't load to halfway and stop."
76561198313026189,Recommended,235800,27665624,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HardeBaas,"It's a really nice game, but the classic look doesn't work, idk why"
76561198097414623,Recommended,235800,18805945,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,nick29992,Such an amazing game!!! To be able to play any song is so fun and all of the different modes on steam workshop really add a lot of content especially for multiplayer.Awesome
76561197970818678,Not Recommended,235800,18982837,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Nypyren?!?!,In comparison to Audiosurf 1:- Load times are TERRIBLE.- Song selector is cumbersome.+ Graphics are shinier.
,Recommended,235800,15821683,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,★ Meow ヅ,Awesome Game :)
,Recommended,235800,18492984,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mister Nohbody,"An extremely addicting game that allows you to listen to your music Guitar Hero style. But instead of a guitar, you have a car. This is a nice little game that you can play for hours on end."
76561198156783092,Recommended,235800,18756968,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Director.Blue®,This game so fun ^-^
76561198024064351,Not Recommended,235800,18892934,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,purple-er,"I bought Audiosurf 2 because I loved the first one. This game ruins everything I liked about the first game. The gameplay and controls have become weird and buggy. Crashes all the time. If it doesn't crash its slow and laggy. The points system and various modes are even more difficult to understand now, as compared to earlier.  Finding a song from your local drive is still a clickathon. Everything looks weird, pixelated or broken. If you still want to play, just play the original audiosurf. Definitely not worth the $15 dollar pricetag."
76561198097143157,Recommended,235800,22687379,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,HappinessAndCyanide,"It's like geometry dash: every level is f#$king impossible.Update November 4, 2016The recent update made the game much, much better. It swapped the music service from soundcloud to YouTube which basically let's you play any song you can imagine. It does take a while to get audiosurf 2 to integrate the music but in all honesty, is perfectly fine waiting a bit.8/10. Not 10 because actual program isn't as strong as the original"
,Recommended,235800,10263894,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,{T.WW} Delarosa Raksha,Good game realy love it its wort the buy
,Recommended,235800,24510804,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,NieR,"If you Love all the Following items You will Love this game:1: being a Absoulte Loser to the top Tear players2: Love being Hit and Abused many times On one song3: Collect everything you see, Cause you will go nowhere4: Forget How many people Actually Own this game and cant get on the leaderboreds5: have Dabe a Degni take ur top score from the Song of they day.If u love these things get the game.Serious Note: The game is a Solid gave overall. this watch some High tier Player videos if u want to Compete, and if not. Well Get a Really Colorfull Skin and Play your heart out."
76561198099977921,Recommended,235800,25097145,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,HH |VenomG4minG,"Right first of all I would like to say Audiosurf 1 is slightly better becuase Audiosurrf 2 dosn't allow you to have the pop out file explorer thing when you were choosing a song which I really liked so I hope they add that soon, I do agree with others it is modern fun to begin with then gets a bit boring which I didnt have the same feeling about with Audiosurf 1"
,Recommended,235800,24696265,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PAN Mirek,Best music game.
76561197971330048,Recommended,235800,9587265,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Abalard Pugglesworth,"its awesome, new game modes and the new skinning system are nice additions to build off a great game"
76561198010006536,Recommended,235800,9612917,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MCMatthews,"An improvement on a successful formula.The game is a lot less annoying than its predecessor, with the voice over tutorials gone and the fact there is no insanely loud intro music when the game loads. The look and feel of the game seems more mature and the addition of album art when you select a song is a nice touch. By far the best part is the custom mods/skins; I think I saw a Tardis mod for this game, it looked awesome! So far I have been using 'classic neon'. Also if the first audiosurf wasn't fast enough on Ninja Mono, then this game makes up for it with turbo mono, which is basically Ninja Mono on steroids; it's insanely fast!The game also gives you a leaderboard at the right hand corner of the screen as you play a song, not unlike something you would find in a racing game.Oh yeah, another thing, THE COLOURS! SO MANY COLOURS!Overall it's the same game, but with better graphics, more attention to detail and community content which the previous game needed."
,Recommended,235800,8559751,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Azura,best game 2k14
,Recommended,235800,10510287,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Milapurr,"Addicted, please send help."
,Recommended,235800,10596915,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jameson,Play a game for any audio file you have? Its great it could never be the same for the rest of your life if you keep changing songs. Hypothetically you could do an audiobook for 10 hours as one round and I think thats awesome
76561198026815804,Recommended,235800,10602191,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,destrukcijala,"Wonderful game, can't wait for more mods to get out."
76561198094939012,Recommended,235800,10630286,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lime,Love it. I can't find anything I don't like about it.
76561197963509181,Recommended,235800,10634454,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Caboose,The audio syncing is hit or miss for songs. fun game though!
76561198008423682,Recommended,235800,10642944,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,silver772,10/10
,Recommended,235800,10650824,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MUM EVEREST,A great game for all who love music and want a game to kill time
76561198002049654,Recommended,235800,10665503,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,osiris247,Great little time waster. Very fun being able to surf your own music
,Recommended,235800,10679360,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chicken,Absoultely fantastic game. I cannot recommend it enough! 10/10!
,Recommended,235800,10720054,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Th0re,"Very good game, updates making it better and better !"
,Recommended,235800,10724599,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hec_ker,"When ""only"" listening to Music just doesnt cut it anymore."
,Recommended,235800,21997116,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Eczema Humpertstein,"This game may not be for everyone but, if you're in love music this is a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥way to experience any song."
76561198000692575,Recommended,235800,28934908,Posted: 2 January,all,Sadmé,"A lot of audio, a lack of water to surf. 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,7394166,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,h4rdcore,"Muito bom, muito bom,♥♥♥♥♥♥mesmo, bom pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥2 anos depois eu volto aqui pra dizer que ESSE É O MELHOR JOGUIM DO MUNDO!!!"
76561198060695718,Recommended,235800,10269753,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,great game new update was great play your own music on a track while playing a game its awesome and a great price to buy now
,Recommended,235800,20249925,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,✪ Stimo,Recomended
,Recommended,235800,21041462,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gamerdude854,"Audiosurf 2 is an incredibly fun timewaster, and there isn't much else to it. Audiosurf 2 really is a rythem game at it's most basic, although in this case, that is not a bad thing. There is no objective, just pick a song and play, and that's really it. This is where the game falls flat, there just isn't a whole lot to do. The gamemodes are varied, which is nice, but there aren't multiple vehicles like in the first game which is a little disapointing. Mods are a definate must if you want to keep the game alive and interesting. Another problem is that the main menu seems downright broken at times. The character limit can be a real pain at times when it comes to searching for songs, not only that but somethimes you just can't find the song you are looking for, which is incredibly frustrating. So in the end Audiosurf 2 is a fun little timewaster, but with little variety and flaws that really do ruin the games enjoyment at times, it's nothing more. If it's on sale and you like rythem games, pick it up, otherwise, skip this title."
,Recommended,235800,13619753,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Albert Einstein,I cant say much more than this is AWESOME
,Recommended,235800,13659751,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth,its fun
,Recommended,235800,14138825,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,gnarlllly waaaave broo
76561197980582881,Not Recommended,235800,25537664,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mr.Pink,I don`t undertand this game (as a casual player...only^^)First part was much better imo...for me this looks like a poslished and optimized stats-♥♥♥♥♥ edition of the first part!!!Like the CoD Franchise ^^
76561198053462393,Recommended,235800,22345676,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,griffinstealth,As a fan of both 1 and 2 this one seems to be alot betterat being in tyme with the songs rhythmsSkins are also fun. and i am always tryng out new ones.a fun way to spend some time.
76561198153863910,Recommended,235800,22371125,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Nakkifagiiri,"You basically pick the music you would listen anyways and turn it into a game. And if you want some true action, play metal songs. They have a lot harder levels than techno and stuff like that."
,Recommended,235800,22404221,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MinnesotaServine,"It is one of the best games that turns your music into something you play. With workshop compatibility, ability to load just about any song and colorful graphics, it makes for a really fun game."
,Recommended,235800,22471844,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,김설현,"Great game, hours of fun if you have a massive music library."
,Not Recommended,235800,22574422,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TwoDimensions_,"This one sucks, the first one was way better and cheeper. 0/10 please try again."
,Not Recommended,235800,22161593,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Spooky Hemp,audiosurf > audiosurf 2
,Recommended,235800,31243353,Posted: 19 April,all,Lycku,"I bought this game having having almost no idea how the deep competitive gameplay felt. I got it when I was bored and nobody wanted to play anything. I'm not sure what depression feels like but I'm guessing I felt some form of that; However, getting this game cheered me up instantly. I didn't play it seriously or try to score the best I could, I would just hit all the colors I could and dodged all the spikes and that was enjoyable to me. Its a game that you can just pick up when you're bored or want to find new music.Playing EDM in here is extremely satisfying and helped me enjoy some songs more than I did before. If you're an audiophile like me, I suggest this game."
76561198037080732,Recommended,235800,16112118,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,"REALLy fun game, i didnt expected enjoy it that much. Give it a try, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,235800,21398078,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,That1Skeleton,"Just get/stick with Audiosurf 1, that's all I'm saying"
,Not Recommended,235800,16106674,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,qtGamerGurL69,"Cacophony of garbage as the UI, previous features in the first game are now mods from the workshop, mostly identical gameplay to the first one, graphics improved and maybe sound translation, but if you have any mp3s there's no point in playing this one."
,Recommended,235800,24103447,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,sadcowboy,remixes of your favorite songs finally have good use in this
76561198210364561,Recommended,235800,29576706,Posted: 29 January,all,_STRANDZ,IZ GUD M8
,Recommended,235800,26414299,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,bioniclear [LT],"Audiosurf 2 is a real gem! I liked the first one, but this is even better! The tracks are more fun to play. Mod support is the beast thing ever! I've installed some Sergalicious' skins, put on some fine tunes - better than drugs."
,Not Recommended,235800,27859066,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LL Cool Jk,"i cannot explain how disappointing this 'game' was.  this is proof positive that social media and and aimless desire to ride that train into oblivion is possible even with the most loyal fanatics behind you. if it wasn't for the election this year, this woud be the thing that made me lose the most faith in my fellow man."
,Recommended,235800,26937573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,M_Lama,Fun to play your favorite songs and see your name on the leadorboard of your favorite songs.And now they have all of youtube!
,Not Recommended,235800,23977790,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hatsune Miku,Even though I own the game and have over 100 hours of play time it just randomly decides to tell me in game that I only have a demo version of the game.
76561198119489900,Not Recommended,235800,28652520,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ceres Galliot,"They took all my favorite things about the first game and threw them out the window :/ the controls are wonky and you can't change them, and the game play is just not the same..."
,Recommended,235800,19086428,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,antisocial...,This game is best played at 4:20.
,Recommended,235800,20316367,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Methfred,can someone gift me some acid
,Recommended,235800,24449210,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,A Very Sad Mark 2 Bow Robot,Holy mary mother of awesomeness10/10
,Recommended,235800,32732315,Posted: 24 June,all,Thanos,It's pretty difficult to enjoy the music while playing a game through the rhythm of it but still would recommend 6/10 Since its decently an enjoyable game at $5.
76561198078226446,Recommended,235800,23888124,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Frostbyte,i like it
76561198043884147,Recommended,235800,23871896,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kushส็็็็็็็ส,"Do you like music??If no, go awayIf yes, download now!"
,Recommended,235800,32899615,Posted: 27 June,all,blue.,good game
,Recommended,235800,7827389,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mr. JooJ,"Best game ever, buy this game now, dude."
76561198324112074,Not Recommended,235800,27377861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ComputerGhost,horrible dosent work hard to get into a level says click to play video no video shows up THANKS A OT SCREW THIS GAME
76561198031864068,Recommended,235800,9079954,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Entire Population of China,Your mom likes it.
76561198150647073,Recommended,235800,26722899,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,_Hellfingers_,Audiosurf 2 is a game that is fun to play   if you like too lissen to mussic  trai it if you dont like it ask your mony back
,Recommended,235800,16016128,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,barfbot,yes
,Recommended,235800,20796303,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CATCH PHRASE,You should stop reading reviews and just buy it. Seriously.
76561197967668421,Recommended,235800,10274231,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Feanor,"This game is incredible.  It takes any MP3 you want and changes it into a stage you can play, complete with its own standardized track and leaderboard.  One song can have many different game modes and ways to compete for scores online while jamming out to your favorite songs.  Buy it while its still on sale!"
76561198036030012,Recommended,235800,8927287,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Asmgasm,dis games good mane. You shold buy it if you waant to surf XD
,Recommended,235800,21154824,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,A bug in the code,"Curious if you sensitive to fast motion and flashing colors? Then this is the game for you.(But in all seriousness, Audiosurf 2 is better than Audiosurf 1 in every way.)"
76561198087513932,Recommended,235800,19666864,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TheLazyTyrant,It Will Not Let Me Play *-* 0-0 o-o O-O
,Recommended,235800,29961396,Posted: 16 February,all,Kotooka,Better than Clarinet lessons.
,Recommended,235800,19718072,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Spooksenhower,"Ah, Audiosurf 2. Before I start this review, let me just say that, if you are prone to seizures in any way, never even touch this game. This game has more flashing colours than Porygon at a night club. With that out of the way, Audiosurf 2 is a game in which you are a tiny spaceship, surfboard, car, or whatever else the game has up it's sleeve, flying down a long pathway to do....something...... The game isn't clear on what your objective is, but it certainly is fun. There are countless tracks to pick from, and the game generates a random level for each. Of course, it's not just a randomly generated level every time, the track actually modifies with the beat of the song. For example, a heavy rock song would have loads more speed and spikes than a blues song. The game is the perfect 5 minute distraction while you are waiting to go somewhere, do some mundane task, or just waiting for pizza to arrive."
,Not Recommended,235800,33294736,Posted: 5 July,all,canned_player,"OK you´re reading this from someone who has more than 400 hours on the 1st Audiosurf.The visuals are better, the rest isnt. If you dont own Audiosurf1, buy it! If you do, stick with it, becaus the audiosurf 2 wont be worth your cents...REASONS...1 - you dont feel the same punch as the 1st game. the bricks seem to be not tied to the song. It´s like playing mass effect 1 and then mass 2. If you did this, you remember that sheppard moved like he was ice skating on the 1st, while on the 2nd the body movement gave a much better feel. Audiosurf 2 is like leaving the better movements of mass effect 2 and getting back to the 1st.2 - the rules were softened. the player wont be punished for making♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you fill an entire column, the game wont sound the alarm, and if you put another brick, it will delete just 3 blocks instead of the whole column. WHYYYYY ?????3 - the painter and the multiplier got merged... WHYYYYY WHYYYYYYYYYY ????????4 - there are no difficulty levels anymoreUNLESS you´re a fan of the most boring mode of the game, the MONO mode. Then I´d recomment you the to buy audio2.Other than that, if you´re pusher, pointman or eraser, keep playing the 1st game. I just wont ask for a refund because I bought it for practically 2 dollars on a steam promo, but I went to the last process to ask for a refund and just gave up, but I´m not planning to play this one. Instead ill reinstall the 1st.But as I have to give my veredict... NO... DONT BUY IT. NOT RECOMMENDED. get the 1st audiosurf, and play pusher PRO, not the ELITE.. the PRO (overall the most aggressive mode that you can play and be extensively challenged).I cant express my disappointment in words. REALLY CANT."
,Recommended,235800,22574454,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Fodase,better than gaytar hero11/10 would play mc bin laden again
76561198028485578,Recommended,235800,10458997,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TheSourSprite,Awesome!!! Must Buy!!
,Recommended,235800,15367502,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ryan77627,"Amazing game, makes any music 10x better"
,Recommended,235800,15684081,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DrakoWerewolf,"If you liked Audiosurf 1 you will like this one.Gameplay variety:The game is mostly focust around mono and wakeboar mode, but there are other modes from AS1 and on top of that there are comunity made ones from Steam workshop.Bugs:I noticed that on longer tracks (podcasts) in wakeboard mode the track seperates from it's borders from time to time. So if you incounter any other bugs report to the devs so they can fix them ;).UI:The dethrone and chalange segmant is great for competitive players and the popular songs sektions help finding songs easely. The menu works great with a Xbox controler althow keyboard and mouse are still my preference.Graphics:For me the graphics are one of the most importante parts of a game. And AS2 nails it. Even on max settings my lame (and I mean 2gb ram, 1gb graph card, duo core thet berely runs Minecraft) PC Runs the game smoothely with most skins.Lifespam:Becouse this game has Steam workshop support it may aswell live forever (hopefully).To sum up. The game at this state is worth buying. Great performance with nice graphics and gameplay that will grow in the future if new great players join and help the development by sending theyr feedback and making new content.And be patient people Dylan allways comes back :)"
,Recommended,235800,15308294,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,damn_vegetables,"I own Audiosurf 1 and decided to get the second mainly because of the updatd graphics and customisation the new version offers. There have been some changes though, and not all of them are good.GOOD ASPECTSThe changes to the graphics is really nice, as the limited options in the first game got a bit stale after a while.I love audiosprint, which is something that I wasn't even aware of until I opened the game up. It's a whole new experience ccompared to the regular game, and that is a very good thing.Apparently the UI used to be terrible and was changed- the current one is quite good, making it possible to swap between modes and skins without being clunky.BAD ASPECTSWakeboard. This is the ultimate in an idea that sounds good but really doesn't work in practice. I can't see myself using it.Different skins seem to all have their own scoreboards. This is incredibly disappointing. I can understand mods that can affect how the game works doing this, but why skins as well? Maybe it will be changed when the game eventually is released.How blocks are placed and their density has been changed. I understand why it was done- there were a lot of complaints that songs with large uphill parts were quite boring due to the low block densities they have. However it's gone too far the other way, where the placement of the blocks seem to have little correlation with the music, and the main thing the music influences being the track slope. This is disappointing, as it feels less like I'm riding my music and more playing a puzzle game with my music in the background.Overall it is an enjoyable game, with my biggest gripe being the fiddling around with the block placement.EDIT: OK so this is much later, and I'm coming to enjoy the game more. The ability to add mew modes is great and the changes they made to Audiosprint were good. The issues I had with the early access version aren't in the final version, especially regarding block placement. I maintain that it's superior to the first game, especially in the little details like layout and so forth."
76561198074170817,Recommended,235800,14638989,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,WAMUUffet,Лучший симулятор избиения медведей!10 Никиток из 10!
76561198049260072,Recommended,235800,13338355,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Shy Spork,"great way to ""experience"" music. :)"
,Recommended,235800,22612049,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,fudgeinator,The best purchase I have ever made.
,Not Recommended,235800,33005087,Posted: 29 June,all,Tim,"Please give us a FoV slider, the original camera perspective was 10 times better. It's really hard to judge distance compared to the original. It gives it some unfair difficulty. The visuals aren't THAT much better than Audiosurf 1. And overall, the music feels odd most of the time. For example: syncronization. Overall, you'll get more bang for your buck out of the original."
,Recommended,235800,14331031,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Eul,Menu Design is crap. But gameplay is still good as in first.9.2/10
,Recommended,235800,11518747,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Basterisk,"A delicious game. I'd surf all over it, if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,235800,22736887,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,😈,GREAT
76561198076757751,Recommended,235800,31319823,Posted: 23 April,all,ThatOneKid,Played a FRED video.My brain cells died.10/10 Would FRED again
,Recommended,235800,34026806,Posted: 4 August,all,Gowps,neato
76561198060576197,Recommended,235800,16051464,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MR YOLO SWAGGINZ,
,Recommended,235800,19889928,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[OG] Tragedy15,"It's like Spotify but in interactive screensaver and seizure-inducing game form. Play the indie hipster crap you already have illegally downloaded on your computer or play the hottest hipster crap from Soundcloud. Either way it's great fun for both casual and competitive players.Audiosurf 2 is literally everything you loved about the first game just with added content, improved graphics, and even more colors to send you on a trip to space with no return. It also has insanely talented modders working on maps, skins, game modes, etc., so of course that defaults to a positive rating,"
,Recommended,235800,20142236,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dark Side of the Atom Heart Wall,I have a feeling the top-played songs are gonna be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nightcore and Undertale music for a loooooooooong time.
,Recommended,235800,19605067,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nbx3k,You surf audio with better graphics.
76561198047377281,Recommended,235800,20360898,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kirby,"Install itPlay your favorite songget 100% of the notes and fill your bar all the wayHit the stars and triple the points.Still 100,000 points behind on leaderboardUninstall"
,Recommended,235800,26689468,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,alayz.,yas!!
,Recommended,235800,24897805,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ItsMousse,I have put too much time into this game for my own good.....
,Recommended,235800,24837294,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Poseidon,Like Skyrim but with custom music
76561198291258847,Recommended,235800,24008902,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bunker 501,"Very cool, very nice, I like it."
,Recommended,235800,24006718,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Talking Coffee,Like Tap Tap revenge... but actually fun
,Recommended,235800,24029491,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Spooks,"The most immersive game I have ever played. If you ever desire to let loose and get lost in music, this is the game for you."
76561198063135259,Recommended,235800,24005079,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FoxyKabam,JFCdidn't think one punch man could get any more intense
,Recommended,235800,24029961,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jayray088,Audiosurf 2 is great for party settings becasue you get to visualize a great song and compete with your friends.
,Recommended,235800,16097491,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,neo,"An awesome music game for both new and old players. Tons of gamemodes and skins, and with Workshop there are even more to be downloaded. Soundcloud integration helps you find almost any track you want. This game is awesome if you want a hardcore rhythm game, or a casual game to relax to. For the most part, the tracks stay on beat, but there are a fewe songs where it's either off-beat or just random, but that doesn't bother me much. Recommended to anyone who enjoys music games."
76561198112948489,Not Recommended,235800,25875133,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Deus_Lux,Steaming music does currently not working. Wich makes it useless for people who do't have tons of music on theire PC
,Recommended,235800,31946182,Posted: 24 May,all,AlphaDerpy,This game is so awesome and fun. you can even put your own music.
76561198116612374,Recommended,235800,32024106,Posted: 28 May,all,Valkyrion,Dynamic.
,Recommended,235800,31880039,Posted: 21 May,all,Jet,cool
76561198077246915,Recommended,235800,18536533,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jay Sherman,Perfect for listening to S3RL. 10/10 would rave again!
,Recommended,235800,18835935,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[iB] InsaneBlizzard,fun little game to play with your music
,Recommended,235800,18800760,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Cediddi,"Best rhytm based music game since the original Audiosurf. I really appreciate the linux support which original was suffering. I'd also really appreciate spotify premium support. 9/10, I really miss old ships, they were looking like 'characters', not 'game modes'"
,Recommended,235800,18885198,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zenya-san,"Do you like your music library?Do you like listening to your music library while furiously concentrating?Then this game is for you.Simple game, fun."
,Recommended,235800,18965564,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,NocturnalLunacy,"I don't know what the haters find so appalling about this game, I think it's pretty damn good.There are a cpl things that aren't that great:1. It would be nice to tone down the gfx a little bit and make it more like Audiosurf 1 and be able to play it like Audiosurf 1 with the points for avoiding grey blocks and points for every 3 colored etc. Like a classic game mode.2. When it comes to songs that are 176 bpm and above the game seems to lag and have a hard time keeping up. Maybe when it was made the higher bpm weren't taken into consideration?Anyway, I've played this 6 hours straight after getting it and almost another 4 without tiring of it so that is a huge plus. After all I get to immerse myself into my favorite music.Also, if you are worried about the points and dethroning and who is on top then it takes the fun out of the game. Just enjoy the music and ride the audio as the game says."
,Not Recommended,235800,35074520,Posted: 19 September,all,VileMushroom,"This game is a lot of fun! For a couple hours.. after that its just a waste of money. Dylan has given up developing this incomplete game. Unless you're in it to make custom gamemodes and skins, its not worth buying."
,Recommended,235800,18575744,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Agnoka,"Fantastic new version of Audiosurf - a play list option would be a great addition, as well as the option to turn off the music search online and stick to local music only. Two thumbs up - Thanks for a great ride Audiosurf2! P.S. Download the Orbit skin, kiddies; trust me on this one."
76561198068774292,Recommended,235800,18631868,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Milk (Free Crates plz),Best Soundtrack 10/10But seriously this game is addicting as crap!
,Recommended,235800,18686645,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sections,fun
76561197972826198,Recommended,235800,18845219,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Croccifixios,"Just ""play"" your favorite songs and you will be happy."
,Recommended,235800,18873510,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Urithor,Good game once setup 7.5/10
76561198194761779,Recommended,235800,18901043,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Suck Bone,Lovely
,Recommended,235800,18911474,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KnitWit,"Like the new layout, the new UI, the easy mod support, soundcloud support,  and the graphics.There's a mod on the Workshop ""Mono Classic"". It plays pretty much just like AS1's Mono Pro mode. That's good, because the new version that replaced it isn't all that great. It totally changes the way it's scored and feels more like I'm riding a track with my song than actually riding the song. There's too much emphasis in the new mode of getting the grid the fullest to get the highest score/combo. Some songs I play ""work"" for it, others don't.The mod support helps greatly, otherwise I wouldn't recommend it for fans of the original's Mono Pro mode. I played that mode exclusively and was upset to find how much it was changed. There's also a lack of ""Ironmode"" which made all modes more challenging.Only other mode I have tred is Audiosprint mode. It kind of reminds me of Melody's Escape in a way. I'll be trying the new Ninja mode and the Wakeboard mode soon to see how they are and update.I tried a few songs I love to play on Mono Pro in AS1 in Mono Classic on AS2. It seems like the algorithm for the tracks have improved slightly. I play mostly metal (Viking, Death, Melodic Death, Folk, Thrash, Heavy) and some techno,punk,country, and classical. Pretty much about anything. Songs were insanely fun on AS1 and so far, a lot of them are great on this too.Enjoyable game so far, it's an improvement in some ways. The original still seems better to me."
,Recommended,235800,18874502,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,IceReaper898,"Very similar to the first in terms of gameplay, but has new game modes as well as workshop and soundlcoud support so it's better. Go get it if you're a fan."
,Recommended,235800,18887821,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LúÇkrÌš✅,"I liked the first, and the second is still like the first, just better graphics more modes, funner. They are both great chilling games."
76561198141964150,Recommended,235800,18980560,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SlenderMan,"Such a fun game, love playing my favorite songs in a game based around those songs!"
,Recommended,235800,19003398,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Albatróss,Vast improvment. Would recomend not only to friends but epileptics across the galaxy.
,Recommended,235800,18793449,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,muppet hitler (Muppers),"Self explanatory, you ride the waves of your music. A fun yet challenging way to listen\surf to your music. I give this 7 funky, fresh, space ships out of 10."
76561198052400748,Recommended,235800,18797610,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,davidbollman,"This is an AWESOME game!!!!Highly recommend, wish it allowed a song preview though, that would be an excellent addition to it."
,Recommended,235800,18531086,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,3299,"This game is one of its one kind, very unique and the sequel to an already great game.Combine it with High-scores and leaderboards and you got yourself a great game."
,Recommended,235800,18754716,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,iostream64,"Bruh. Total acid trip simulator10/10 would trip balls again.On second thought, I was suprised to see the number of negative reviews. After playing both this and the first; I still considered this to be a good game. Especially with its soundcloud integration. (Any PVP planned, devs?)"
76561198197951098,Recommended,235800,18866433,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,.exe,Weird but fun. Music and rythym. These all describe the creation that is this game.
76561198057179857,Recommended,235800,18574465,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,mumblerah,"Great fun, esecially when you're using your own library of music.Interesting to see which songs work really well.You can either relax with a slow number and coast through, or give yourself a seizure or panic attack with some ska-punk, metal or other fast paced genre."
,Recommended,235800,18757295,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,emrata,This game is so dope that you must at least have this game in your library. 10/10.
,Recommended,235800,18782302,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ah Keel Yuu,"My expectations were not met.They have been exceeded.I loved the first Audisurf and sure enough was hooked on the second one.Only remark I'd have to make is:Previewing the track, like in the first installment, would be a great addition."
,Recommended,235800,18802675,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,»Panda«,Love it <3 :b
,Recommended,235800,18960257,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TY WOP0 WOP0,Driving + Guitar Hero = Audiosurf 2
,Recommended,235800,18977186,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Gontor,"Bought back in early access, I just had another go at Audiosurf and ... wow. Come a long long way, loks absolutely great, loads of community skins and still plays all the best from your HDD and Soundcloud."
,Recommended,235800,19002137,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,POK_THEPORTALER1,its cool. looks more modern and pretty than the original imo.
,Recommended,235800,19019195,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Talon One,"Its an upgrade over Audiosurf, but not a substantial one. Leaderboards are better, there is full mod support and some more game modes, which is good. The ability to just let the computer fly the tracks and use the game basically as visualizer in the background is pretty nice.The new skins are also sweet, though I still prefer the classic one that changes colours with the intensity of the track and speed of the ship.Gamemodes.. well, the original still is the best. Wave riding is a cute idea but soaring through the air takes you right out of the flow.Bugbear: The blocks on your track are randomized now, so you can get screwed pretty hard by their placement.AND the game still runs on an engine from hell where I had to turn the graphics almost all the way down to get a smooth 60 FPS, which is kinda mandatory for a game like this. One setting higher and it breaks down to an unplayable 15-28 FPS.Other than that ... the game is still great. Riding music is just friggin cool!TL;DR:If you're new to surfing your music - get Audiosurf 2.If you already own Audiosurf, you don't really need the sequel,"
76561198048268849,Recommended,235800,26005445,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,makersley,Casual gaming done right.  It's a great way to listen to music.
76561198044566427,Recommended,235800,33736992,Posted: 22 July,all,alias.sqbr,"A lot of fun when I can get it to run, but only seems to work on Windows (and not even on Paralells) despite theoretically working on Mac."
,Recommended,235800,33896745,Posted: 29 July,all,tukkek,"This is very underwhelming at first: the default graphical settings look bad, there's a ton of bad-to-mediocre game modes and skins. However, if you give it an hour or so, really looking at everything it has to offer, it can become a pretty pleasurable experience.A lot of it is still mediocre: the UI is poorly designed, the gameplay isn't exactly groundbreaking either. However, I am an avid fan of music. Most of the time I'll listen to a rock album while I read along to the lyrics and think about them with visualizations from the awesome Clementine free music player in the background. However, I've always struggled to keep myself entertained while listening to instrumental tracks like with classical music or electronic music.This game is definitely going to be my new go-to for those occasions. If you're the sort of person that likes to clean, read, study, exercise or whatever else when listening to music, I don't think this game is for you. If you're a gamer and you're looking for a game, then this isn't for you either - or if you're happy just with headphones and laying back. In those cases, wait for a sale to try it out.However, if you're a music fan who likes to do nothing but listen to music when you're listening to new albums, then this is a heaven sent. The sound engine behind the game is amazing and it not only immerses you in whatever you're listening but it also actuallyenhancesthe experience through light gameplay. Note however, that as I said before, you need to take the time to get to know the game as it won't be enjoyable right off the bat with the default options, skins and modes.Overall, I think it should be a little cheaper than it's going for right now in 2017. However, as I'm always listening to new music as an activity, I'm sure the money I'm spending will be definitely justified as months and years go by and I keep coming back to it!Definitely turn off the ""sound effects"" sliderif you want to enjoy your music and not cheap FX every single time you hit a block!"
76561198393084459,Recommended,235800,33911078,Posted: 30 July,all,Melon pan is the best weeb,Cool!
,Recommended,235800,35092982,Posted: 20 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"Best music game of all time! I use it to play my favorite songs on it, like Tiesto, Martin Garrix, Sasha, Hardcore music, literally everything i like. I can challenge with my friends with the music they want or i want."
,Recommended,235800,33697894,Posted: 21 July,all,BarthoJr,"The game is very good because this game has good graphics, you can search music from youtube.you can play it everyday he will never boring the game make fun and you can surf in the music ;DI mean this is a good game ^_^"
76561198135293662,Recommended,235800,33733316,Posted: 22 July,all,MTheMan,"Welcome to Audiosurf 2, the game that is almost exactly the same as it’s predecessor with the only difference being the fact that the starting menu is different and the camera is slightly zoomed out.(not that I have a problem with that)It’s also worth mentioning that 70% of the fun comes from madding it on the steam workshop, AKA the pirated version sucks. So for anyone who likes high speed racing games, and at the same time hates car physics in those games, GET THIS GAME, you can play it with a mouse!"
76561198222230264,Recommended,235800,33901729,Posted: 30 July,all,心,Endless fun.
,Recommended,235800,35091550,Posted: 20 September,all,Captain Thor,Have you ever wanted to surf the waveforms of your music?  Cause thats what this is.  Game gets you in a pretty good zen mode and lets you sort of just zone out. Its the same as audiosurf 1 but better I guess? Seems pretty similar to me.
,Recommended,235800,16028695,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Elskaa,Dudududu
,Recommended,235800,16130039,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,cyäegha,"I don't have a clue what they did to the song algorithms between this and the original Audiosurf, but I can say this.I want to get off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride."
76561198306652357,Recommended,235800,33459404,Posted: 11 July,all,Wabadoo Squabadoo,"Great game to play, trust me it's good."
,Not Recommended,235800,25279189,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,❤Lancelot❤,"One of the Few Games where the Sequal is inferior from the original. Sure there is Steam Workshop, but the sequal seems a bit too easy and doesn't have that charm as to the original.The Original had a scoreboard for everyone, not your class, skin, workshop item, etcIf you like Music I would say, sure go a head and buy it, but the first installment is better.*Don't get triggered at me, Steam has reviews for people to show their opinons. If you are triggered at me go to reddit or Tumblr ya Cuck, your cancer and autism belongs there."
,Recommended,235800,16016519,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,It’s… beautiful. And it’s even better than Audiosurf 1. This is an excellent sequel to an excellent game.
,Not Recommended,235800,19171105,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,.revo,"As someone who absolutely loved the original Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 doesn't do it for me.Audiosurf 2 is nice, I won't deny that, the workshop integration is nice, and the ability to create new gamemodes, skins, ship models etc. makes the game a lot more versatile than the previous one. But as someone who got used to the gameplay of Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 is a big downgrade.For example, back in Audiosurf you had the ability to hit blocks from the side, which is not possible in Audiosurf 2 and makes a lot of tracks frustratingly difficult to play as you have to hit the blocks with the front of your ship. The hit detection in general is worse than in the first game. Some blocks don't count as hit at all when they're too close together, sometimes blocks just don't count as hit when you're off by a pixel, and the pawns you can use are simply overpowered.Furthermore, Audiosurf 2 doesn't offer any resolutions that aren't 16:9, making users with 4:3 or 21:9 play in letterboxed or windowed mode. And since the developer's response to such things is basically ""f*ck y'all"" I don't expect that to change. Ever.Audiosurf 2 sounded good on paper, but it turned out to have some flaws which make me go back to the old Audiosurf."
76561198248451106,Not Recommended,235800,33663981,Posted: 19 July,all,Fallen,Not worth the money just get audiosurf 1 it's better
,Recommended,235800,14059842,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Conrad812,10/10 would surf again
76561198028719301,Not Recommended,235800,29493371,Posted: 25 January,all,|-Lucas-|,"I do not recommend this game. I've played Audiosurf 1 quite alot. Mostly the Ninja pro mode. But whenever I give Audiosurf 2 another go I immediately quit and go back to the first game. The rythm isn't as smooth, the movement isn't as it should be, it's just not what it should be in my opinion."
,Recommended,235800,5221411,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Ray of Light,AWE...wait fot it..SOME! AWESOME!
,Recommended,235800,33140977,Posted: 2 July,all,robotman5,Surf the Audio maaaan!
76561198088584171,Recommended,235800,33169339,Posted: 2 July,all,ZA HANDO,Don't buy if you don't listen to metal
76561198134080218,Not Recommended,235800,16049805,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Snortsmagee,"Can hardly play more than one song without it bugging out. It's great when it works, but this is unacceptable."
,Recommended,235800,22985387,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,purplekoala,this is good
,Not Recommended,235800,16161522,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[VCR] Saliva,"The interface is clunkier, the default game modes are the same albeit less fun somehow (none of them even have failure states, not sure how this is a game?), and the custom game modes tend to be pretty banal or rehashed from other better games.In essence, it seems like Audiosurf 2 was just a bare-bones recreation of Audiosurf with the ability to plug in custom game modes. Not worth $15 as far as I'm concerned. Just buy Audiosurf."
,Not Recommended,235800,27500072,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lean Mean Meme Machine,"It's really not that fun. I played a song or two and tried a mod and it was... ok... but I can't recommend it to anybody. It doesn't feel like a rhythm game or even a game that needs music. If I looked at the game with no song, I couldn't tell what song is playing ingame. It doesn't really make me feel the music, it just makes me move around a track that vaguely resembles what the track would be if it was physical."
,Not Recommended,235800,15148578,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Piel D'Miel,"I like the concept of Audiosurfs gameplay but the way that AS2 executes it is really wrong, i can't even navigate properly through the menu and or play a song, i tried to play the songs of my own but the it only recognized sound files from games and not the actuals songs, trying to play the actual game with the sample songs are the same story i just can't, it crashes it frezes or it just plain slow.I should have waited a little bit more for the game to be stable and no the mess that is right nowEarly Access is making game devs lazy."
,Recommended,235800,7973478,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,kesh,"Bloody amazing.EDIT 27/05/2015:IT HAS GOTTEN SO MUCH BETTER, THE UI IS AMAZING, YOU CAN SEARCH FOR SONGS ON SOUNDCLOUD AND IT HARDLY CRASHES (/o.o)/(TIP IF IT FREEZES AND CRASHES FREQUENTLY FOR YOU):UNINSTALL HAMATCHI"
,Not Recommended,235800,14397750,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Oli,"Sorry, but this is worse than the first one!"
,Not Recommended,235800,16018221,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mykaterasu,"I heard some great things about audiosurf when I was searching for music games. I really wanted to like this game but it just has very few redeeming qualities compared to other music games out there (some of which are completely free...). That being said, it's probably the best music game on steam currently, but it's not a great achievement since I have found every single music game out on steam to be less than 3/10 at best.Just play Osu! or something.A game with no substance as of current. 2/10 and worth about £3 - not £11.Lacks in gameplay. Notes (and the main tempo) are usually completely off time, not present or just spammed when nothing is happening - ruining basically any shred of capability this game had of being a decent music game. It's just a badly timed game with music on the top. If the game isn't in time with the actual music in yourMUSIC GAMEthen I could just play any other game and listen to my personal playlist to get the same effect. This renders this gameabsolutely pointless.I only enjoy the game when it actually picks up contrast of a silent part to a chorus. That's not enjoyment, that's just me thinking ""wow they didn't actually mess up this game that badly!"" which is the only thing that came from this game that amused me. So it's not a rhythm game, it's a chill game? We got plenty of those and they are all just as bad, so this just fits into the pseudo music chill game genre.Whatever you want to call it: I call it theboredomgenre.The one pro? It looks pretty nice. Then again, if I wanted a visual spectacle music game I'd watch videos of Sound Voltex III.So yeah, this game has no spice in the music game genre, or any deserving place in my library. I think this game is basically worthless and I regret buying it.I'm sure that some people will find something good about this game.I can't.I rate it 2 broken metronomes out of 10"
76561198008388415,Not Recommended,235800,34394034,Posted: 21 August,all,Ameryth Valente,"Complete waste of time. Major feature is music streaming, but it can't actually do that at normal speeds, only at dramatically reduced, distorted levels."
,Recommended,235800,25633864,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sepko,"""It’s one of the most unique games out there and it’s probably the only franchise that I will keep playing until the day I die""Read the whole review/retrospective atReady Players"
,Recommended,235800,16272420,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Aldo,I never played the first one but this is one mazing game though. Love the speed. I like the different modes it has plus the rest you can get in the workshop. Also the skins make it more enjoyable to the eye. Great way to enjoy your music! Give it a go.
,Recommended,235800,20446640,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,encoriks,Great way to listen to music!Also fairly challenging
,Recommended,235800,10827158,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HahaLongBoy,"this game is great for the bored person, it's the type of game you go to when you have no other game to play or just wanna speed around on your music and enjoy every minute of it!Get this game if you like DDR, FFR, Stepmania, Any beat/step game."
,Not Recommended,235800,24099603,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,Lots of bugs.
,Not Recommended,235800,32742615,Posted: 24 June,all,DJHammer,"This is an improvement on the original, but I think the original had more style. I like how the sequel has workshop support and more skins, etc., but I just am not feeling as good about this one as the one before it."
,Recommended,235800,33271680,Posted: 5 July,all,Booz,Hi i want friends.
,Recommended,235800,15213538,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,xGio12,Like the first one but shiny
76561198062903345,Not Recommended,235800,12237562,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,wannocki,"Loved the smoothness in audiosurf one but with this new addition i find my laptop struggling to keep up.  It considers my laptop that has 8gbs of ram, core i7 a ""older pc"".  I'd rethink my purchase if i knew this beforehand."
,Recommended,235800,19997561,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Floppy Infant,This game is fun when you inject heroin and smoke crack-cocain.
76561198152642169,Not Recommended,235800,22137601,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Breakerbait,This game isnt worth $15 it should be free same with audiosurf. You can't download maps (maps you would want to listen to). The game focuses to much on the leaderboards and where you are placed. You only get to play the tracks/maps that the game gives and there that many to choose from and most of them are usually not what you want to hear.
76561198039576236,Recommended,235800,10667605,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MichaelFNT,This game changes your view on music so much.You will never want to stop playing.
76561198130728408,Not Recommended,235800,17030475,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,nonegigy,This game doesn't work on MAC YOU STUUUUPID FOOLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235800,7490245,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Tweed,"Audiosurf 2 has come a long way since I wrote my first review. All the play modes you know and love (or hate) are back with some modifcation (I can't play eraser for the life of me anymore). The Game itself seems to be geared more toward RNG this time around, but that's most likely to irritating only the most competitive people and I don't know what to tell them.The Workshop integration worked out well for addtional skins and playmodes which is good because I don't care for most of the default ones. However, there's still room for improvement. I personally miss Ironmode even if the game isn't as bent towards pure skill competiton and the music search function is kind of irritating to work with.Otherwise it's turned into a good successor for one of the best music games ever developed. If you liked the original you'll like this."
,Not Recommended,235800,26756148,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,✪ Boneless Annoyious,lol i audiosurfed to scarce face reveal
,Recommended,235800,10256989,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ryan Walker,This game...gave me a ♥♥♥♥ing seizure...JK holyshit.  No serious Epoleptics...take your meds after getting plenty of sleep don't play in the dark and don't drink alcohol while playing this.
,Not Recommended,235800,19138490,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,💗,"Well, let's just say I stopped giving a ♥♥♥♥ over this game. It has so many annoying issues that I can't help but cringe and stay away. I can mentions the two biggest ones:- RNG on Official Mono and plenty other modes. In the game's description, you tell us to ""strategize"", but placing the RNG factor and randomly generating blocks positions. Random always ruins strategy.- Half-baked anti cheat attempt. There was a 10-pages long thread, which has been deleted, discussing about how to deal with cheaters in Audiosurf 2. I really wonder why the thread gone disappeared without a note. Dylan pushed an update which has cheater flagging and separate scoreboard for low-bitrate songs. It doesn't work, because, flags can be abused to takedown a legit score. And 2, songs can be tweaked to make blocks on silent and important points at song, connecting chains at moment it should not happens if you played from a source that has clean song (aka Soundcloud).Just yeah. Goodbye Audiosurf. It was nice to play."
,Recommended,235800,11951606,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Azide Fox,You can now feel like a true asian 10/10
76561198061376536,Recommended,235800,24092838,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SirCharlesFiddelsworth,"Work out the menu.Import a slayer song.Get wrecked by the pure speed of thrash metal,"
,Not Recommended,235800,24074499,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ghastlee the Bomber,"good and bad at the same time,its jus the way the mouse works in the game,i also hate the way the arrows work."
,Recommended,235800,22349580,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,It's like OSU and the Audiosurf 1 hand a baby!
,Recommended,235800,22422196,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,TheKonquera,Good
,Recommended,235800,27715151,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Logo,This game will knock you and your kids out
,Recommended,235800,27684972,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,philipp,fun game yay
,Recommended,235800,24973881,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kwiper,Started it upFailed so much--5 hours later--Super pro
,Recommended,235800,15654231,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zintix,"Reminder to self, don't play this game at 4am in the morning. Aside from that a refreshing change from the original, menu is bit clunky but all in a good game"
76561198184492114,Recommended,235800,23025307,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,It Is I,Great Game
,Recommended,235800,22466566,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,St3v3yboi™ Farmskins.com,good
,Recommended,235800,18544884,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Django Durango,"Actually links with your Steam account (the previous game had it's own accounting system so you'd forget your password all the time and have to make new ones). Way more game modes and skins. Does seem a little buggy in that sometimes, depending the song, the track will clip through itself, making it impossible to see what's coming."
,Recommended,235800,18805759,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dambielo,but itdooooooooooo it
,Recommended,235800,18847233,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,aljowen,Its like AudioSurf but better.If you want to listen to music while having something to do then this is ideal.
,Recommended,235800,19048270,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Casually Aspiring Skeletiddies,"Tfw I turned the game on at midnight and here I am 4 hours later.This will rob you of so many hours of sleep.Work tomorrow? What's that? Soon, all you'll know is Audiosurf 2."
,Recommended,235800,18759258,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,InVader,"It sure as hell took me a while to get this game running (always crashed on startup, was about to refund), but now it works - funny enough, I had to restart PC and it suddenly worked.Anyways, this game is well worth buying, Though there could be something like a difficulty slider, or something to tone down the jumps and speed boosts on the track. Playing something like ""Parov Stelar - Phantom"" is f*cking insane.Also, nice variety of game modes, even though some of them are a bit too similar."
76561198070595313,Recommended,235800,33595504,Posted: 16 July,all,JerzeyDevil,Too much fun!  THe sky is the limit with music and endless mods.  Really fun and simple game yet addictive
,Recommended,235800,22885762,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,terribly terrified of halloween,cool
,Recommended,235800,21053183,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,"An improvement over Audiosurf in every way. Almost. The UI is miles better, so are the graphics. But there are a few things that are present in the first, but not in this one.Every character I threw at it, Audiosurf could display. Audiosurf 2, however, has trouble displaying non-Roman characters. The majority of my music library is Korean, Japanese and Chinese. These characters don't show up at all, making choosing a song to play impossible unless you get lucky using the random option and can identify the song by its cover art... if it even displays.Audiosurf scrobbled every song you played to your Last.fm profile. In Audiosurf 2, Last.fm support is completely absent. A workaround has been posted in the discussions forum where you need to download a file, edit it and add it to the game's directory folder but to have this feature integrated into the options menu of the first game and not the second is bizarre and just lazy.Regardless of these issues though I'd still recommend it.It's just as fun as the last, maybe even moreso.I obviously just like to complain. ~(⊕⌢⊕)~"
76561198071421958,Recommended,235800,18562130,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,eternal jape,I can listen to metal in a gaming form.good
,Recommended,235800,33494576,Posted: 12 July,all,Lacuifa.com,Está. Bien.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,235800,25152284,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Loafy Productions,A really fun Rhythm Game!
,Recommended,235800,25125975,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jek,"If you haven't played the original, this is the game to get. If you have, you might be disappointed - that said, if you wish, you can mod it to be nearly identical to Audiosurf 1."
,Not Recommended,235800,25300239,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dabeliuteef,"If the developer doesn't care about this game, why should I? Smd Dylan."
,Not Recommended,235800,8064478,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Vulenoy,Hold off until this is in a bundle for a dollar in about a year. Especially if you already own the first game.
,Not Recommended,235800,23011673,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BoiKillMe,"I do like the game, and play it some times. And those are probably once each month or two months. I bought it for 3$ when it was on sale, but I think that $14 is absolutely a scam. This game, is good. But it won't give you countless hours of gameplay. Pretty easy to get bored of it.I'd pay $14 if it was something that had many possibilities of gameplay. There's a SHITON of games that'll cost from 10 to 20 dollars, while they're worth like 5. This is one of'em."
76561198213681799,Not Recommended,235800,30481929,Posted: 12 March,all,Maybe a cat,"I bought this game when it worked. Now it's been changed to not work unless you opt into beta. Also, they don't provide information on how to do that on a mac.I paid for a functional game. I expect it to stay that way."
76561198060080187,Not Recommended,235800,29637318,Posted: 1 February,all,Fence-Eater Man,"I really love this game, but now that they've switched from Soundcloud to YouTube for music streaming, I really can't recommend this. They say they are working on it, but until Soundcloud is back you should hold off on buying it."
76561198053701090,Recommended,235800,29408020,Posted: 21 January,all,Infamous,"payed for this so me and a mate could ride a compilation of ComedyShortsGamer's intro phrase ""HEY GUYS IT'S COMEDY SHORTS GAMER HERE""it was 10 minutes longwas it worth it? you askmaybe"
,Recommended,235800,16335773,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TraKeZ,10000/10 :P
76561198027979319,Not Recommended,235800,16021632,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,_2,"The devs basically added a bunch of features on the release date and called it a day, skipping any beta testing by the community altogether. Another Early Access fiasco."
,Not Recommended,235800,22032598,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,real papa blesszed(foop),they took a good gameand turned it into a pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥cons-RUINED MONO-i cant seem to hit anything(in the original game i hit almost everything)-still not able to use tracks longers than 40 minutes-too complicated(took me about five minutes to figure out the start button was that arrow)pros-graphical upgrade-good music on audiosurf radio-good fourm-new scoreboard system
,Recommended,235800,32056634,Posted: 29 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
76561198034686538,Recommended,235800,16395646,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BelgianVISOINair,"nice game,better visiuals"
,Not Recommended,235800,31709083,Posted: 12 May,all,King Scrub,"AudioSurf 2 isint a bad game, but i still dont recomend it for anyone who picked it up for the same reason i did. I picked this game up because i wanted to be able to play a game around any song i wanted which this game does well but the gameplay is just not there for me. I feel like the track is only there to give you something to do and not actualy provide a fun gameply experince, its not challenging like osu can be and its not fun like other racing games. i pictured an osu like game but with any song i wanted and a good gameplay experince but i got a stale gameplay experince formed around music. So if your looking for a game like osu but with any song and fun gameplay i do not recomend this game to you, keep searching and if you find anything tell me cause this game isint it."
,Not Recommended,235800,24848695,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Silver Cross,"It's fun at first, but it gets boring pretty soon."
76561198007987235,Not Recommended,235800,16417986,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,intorpere,"I didn't give this one much of a chance, as I was really put off by the absence of any freedom of movement.  There are three positions- left, right, and center.  Nothing resembling steering, or anything like that.  Almost like it's intended to simulate the limitations of an old fashioned LCD game.Maybe I'm missing something (someone correct me if I'm wrong) but I found it disappointing."
,Recommended,235800,31989065,Posted: 26 May,all,친한Friendly,"Awesome game for just chiling out and listening to music. Great too because you can do any music you want with a built in youtube search and can sync with it, definitely worth the 15$ Also theres different modes, skins, more user content from workshop, I mean I played 2 hours when I first got it so that says something"
76561197985945669,Not Recommended,235800,16047067,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Roland Dumas,"Not better than the first.I'm really sad about this, it's like Oblivion..."
,Not Recommended,235800,33156615,Posted: 2 July,all,Shadows_Panthers,BROKE
,Recommended,235800,33204581,Posted: 3 July,all,Nalykusei,"How to play normally?When playing your favorite track, you can't normally play... You want to DANCE! DANCE! DANCE!Of course - 10/10BUY GAME!"
,Recommended,235800,12443716,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Stompy McGee,"Audiosurf 2 is a great addition to Dylan Fitterer's game list, it cirtainly competes with Audiosurf.The graphics are good and the gameplay is decent, but could be improved, some parts are boring (like when you flip) but are becoming less of a task, and more of a want.I'd rate this game 7.5/10."
,Recommended,235800,10410960,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,space bees,"EDIT 11/11/15: This review was written while the game was in Early Access, and much of what I complained about has been added or fixed since then. I'm lazy, so I'm not going to rewrite the whole thing, just know that I can actually give it a thumbs up now.Still not sold on Wakeboard, but Puzzle is back and New Mono finally matches the old game's addictiveness. :)Pros:+ Maybe it's just the camera angle or the skins, but it feels like there's a greater sense of speed and movement to the tracks.+ The live scoreboards in-run are a neat feature.+ With the right skin (I recommend Substratum), the game can be gorgeous even on less-than-amazing graphics cards while still running decently. You may need to tweak the resolution a bit to find something that works for you.+ I'm not a modder myself, but the engine seems to be surprisingly flexible. There's already mods both official and un- that turn the game into something new entirely. Bullet hell, anyone?+ This is a big one- separate scoreboards per mode! This is probably the biggest thing I wish the first game had had.Cons:- The main skins, Stadium and Neon, are a bit busy and distracting, although my graphics settings probably don't help (I play on medium as my graphics card isn't really modern-gaming-caliber).- Most of the modes from the previous game are gone. Instead, at the time I write this you get a couple versions of Mono (the main one of which is fun but lacks the sense of urgency and strategy of the original, since there's no stealth bonus; thankfully Classic Mono is also included), a slightly altered Pusher, and Double Vision; along with the new but underwhelming Wakeboard modes and a few experimental widgets.- Wakeboard is a cool idea but the execution doesn't live up to it.Rock Paper Shotgun's reviewput it best: it misses the core of what makes Audiosurf fun, which is actually riding your music as opposed to flying above it doing canned tricks (when you can get it to let you). Thankfully, the unlock requirement that that review mentions is no longer present.Audiosurf 2 is not a bad game, especially considering it's unfinished. But it *is* obviously unfinished, so right now I really can't in good conscience recommend it when the original is cheaper, complete and pretty much music-game nirvana.edited 6/10/14: wow I forgot one of the biggest pros of all"
,Recommended,235800,15731031,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,THE BEST SONG TO PLAY IN THIS GAME IS Darude- SANDSTORM
,Not Recommended,235800,24509232,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ConorOG,I never played Audiosurf One so I guess I went into this game somewhat blind. I was thinking it would be another Guitar Hero/Rock Band rythum game. Instead I got a bland game. Game is very dull and does not have alot of replayability. Not a game that captivates me and makes me play for hours. Maybe I just need more time on the game.
,Recommended,235800,18778731,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Amaroq,"This game is not as fun as Audiosurf. The visuals are downright ugly, the user interface is not as intuitive, and the lack of gameplay modes is downright upsetting. However, the ability to play tracks off of Soundcloud and the larger repository of available tracks does give the game some value. For these reasons alone, I will recommend the game. If you have a very large library of music and no need to find songs to play from Soundcloud, then I would recommend Audiosurf 1 instead."
,Recommended,235800,14539150,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Jäger,"Halp, I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,235800,35119755,Posted: 21 September,all,Pocket Octopi,good
,Recommended,235800,13612630,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,Rideing through you music has been upgraded to Version 2
,Recommended,235800,35153576,Posted: 23 September,all,Lynext,I'd marry this game. gr8 game m8 I r8 8 /8
76561198054911042,Recommended,235800,11623312,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Magic Man,"- im terrible but i love it, 420/420"
,Recommended,235800,16032442,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,CubeToTheThird,"Every song on Soundcloud is now renamed ""Dragonforce - Through the Fire and Flames""10/10, would recommend."
,Not Recommended,235800,34261690,Posted: 15 August,all,tangerine sleep,FIX SONG OF THE DAY ACHIEVEMENT FOR FUCК SAKE!
,Not Recommended,235800,25775162,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,iggy the alien,"as of right now, the game is so broken. you cant play anyhting besides the song of the day, and thats only if youre lucky"
,Recommended,235800,16018646,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Corvo,Darude - Sandstorm
76561198188349799,Not Recommended,235800,24806298,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,unconnected,"Its looks awesome, and it is the two first minutes. but after that you dont really know what else to do in the game. I ended up refunding it. Its a boring game."
,Not Recommended,235800,15612734,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tangy™,"R.I.P dumbsurf 2, never got updated again"
,Not Recommended,235800,23409193,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[Dozen] TokyoKid,"decent game, not worth the 17 dollar canadian price tag however, personally i only get marginal enjoyment from this game."
,Recommended,235800,31378398,Posted: 26 April,all,Theplexing,dubstep
,Not Recommended,235800,8626334,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,*COUGH*,"Audiosurf 1 was the reason I downloaded Steam years ago. I was very hyped when AS2 came out and I got the pre-beta release immediately. It's a sad conclusion that after months of tweaking the game, AS2 still suffers from development issues. There is still no pop up file browser, which makes finding that one song you wanna play impossible to find. The Workshop is doing a decent job so far but sadly this game isn't THAT popular which results in not a lot of Workshop mods that are worth your time. I'm still a big fan of AS and I come back to it from time to time, the game has a nack for giving an extra dimension to the way you listen to your favorite music. I can recommend AS2 for sure, but it's probably better to get AS1 since that game works like a charm and AS2 basically offers more of the same. The tweaked graphics and (lame) new game mode don't really make AS2 worth while. Not yet at least. I'm still hoping for the developers and Workshop fanatics to turn this sequal in a great game.I wrote this 1.5 years ago and not much has changed ever since. This is a complete joke, you can't rake in money for a game that's literally YEARS from being a finished product. It feels like I've been conned. This game is still not finished, it's just not fully functional. It still doesn't have a pop-up file browser, it still doesn't have last.fm enabled, the menus have been tweaked but why is everything so small? I have been playing AS1 a lot more than this, this is just not good enough."
,Not Recommended,235800,22751886,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,cloudsovercali,Not as good as the first.
76561198013486532,Not Recommended,235800,8364533,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mazokuu,"When I first played this game, it was brilliant and I absolutely loved it. I came back to it the same night and it was broken, It would just freeze at the loading screen. I have a powerful enough PC so that is not the problem. I cannot recommend this game until these problems are fixed."
,Recommended,235800,11571218,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,IridescenceCasts,"After playing for a few hours, i have enjoyed the limited ammout of combat i have been allowed. So far the quest line is just doing small, meaningless jobs for people such as collecting wood or delivering lunch to some bloke. I really hope the gameplay improves with some more time because so far it has been pretty boring"
,Not Recommended,235800,11583357,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[z80]qazz42,>Installed>played>realized it was a horrible surfing experience>tfw sad>played the first audiosurf>happy again0.1/20.
76561198004177658,Not Recommended,235800,15737274,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,OldChestnut,"I watched a couple of videos thinking ""wow that looks like a better version of Wipeout and you can use your own music"" I was wrong all you do is press left or right and there's no consequence to anything in-game, it just feels soulless to me, but it's early access so maybe there's better to come, it's my own fault for not doing more research like I normally would have but you win some and you lose some."
76561198070283612,Recommended,235800,23992471,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,EvilMcSheep,"Musical Goosebumps Simulator 2.0: Mono No Longer Sucks Edition!Puzzle modes now do, though, but that's alright, since everyone was too dumb for them anyway."
,Not Recommended,235800,22314385,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,tivus,it gets boring tbh :P
76561198170717410,Recommended,235800,35195090,Posted: 24 September,all,(insertnamehere),Pretty good game
,Not Recommended,235800,15593534,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cantaloupe,Doesn't even allow me to launch the game anymore.(Unknown Error) Contact Steam SupportLink to steam support does not work.
76561198009375142,Recommended,235800,16014929,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,AmityvilleToast,ever feel like what taking acid felt like...?Well here you go10/10 would trip balls again
76561198006773669,Not Recommended,235800,8046128,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Gyasa Amano,1 is better than 2 its way to flashy and the modes are strange as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235800,12407332,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ashrubel,"This is a far cry from the original Audiosurf. They have altered all of the game modes included so far, and have sullied the Mono mode so badly, that they do not even include a Stealth finish on the most popular and widely played mode of the original.I do not see myself being the only player to find this to be utterly egregious and unacceptable. I could not reccoment this game to anyone who enjoyed and like the original.On the plus sides, they have stripped the minimalistic and tubular graphics and replaced them with some kind of 3D mess they call an improvement. FantasticAlso, they have removed the blocks from most of the modes and replaced them with what looks like footballs and spikey things. Lovely.If they release future updates reconciling these errors, then I will alter and update my review... until then. BOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,235800,28741225,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RaidShark,"Before I played this game:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played this game:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,235800,22045168,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,● Trenalon,"Horrible controls, when using arrow keys or mouse.Game is best played with a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,235800,17456839,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SubJaeger,Boring game-play...
,Not Recommended,235800,28415623,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AxelPotato,"Played the game for all of about 20 mintues. The first game is a game i play very often. The menu is complicated, hard to understand, and needs adjustment. The game itself hasn't changed, faster paced maybe but its nice to see new skins.My biggest peeve, I GOT A POP UP ADVERTIZMENT IN THE SETTINGS MENU!!! No joke, I got a ad when i was changing settings. Instant refund request after that."
,Recommended,235800,12508999,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,WünderWafflen CSGO500,"Played [Droideka - Get Hyper] in Mono Turbo and died.11/10, would die again."
,Not Recommended,235800,32823674,Posted: 26 June,all,Some_one_fucking_play_with_mE,Is the youtube api all you really had to go on?
76561198010247076,Not Recommended,235800,9270301,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[Ninja]Menchi,"Don't bother - audiosurf 1 was innovative, this one doesn't offer anything new"
,Not Recommended,235800,12524206,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,DrunkBunny94,"the game is good its just like the 1st one with a nice graphical update it feels very similar kind of like an upgrade.i like the idea that people can mod the game to make it look unique thats a HUGE plus the 1st games colour schemes were simple at best but i guess they worked, it seems that you can create your own ships with different play styles.however i have a few moans the lack of Iron mode is a real turn off, people have mde modded versions with iron mode on them for added challenge why it was removed and not addad back yet baffles me as people clearly want it enough to make a mod with it on their prefered game mode.EDIT: removed complaints that have been addressed and fixedHowever i still recommend the 1st audio surf over this one as it boasts more difficulties, just as many types of ship (missing only the surfer mode), its easier to run on lower end PC's and laptops and its cheaper so you are paying half price for essentially the same game"
31415926535897932,Recommended,235800,16252391,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ben,">Be me, playing audiosurf 2>Jamming to my favorite song, when suddenly the game stops>The surf god comes out of my computer and tells me to leave a bad review>Keep playing anyway>The surf god comes out again, this time with an evil looking surfboard that has bloodstained spikes>He repeats to me to leave a bad review.I will update this review when he comes and kills me."
,Not Recommended,235800,15086579,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,my homie say he goin mid,why they call character pointman???why nOT POINT WOMEN1/10 SEXIST GAME
,Recommended,235800,19755737,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,cool dude oleg ﷽௵,more surf than audio change name to surfaudio or i will give you negative revaiew. u have been warned
,Recommended,235800,23821105,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,I Lick Gooch,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั
76561198057735188,Recommended,235800,16099206,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Vengeance,I like music and I like games.Audiosurf 2 combines the two of them.I think that's pretty noice.
,Recommended,235800,25157425,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Fujimie (QC),This game is so .....⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/| U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼.| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ__(／___﻿
,Not Recommended,235800,16007409,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Lady Date,"Disapointed in the menu design, and the fact trying to get your own music on this game is a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥ I have to do it via flashdrive, since it can't seem to find OneDrive or my phone. Hoping this gets fixed, the first game is better than this."
,Not Recommended,235800,23913401,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gallowloch,"Edited Review: This game would be alright if it wasn't for the fact that the developers broke the Song of the Day achievements when they up and replaced SoundCloud with JewTube for streaming. There's an old adage for this: ""If it ain't broke, don't fix it."""
,Recommended,235800,18533554,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,T.w² | xCobalt,"Just like the original Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 is an original music game that is fun and unique. It is very resource light, as I can play it while rendering videos/images. It can be relaxing or intense, it just relies that you feed it music.If you want a challenging, yet casual game. I recommend Audiosurf 2."
76561197993476178,Not Recommended,235800,16014710,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,RALproject | umbrae futuri,"I can't, with a good conscience, recommend this game. It's like a built up, stripped down version of the first one. It has a lot of new features, mostly online music integration, but almost nothing has changed gameplay wise and the menus look terrible.I played at a friends during Early Access and saw how the menu was a mess, and now thinking that they're better now at release. Nope. They still look like they were done by someone who has just begun their first course in GUI Design in college. Compare the menu of this game to Audiosurf 1 and there's a tremendous difference in quality.My thinking is; why didn't they just add these things to the first Audiosurf? It would clearly have been the better choice.+Online music integration (SoundCloud etc. etc.)+Visually interesting (depends on taste)+Steam Workshop integration+More stable scoreboards-Looks incomplete at full release (Menus are a mess, no track info as Audiosurf 1 had)-Gameplay wise no changes to the first game(excluding game modes)-Bad hit detection (might just be me and my eyes though)-Unreachable block in mono (just a nitpick)Summary: Audiosurf 1 is better in almost every regard. Would've been better to add the new features of this to the first game instead."
76561198067941339,Not Recommended,235800,31260572,Posted: 20 April,all,yocat,"No FLAC support on Mac, confusing menus, cluttery graphics."
,Not Recommended,235800,16013418,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Meneer_bel,"this game gets boring after 10 minutes of playing...it isnt like what i expected at all, i expected something like guitar hero where u have to do thing on the beat/rythem of the song but thats not the case here.you simply just have to collect the things and there is a song playing in the background.i dont recomment buying this game! waste of my 12 bucks!!!"
,Not Recommended,235800,35396919,Posted: 1 October,all,Sheldonfrith,Too laggy on my low-end laptop to be playable...
,Recommended,235800,32200518,Posted: 5 June,all,"M,,.","The fact that so many books still name the Beatles as ""the greatest or most significant or most influential"" rock band ever only tells you how far rock music still is from becoming a serious art. Jazz critics have long recognized that the greatest jazz musicians of all times are Duke Ellington and John Coltrane, who were not the most famous or richest or best sellers of their times, let alone of all times. Classical critics rank the highly controversial Beethoven over classical musicians who were highly popular in courts around Europe. Rock critics are still blinded by commercial success. The Beatles sold more than anyone else (not true, by the way), therefore they must have been the greatest. Jazz critics grow up listening to a lot of jazz music of the past, classical critics grow up listening to a lot of classical music of the past. Rock critics are often totally ignorant of the rock music of the past, they barely know the best sellers. No wonder they will think that the Beatles did anything worthy of being saved."
,Not Recommended,235800,15797876,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Club Jarminx,"Absolute WORST game I've ever played. UI is HORRIBLE. No instructions, no tutorials on wtf you are supposed to do. Only good thing about it is the music which, isn't even by the game creators. $14.99? It should have said $.99 because this was the worst piece of crap game I've ever bought. I do NOT recommend this horrible game to anyone...."
,Not Recommended,235800,22947086,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lord Pineapple,Game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,235800,23147861,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NeitherDoI,"First one was more aesthetically appealing and more challenging, 0/10 this is♥♥♥♥♥cancer"
76561198058618065,Not Recommended,235800,25104089,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Enzo_TheSniperDoggy,Way too flashy and overdone considered to the first one
,Not Recommended,235800,33952331,Posted: 1 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,Wack as s crap game.
,Not Recommended,235800,24089313,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,flappy,guitar hero rip off
,Recommended,235800,23818090,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,(Maxx),ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั
,Not Recommended,235800,23128834,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Recommended,235800,30432501,Posted: 10 March,all,trawz,"Good and fun game, with nice workshop support. Disappointing is that the UI still doesn't look very good, and the worst: missing online support. I absolutely adored the SoundCloud support in the beginning, but unfortunately there were copyright issues if I remember correctly. Still I think it's a fun game, especially to try with non-gamer friends!"
,Recommended,235800,10679274,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[YG]Paisley James,"I'm going to give this a ""thumbs up"" with a warning that it's in early access and missing a bunch of modes. The key thing I feel it is missing is something akin to Ninja Mono from the first game. While there is a ""mono classic"", the scoring mechanics make it less about dodging thousands of greys and keeping up with the limited colored squares, and more about trying to get a full grid of colors (which there are three times as many), which kind of defeats the purpose of the frantic play of the original mode.Some of the new modes are fun if a little funky/finicky, but if they add in Ninja Mono with the new graphics, it's a definite yes."
,Recommended,235800,10785164,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zane the Trollichu,"Honestly I find this game very interesting to play. The fact that you can use your own music, it makes for a very fun way to entertain people due to the colors and way you can interact with the people. I also like the fact you can challenge your friends to try and beat your score on the song you like and gives you a very interesting look on how the beats and tones change the game."
76561197999290232,Recommended,235800,10765153,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Agent Orange,"Like audio surf 1 with a texture pack, 1 more working game mode, and 3 broken game modes. 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,10833225,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HOTMOM69,play while high10/10
,Recommended,235800,10817524,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Booty Bamboozler,"This game is most certainly and obviously in its testing stage. That said, as a fan of the original Audiosurf, I can't help but enjoy this game. For the moment it lacks variety in game modes, but I'm confident that they will appear shortly and as good - if not better - than the original. The graphics are also a massive step up, and the map just seems to flow so much smoother. And even if it does become tiresome, mods are available from the Workshop to spice things up and make them game new again. I definetly reccomend this to any fans of the original, and people looking for a place to start should have no problem with this game."
,Recommended,235800,10739539,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nightshade,Yeah this was worth the $ no buyers remorse on this one.
76561198054336056,Recommended,235800,10521417,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DarkestHarbor60,very fun makes me wish i had more music on my pc
,Recommended,235800,7302982,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,JECJoker,"Loved the first one, and now the love just wont stop flowing!"
,Recommended,235800,10454348,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Splunker,"If you are a fan of the original Audiosurf, I highly recommend Audiosurf 2. The improved visuals are great and the Steam Workshop really adds to the game. I enjoy chilling out and playing my favorite music when I just want to relax."
,Recommended,235800,10221825,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,The P-Diddler,"This game is amazing, really different vibe and gameplay from a game like guitar hero. You pretty much need a mouse for some of the harder songs, but a keyboard is still a viable choice. Only thing its missing, and I don't know how tey could do it, but if they had Spotify support that would be the greatest thing ever. Even if it was for the songs you had to install onto your computer through Spotify."
,Recommended,235800,10270782,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,½ⓘⓝⓢⓐⓝⓔ,This game proves that im not good with hand and eye co-ordination...
,Recommended,235800,10487669,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Toa,"This is probably the greatest game ever created, for one fact and one fact only:It's not just music. You can use any soundfile you have.Any soundfile."
76561198041088750,Recommended,235800,10489337,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,BaxSlash,"If you liked the first game, then you will love this one.Audiosurf 2 provides the same gameplay as Audiosurf (1), yet still manages to be better in almost every single aspect. The smple concept remains the same: Control a Spaceship flying down a rainbow colored road, hit the colors, dodge the greys, and ride to your favorite tunes. However, thanks to the brilliant community that is the Steam Workshop, this simple concept remains fresh.With the Steam Workshop, you can download things that make the game even more interesting and enjoyable, like breathtakingly beautiful skins and new gamemodes that can be both fun and/or extremely challenging. There's also new options for what songs to play, like the Song of the Day and Popular Songs list.Graphically, the game is a tremendous step up from it's predecessor. Some of the skins that these people have made look absolutely stunning. However, the game is still in early access, so some of the texts and fonts for like the menus and stuff look very ugly, but those are only minor issues and don't actually affect the gameplay all that much.I've clocked in 15 hours in the game at the time of writing this review, and I've loved it every minute. For someone like me who has a definite passion in music and has lots of different songs to listen to, I could easily play this game for hours at a time. I highly recommend you go ahead and pick this game up for yourself, it's endless fun."
,Recommended,235800,10434919,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Awoowoo,I highly suggest any music lovers to try this game out. Do you like fast paced games? Do you like your own style of music? Of course you do. Just combine thsese together and you got yourself a fantastic game.35/10.
,Recommended,235800,10149989,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Orlandeau993,"If you've played the first audiosurf, you know what to expect. The new mode is awesome and the overall game is better than ever. If you liked the first one, this one is a no-brainer.To the rest however, the wonderfulness of this game really depends on you. Not to sound cliche, but really, the whole idea of Audiosurf is to ""ride"" and feel the ""rhythym"" which gives you an atmospheric, or rather, somewhat euphoric feel of the songs with which you have grown to love, or identified yourself with.The overall effect, especially the very first surge of excitement that sends your nerves tingling when this game portrays some of your favourite songs are indeed an effect that is very much rare in games nowadays. The very first 10 minutes of you playing this game will leave you some very erratic moments. The rest, depends on how much you love gaming in this particular genre or how much you love music. As a rather general gamer myself, this game is still a great buy. I highly recommend this game."
76561198051575686,Recommended,235800,9368872,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,TheJr,I am glad I paid 15 bones for this... if you like mono grab the FPM mod... makes playing mono the way it should have!
,Recommended,235800,9689556,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Jinjalaroux,"At first I was a bit disappointed at the game; it seemed like movement was sluggish and collisions were kinda dodgy, and it felt a  lot easier as a whole than the original Audiosurf. The wakeboarding mode wasn't really all that great, and the default skins that came with the game were just okay.While I did fix the movement by doubling the mouse sensitivity, essentially, the workshop saves this game. There are plenty of really fun community modes and quite a few skins that are absolutely gorgeous (my favorite so far isHyperdrive 2, which is stunning).Without the workshop I couldn't recommend it, at least not at this price. With it, it's not quite a must buy, but it's not exactly a waste of money, and if you like the first game, it's probably worth checking out."
76561198014980751,Recommended,235800,9707234,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Joey245,"I got AudioSurf 2 at a slightly discounted price around last Christmas, and fell in love with it almost immediately. It fills a niche in my gaming library that very few of my other favorite games can, and here's why:- I can play it anywhere I bring my laptop- Installing mods is clean and low-maintenence- It boots up and exits out quickly and cleanly- Unless you're installing mods, it doesn't need an internet connection- It has great music (LOL)- It delivers a satisfying gameplay experience, and most importantly- It's incredibly easy to pick up and play, and just as easy to put down and transition to stuff that needs doing in real lifeAudioSurf 2 is the perfect game for a person on the move, who needs to play games to get through the day but whose schedule doesn't allow for long sessions of Skyrim, Garry's Mod, Minecraft, or other games they love. I realize this is the main draw of casual gaming, and while some gamers may see casual gaming as a synonym for ""low-quality tripe,"" I assure you this is not the case.If you're looking for depth and complexity, this isn't the game for you. But if you're looking to kill some time between classes or meetings, AudioSurf 2 is as good as it gets.I'm gonna go play some more now. You should too."
76561198123298812,Recommended,235800,9709366,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Zamorman,"I DO recommend this game, but it has its ups and downs from the first game in my opinion. Im going to start with the positive stuff. The graphics are absolutely outstanding, and improves on the first game for sure. The graphics are colorful, fast, and pretty. Another up is that skins, and mods were never easier and more convenient. I was able to get tons of skins for the game and instantly use them, which was amazing! The new wakeboard mode is unique, and adds an epic feeling to a song. In wakeboard mode you can literally surf to your music, try to get high air, and pull off some sick tricks. I love playing wakeboard mode when I'm in for something new. Now for the negative stuff. (Now remember this game is still in early access). The game can be slightly laggy at times. This CAN be fixed, but if you want a non-laggy game you will most likely have to play on the lowest graphic quality. And the only other thing I dislike about it is that finding your own music to surf to is surprisingly difficult. I don't  know if there is an easier way to find your music, (if there is tell me) but the only way I found my music was going into ""recent songs,"" and it would show a list of songs that I've recently played in Audiosurf 1. Besides that, the game is absolutely stunning. The game is still in early access, so I'm going to give the game time to get better. For an early access game: 9/10. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,235800,9230558,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Traveler,"this game. ohhh boy, this game. any song that you have, you can stick it into this game. it then makes a level based around the song. it's mental at times if you put on something fast, or, you can put a slow song for a relaxed experience. it's still in development, and is being updated quite regularly. oh, and steam workshop support. YES PLEASE."
,Recommended,235800,9953476,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sleepy Kitten,"If you enjoy listening to music, and love colorful games, then you should buy this."
,Recommended,235800,9997921,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,britannicus92,"Extremely early access and unplayable as of right now. They need to release a simple update to fix graphics and control issues. Considering how amazing the original Audiosurf has been over the years I have high hopes for this one, it will take time and patience but i would still recommend. Just when you buy Audiosurf 2 you have to remember Early Access Game but the developers need to start releasing more updates often, even if the updates are simple but it would make the slightest difference. It may be awhile before it gets any better and more playable since it was just released in October, till then play the original Audiosurf."
,Recommended,235800,10021344,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Thozel,It's a fun game to pass some time with
,Recommended,235800,9820408,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,NovaNoah,"10/10. Only time I ever listened to Nickleback.Okay, but for serious:Played the hell out of the first one (70 hours). The simple gameplay in conjunction with your library of music is addicting and enjoyable to an endless degree. If it ever gets boring, try a new song, a new genre, PLAY A PODCAST. That's right. Any MP3 you have on your computer can be played through Audiosurf 2, and that means the gameplay stays fresh as long as there is good music still out there.In addition to the vanilla gamemodes and skins, there is a large library of user-created modifications available via the Workshop which I HIGHLY recommend you check out.Great game."
76561198013062252,Recommended,235800,9842478,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sir Vicks the Moist [DG],"Sometimes you just want to lay back, and play a relaxing game along with your music."
,Recommended,235800,9884969,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,ComradeJagrad,One of the most fun and amazing games I've played in years!
,Recommended,235800,9071782,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DeathNeko13,"Its a game about listening to music while flying through a space of visualy stunning lights, shapes, and little ♥♥♥♥♥y grey things you need to avoid. Easily one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198075129776,Recommended,235800,8689076,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Alpha MaysJedi,"Ahhhh, Audiosurf is one of the games that really just seperates itself from the other music games like Guitar Hero and Rock band. The game where you can play music that is stored on your file of many file types besides popular MP3. There have been other games that did what Audiosurf is most famous for, but they just couldn't just match up the beats and atmosphere of your favorite songs well. Audiosurf does that particulary well and will make u experince songs in ways you could never imagine (ok, that was cheesy was of me). Now we have Audiosurf 2.....in alpha stage. Nope, not out but in alpha. Audiosurf 2 brings sexier graphics and flashier visuals and the new wakeboard mode! Your a surfer riding the musical waves hitting them note blocks, but now theres bumps you can jump off of and perform tricks in the air. Sounds pretty awesome,right? No, its pretty disapointing since you will want to look for big bumps to stay in the air longer and it just feels wrong. Its never satisfying and your mossing the notes you could had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ from hitting them at the right times in a part of the song you like. Cool concept, but very dry beans. More dissapointing is that Eraser, Pointman, Vegas do not return in AS2. The good news is mono is very fun and a good balance of dodging grey noteblocks and collecting note blocks instead of AS 1 where you mostly dodged greys. Hell, there is mono mode where its faster! The music synchronization is apparently very good in this game but I honestly can't tell the difference and feels as good as AS1. AS2's biggest and most excellent feature is the Steam Workshop! Yep, now you can download mods where people have created new modes like a spaceshooter or bullet hell or get skins for modes like a christmas theme or the green hill zone from Sonic! I'd say this game is pretty solid for an Alpha with the only annoying bug being the menus a bt slow when going to different sections. I'd recommend it for people that would like to play a better mono mode or the excellent mods and to support the creators of AS2. I wouldn't get it if you want a complete game since it is in alpha and they probably will implement the modes from AS1."
,Recommended,235800,8044301,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Humper Dick,3p1c
,Recommended,235800,8054532,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Spectal,Many hours have been spent trying to beat the best
,Recommended,235800,8069919,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,『Shiro』,"Every time I listen to a song it's a journey.This game and all the different mods to accompany the songs are majestic- it's as if it's made for synesthesia people such as myself.Either way, PLAY ALL THE SONGS.IT'S SO GOOD.Also, there's soundcloud integration now for those plebs who don't have any of their music on their hard disk."
,Recommended,235800,8115981,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MiniTigress,:I
,Recommended,235800,8117411,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kele,"Long in development, but so very worth it. The graphics are beautiful, even on medium settings, the new gameplay mode (wakeboard) is thoroughly enjoyable. A lot of the old game modes have been removed though, but as ap layer who used mostly the mono gamemode, that wasn't a problem for me. SLightly disappointing is the lack of an album incentive, i.e., with the original audiosurf, the Orange Box OST was included as something to play with, however, you do get 4 sample tracks, which are better than nothing. You also get the audiosurf radio which updates periodically.All in all, I definitely recommend this game, it will keep me amused for a long time yet."
,Recommended,235800,8131578,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Skep,"You thought Ninja Mono in Audiosurf couldn't get any better. WELL YOU'RE WRONG.Introducing Mono mode in Audiosurf 2! It's new and improved! It makes Ninja Mono seem laughable now!- Less boring gray-dodging, more fun color-collecting!- Bouncier!- More entertaining!- New style! Or you can keep the old style! I don't care!- Separate leaderboards from other modes! No more getting upstaged by loser Pushers and Pointmen! Those modes might not even be in the game anymore, I'm not paying attention!- Download user-created mods or different styles, I guess! If you're into that sort of thing!- Turbo Mono mode! It's crazy fast!GET IN NOW while it's still in early access, and set ALL the high scores while the leaderboards are still empty! You'll feel like an Audiosurf god!"
76561198049106321,Recommended,235800,10259276,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[D.O.C] Mrdjvoo [DjTheTank],One badass game....And other than that I am speechless.
,Recommended,235800,10259646,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rage Dawg,"Really fun if you're looking for something trippy.  Your music affects the speed and overall ac tivity of the game and it makes each level unique and very quickly.  The only thing is it's a seizure waiting to happen.  If you have epilepsy.... I wouldn't really recomend it.. Other than that, sit back, take an Aleve for your headache, and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,235800,10261113,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Spiteful Tart,"Audiosurf 2 is on sale on steam for 40% off.  If you have ever been listening to music and asked yours self ""hey why doesn't this music have more spaceships, vibrating drops of color changing mercury, and epileptic seizures.  Than you definitely need to go get this game.  It's everything the orignal was with smoother graphics."
,Recommended,235800,10281179,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,STRICTLY 80'S JOEL,I like it.  Its a cool interactive way to listen to music.
,Recommended,235800,10282947,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Triplight,"Very addictive and tons of fun. needs a bit more polishing for the multiplayer modes and gamepad support, but other then that a fast-paced (depending on you taste in music) and visually striking roller coaster ride of awesome"
,Recommended,235800,10283637,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bivens,One of the most visually stimulating games that I have ever played. I loved the first and this didn't disappoint
,Recommended,235800,10350270,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Shoqan Walikhanov,"I thought Audiosurf was fun, but the second brings it to a whole new level. The best thing is, it keeps the spirit of Audiosurf and improves on it tenfold in this one. It's not released yet, so buying it grants you Early Access instead. Still, while it's experimental, it's already really good. It feels like it generates levels better, it's got skins pre-loaded for different environments (and potentially for different songs), and it's got Workshop support, so it'll always be updated. One of the main issues I had with the first game was that gray blocks were bad, and with the song, the blocks you were supposed to collect changed colors. Now again, maybe it was just me, but I wound up getting very confused in -any- song played, especially the fast ones. I would hit gray blocks not because I wasn't fast enough, but because I couldn't tell the difference from the ones I were supposed to collect. In different phases of songs, blocks that I was supposed to collect would shift to gray for a few seconds and it'd confuse the hell outta me.If that was intentional to make the game challenging, that's fine. It was still annoying though, even after 27 hours of time logged into it. In Audiosurf 2, gray blocks don't even look like blocks. Regardless of skin, the gray blocks are always distinguishable from the ones meant to be collected. Audiosurf 2 also syncs up with your Steam account this time round, whereas Audiosurf required an entirely new in-game account to sync and keep your scores. In this one, competition against others is much better. For instance, let's say you load up a song and a couple of people have done it already and they've gotten scores. Once you start riding to the song, the little top 3 players scoreboard on the upper righthand side of the screen will sort of play along with you.So that's to say, players on the side will gain points almost as though they're playing at the exact same time as you are, so that it can make you want to beat them. When I noticed this, I thought, ""What the f**k are the chances of these two guys playing at the exact same time as I am? Ah, well. Time to beat their score."" As said, there's skins, and you can pick the 'Classic' skin to go back to the old look of Audiosurf 1, but it's got that noticeable Audiosurf 2 polish to it. It's neat. If that's not enough, there's entirely new modes. I mean, there's a Super Hexagon mode. You have to dodge the waves of the song being played using a move-around pointer, akin of course to Super Hexagon.There's also the 'audiosprint' mode, which is where you play a runner - who looks strikingly like Faith from Mirror's Edge - and the left click is jump, while the right click is crouch. So you're basically running and you have to jump and duck the incoming song blocks. It's cool. Oh, and they seemed to have removed the gray penalty thing from the first game. If you hit a gray block in the first one, you'd see it on that block scoreboard under your ship. This time round if you hit a gray block, it doesn't tease you by saying, ""Oh, look what you got, you dumbass.""Good game? Yeah. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's awesome. If you like music, even better."
,Recommended,235800,10353163,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dovakit,"For the almost two hours i have played this is a really fun game. Even though it's Early Access i've only encountered one bug. I hope soon they will fix it.The bug i encountered is i was half-way through the song and my surroundings stoped. I still could move though, I waited a while and it sent me to the start of the song. I kept my score and there was no orbs to collect score from because i collected them previously. Anyway there is a few bugs but its a really fun game only a couple games you can not be bored listening to music."
,Recommended,235800,10358902,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[YB] Bock,"The first one was truly great. Playing that game under the influence with trance music was bliss. This game is not bad, seems a bit underdeveloped at the momement but it is stil a fun ride and looks like it has potential for a lot of modifications from outside sources.If you haven't played ""Exploration of Space"" by Cosmic GateYou haven't played this game."
,Recommended,235800,10868608,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cc3768,this game is a lot better than audiosurf i loved the first one and i love this so much more
76561198064778508,Recommended,235800,10935992,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,/\ZZ/\D/\Z,Awesome game if you love music mixed with bright colourful worlds
,Recommended,235800,11140186,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TheMouse,Better than original
76561198028761321,Recommended,235800,11088659,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BD is my grill,Right now there is a lot of work to do in this for it to be worth someones time but the latest update is a great step towards this game being good since the newest update seems to have updated the music visualisation in tracks(things in the game react better to music). I think the developers should focus more on making their own (modes and skins) as it seems they are putting too much hope into the community workshop. So far it's coming along nicely but right now it isnt worth someones time for the money.
76561198078648684,Recommended,235800,10774346,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bravely Ran Away Sir Robin!,"Initially, Audiosurf 2 appears to be little different than the original - hardly worth a second glance. But once you start using some of the user made mods, the game takes on a whole different character."
,Recommended,235800,10768670,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,iTzJeffrey ツ,"If you love music and Games, this is a must have.f you liked audiosurf 1, i'd recommend getting this one too.It's the same game with more sorts of gamemodes and not to forget, the steam workshop!If you don't have audiosurf, but want it. Get Audiosurf 2, it's the same but has more features."
76561198075678985,Recommended,235800,10769057,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Incard,I enjoy the game. The workshop content is a good feature and makes it more entertaining. I recommend this game to people who are fans of the first.
,Not Recommended,235800,9060796,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dravvad,"Well, it's been just over 2 years since I had a pretty empty review under Early Access. In case you want to see it, it is at the bottom of this review.I have to say that this sequel to the original Audiosurf isn't worth it. The first game was pretty nice looking in style and color, and was so enjoyable - I love Audiosurf 1. So of course I was excited when I heard this game was coming out, and I bought it while on Early Access - and I almost never get Early Access games.I did not play this much while it was being worked on, actually. I played more of the first Audiosurf still. As the game was being developed, it just seemed like it was snail pace, like the developer didn't care too much.I really don't think that Audiosurf 2 has that much improvement on it, and in fact, it seems very cheaply put together in many places. A lot of the game isn't really much better than it was 2 years ago during Early Access, and a lot of the new things are just as boring and poorly-made as they were then (e.g., wakeboarding, audiosprint).The developer seems like he just chugged along slowly and just gave up and released the game without actually completing it. It makes me really sad that I trusted this becoming something great. I'll still give some of the newer modes a try, but I'm sure I will return to the first Audiosurf.It even bothers me that he changed some of the original modes while he was developing. For instance, Mono and Ninja Mono aren't the same anymore, though they were similar back when I did my first review. And certain modes from the first game don't exist by default completely. I definitely won't buy anything else by Dylan after this, but I'll go back and enjoy the original, because he did something right with that game.------------ORIGINAL ""REVIEW"" on Feb 11, 2014:The game is still in development, so you may want to wait. But I've always liked Audiosurf and this version is no different really. I like the new look of the game (even if it is not cleaned up yet) and it seems like the track-generating has been updated.Many things seem faster and more intense than the original game to me because of Mono Turbo, which makes the game more fun in my opinion. All in all, you can wait until the game is finished or for it to go on sale. But if you liked the first game, you'll like this one.The new wakeboarding mode, on the other hand, isn't too great so far. But there's three modes left to be made, so hopefully they are more interesting."
76561198028047970,Not Recommended,235800,21357269,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr. Bunny,When a game makes it impossible to not hit a bad note in a rythem game the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are three lanes of notes and they put 3 bad notes in a line that is not possible to get past many times. Stay on the First game.
76561198116244257,Recommended,235800,21435723,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ⓥⓘⓓⓔⓞⓖⓐⓜⓔⓡ,"This game isd great for someone who likes to listen to music and playing games. This is also good for an excuse to play video games by saying ""I'm showing him a song"" My point is this game is awesome"
76561198076798903,Recommended,235800,21432562,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Rosstigane,A-M-A-Z-I-N-G
,Recommended,235800,30714131,Posted: 24 March,all,»eCatTheeCat« | csgolive.com,"An astonishing successor to an already amazing game. Audiosurf 2 is one of the best if not the one and only best rhythm/music based games out there. The only problem the first game had is fixed in this one being no modding capability. But this game not only has that it also has better level generation, no longer will the level go off beat a little or slow down when unnecessary. I very highly recommend this game to those who love music!"
76561198059582025,Recommended,235800,29551514,Posted: 28 January,all,Bloempje,Experience your music in a new way.
76561198187543050,Recommended,235800,17012322,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,logitech-blue-falcon,Awesome game ! Just get it.
,Recommended,235800,17068385,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,hansolosblaster,"This game is amazing. It makes your music library feel brand new and fun to listen to again. Plus there are so many great songs in the popular song category they will show you a lot of new music to jam to. Plus it will give you really fun seizures!! (For those with epilepsy, you will just have the regular, not-fun kind of seizures.)"
,Recommended,235800,17069891,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Meyumi,"This game has good music, but only if you want it too"
,Recommended,235800,17084281,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,z7xfla,"This game is even more addicting than the original.  With a smoother interface, Soundcloud integration, and a dedicated community that's already made loads of skins when the game hasn't even been out for that long, it's sure to keep you mesmerized for hours.  It's been very difficult for me to put down once I've started playing; I keep telling myself ""just one more song..."" after each song.  Mono mode is generally all you'll need, though there are other modes you can experiment with out of curiousity.  I've noticed the tracks flow with the songs better in this version than in the original.  Also a plus is that rocks are replaced with spikes, which are easier to get hit by but they'll only remove one block from the column rather than sticking around forever and disrupting your grid.  Definitely recommended, especially if you liked the original."
76561197997958405,Not Recommended,235800,17016232,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Munkira,"I thought Audiosurf 2 will be an upgraded version of Audisurf (even if an upgrade wasn't really needed), I was wrong, terribly wrong !It too difficult and too fast !!I play in ninja, and to get the stealth bonus in the one was not easy, it required skills and reflexes but in the two you just need superhuman skills and reflexes... Also the colours, way too bright and changing too frequently. I am epileptic and never I was so close to have a crisis !!I had no problem with the first game, this one is just beautiful, there's nothing more.Beautiful, too fast, too difficult, need superhuman skills to get ninja bonus.A waste of 14€ !!"
,Recommended,235800,17019288,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PumpkinKing,it's fun. 10/10
,Recommended,235800,17307210,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zdar,"Very nice update to Audiosurf , same enjoyment while playing.Only thing, I think they need to work on the menu UX, they don't look very nice, Audiosurf had the same issue.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=491113859"
,Recommended,235800,17316045,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hayyya,"This game will bring you fun for as long as you have music to play it with, and when that runs out, you can still use the whole Soundcloud library. The only thing lacking is an implementation of YouTube and Last.fm:9/10"
,Recommended,235800,17317285,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BECH,"Amazing new features, but couldnt it just be updated on the first version instead of doing a whole new?8/10"
,Recommended,235800,17265487,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,U2NUMB,"Overall a good package that still provides a unique experience. AS2 is however missing some key features that need to be added such as full stat tracking, achievements and last.fm support. All of which were in AS1.The core gameplay is as fun as ever and the potential is there. The dev does add new features from time to time but goes MIA for large periods of time.Hopefully this turns into a platform or service and they continue to build on what is a great core engine and gameplay with new features for a years to come. If you want a game that offers the ability to ""play"" your own music in a unique way then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,235800,17266012,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,This game + Hotline Miami soundtrack = worth it + bye life
,Recommended,235800,17274234,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Opthicc wubstep,Best dubstep simulator out there
,Recommended,235800,17114493,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,BParadise,Great game! Only had two seizures today while playing!
,Recommended,235800,17253914,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,A confused black woman,I really like this game. Soundcloud intergration just sold it for me and steam workshop intergration is nice too. There are the classic games modes and everything works great.
76561198079120963,Recommended,235800,19261342,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Zoreon,"Awesome game, To be fair I'm a music guy so I'll say that no mater what, but I love how it keeps score to keep things interesting, Quite dapperly and Not a b flat, certainly a F three above the staff"
,Recommended,235800,19260837,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shilo | CSGO.CASH,"This is a gr8 game, you can listen to any music you want to just by searching it up. Its very relaxing and the colors are on point, can't wait for a third one I wander what its gonna be like. If you want play a quality game this is the one for you."
,Not Recommended,235800,14325172,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sparks,"I've played audiosurf 1 and love the game, And really wanted Audiosurf 2... But when I  got it and played it I was... VERY disappointed at what I got, the menu if your not used to it is very hard to maneuver. Controls in game are very sluggish when I tried playing it, I've only played it twice now.. for about maybe 5 minutes together and I've already wished I used my money elsewhere. Graphics are okay and sync is alright, but the first Audiosurf is far better then number 2. But I'm going to continue to play this game after some updates have been done to make the game overall 'better' and the first step would be making the controls less sluggish.So.. If your looking to buy this game when I let this review out... Don't, its not worth the 15$. And the title ""early Access"" dose not mean anything to me now days, more of an excuse to say ""Oh sorry, its early access"" It dose not mean ANY-THING."
76561198104079618,Recommended,235800,19170558,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,grundymark,Game looks gorgeous in 4K.
76561198017195697,Recommended,235800,19169542,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ebil.Geneyus,"This game is infinitely challenging, relaxing, and infinitely replayable. I love playing with my own music, and have discovered some great new additions to my library through the game's song of the day feature. I love grabbing a beer after a long day and flying through a few songs in corkscrew crash mode to unwind. The modding community really shines as well for Audiosurf 2, and there are countless ways to experience the game through the workshop. If you like music, get this game. You won't be dissapointed, and I'll bet you get more play time out of it than you did your last $60 game purchase!"
,Recommended,235800,19063637,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,I'm Very Angry It's Not Butter!,Best PC game ever.
,Recommended,235800,8979923,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,JimSaves,I have updated this review on November 11 2015.Pros1. Much better UI form early access2. Soundcloud support3. Better Modes4. Pretty visuals5. A much better options menu6. Better gameplayCon1. It becomes a little bit hard to focus while playing on some of the other game modes because of the visuals.So far I am actually really enjoying this version of Audiosurf 2. I am sorry for my previous review of this game. Looking back on it now I was kind of a moron when writeing that review...
,Not Recommended,235800,10266273,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,InsaneFox (InsaneFox),"To be perfectly honest, this game isn't that bad... and I might be a little harsh on it since it's still in development.  However, after playing (and loving) the original Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 feels more like a crappy knockoff than a second version.  I know the graphics are supposed to be flashy, but right now, the game itself just feels cheesy with with long chains of points every other beat just to inflate my score.  Although, I will admit that the only mode from the original is the one mode they kept, you just won't have that same intensity you the game gave you in the first game.  Also, never in my entire life, would I have thought that I would be criticizing a rythym game for it's camera angle, but why in the world would you alter that from the original game.  Yeah, I guess the lower camera angle makes it easier to see what's 10 seconds ahead, but at the sacrifice of what's happening in the next 2 seconds.TLDR:  Go buy the original first, it's more fun"
,Recommended,235800,9068840,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dalenshee,"I was pretty excited about the release of AS2, as I was a huge fan of the first. I had initial issues at first, but after a few well needed updates, the game became playable. The maps have gotten a big upgrade from the original game, and more modes makes for many more challenges.  Excitement before purchase? 10/10. Excitement after purchase? 10/10.Thanks Dev team for fixing the issues!"
,Recommended,235800,16691119,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ramma,"Linux version was broken for a long time, but is working as expected now. Loading songs over SFTP is a bit laggy at times, but that's probably just a problem with the protocol, not the game."
76561198034471227,Not Recommended,235800,16879952,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,foxfire206,"Have heard good things about this game and would love to play it... but it just doesn't work on a Mac, even though it's supposed to be supported. After trying for a half hour on two different Macs, I have to give up. Every time I click play on the menu screen, it just freezes. Then some menu items work, while others like the browse music button stop responding altogether. Just feels very buggy & is ultimately unplayable. Pretty upsetting."
,Recommended,235800,9871838,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Lě Shãdow (rG),freaking awesesome
76561198094675316,Recommended,235800,19077802,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,Ian Curtis would have approved.God Bless his soul.
,Recommended,235800,19076864,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dr.Janice,"Great game sort of a mix between Rock Band Blitz and Guitar Hero. It gives me something to do while listening to my music, and it's addictive. Ithink I'll be playing much more of this"
,Recommended,235800,16017033,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,stone,"Edit (MUCH BETTER!) : Seems to be fixed now, I can fully recommend the game at this point. Classic as it always will be. It can use some smoothing out, but for now, I am reliving one of my favorite games as a teenager, thanks!I loved the first audiosurf. It was fun, it had sweet graphics and, because I ran a bootlegged mac version, it was a little buggy. Yet, I made it work. I figured out the kinks and moved on. That was 5 or 6 years ago on a worse computer. Now, with a newer macbook, I was ecstatic to see Audisurf 2 was officially released with a mac port. I bought it immediately, and to my disappointment, the game is broken. The menus are a mess, the song selection is even worse and it doesn't even play! It took me 30 min of trying to see if I could load one of my own songs, but it just crashes. After that I gave up and played the songs everyone else was playing, it crashed 2 or 3 times before finally letting me play the game at all. I made it about 1/4 of the way through a song and the game froze and crashed. I started to get messages from friends asking why I was kept rebooting the game. I gave up after that.I love the idea of a reboot for this game, but by no means is it ready for any kind of real release. It's really disappointing that a game so much older than this can run better and look better. That said, I am hopeful in the next few weeks or months, a lot of these bugs will be sorted through and the game will work. Until then, I wouldn't waste your time."
,Recommended,235800,19097824,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,シェーン,"Seizure simulator 2015Even more bumpy, bright, and explosive than the previous. The original being the reason I even downloaded steam way back in 2010, this one is sure to keep me on steam for another 5 years. You don't even NEED the music on your computer to play any song you want, just type it in the search engine they have and bam. All songs at your fingertips, and they even have soundcloud integration so you can listen to those indie artists (such as CruciA for example) that you might not normally be able to find with ease."
,Recommended,235800,9979651,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Bingobluey,after the developer dylan ask me to look at his game again after many needed changes i now see that it is a pretty good game and now with controller support :D sorry for the harsh review before dylanvvvv(old) wated my money with this crap cant even get the controller to work with it
,Recommended,235800,19094804,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,NiKkeR,"Really nice game, second in a row .. enjoying every mod you can get from steam workshop that allows you to download ever mod for two players!"
,Recommended,235800,19100143,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,RandomGamer34,Pretty nice game to chill
,Recommended,235800,19306075,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,my chair broke,"You may ask, why should I buy this game. There are some good reasons to buy:1. Your eye's will get so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥s like your mama when she's alone with uncle Tom.2. Support the guys who made this, so they now, they keep up working and give us an Audiosurf 33. Because I say so, it's awesome!10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,235800,17226171,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,"Captain ""Snow Fox""",Best 5 minute download game ever. It is a very small game and is very fun and addictive.
76561198008025248,Recommended,235800,17229666,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rajton,"trippy, hell yeah"
,Recommended,235800,17370009,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Rick,awesome game ;)
,Recommended,235800,17439342,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Bombshell,"Overview:Audiosurf 2 is a rhythm game that has the player moving a spaceship along a fixed track to the beat of their own music. The game will generate a track for any audio clip, and the game will play differently for every song you choose. However, it does lose its' charm after some time.Gameplay:Audiosurf 2 is focused on a single aspect of gameplay, and rides with it (No pun intended) through the whole game. You move your car/ship side to side using the mouse or keyboard, collecting coloured bricks and avoiding spikes. It's very simple, but also very compelling. Since each song creates a different track, the possibilities for this game are essentially endless, seeing as it accepts any audio clip of any length, music or otherwise.There are many different modes to play, but most people lean towards a single branch of gameplay, called ""mono"". In this mode, your goal is to simply collect bricks and avoid, which takes out many of the more complicated aspects of the game. While the other options are decent, I found ""mono"" to be the only exceptional one. This led me to begin to question if the game was worth the $16 CAD price tag.The game runs well on most computers, as there are quite a few customisable performance options. There are no glitches that I've found as of yet, and overall the generator for each song works well. There are, however, more spikes in this game than in Audiosurf 1, which I don't like very much. I've found many situations in which I had to lose my perfection bonus because of a situation with no way to escape spike-free.8/10 overall, solid gameplay with a few quirks that hold it back from being amazing.Graphics:Audiosurf 2 has made a large step up from its' predecessor in graphical capabilities. The game looks smoother and sharper than the last, and the game is optimised really well. There's not any performance drop when the song begins to speed up, which is great for trying to achieve a good score.The default graphics for the game aren't personally my favourite ever, because I dislike how dull the game looks in default. That's where the Steam Workshop for this game comes into play. There are hundreds of different visual ""skins"" for the game, all of which are free of charge. They can completely change the feel of the game, and in my opinion the whole game would be worse off without them.7.5/10. The option to completely overhaul the game's look and feel is impressive, but I'm disappointed that there was a need to change those aspects of the game.Replayability:The fact that Audiosurf 2 has an infinite amount of content for you to enjoy both in gameplay, music, and graphics means that there shouldn't really be any question about it; The replay value of this game is through the roof. You'll be coming back time and time again to try new songs or to try old ones in a different mode and skin. I've seen people with hours on this game in the thousands. If that doesn't explain itself, then I'm not sure what will. I have gotten bored of this game a couple of times, but I've come back the day after because of how compelling it is.9.5/10, extremely replayable if done in bursts rather than long sessions.Other notable things about the game:+ Multiplayer is enabled for those who enjoy competing against others. +0.3 total score.+ Audio quality is really high and provides an immersive experience. +0.1 total score.- Multiplayer is non-optional, making the game feel more competitive, something I dislike in this kind of game. -0.2 total scoreTHE VERDICT----------------Overall, Audiosurf 2 is an astounding game. I was slightly disappointed with the lack of interesting game modes and the look of the default game, but what it lacks in those areas it more than makes up for in others. This is one of the many titles I would recommend to any person who owns a PC, and more so to any lover of music and rhythm games.TOTAL SCORE: 8.5/10 ""Great"""
,Recommended,235800,17887979,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,SmallTownCityMan,One of the best music-based games out there.  The selection of tracks and the leader boards offer a variety of challenge.  Only drawback is there is no way to 'bookmark' your music selections (that I can find).
13248912849124912,Recommended,235800,17739801,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,A Walking Abortion,"A personal favourite. Turn your music into a stream of psychadelic colours, while also adding in the features of tap tap from the mobile platforms. Use the music from your computers, or stream from soundcloud and watse away hours into trying to get the high score for that song/mode combo. The amount of modes give you potential and refreash the whole listen to music while tapping to the beat and add fresh new ideas. I will definately be spending more time on this game in the future and may have to buy the first game just to compare. There is something so satisfying about this game and everybody needs to try it NOW!Whitty's rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,16576241,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,0-0-17,"This is from someone who doesn't own Audiosurf 1: As someone with a massive music collection (1800+ CD's and paid MP3 releases), Audiosurf 2 is the ultimate casual game and can be played as fast or slow as you feel like at the time. I'm quite a fan of winding down by playing really frantic tracks. There's a whole suite of modes depending on how you want to surf, the mod community has been pretty active already creating new skins to suite a broader palette of tastes and there are global leaderboards if you actually care about competitive surfing. So yes I do recommend it because I really enjoy it but......it is an incomplete game - the UI is a bit unweidly, there's quite a few very basic features that are missing like any way of tracking what songs you've surfed (bar a very basic recent tracks page) or your scores for various tracks (I don't care about globel leaderboards, I want to see how well I've done cmpared to my other attempts), creating playlists (i.e multiple tracks linked together), and only being able to surf soundcloud means that if you don't collect music like I do then you're at the mercy of whatever the artists have decided to upload (I'd like to be able to surf from my Bandcamp profile). So if any of those are dealbreakers then put it on your wishlist and check back in 6 months otherwise, it's hours of simple, diverse fun and well worth the investment if you have a big collection."
,Recommended,235800,17868739,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SCORPION2000,Awesome and fun game lissen to good music and ride it home!
,Recommended,235800,17537934,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,StiLLy,You can relax in this game. Music and simple gameplay will help you get the buzz.
,Recommended,235800,17546718,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Tyrskalf [LORD OF DRINK],"I kinda wish I got the original instead, I remember loving the original played it for thousands of hours ( on my old account that was hacked. ) Now don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad game, but it's not the same feel that I miss. Unfortunately, can't afford the original now that i bought the sequel."
,Recommended,235800,17182198,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Pacowaka,"This is like Audiosurf 1, but they went the Garry's Mod-esqe route and made everything customizable.  Very fun if you like visualizations reacting to music, or music just in general. :D"
,Recommended,235800,17215566,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:The look and feel are better than the first game.Integration with Sound CloudMod supportCons:Similar to originalCan be hard to find songs that other people play depending on your taste in music.
76561198125899780,Recommended,235800,17191146,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Larry The Cucumber,Love the Game and is a good way to pass time when you're bored!
,Recommended,235800,17528356,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Deltaforce2665,The original Audiosurf was already one of my favourite music based games. But when you add enhanced graphics and workshop support? It extends the life and enjoyment of the product so much more! Buy it
,Recommended,235800,17554469,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,accessiblegamer,"Audiosurf 2 is an extremely clever casual ""Racing"" game.It uses a song from your personal mp3 collection (which is, of course, 100% legally obtained), and creates a racetrack populated with multicolored blocks for you to run over and spikes for you to avoid. The gameplay is simple: move your car left and right using your mouse, keyboard, or whatever. The blocks appear in rhythm with the song, and at high points, you can hit a ""Super Power Block,"" which send you flying through a corkscrew as you frantically try to tag them while your pulse matches the song's BPM (or maybe it's the other way around, I can't really tell).Audiosurf has multiple racing modes such as ""Ninja"" (where you get a bonus for avoiding all the spikes), or ""Tricky"" (where you race as a surfer and can launch yourself in the air at the song's high points, and do tricks while in midair). But it's not the game control's ease of use that makes Audiosurf such a great fit for disabled players. Nor is it the casual nature of the game itself – I'm more concerned with improving on my high score than with making any of the leaderboards.The best part of this game by far is my adapted infrared head-tracking mouse.Of course, this is not an actual achievement of the game design other than allowing control of the car with the mouse, but the end result is me intently staring at my screen, frantically shaking my head back and forth as the beat is banging in my headphones. I've rocked out to all kinds of my favorite techno tracks, some indie rock, and a fair amount of circa 1990s era hip-hop. Not only have I never been dissatisfied with a run, but after every single ride I find myself out of breath.Pros: If you can move a mouse left and right, operate the left and right buttons on a keyboard, or use a joystick, you can play.The accessibility threshold for this game is extremely low. Even able bodied players can enjoy the incredibly high replay value as each track is unique to the song being played, and each song can be raced through using any of the various game-modes. The icing on the cake is that this game is integrated with Steam Workshop, so there is plenty of user-generated content such as custom mini games and unique racetrack skins.Cons: As I mentioned, this is a casual game.Those looking for an experience more epic than making the Top Ten for a particular song, or breaking one's high score may be disappointed. Also the native game doesn't have multiplayer support, however there are some mods that do, though I have yet to try them.Accessibility Breakdown:Audiosurf 2 has a very high entertainment-to-access ratio.I've already covered how it works for the physically disabled, so I might as well cover other disabilities. This game wouldn't be much fun for those with auditory disabilities, and completely useless for those who are completely blind. However, it would be just fine for the colorblind. The different colors on the blocks you need to hit are just for show, and the shapes used for the spikes you need to avoid look different enough to pose pose few, if any, difficulties."
,Recommended,235800,17560757,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TellJoolz,REALLY REALLY Needs playlist function and automatically play next.
,Recommended,235800,17560813,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RotaMafia,"In a clinical context: *Audiosurf II, can be defined strictly by the muscular contractions involved during *gaming activity, along with the characteristic patterns of change in heart rate, blood pressure, and often respiration rate and depth. This is categorized as the sudden discharge of accumulated *Gaming tension during the *Gaming/Music response cycle, resulting in rhythmic muscular contractions in the pelvic region and Through the whole body ! . . . c"",)[ * = Org'sm ;p ]~The sensation is extremely pleasurable and is often felt throughout the body, causing a mental state that is often described as transcendental!;p . .   Associated pleasure comparable to that of a full-contractionary Mental F**k ! ! XD . . . - SO RECOMMENDED ! ! XD . ."
,Recommended,235800,17570105,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,data turbotrades.gg,Remarkable game.
,Recommended,235800,17520220,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,The Intercep-DUH-r,"This has quickly grown to become one of my favourite games.It's fun, and depending on which skin you decide to use, beautiful. (I recommend the Spektrum Flashy skin)It's reminiscent of the first game, but with workshop support and a bunch of tweaks.I think it's a big improvement over the first game, definitely worth picking up.One more thing: This game is really nice to play with a 360/One-controller."
,Recommended,235800,17584622,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,SpiderNoir14,"This is one of the best games ever! Way better than the first Audiosurf. I really enjoy playing the game and listening to awesome music. Unlike the first game, Audiosurf 2 lets you search up about any song. if you find this game and you have enough to get it, BUY IT!!! My rating is 11/10."
,Recommended,235800,17590440,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ChickenNuggetBurgler,BEST GAME EVER WHEN STONED! I approve this game
76561198180001457,Recommended,235800,17957577,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mysterylady,Lots of Fun! Thumbs UP! :)
76561198032053375,Recommended,235800,16900287,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MasterLinx64,"Fun and playfull music game! With the added community support, this game is a lot of fun for a music enthusiast"
76561198102801402,Not Recommended,235800,16922188,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,76561198102801402,Bought this game since i wanna have a music game in my library.Well not dissapointed but the arrow key control are pretty hard to master.Not really my type but will play this sometimes.
76561198046299529,Recommended,235800,17135135,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TarturasVII,"The Pros:This game is highly addictive and offers potentially endless hours of replay time due to the fact that it is an ever evovling and shape shifting type of game. I really love electronic music and it works very well witht his game, the flashy colors, the gathering of colored blocks to earn points, and the competitive atmosphere really solidify this as a good quality game for me.The Cons:For me this game is still iggy and there does not seem to be any immediate fix for the the problems I am suffering. For example I cannot connect my soundcloud account with adiosurf (which is one of the big reasons as to why I bought this game in the first place). The loading screen that pops up when a song's course is being built is always blank for me and also at times the game refuses to let me ply the songs I select and instead atoumatically plays the song of the day.Overall:10/10, would have a siezure becuse of the pretty colors again and again and again..."
,Recommended,235800,16883889,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SalmonGod,"To be honest, there are not many areas where this game expands or improves on the first.  But it should be kept in mind that the first Audiosurf was an incredibly goddamn solid title.  So take that how you will.  It's debatable whether this was worthy of release as Audiosurf 2, or if perhaps it should have been a DLC expansion on the first or something.That said, there is significant improvement on track generation, and this is pretty big.  The first game was impressive, but this one feels perfect in terms of the block timing, backgrounds, speed, and track movement all syncing up perfectly and making you feel like you're really inside the song.Other changes I feel more iffy about.Mod support is the #1 example.  I'm normally all over mods.  But honestly, nobody's really come up with much that changes the game fundemantally enough to justify splintering the community, due to every game mode having its own scoreboard.  There's like 50 version of Ninja Mono out there, and all 90% of them do is adjust the speed or scoring system a bit.  It's nice to be able to find a game mode that fits exactly what you like, but then who cares if the scoring system is perfect when you're the only person on the scoreboard?The skinning is fantastic, though.  There is some really gorgeous stuff and decent variety on that front.The most disappointing aspect is the UI.  Functionality is roughly on par with the first, but with a severely unpolished look and feel.  And the song browser is a tiny bit better, but not what I'd expect from v2.0 of a game that's all about the music.  In my opinion, that song browser should be as powerful as in my actual music player (MusicBee), but it's not even halfway there.  You still have to browse your music through the windows file system, and this is incredibly burdensome for anyone with a large music library.  There's a search function, but it displays online results and local files together with no indication which is which.  If I search for an OCRemix title, I can't even tell which result is on youtube, and which is on my hard drive."
,Recommended,235800,16888338,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,haleyhaleyhaley,I am really impressed with it. Quite a beautiful game..
76561198048140398,Recommended,235800,16889980,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,HartOz,"A really good game, entertaining and a change from the norm.Unfortunately its not worth playing competitvely as the online scores are marred by blatant cheaters, who re-write metadata and use fake songs to get obscenely high scores."
,Recommended,235800,16894192,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Vendetta,so much better than audiosurf  you dont even have to download the music to play it
,Recommended,235800,13717804,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Reanimated Steve Jobs,"+Very enjoyable gameplay, perfect soundtracks, nice graphics-Cannot search music and no sorting"
76561198063196346,Recommended,235800,13961580,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,.stuehlchen,It's great to fly through this mesmorizing visualizer. Love it! <3
76561198076402444,Recommended,235800,13534961,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sigick,Developed Epileptic Seizures while surfing Blue Oyster Cult11/10
,Recommended,235800,10271183,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SillyPeruvian@PSN,"Dethrone update fixes a TON of bugs. The game looks and feels much better.Compared to Audiosurf 1, mono in this game is actually fun and rewarding. Not to mention, with Dethrone update, it's even more reactive to music changes. I cannot wait for the full version release of this game, already a big step up from Audiosurf 1.EDIT: Picking this up after a while, and one thing I don't like: There's no control over gamepad vibration, nor any way to turn it completely off. Come on, not everyone likes the darned thing vibrating throughout the entire song. It's highly distracting, not to mention annoying because it uses 100% force instead of mild vibrations."
,Recommended,235800,13590439,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nixtusj27,10/10 like the GREATEST GAME EVER MADE than the 1st Audiosurf
,Recommended,235800,16855071,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Crylon,Who doesn't like a game that is beautiful and is ran by your favorite tunes? This game was worth every dollar when I bought it. Has a great Workshop community and is ran by songs off of SoundCloud whoch is certainly up my alley of listening to music. 9/10
,Recommended,235800,16160608,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CT,Much better than the original! Steam workshop support is great.
,Recommended,235800,16267623,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Beazt87,really funny game and asolutely worth it!
,Recommended,235800,10879909,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ZironZ,Do you like music?Do you have a large MP3 collection?Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,235800,12169422,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Will The Kill,"Revised review on 6/8/15 after the game has left Early Access.Audiosurf 2 is a solid improvement over the first game from 2008.  There's a lot of game modes to choose from - some familiar from the first game, and a lot of new options as well.  The biggest selling point for this game has to be the Steam community feature.  There are so many cool visual effects to choose from that really enhance the gameplay.  On top of that, the SoundCloud integration is really cool.  This makes searching for new songs that you don't have on your own desktop incredibly easy.I initially advised against picking up Audiosurf 2 specifically for people like myself who have fairly large music libraries within a single folder.  When I played the game in Early Access, it would end up completely freezing for about 10 minutes when it tried to load my folder of ~12,000 songs, since it's pulling the ID3 tags and album art and displaying it to each song choice.  This wouldn't have been as big of a problem if it only did this once (like in the first Audiosurf), but the same thing happened after every single song.Now having played the game after its official release, they've added an option to open Windows Explorer and browse through your folders to search for what you want.  By doing this, it has eliminated any freezing issues I once encountered, and my main game-breaking complaint is no more.I can now say without a doubt that Audiosurf 2 is worth the purchase for everyone - for fans of the original Audiosurf, as well as those who never tried out the first one but who want to make a game out of listening to their music."
76561198006393869,Not Recommended,235800,16277770,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Do you have any viognier?,"I much prefer the original audiosurf, at least it doesn't force your ship back to the centre lane if no keys are being pressed, this new addition makes Audiosurf 2 very frustrating to play."
,Recommended,235800,16815975,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Joseph McCarthy,"An updated and upgraded version of Audiosurf 1.Pros:Soundcloud integrationSkin choicesIn-game score comparisonsEasy to use UICons:They took away the ""1 2 3"" keyboard controls"
,Recommended,235800,8387833,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,cyan,"since pre release the game has come a long way and is pretty much stable, once you get used to the engine it gets incredibly fun, much better than the original."
76561198011206537,Recommended,235800,16478491,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Majik2k5,"Truly an upgrade from the original.  With the addition of the steam workshop, players can now do more than ever before with their music.  This is the be all end all of beat games in my opinion and I spent much of my life as a ddr/itg fanatic.  I firmly believe that the ability to use your own music on a track that is generated based on the music itself is a feat and we got that with the first audiosurf.  Enter the sequel.  More modes, more graphics, more fun!  User created modes and skins are what make audiosurf 2 the game it is, totally worth it."
,Recommended,235800,16482994,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kanadeara,"If you have ever wanted to experience something that is as good as butter on warm toast, but as visually stimulating as being on acid while at a dance club; then you have found your match. 10/10 would buy again if I could."
,Recommended,235800,16525324,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Charlie,"I have a Mac, so I didn't play Audiosurf 1. This review won't be about comparing, it will be about the game itself. Alright, so I've wanted this game for a while and when the summer sales came around I decided I'd pick it up.First Impressions: The menu didn't look too too great, but there aren't many other ways to fit so much on a little screen. I was surprised from the many options/gamemodes you could choose from, and I explored with all of them. They are all fantastic and they all sync with the songs very well.Speaking of that, OH MY GOD. There are so many songs! If there was one thing I was surprised by it was the amount of songs they already had. If they didn't have that very, very specific song you're looking for it allows you to use your own songs, too.Anyways, definitely a great game and I am planning on playing a lot more of it.- Charlie"
,Recommended,235800,16529043,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Raylore2000,Wow!!!! This game is really awesome. if your looking for something to play and enjoy music at the same time? then this is your cake you and have and eat too. this game is filled with mind bobbleing turns and twist as you play through your favorite tracks and your favorite artist music gives you all the fun filled action your gonna crave in this fun filled packed audio game. so go ahead buy a copy for you or your friends and support the development of this game and enjoy your music and play it too. sweet :)
,Recommended,235800,16454842,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wormri,"This is how I listen to music now.Plenty of modes and skins to choose from, with ever expanding levels.. which are basically the tracks you choose listening to. As a composer, I can basically ""create"" new levels with each song I compose.Great for every kind of music, I give this game a 9.9/10"
,Recommended,235800,17966314,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,uteki,It's ok.
,Recommended,235800,20102130,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MisterDiGiT,Amazing.
,Recommended,235800,20136091,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,iPodwallify,Great game for all music lovers!
,Recommended,235800,20134460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dade,so fun
,Recommended,235800,20143386,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wabasi,"There's not much I can say about this game that others already have. BUT who can deny that it isn't amazing that this game is literally endless. You just find a new song you wanna ride, and you play some more audiosurf. I'd give this game a solid 8/10. Potentially worth full price, but a must have if on sale."
,Recommended,235800,20146110,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Inanis,"I loved audiosurf 1 and got many many hours of joy surfing my favourite tracks, so when I saw audiosurf 2 I was ecstatic! There is only two things that stop this game from being truly great however. The first is the UI, soundcloud streaming is all very well and good but there are a plethora of terrible covers of the same song available and not being able to see the full title of the song until you have loaded it up gets really dull really quick, dullness leads to frustration, frustration leads to anger and anger leads to alt-F4. But that in itself isnt what's left me truly peeved. What's really got my goat is the discussion on spotify integration, by discussion of course I mean one-way conversation. Back in early 2014 the dev refused to deny or affirm any ideas about spotify integration which led me to believe (at the time) that maybe talks were happening and we just werent sure if it was going to fall through or not yet. Now at the end of 2015 and the community has spent the last 2 years banging their heads together and found a few possible ways around it. Really to have spotify integration would be a boon to both groups as it would encourage people to get premium to play on AS2 and the audiosurf dev would have just secured a massive demographic. But it seems mostly that this is an issue of licencing... or atleast thats the conclusion the community has come to because since then the AS2 dev has shutdown all communication on the matter. The spotify licencing agreement is that it cannot allow its music to be integrated for the purpose of commercial projects, this would mean it would need to be a workshop mod of some description that utilizes the offline playback feature so the songs can be downloaded and cached locally ready for AS2 to apply its algorithms.I know thats a fair bit of work and you would still need spotify's okay to go ahead but the least he could have done was communicate with the community on this. Good game but the dev has left me slightly sour because everytime I look he (or his mods?) has removed/deleted or just generally shutdown any critique of the game. 9/10 for game 5/10 for dev."
,Recommended,235800,20093707,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Zefius,Like your own music?Waiting for something to download?Bored?Play this game.It's a very good time waster when:♦Waiting for something to download♦No internet♦BoredomWould recommend to others.
,Recommended,235800,20332436,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SuperSweetSucc,"Exactly like the first audiosurf but with improved menus and really beautiful graphics. If you are going to buy an audiosurf buy the second one, because it is generally better than its predecessor."
,Recommended,235800,20267471,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,Awesome results with electronic music. Instrumental music make the game feel a bit slow. I don't listen to electronic music. I still recommand the game for those who do.
,Recommended,235800,16784256,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,babe newell,It Ain't No Audiosurf One
,Recommended,235800,20159513,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,wilford,"Pretty much a clone of Audiosurf 1 but is better in a lot of ways. For one, Audiosurf 2 is much better at placing blocks at the right places to keep the beat of the song where Audiosurf 1 fell flat. Plus it's on Mac and Linux so that's a plus. Almost no new modes from Audiosurf 1 though. Oh and it looks better."
,Recommended,235800,20239309,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rank 1 Gusher Racer,Great music rhythm game and I love that you can choose any song over Soundcloud. A great game.
76561198154965936,Not Recommended,235800,20224583,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Joel YsiSeiska,+It actually plays all my song library+Control options and funcionality are fine-All the game modes are too similar-The 'notes' hardly follow the rhythm-No tutorial-Main menu is kinda weird
,Recommended,235800,20223380,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝KarKarra⎠⎞ ~  カレ,played hard rock music360mph11/10
,Recommended,235800,20202831,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PiZzAz,"Wow, this game is cool. The basic premice is that you enter in some music and it builds a coustom track that is sync'd with it. You dodge spikes and collect points. Infinite replayability, as there is no story. My only problem is that is it doesn't have a hook/ gimmic that makes you want to play it. I don't think there are any achievements, just a leaderboard. On a scale of 1-10 I would rate this a 6. the graphics and menus are really pretty and the ability to choose the mode you play in is cool. Overall, a good, high tech game. I reccomend to buy it on sale, as it is not worth $15. I bought it on the Christmas sale for $6."
,Recommended,235800,20068125,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dravendless,"If youre the type of person who:-enjoys musical games like DDR, osu!, or guitar hero-is very competetive-wants to feel the music they listen to-likes modding games-wants a game to fill small increments of time-wants a game that will get a lot of bang for your buckthen i would strongly reccomend Audiosurf2 to you.If youre the type of person who:-gets vertigo easily-dislikes rollercoasters-dilikes scoreboards-gets bored with games like DDR, osu!, or guitar hero-hates music?then i would recommend you look elsewhere for a game."
,Not Recommended,235800,20139090,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Braneman,"There is no way to turn off the online features. so whenever you're selecting your own songs you'll be attacked by ads for whatever the hell the ""song of the day"" is. Also the game taunts you with whoever is at the top of the leaderboard WHILE YOU'RE PLAYING THE GAME, on top of that there doesn't seem to be a way to not submit your scores to the leaderboard.So while I'm trying to learn the game and learn the song I'm either being assaulted with ads for songs I couldn't give half a♥♥♥♥♥♥about if I was being paid, or I'm being taunted with leaderboards saying that somebody got an ungodly higher score than mine with no option to actually turn that off."
,Recommended,235800,20343480,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RoboCat,"Adds a new meaning to playing music in that you're actually riding songs.  With many unique looks and game types to choose from you'll get to enjoy music in a whole different way that's lots of fun.Pros:-Play songs from SoundCloud or your computer-Great gameplay-Gorgeous graphics-Global and Regional scoreboards adds a competitive side to the game-Tons of Modes and Skins-Steam WorkshopCons:-SoundCloud account log in white screen issue-Search bar randomly takes you out of typing in, when clicked on your text disappears"
,Recommended,235800,20408399,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mr. Lactose,"I'm recommending this game for two reasons: the first is that Audiosurf 2 is a fantastic rhythm game. I've had it since it was first released on Early Access, and it has remained one of the most consistently enjoyable competitive games to cross my path during that time. I can honestly say the this is a thoroughly worthy follow-up to Audiosurf, one of my all-time favorite games. The second reason is that almost none of my friends own it, and I'd love it if everybody I know bought a copy. Competition online is fun and all, but it's so much more personal if you actually know the player behind the score!"
,Recommended,235800,20407224,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GoGoMan12,Yeah it is comfy. would recommend everyday.
,Recommended,235800,20446858,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lucky Jack,Solid improvement over the original.Graphics are crisper and there are visual skins (see variation in the store page screenshots).Soundcloud integration works nicely.A good buy on sale.
76561198014076363,Recommended,235800,16577987,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DJ BongBing,I like this game because it has a great soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,235800,16849714,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Flamingo Twist,Rubbish compared to audiosurf 1.  A major step back
,Recommended,235800,16629586,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,zedling,"I really like Audiosurf. I have spent over 2000 hours playing it, but I'm talking aboutthe first one. At the time it was ""perfect"", woth noting, there was no real alternative or similar game then - at least not that is know of (some people may mention Guitar Hero, but im not one of them).For old playersI've playedAudiosurf 2in the Alpha too,  and I wasn't satified. At the moment i have a total of 13 hours in the second one, that unsatisfied I was. Today I've played my first song in thereleasedversion, and I saw theLight.The graphics were kinda distracting, but it's something You can get used to, even if You played a lot with the first one.The controlls got much-much better, the performance is excelent for me, and it had been improved significantly since early access.For the people who complain about the missing features like more detailed stats or more ways to play songs, I can say one thing only: Be patient, it took first one to be feature rich some time too; I'm sure eventually we will have everything We ask.For new playersI sincerily recommend this game. It will rewrite the way You think of music. It will transfrom Your old favorites, to new favorites, make You listen to more music, make You enjoy some of Your music (even) more, reduce ate amount of boredness You get from listening to the same track over and over again, and much more!Try the demo!Demand Demos instead of Preoders!If you enjoy listening to music, this purchause can not go wrong.Note for You guys who create musicThis game will also turn Your favorite software into aLevel Editor;PCheers!"
76561198212921788,Recommended,235800,16680451,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SpindleRib,A'll im going to say is:BUY IT IF YOU LIKE DANCE MUSIC.e.g: Monstercat.It.Is.AMAZING.
,Recommended,235800,16618099,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,interesting Output,"Launch Status Review (The 24 June OHSH-- Edit):My recommendation is NOW positive, but let me get critical for a moment.The algorythmic behavior for Audiosurf 2 is different than Audiosurf 1. Which means up-slope songs that you encounter on the first Audiosurf may have some segments boosted in AS2. Puzzle league got pushed in later than usual (A minus), but tweaks are still being made to it. However, there really are no stock adjustments to existing modes excluding mono, which got the more causal and masochistic Ninja Mono that is nothing similar to the Ninja Mono of AS1 (A minus).Casual mono is like old AS2 mono, where you can practically get ""help"" with reaction. Not helpful when you are good enough to get to the blocks.I think the redeeming factor that AS2 has that AS1 will never have is the combination of mono with stunts - yes I am talking about Wakeboard mode - and there are variants to make that even more punishing (A plus). And the other redeeming factor that AS2 has that AS1 will never have is that you can create ENTIRE NEW MODES with AS2* (A plus), and the skinning is even more promising using the same flex* (A plus).*You need standard know-how of Lua to do this. (No modification).However, AS1 does something that AS2 won't do, primarily because AS2 is now cross-platofrm: you can't play WMAs, which means I'll have to try and sloppy transcode them [ARGH!], rerip them [ARGH!] or digitally reacquire them [Achievement Get: Burnt Pockets! ARGH!] (A minus).So yeah. The only saving grace that AS2 has is the fact you can mod the hell out of it, creating new modes as well. The big boost factor, and the extra credit that lets me maintain my Recommended vote: SOUNDCLOUD INTEGRATION! Yes, you can now audiosurf the Soundcloud space. And if you've been through Early Access, it's been an important factor.Because of some overlooks, I recommend this now. But it is ultimately up to you to decide."
76561198085827459,Recommended,235800,16140782,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,question authority,Not really listening to mainstream music has never felt lonelier.
,Recommended,235800,16691712,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DJRedSpinach,I play this game to chill out with all my favorite tracks! LOVE IT!Definitely worth the price of admission!
,Recommended,235800,16652746,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,∫Androsen,LSD simulator 2015
,Recommended,235800,16658629,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Urist McHammerbeard,Hella goodMany hours of gameplay
76561198081724255,Recommended,235800,16663393,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GoldenBlackHole,;u; its addicting
,Recommended,235800,16307139,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SadisticSchizo,9001/10 amazin
76561198011297481,Recommended,235800,16374816,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Solar Aaron,"Grab some music and the game will do it's magic with it. No mp3 music? Try soundcloud. Bored already? Try the workshop. Think you can twist it further? Mod it with Lua (it's basic) (no, not BASIC, not even the visual one) (eww).10/10 would play another 250+ hours again."
,Recommended,235800,16375668,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Commander,It is so pretty... any hard/fast song you have will be hella fun to play in this game.
,Recommended,235800,16375965,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Scoodles,"It's like the last one, but even better. I loved the first version of this game, but now it feel so much better. I play the""Mono"" mode mostly. The spikes are so much harder to dodge now and it make the game much more fun. The lights, detail and colors are awesome to. Great tripy music game."
,Recommended,235800,16393117,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,chippy,"This is a proper sequel to the first game and already has a lot of great features with more soon to come. Buy this game and surf your library, you won't regret it."
76561198065863607,Recommended,235800,16394704,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,bubbakev118,this is one of the best games i have ever played. the comunity is great the compotiton is fun and ontop of all of that you get to listeten to your music while playing it.
,Recommended,235800,16385088,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,the Unusual Gamer,"The first time I discovered music based games I stummbled onto a Flash game on Facebook; Vector Stunt. It's a very simple game, but the idea of incorperating music into the fundamental mechanics of the game was audacious. To me it's the next step in the game industry's creativity - making the soundtrack you're listening to become part of the very game you're playing. With this in mind I picked up Audiosurf 2 in ernest.The best way to descirbe Audiosurf is it's a music-based arcade......racer I suppose. I say that simply because while all the game modes are competative in that you can compare your scores with the rest of the world, every game mode is played solo. The game is very simple to understand and play, but like all truely great games it is difficult to master. You select a track from either your own music library or the game's in-build cloud with can stream millions of tracks, making replay more or less infinite. The game analyses the selected track and generates a 3D track for you to play on, placing power-ups and multipliers in specific places where the music reaches its 'moments', which seem to be when a large, energetic change in the music occurs. It's hard to get into any more specifics about the game because of the wide array of game modes to play! Puzzle, Mono - the competative game, Wakeboard, Runner - a totally different way to play involving a Free Runner character, even a Kaleidoscope mode which isn't even a game! You just pick a track and watch.As well as that are different skins for your Audiosurfing, including a nice MineCraft-y place with spinning structures, and something like a 1950's dusk scene in a car. To add to that are fan-made skins which are very cool, I personally have a Super Mario Bros. skin and one where your car is a Blue Falcon.Sure, this isn't a Call of Duty or a Grand Theft Auto or a Resident Evil like game, but this game is so wonderfully done and  it gives you the freedom to play it with your favorite music, to me it represents the coalescing of two of the greatest things about a great gaming experience; a great soundtrack and a brilliant idea. If you love your music you NEED to play this game."
76561197970797348,Recommended,235800,16444678,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Drib,"A lot of flash, not much substance.  But that's fun sometimes.  An enjoyable way to listen to music and have something flashy and distracting going on at the same time."
,Recommended,235800,16464989,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,UCanCallMeAl,"Audiosurf 2 is a must-have for music lovers, race car drivers, and everyone else caught in between. No matter which difficulty you play on, the concept and experience of driving on a track while cruising to your tunes is one that is exciting and memorable.It is recommended to use an external mouse instead of the keyboard or built-in mousepad.9/10"
,Recommended,235800,16206231,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,CowardMontBlanc,"Love this game so much, this game eventually feature out most of the songs I have in my playlist and they even featured out several popular songs in recommended section."
,Recommended,235800,16208048,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Jacamawama,I LOVE THIS GAME SOOOOO MUCH Its just amazing
,Recommended,235800,16188721,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DJ of them all,I find new songNew level in Audiosurf.
76561198080887817,Recommended,235800,16190436,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Hunion,was a early access player but now it is even better then it was in early access may not of played it for long each day but been playing it alot i recomend this to people who like to lisen to music because thats what the game is about your own music
,Recommended,235800,16195001,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,veRGe,This is a great game if you have a passion for music. It's a lot of fun playing the tracks to your own tune choices.
,Recommended,235800,16128015,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Literally Who,"What's better than listening to music and playing games? Doing them both at the same time!This game is a great step up from the first game with the workshop support, and if you enjoyed the first one, then you should probably consider picking up this one too. If you haven't, and you like to listen to music and play games then you should try this game. It's radical."
76561198056426728,Recommended,235800,16130766,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BelligerentOne,Pink Floyd + Audiosurf 2 = Unspeakable Experience.This game is only as good as your music.10/10
76561198027418048,Recommended,235800,16133301,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,AVSFN,i had a few problems when the new launch update came out that could just be because my pc is crap but after a few crashes and a reinstall it works fine and now i have no problems at all i bought this in early access its still one of my bet games on steam 10/10
,Recommended,235800,16181316,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DubMeister,"Plenty of songs to choose from. Several modes. Fast-paced, butt-clenching fun."
76561198000918066,Recommended,235800,16176983,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Tzfish,"When I switched to linux, losing the ability to play audiosurf was one of my bigger losses. I tried finding some method through wine but eventually gave up.Imagine my surprise when Audiosurf2 was available for linux! I got it, installed it and started it without issue.While techo music and extremely fast music is fun, slow music is fun too - you may notice when you hit the tokens the expressed music is on rhythm with the music - something I don't notice when the beat is really fast.The downside (as usual) is the file manager. It is better then the original and not as bad as some, but could use work. A inability to quickly specify locations, set playlists and a reliance on the mouse all take away from a potentially effective UI when setting up songs.This game really makes music turn from a passive experience to a active one. If you this game, try playing some classic songs. The free fall in Stairway to Heaven is quite a ride.Good luck!"
,Recommended,235800,16178809,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Chosen One,Having a world without happiness and joy is just as bad as having a world without Audiosurf 2. This game is simply amazing. I could go on forever about how much I enjoy this game jaming out to the best of my music while witnessing inexplicably awesome colors. Audiosurf has completed my life and has yet to complete yours. Throw your $15 at it. Regret that you wont!
,Recommended,235800,16356039,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Highwayman,If you enjoy games like this (arcade kindof style + music) It's for you. I accidentally bought this and do enjoy it but I believe it's a bit overpriced. Catch it on a sale if you really want it.
,Recommended,235800,16344552,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tomato Phalanges,"A quality upgrade to the original Audiosurf. Seems to have better algorithms to determine the levels?For those who have never played Audiosurf, and have comprehensive music libraries, I would highly recommend this to you. In this game, you race down tracks created automatically for your music. The faster, more intense the music, then the faster and more intense the track is.I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who never played the original. For people who have the original, get this one when it's on sale. A nice upgrade, but not a massive overhaul. Workshop support is awesome, though."
,Recommended,235800,16037546,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Corpse_Crow,"Are you kidding? How can I not love this game!? When the original Audiosurf was around I was hooked, it also helped me grow my music collection. Well now this is out, music I'll always want to add, better quality, I haven't played it long... but I know for a fact this is one game I won't put down.10/10 will play always again!"
76561198004403331,Recommended,235800,13156020,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pwnage,"The game is now fully released and what can I say... They cleaned it up SO MUCH from the beta, they have been working very hard to polish this up!Okay I'll keep it short;Pros:> Performance is so good! It runs so much smoother than the original. Fantastic!> Graphically it's improved, and looks great!> Customisable! Allowing the community to mod the game and release custom skins in the workshop is an amazing idea and I've already tried a few 10/10> You can search for songs that you don't own! It searches soundcloud, so you might get some random remix or the actual song, but this is a fantastic addition for sure!>Hit detection is a lot better, from what I've found, you can dart between the 'spikes' without hitting them.Cons:> To 100% a song, you're most likely going to bump up your mouse sens. to dart between all the 'spikes' (greys). I prefer slower mouse speeds so this is a little difficult for me to adapt to, but it's not the worst thing in the world.> Hit notification is low, it's hard to tell if you've actually hit a block or not. The screen sparkles a bit, but still hard to tell.In summary; it's a good sequel with a lot of improvements and none of the features you may not like (In my case, the stadium skin, and wakeboarding mode) are not forced onto you.If you've been playing the original up to now, it will take a little getting used to, but it's well worth the money.8/10"
76561197993094332,Not Recommended,235800,16041181,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,robbie,"Game decided to scan entire computer for music on first launch without asking permission.Game glitches during play, very distracting.First game could easily handle 60 minute tracks, this one can barely achieve 20 minutes.Crashed at end of game. Avoid until fixed."
,Recommended,235800,16031653,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,m(A)tt,Now listen to music only with audio surf
76561197982659120,Recommended,235800,16031718,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Carrilla_Saavaa,This is a very fun game.  It brings a whole new level to listening to music.
76561198052016029,Recommended,235800,16031926,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jack,"An overall improvement from the original Audiosurf. If you enjoyed the first one, you may want to look into getting this gem."
,Recommended,235800,16031940,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheSquirrelofHuscurl,"Audiosurf 2 is an excellent game. It's not very intensive on your computer, and is great for relaxing after playing competetive games. I mean, really, it's nice to listen to some music while riding around on a track specifically designed to be in tune with the music. Sometimes it's a little bit weird layout of tracks but it's not too bad. I'd reccommend getting this."
,Recommended,235800,16033034,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Literally Hitler,This game is pure ecstasy and acid rolled up in a joint of pure musical bliss.And I don't even do drugs.
76561197997147197,Recommended,235800,16034527,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Metikulous,better in all ways than the first....
76561198097015413,Recommended,235800,16034538,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,shinobysuuge,"well this game is pretty awesome+ the graphic is cool and not give u a headache+ the song that u want is easy to find in here+ this game make me push my concentration into 100%+ this game pretty much enjoyable+ it's bring music game to next lvl------------------------------------------ when i try to end the game by press the X icon in the menu i get freeze and i end up close it forcely ( i use not window screen)- if u just Download the game, it gonna give u like 2 mins loading screenover all this game is awesome just need lil bit more fix10/10 u should buy this game!!"
,Recommended,235800,16035211,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hazlenut Latte,♥♥♥♥ing Nice!
,Recommended,235800,16035736,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Local Wolf Girl,I do recommend this game to anyone who likes the audio rhythm games and likes to challenge other people if they can beat your score. The graphics and visuals looks stunning and beautiful.The only problem I have with the game is that is sometimes crashes my game whenever I try to uninstall skins.
76561198021147404,Recommended,235800,16098504,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wilkins,So glad i got this right at the start...just to lose myself in after work.
76561198165559743,Recommended,235800,16100255,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ultrasuperbrian,it makes good tracks. B=But makes eyes hurt.
76561198007356509,Recommended,235800,16014822,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Wedjackx296,pretty damn awesome
,Recommended,235800,16015148,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Gandalf the Grey,"Not much to say. Audiosurf 2 is a fun ""racing"" (Not in the sense of Gran turismo, NFS, etc, but rather in the way you go from A to B and try to avoid grey blocks) which is made out of an audio visualizer. It's graphically pleasing, and it's simple, yet addictive."
76561198027851786,Recommended,235800,16015385,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lei,"My only gripe about this game isn't something that affects me personally. The nature of the game can make some people sick. Me personally, I can play this game for hours and I MIGHT get a headache.That said, it is a very pretty game to enjoy the visuals of while rocking out to your personal music library. Even some chillout music actually has some life to it in this game, so I don't know how much I recommend it to just chillax for a while."
,Recommended,235800,7337456,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,[EdBoy] rcmero,"I played Audiosurf 2 recently and I believe this review is outdated. I'll keep the original below, but these are my updated thoughts on the game.Compared to the Early Access version of the game, this game looks a lot better. I'm glad there are no locked modes like there used to be, no forced tutorial (not sure about that yet, haven't played Wakeboard) and the menus look a lot better than they used to be (plus they change colours depending on the cover art of the selected song!)Gameplay-wise, it still plays just like Audiosurf 1. Hit colours, make points. There are a few new modes in this one to cater towards the newer audience (i.e. people that have never played Audiosurf 1), like a ""casual"" mode, which is an easier mono, and a ""freeride"" mode, which is basically autoplay.The good ol' visualization mode from Audiosurf 1 is still in this game, along with some of the classic modes such as pointman and vegas.SoundCloud support was a nice addition, although I can not play my favourites. Only my own songs and songs from who I'm following are displayed. I certainly hope that gets added in the future.Workshop support still works just like it used to. (I did have to uninstall all my mods to get them to appear, though.) Once you subscribe to a new mode, click the ""browse modes"" button to select it (they're at the bottom!) Skins are found in the right hand side (in the skins section, obviously), although not all skins will work with all modes (I'm disappointed about the Doctor Who skin not being compatible with with the Flight mode, it seems perfect for that mode)When you first start Audiosurf 2, it will scan your hardware (graphics card and CPU, I'm guessing) to determine the best possible graphics levels for your computer at your desktop resolution. You are free to change it from the options if you wish. (It may be possible that the game might hang for you while it's doing this scan, like it happened with me. Just start the game again, it won't do a second scan.)TL:DR: Should you buy Audiosurf 2 now? Yes, definitely. It feels much more like it should be, and not what the early access version of the game used to look like.___________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW FOLLOWS.I loved the original Audiosurf, it's one of those games that I can go back to whenever I feel like it and just enjoy it. I'm glad I bought it.Audiosurf 2 is... disappointing, to say the least. The tutorial is extremely confusing, all the modes are locked and the menus are bland and uninteresting. Just a bunch of wasted money. I do realize it's still under construction but this game feels rushed.What I do praise this game for is Workshop support. I finally found a game mode I can enjoy, without needing to unlock anything else.So should you buy Audiosurf 2? Not right now, honestly, wait until the game is done."
76561198025374503,Recommended,235800,16016183,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,tipulsar85,"After finally being released, 2 looks like a much more open and refined version of the one most rhythm game players already have. If you want more variety in your play modes pick this up. If you only play for mono, and graphics aren't an issue go for 1."
,Recommended,235800,16017260,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Asfi,Very fun game. It combines fast reaction times with music. I don't usually like these kinds of games but this is very fun. Highly recommended.
76561198211274900,Recommended,235800,16017319,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jkingdomhearts,"if you play the demo, play dragonforce-through the fire and flames. overall, this is an amazing game. i never played part one of this game, but i bet this one put it underwater. you can play any song that you can think of. if you love pokemon, you can play it, if you love digimon, you can play it, if you love FNAF, you can play it!!! it is debatable to buy it for $12, but i would recommend it to everyone that love music based games, and every gamer out there."
,Recommended,235800,16017791,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,caolten,"After a few months of owning. I can say Audiosurf 2 is a must have for people who loved the original Audiosurf and for new players.So, Audiosurf 2 is a really nice game. The new modes are amazing and the new graphics are good. The fact that this has Steam Workshop support opens up a lot of possibilities for this game."
,Recommended,235800,16017919,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DrunkRufie,Tested the Audiosurf game out using a 250 BPM Speedcore track.Best idea ever!
,Recommended,235800,21311396,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,eric988,"Audiosurf 2 is one of my favorite games. Its entertaining and allows you to play music from various sources, including your computers hard drive. It relaxes my mind and does not require much thought. The more you play, the better you will become."
,Recommended,235800,21288379,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ＫｉｎｇＣａｉｌａｎ,"Audiosurf- It's a basic game. You ride your music. The one thing different between OG Audiosurf and Audiosurf 2 is the fact that there's more competition in this game. You're told when someone knocks you down the leaderboards. There's even a dedicated competitive gamemode. I'd wholeheartedly recommend this game as a time waster, casual, or even hardcore competitive game."
76561198012993408,Recommended,235800,21302293,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,CrimsonPariah,"I really love this game....having the option to use your own music in a music game is just what I've longed for :"")Pros:-You can use your own music-Plenty of interesting maps, colors, mods, etc-Generally pretty well-timed beats to the music.-Works wonderfully with gamepad controlsCons:-Not always on beat-The menu can be alittle....strange sometimes.Overall all it's an awesome little game and worth many replays."
76561198010552527,Not Recommended,235800,21214954,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Satania,"Bought this game during early acces and I have gone from being able to play on any song I have on my computer, to having an 'extended demo' where I can only play song of the day. Thanks a tonne. Considering I can't get my money back, I'm just going to avoid any other games you produce in the future instead."
,Recommended,235800,21264607,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gragon73,"This is one of those games that you can absolutely suck at and still love to play. I used to think I was good when I was beating people on the tracks I liked but didn't have many people playing them; now I consistently make the casual leaderboards on the Song of The Day and still love the game just as much.There are a bunch of problems that need fixing (*cough* better keyboard support *cough*), but the pros far outweigh the cons."
,Recommended,235800,23880883,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hunterwolfgara,great music game and the visuals are amazing
76561198120316640,Recommended,235800,23878591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Big Tuna,Its a really good game. But a lot of music from Sound Cloud is garbage
,Recommended,235800,23457470,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,UFOthe32,"A very fun, interesting sequel to the original audiosurf. Would recomend picking it up."
76561198173410677,Recommended,235800,23555221,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Trugo314,"Audiosurf 2 is a fun experience. Being able to play a game with your own music isn't something new, but Audiosurf 2 has an original idea. It works well too and I can tell that the track differs when a different song is played. Along with great workshop skins and modes being added it makes for an all-around fun time."
,Recommended,235800,23720103,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bladedfanfighter,"Addictive, easier on the eyes than the first audiosurf. Unfortunately, it also loads way slower."
,Recommended,235800,23756267,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Andredz,What are you looking at this review?BUY IT NOWIT'S THE BEST MUSIC GAME I EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,235800,23105775,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,explodingcamera LUL,Pro:- fun- decent-good graphics- solid controlls- great core gameplayContra:- bad ui- crashes a lot
,Recommended,235800,23275867,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheRaazberry,Great game to unwind and relax and get seizures in the process.
,Recommended,235800,20730583,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SKULL FOX,fun music surfing game better than guitar hero and rock band over all best musical game out there 95/100
76561198022316278,Recommended,235800,7945580,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ijiemoKirotaS,"I like the game much more compared to Audiosurf besides the UI and some left out default skin styles. Besides that, it's a fine game that's better than the original and customizable (with workshop support)."
,Recommended,235800,23934636,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GIANTDAWRF,Its a very difficult time to be a cannibal corpse fan...
,Recommended,235800,9506630,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,IGuy,"Revolutionary. It isn't like most music games. Most music games have you play an electronic instrument, or have you dance to the music. But THIS... This actually plays like a game. I found myself playing for hours trying to beat people's high scores. The mods are AMAZING. Make the game so much better with just minor edits. Far better than the original. The best part: It works with ANY song! A must get for any gamer (unless if you hate music). 9/10"
,Recommended,235800,9556628,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,"This game is pretty awesome. It made me go back and listen to a lot of songs I had in my HDD that I had not listen to in years. It has great features although I wish it had online multiplayer, would have been awesome to play with my buddies or other people."
,Recommended,235800,10160722,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Evilmonkey12,"great game if you want to ""ride"" your game and get a highscore"
,Recommended,235800,16031131,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chris Dude,"Like Audiosurf 1, but with better graphics, the Steam Workshop (easy installing of mods, skins, etc.) and really good integration of Soundcloud, which means you can browse Soundcloud in-game for songs to play.If you like to play a game, that adjusts to the music you like, or you already liked Audiosurf 1, then I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,235800,16050039,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,dykstracd,Best game ever but ♥♥♥♥ the May 26 update
,Recommended,235800,7301933,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Magic Trash Can,"Pick a song on your computer, and then ride your music to sweet victory.If someone else has played the same song and in the same game mode, you can watch their score progression as you collect your points.With the workshop, there's additional game modes and themes. If you like Audiosurf, Audiosurf 2 is same but with more.It's definitely all cool and stuff."
76561198168058237,Recommended,235800,15876779,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,{DI} ShadowLight284,This game is amazing the controls are fluent and the speed varies from which type of song your playing...It can be nice and calm or it can frantic and intense. There is almost nothing wrong with the game and i have not seen any bugs or whatever the only thing that annoys me is that when i try to leave the game it stops responding but it could be my computer but who knows.So here are the facts-Varies in difficulty on which song you choose-game is well made and very smooth-perfect for music loving people such as myself-Has a unlimited amount of songs you can do(personal fav)-There is no real way to lose in this gamei recommend this game for anyone who loves frantic gameplay or just loves listening to music. I hope you enjoy my first review on this game.final score: 10/10
,Recommended,235800,16436051,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rascus,"""More Audiosurf, that's just what it is. So if you liked the first one, you will probably enjoy this too. Reccomended only if you liked the first game and want to play more.""It's the same as the first game just with some new features, like getting music online, mods and some new graphics. Other than that, it's the same old Audiosurf experience you are used too. There is really nothing more to say about this game. If you want more Audiosurf then you should probably get this, otherwise mabye not."
,Recommended,235800,16428033,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,しろ子,"I bought this game without a second thought after trying the demo. It just great!!If can add support for Google Drive/Dropbox, then it would be perfect."
,Recommended,235800,11544357,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,"This game has come a long way, and unlike many early access titles, has succeeded in delivering. I'd easily recommend this over the first one now. The workshop compatibility and updated look really make it feel fresh and I feel the block mapping is much more accurate."
,Recommended,235800,16711935,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cpt. Smug,"This is a better version of Audiosurf.  The song selection now allows for SoundCloud songs to be played directly from the client, along with anything you have on your computer.  Unlike the original Audiosurf, it is cross-platform friendly and runs well on Linux, even on slower integrated cards like Intel HD Graphics 4000.The gameplay is nearly identical, except now the track can do barrel rolls.  There is also extensive support for leaderboards and user-generated content.Worth picking up for newcomers or fans of the original that want a fresh coat of paint."
,Recommended,235800,16585975,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"Cheaper than acid trip. 11/10.You are on your way to the visual-audio heaven if you got VR goggles, my friends."
76561198079971924,Recommended,235800,16589316,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,POOONANA,I recommend this game highly because if you are bored and just listen to music instead you can play this so while your ears are blown away by the music so are your eyes.
,Recommended,235800,16590441,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mazdarati2,"Fun time killer and relaxer.The popular songs are mostly electro but if you're not into that you can also use the music that is on your PC. Unfortunately it loads the music from your whole PC by default and you can't change that. That means that you also have audio files from games that are in your list which is not needed.Unfortuntely you can't search by genre. You can only search by popular, but there is a song of the day and you can search for music by yourself but this is usually a hit-or-miss.Why?Because the song names do not expand when you hover over them so you only know what version of a song you have (or even the good song) when you actually play it.Don't expect to find a lot of songs when you search for 'monstercat' or 'the prodigy' because there are so little. The search function is not good enough for casual players.The best way to play is to download a whole bunch of music and occasionally play the song of the day.TL;DR: Theee are things that can be improved IMO like the search function but the rest of the game is really good and is worth it, especially if you love music."
,Recommended,235800,16591804,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,🐾 AxLL 🐾 @TLAN,audiosurf 2 is good but not better then audiosurf 1.the only thing that is fun on audiosurf 2 that you can not do in audio surf 1 is mod it
76561198062001750,Recommended,235800,16634570,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SixFoldFury,So nice now that you can play songs off of the internet now. Gonna sink HOURS into this game again!!
,Recommended,235800,16639505,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Barney-Sax,"Good game, I went in expecting a guitar hero type game but was pleasntly surprised to get something differnt. Great community and good devs."
,Recommended,235800,16639745,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Terabyte Axis,"I TOTALLY Can Recommend This Game To Any Music Lover Like Myself. There Are Modes For Everyone! Some Are Slow, Great For Begginers, While Others Are Fast-Paced And More Challenging For Advanced Players.This Game Is Fun, Adictive, And It Sure Is Fun Going Down The Track While Listening To My Favorite Tunes!In All, I Totally Love This Game, If You Can't Tell Already, And I Would Totally Recommend This Game To Anyone Who Loves Music! :3"
,Recommended,235800,8284647,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GoodbyeZek,Sure.
76561198095211695,Recommended,235800,8289329,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,carbonated juice drink,one of the best music playing/ guitar hero esque games i've ever played! SO ADDICTING! SO MANY COLORS!
,Recommended,235800,8339925,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Meth and Feta Mane,Omg... This is awesome...
,Recommended,235800,8347106,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rook,"Ride your music! Audiosurf 2 is a customizable music game that works with any song. Choose a song, choose a mod, choose a skin, then jump in on the track and try to earn the top score! The highlight of Audiosurf 2 (so far) is wakeboarding mode, but there's also classic modes, Audiosprint (party mode), and more to come. There is also a range of modification options, allowing the public to contribute new components of the Audiosurf experience."
,Recommended,235800,8352532,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Repsack,"Having always been a big fan of the original audiosurf, i was thrilled to play this second one. Usually i played for the visual experience rather than getting a big score, and never before has this been more possible than with Audiosurf 2! Already in the alpha phase, several great skin mods have been shared in the Workshop, enough to find a good moodsetting for every type of song (that i have, at least). The introduction of a new gamemode has really spiced gameplay up. Now you can steer a wakeboard around in a wide watery lane, complete with jumps and tricks, allowing for a flying experience, up and far above the track below, and up through tunnels of gorgeous visuals, starting right at intence songpeaks. Remember those moments in your music, where the song goes silent, and then intencifies, giving you those rare musical goosebumps? The surf gamemode and its jumps will intencify those goosebumps and enhance your music more than any visual stimulation to music you have seen before! -Well, it did for me anyway"
,Recommended,235800,8385647,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Copic-Blues,"Audiosurf is a great game, the addition of modding and diffrent modes takes it to a whole new level, without extracting what made the orriginal so much fun.If your a music lover, chances are you'll spend a good chunk of time playing this game."
,Recommended,235800,8145821,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,THE SJW MENACE,"Really fun. Already, it's seems to have surpassed the original."
76561198044142305,Recommended,235800,8163129,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Moose on the Loose,"Dude, I love this thing to death, but you need to make it compatible with Spotify. Soundcloud don't let you choose nearly as much.Seriously though, keep it up. I like it."
,Recommended,235800,8168670,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rozzy,The only way I listen to music now.
,Recommended,235800,8188617,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dcflakes,"FOOlz get the game if you like music, the end buy it"
,Recommended,235800,8228140,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TheStolenBattenberg™,"A decent improvement on the original, but still very rough around the edges."
76561198059030075,Recommended,235800,12321749,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Noobsauce,"Any flaws within audiosurf 2? NOPE. Honestly the most fun i've ever had on an indie game, nothing is more interactive and hardcore than this game. Id pay $50 easy for this game. WELL DONE!"
76561197993178883,Recommended,235800,12203537,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Yojimbo,Gave me an epileptic seizure when I played with Daft Punk. 10/10
,Recommended,235800,12253289,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,LongDanzi,"I really like this game since I listen to music constatly. DLC is added all the time (by you, yes you) since it uses music from your own library. I download music all the time so I have plently of songs to play with. the game has many different modes and even different backdrops. it's a very simple game yet is very entertaining to play.10/10 I would highly recommend"
,Recommended,235800,12258762,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SmashingJoe182,"Awesome Casual game, that never gets boring. Can't think of any reason not to buy this game, you can ride your favourite music and it has a very special ""feel"" to it and the workshop content is awesome too - definitly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,235800,12224149,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Very Famous,"I wouldnt recommend this yet. I know it's still in it's early access stage but it has been there a VERY long time. It made some control changes from audiosurf that make it a bit difficult to control with keypad and i feel like updates are few and far between. I think it looks flashy and is visually appealing (although some mods have gone overboard with that) it doesnt offer as thorough an experience as it's progeniter. I love the original audiosurf and I do like seeing where this game goes. But right now, it feels so unpolished. hopefully with a few more updates it'll feel more complete and i'll feel like I'm getting my money's worth, but as it is, I am unhappy with the game."
,Recommended,235800,12403077,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SrgntSnowman,This is a very fun game!
,Recommended,235800,12384280,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,diddysinatra,"This game and the first version are some of the best rhythm games that I've played anywhere. When the song and the blip timing is just right, it's pretty magical. Eager to see how the final version of AS2 shapes up! 9/10, just needs a way to adjust blip timing for songs where the timing is just off a hair."
,Recommended,235800,11515049,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Captain Caboose,"A whole lot of fun, especially if you like just listening to music but don't like sitting still for too long."
76561198140040707,Recommended,235800,11552936,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,WesBoy666,Love the game
,Recommended,235800,11557441,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tonic,A game you can play with your music on without missing a thing.8/10
,Recommended,235800,11592634,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Bubble,"I recommends this game if you already was a fanatic of the previous version. Considering the status of the current development speed, and that isn't solved critical problems that you can found very frustrating, this game isn't recommended if you want to buy something ""new"" without a previous experiencie with it.The game has several modalities, its classic called ""mono"" & ""mono turbo"" is the greatest of this games, chose a good mp3 song large enough and you will get some fun trying to improve your own & elsebody score.As the game is based on the mp3's filename, use the mp3 as you found it named from internet, don't try to rename it (or normalize it)."
76561198080108047,Recommended,235800,11928417,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,tkidd1998,Like Music? Like Games? Buy this game.
,Recommended,235800,11983149,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,audiosurf with better than audiosurf audiosurf
76561198039160265,Recommended,235800,11837772,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Da Oogy Boogy Mane,This game is really fun it reads the music better than audio surf 1. Th only problem I have is when the blocks exspand when you get closer. If the developer is reading this PLEASE take that out it is very confusing. I keep thinking I hit the block both grey and normal cause I hit the animated box but you have the hit box set to as if it was normal size. They need to either make the hit box the size of the block or just dont have it exspand
76561198088148018,Recommended,235800,7428251,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,76561193793180722,Super fun game. Doesn't really look good on the reviews but its like rockband but for the computer with no interaction but the mouse. Like music games? Like using your own songs? Download it!
,Recommended,235800,12089376,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Kalsam Retritro,"For being an Early Access Game, Audiosurf 2 already shows it will eventually blow Audiosurf 1 completely out of the water (instead of only marginally in specific areas, as it does now).The major thing that caught my attention the fastest was how much better AS2 manages to find the beat of the songs. There was multiple times playing AS1 that I would start off a song, completely in beat, then somewhere along the line, the blocks would no longer mesh up with the same beat line. I could always find the new one, but there was that few seconds where I'd be completely thrown off.Not to mention, on songs with a lot of 'stutter-beats', the road doesn't do a continuous bounce. (Try Nelly Furtado's ""Say it Right"" on AS1 for a better understanding. I apologize that I don't know the correct musical term for this.)Yes, this still needs a fair amount of work, but for the little that is available, it's worth it. And not to mention; this IS Early Access, which means getting it now means you have the full version later. :D"
76561198052142340,Recommended,235800,9490639,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kaamalauppias,One of the best games i have played. So many downloadable game modes and skins. I seriously recommend to buy this. Here is my youtube video of ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wfdVCakk6Q&list=UUYjKJTi3Y7H5i-oIb28hyuQ
,Recommended,235800,12070395,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Corey,"The second music player I purchased, slightly more ways to enjoy my music!Brilliant idea."
,Recommended,235800,12070596,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mushious,"Not nearly as good as Audiosurf but definitely making a good start considering it's early times. From playing Mono, my favourite mode in AS1, I've found that the round obstacles are super awkward and there is no real sense of impact when you hit a block. End-game screen is clunky and doesn't make much sense and the general lack of scoring stats on the completion screen is rather disappointing.Other than that it feels pretty solid, looks fantastic and should improve greatly as more updates are thrown out."
,Recommended,235800,16313005,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kaliar,Only had to play 20 minutes to see this was definitely worth the purchase.Lots of potential and great workshop support!
76561198135101606,Recommended,235800,14770529,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sly Ol Abe,"I've only put about an hour on this game but so far I can say that I'm really loving it. The colors are crazy and exciting and usually fitting for the music. A couple suggestions, though, in mono mode it is fun to avoid the bad bricks but the noise that comes out of colliding with one almost ruins that little second of the music. I know the point is that those are bad so you want to put a bad sound with it, but it would be much more pleasant, and just as practical to having a duller version of the good sound. I don't know if any one else feels the same way or if I'm alone here."
,Recommended,235800,15049093,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,runnen,Be a real man. Race death metal.
,Recommended,235800,15050438,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,[NKDSQD]Klassz,"1. Acquire the song ""No Remorse"" by Slayer and Atari Teenage Riot2. Play it in Audiosurf3. ????4. PROFIT!10/10 would get an epileptic shock again"
,Recommended,235800,14375620,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,★ Amethyst ★,"A good game to pass time. Playing against other players is lots of fun and a motivation to not pirate music. It can be repetitive and boring sometimes, but at small doses it really is a good game. Would not recommend playing too much as headaches may occur."
,Recommended,235800,14345302,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lordnerdious,A good way for musiclovers to burn time
76561198044004649,Recommended,235800,14297601,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wormofsand,"I'm so happy this one came out for Mac!If you love music but hate those games that rob you of the music for screwing up (you know the one's I'm talking about) then this is the game for you!  Each song makes a track that you ride, it's such an amazing ride!"
,Recommended,235800,14332018,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,NovaOrbitDragon,Great game! cant stop playing
76561197994559445,Recommended,235800,14359812,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SabuTHHR,Its amazing. So much potential.
,Recommended,235800,13411841,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Prime624,"Become a part of your music. Amazing how well the auto-generated tracks fit the music. Completely playable, despite being early-access."
,Recommended,235800,13669515,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Canaan,"Its a lot like the first one in regards to the basic gameplay mechanics. That said, it uses a completely new engine (Unity), and has the ability to use custom gamemodes and skins downloadable via Steam Workshop, which makes it better IMO."
,Recommended,235800,12930865,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Wyatt Parker,"I remix popular songs into HardStyle/techno. I've always loved music.This game is very fun if you like upbeat/energetic music, or just music in general.I love it! Very unique design, runs very well!"
76561198000477276,Recommended,235800,12916468,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Br5m,"tl;dr: Must buy.Having spent over a 100 hours worth of quality time with the original one for only a few bucks, I would've given the amount of money this title cost to the developer just to get a mere visual upgrade. However, the game is not just that, it's so much more. The spirit of audiosurf is still present in audiosurf 2; the fact that you experience your music in a new way. It sounds like cheap marketing, but it really is true. Playing a track in audiosurf allows you to experience a whole new layer of your favourite music. And now, the game is available in pretty graphics, with an active mod community, with regularly updated content but still giving priority to the most important part of the game. Your music."
,Recommended,235800,12987625,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,nilloc93,any fan of the first autosurf will love the improvements made to this
,Recommended,235800,10885832,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mt. Dewid,"Obviously its still early access but its very good, a little hard to find music. I had to move music because the search system is sort of glitchy and doesnt work. Maybe its just me, I am not sure. The ghapics are really nice though, and the mods and different game types are fun. However it doesnt feel like that much of an improvement than 1. THe client like its a little odd and it just not the best, there is a lot of work to be done but its going to be a good game. BUT dont buy it yet, the game is very unfinished and I dont reccomend it yet."
,Recommended,235800,11326737,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,squeethesane,An excellent advancement on the original game. Has many new features but keeps the classic feel.
76561198044825285,Recommended,235800,12695945,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,adriandude85,"Great game for relaxation and for use on longer trips, it's  a great time killer. Feels a bit thin for the price but the Soundcloud integreation is nice. Purchase during a sale, full price only if you must play it."
,Recommended,235800,12518257,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Chrisy Bear ʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔ ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ ┻━┻,"The new modes and visuals are great so far, the HUD could use some work but so far 9/10."
76561198012013257,Recommended,235800,12586612,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,l-Ikazuchi-l,Good Game !  if you play with dubstep song trust me really cool  .oh and new mode very interesting it make the game more fun than audiosurf  XD ( i mean original audiosurf)
,Recommended,235800,12484033,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Murmur,"This review will take into account and be based partly on Audiosurf (the original).TL:DR - If you like the first one, you'll like the second one.The original AS came out and completely changed how I thought about Indie games.  This was in the early, early days of Steam having Indie games on their store.  AS may have even been the first; it is certainly the first I remember seeing.  The polish was something I'd never seen on an Indie game.  Everything (mostly) worked and it didn't look like garbage.  More than I can say about most Indie games, even now.As the successor, this had to be that, but more.  I wouldn't be content with just the same thing, but more shiny.  It is much more shiny, and with the inclusion of Workshop support, it is whatever you want it to be.  Want it to look different?  Someone may have already made your dream skin.  If not, do it yourself.The game modes are relatively the same and work by the same rules as the first one.  If you like Ninja Mono, you are in a for a treat, as there are now multiple Ninja Mono variants.  That is primarily what I play.Mostly everything is much better.  I say mostly because I do not like the way the spikes on Ninja now appear.  They are hard-to-see circle/balls.  But that is my only gripe.  There are things that don't appear done, like the loading screen, but it is still in Early Access.For being an early access game, it is remarkably solid and still has that tremendous sense of speed from the first one.  It pushes my 7970Ghz to the max, but it is buttery smooth.  Totally worth it.  Doesn't seem to use much CPU, and still only 1 core, for whatever reason."
,Recommended,235800,12732018,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,AbsolutioN hellcase.com,"Highly recommended, if you liked the first Audiosurf then this game is definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,235800,11914313,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Geno the Undead Creeper,"Thought the first one was good? You should try this one! Surfing your music has never been this fun and not to mention soo beautiful!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------WARNING: FLASHING COLORS AND LIGHTS; COULD TRIGGER EPILYPSY AND/OR SEISURES! PLEASE CONSULT A DOCTOR BEFORE YOU PLAY THIS GAME!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Seriously though, this is a good game and so worth the money."
76561197999045534,Recommended,235800,16067491,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ящер 2,first game ive bought in 10 years so it must be awesome lol
76561198002344947,Recommended,235800,16070892,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Twoie,If you want a game that you can just relax to or play in the background while you do stuff.  This game is perfect.  It is great fun and I have fully enjoyed playing the game to my music collection.  Easy to play and it doesnt seem to get old. :)
76561198058421771,Recommended,235800,16073825,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,mykeedee,Good game but I feel like I'd need to take some Molly to truly appreciate it the way God intended.
76561198041022449,Recommended,235800,16120475,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Huskya,"Here is a gameplay video of the game playing Paladin by Envy, sorry for low quality :DThe game looks much better when played yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgTaRcz1aq8&feature=youtu.be═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════This game is really fun, and I say it is definately worth the money. I have only played a couple of hours of it but it is a game that I really enjoy. Firstly the game runs very smoothly on my pc even when recording and I am also very impressed with the accuracy of the notes :D═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════One of the most key features of this game is the ability to take any .mp3 formatted song and convert it into a track which you can ride on, the accuracy of these tracks really amaze me and in my opinion the best songs are fast electro, but any song can be used :)═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════The graphics are beatiful for every skin. Not much else can be said haha :P═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════The game allows many skins and variations to game modes which are all very cool and allow the downloading of skins from the steam workshop, these are great for those who want to change what the game looks like and how to play it.The skins that come preloaded all vary and they all make for an interesting and different experience even when replaying the same song.═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════The controls are great in my opinion with the option of using your keyboard, mouse or gamepad. In my opinion the mouse brings the most fun to the game as the keyboard and gamepad seem a little jerky, nevertheless it is still a great game with any controller :D═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════The game also includes leaderboards where you can see your score against other players, and local co-op where two people or more can control the ship depending on what mods you use.═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════Finally I have not encountered any bugs so far which is really cool and I am looking forward to further development of community made skins and mods to help increase the variation of the game :D═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════"
,Recommended,235800,16125367,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ChewyPudding,"I like music, and I like games. It's great if you like both of those things like me."
,Recommended,235800,16125885,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ricochet,"Seizure Simulator 2015 (In all seriousness this game is awesome, if you're not epileptic :D"
,Recommended,235800,16126987,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lord Sparda,"So game is about using your songs in tron esq tracks right pretty easy, yeah? Then throw in some bass heavy songs with a bit of remixes and you get the fastest songs with the hardest tracks, also Blvd. Nights when you get the chance*thank me later*"
76561198027763758,Recommended,235800,16127189,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lord Hades,"The demo speaks for itself.Access to all of Soundcloud makes this game a gem.If you like music, score dethroning and epilepsy inducing trippy colors and graphics (or whatever you like, on the steam workshop)... This game is a no brainer with endless replay value."
,Recommended,235800,16249238,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,wats-it-to-ya,"If you enjoyed Audiosurf 1, you will love this one too.  If you are new to audio surf, you basically pick a song from your own collection or a few songs they provide, the game will create a track based on the song's characteristics and you ride the track avoiding obstacles. Audiosurf 2 has quite a few different modes and skins and a leaderboard to keep things competitive. Overal an awesome way to enjoy your music and kill some time."
76561198047257302,Recommended,235800,16250069,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gizmotion,"This is a great game with virtually endless content! It's great that they support the community in making mods for it as well. I have some problems with some of the skins clipping into the racetrack causing the upcoming blocks to be unrecognizable. I also wish they would add a power to stealth mode to extend the length until your blocks disapear to give more insentive to fill up the grid, as well as blocks disapearing before you reach corkscrew bonus. That is all complaints cause I play stealth though. Highly recommend for the music enthusiast! :D"
,Recommended,235800,15228587,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Can we be adults please?,"I really like this game, i bought the first Audiosurf back in 2012 when i first made my steam account, it was one of the first games i got on steam besides MW2, and i fell in love with it. then months later there were rumors of a second game. as soon as it dropped, i bought it. this game is absolutely amzing. for a game thats techinacally not a ""finished product"", it sure feels like one, with the exception of a few options in the game settings, but those arent really a big deal to me. it runs great, looks great, isnt ridiculously demanding or poorly optimized, hell i can run it on ""gaming PC"" settings at the native res of my MacBook Air with an average of 70fps. its very well made, but enough about how it runs. it plays fantastic, the controls seem much more responsive than the first (but that could just be me TBH), the colors seem much more vibrant, the ability to use different skins is fantastic along with ability to get/make custom ones from the community workshop, and i have yet to encounter a crash or even a decoding glitch that causes 3D models to clip through the track (an issue from AS1). overall, really great game, worth the upgrade from AS1 and i absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,235800,10261820,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tylluan,"Really pretty but doesn't add much else on to the first game. Development seems pretty slow - since I think it's just one dude's passion project. Wish the UI were a little better, and that it supported things like soundcloud and stuff (although songs would be need to be downloaded and processed before starting a level). Workshop is a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic idea, although so far it hasn't seen a lot of really novel stuff - maybe that'll come when the game is finally released."
,Recommended,235800,15265122,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mel,At first I was very sceptical because the controls were less sensitive than in the first game (for me at least) but when I figured that out it became much easier to play. I highly recommend this game as much as the first one to all the people out there who love their music.
76561198042693141,Recommended,235800,15101530,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Saturni Profile update,Since i have not played the first one and was new to Audiosurf 2 i got it i think during the summer sale last year and i've had lots of fun with it.. I plan on using it for my youtube channel to use as a background for my videos as a visual instead of using pics like i used to in the past.11/10 Would Buy again
,Recommended,235800,15253649,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gamma,Literally full speed ahead with your songs! Ultra-recommend!
,Recommended,235800,15994703,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SimGuy,"I find this game really relaxing to play.  I get to enjoy my favorite music while racing down a roadway filled with rhythmically placed obstacles.  This definitely looks a bit nicer than the original.I like that the scoreboard in the corner shows you how you are currently doing relative to other people that have scored well at your exact location in the course.  I also get the opportunity to try to compete against myself to better my score.I see people complaining about the lack of penalty for messing up, but, at least in ""mono"" the goal is to maximize your score, and you'll be able to tell how badly you messed up by how your score compares to others who played.  Plus, hitting spikes isn't necessary failing, depending on what you're trying to do.I agree with the criticism that there's not all that much direction as to what to do, but there is an explanation on the loading screen for each level and it didn't take too much for me to understand how to improve my score by reading that."
,Recommended,235800,12960260,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AngelOfRevelation,"Edit: Good News Everyone (Yes. I am Professor Farnsworth)Audiosurf 2 is out. And it STILL needs improvements. Polishing. Its back to be as good as the first.To be honest, I have a whole list for you to read and see what I thinkDylan, you need to add like music to your beginning screen. Or some noise at least.Second, When loaded. You had this big immense ""HURRAH I AM HERE!"" with the first Audiosurf....and this one is basically Fluttershy going (I am a Brony in denial. So shush) ""Yay."" Its...okay. Its loaded.Third, the main selection menu...is silent. Quiet. I wouldn't even know if it uploaded if I fell asleep.Otherwise. I stil enjoy the game. Its still good as the first. I will edit when needed.And for those of you who pay attention, yeah I know it was ""better"" but I was on something and I am not sure what...All of you have a nice day. Mods still need cleaning. And I wish there was a easy modding tool for this game....Good Luck Fellow Audiosurfers!"
76561198046836741,Recommended,235800,16022053,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Manakai_Koru,It's like guitar hero the way it should be..... only much much better!!!!
76561198069473580,Recommended,235800,13157757,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AppleSauce's Worst Nightmare,"{English writing isn't great sorry}If you want a comparable experience similar to DDR/guitarhero with some added game mechanics with your own music this game is amazing. I love finding things to put my music in to experiment with and this game does a wonderful job with that. It's undeniably satisfying to hit lots of notes in a row and it just doesn't get oldI don't know what they did with their programing but this games ability to convert your music is incredible.If you're a music buff and love messing around with your songs I can't reccomend this enough.------My only complaint is the game will crash when attempting to read certain formats. I would hope later on they flat out stop the game to even read .m4a for example. This was also a problem in the original. However this is early acess so this ""glitch"" may dissapear."
,Recommended,235800,13149236,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Welshcake,"I love playing this game when I got home, tired, and just wanna relax. If you are a music lover and you wanna add just a little bit action on it, this is the game. Very fun, energic and colorful. Maybe a little bit expensive, but even though I love it."
,Recommended,235800,13136575,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Inhaledmocha,I absolutely love this game. I own the original so when this game came out I was super excited! I love that they've incorporated Steam Workshop. It's cool to see what other people can come up with. As to the bulk of the game for me: Mono mode. I've loved playing just the basic mono mode since I bought the first game. It looks fantastic and the small improvements really make everything great. I can't wait to see where this game goes!
,Recommended,235800,14650635,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Liffe,"This is like the first Audiosurf, but this has mods. 11/10 already spent over 100 hours of my life in this."
76561198040765582,Recommended,235800,14654799,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lovely dead Greta,"It's time to dust out those old MP3 files you have somewhere on you hard drive and play Audiosurf 2.I can say that after playing this and the Guitar Hero, Rock band and Rock Smith series, this is the best game of its type around.Despite it being in early acess, it has plenty of content and Steam workshop support that will keep you amused for hours on end."
,Recommended,235800,14834659,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Aseinsha,"WOW I bought this back in 2013 when the game first came out on Early Access, I played around it a little bit but it didn't grab me as Audiosurf did back in its day. I didn't launch Audiosurf 2 once in 2014, not even once for the whole year. It was yesterday that I thought I should give this game a go (I didn't know if its still on Early Access or has it been finished yet) so I went ahead, first thing that caught my attention was a graphical performance slider, that was new, I thought to myself what is this? even a potato can run this maxed out, little did I know they had given the game a MASSIVE overhaul!Mono has been changed, now there's little strategy involved (as oppose to none) and your main goal is to fill up your board as much as possible before having them matched. You might wanna hit the grays now depending on your situation, grays take out a colored block and reset the cube match timer.There's a lot more to be done though don't get me wrong, the file management is still horrible and the overall menu interface has a lot more to go but they're getting there and they're working on it so sit back relax and enjoy some Audiosurf! Its great!"
76561198031560299,Recommended,235800,14736261,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,shawz0311,"Great game, I much prefer over Audiosurf, has gotten better as develompment has gone on."
,Recommended,235800,14599535,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ChaoticChronicle,This GAME IS AMAZING! To see and hear what I really think about it click here:http://youtu.be/AKaXwSr3fdE
,Recommended,235800,14670406,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mcbonewolf,"if you enjoy your music you'll enjoy this game, it's as simple as that.they're multiple game modes that offer a variety of gameplay, they've added some cool new ones like a top down mode that can get rather intense, and some others that are pretty hard. plus workshop mods and skins and whatnot are great.the daily song and leaderboards are cool, if someone beats your score on a particular song you get a notification and can go right into that song to try and beat them back, which is cool.i don't really know what else to say,if you ever see it on sale, buy it up, or even for $15, it's still great value"
,Recommended,235800,14697794,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Octoploppy,"Imagine that Guitar Hero and Tetris had a baby, this is the sequal to that game and it is not dissapointing"
,Not Recommended,235800,14608681,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,trekkie12,"""Full controller support"" my butt. None of the controls except steering work for the game pad. I tried to play three different game modes plus two mods before I rage quit and switched to a mouse. Even after switching, the controls just don't work ver well. I've tried very sensitivity available and it's either way too fast or way too slow. There's no median setting for this game.Also: Mono Pro fans! There is a mod for you, but it doesn't work unless you use a mouse, and the controls stick. Good luck."
76561198062859075,Recommended,235800,13986387,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Nikraddin,"9/10Sick visuals!I feel like the first one was better though.There are some improvements that needs to be done, but the game is not yet finished.I can't wait for the final product!"
,Recommended,235800,14290820,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Skeletor,Listen to your favourite music while playing a simpistic puzzle game that adjusts to your favourite songs. I honestly couldnt ask for more.
76561198049271072,Recommended,235800,14248449,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,keekatzer,Do you like music?Do you like video games?Do you have fifteen bucks?
,Recommended,235800,14169366,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,derpynerd69,Best. GAME. EVER! I play this non-stop (except when I need some sleep) I hope the updates don't screw this up tho!
,Recommended,235800,7839353,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,I before A except after K,"A fitting sequel that expands on the previous game while improving on what was introduced in the first game. Granted, as the game isn't in its final build, there are plenty of features that still need a bit of polish (the menus come to mind), but what's there is functional, and the gameplay itself is marvelous. Probably the best thing it has going for it is that it's got the Steam Workshop working already, which allows the community to fill in for the bits that the developer hasn't quite finished yet. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,235800,7839493,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DJCallMusic,"I can't help but feel like this is a step back from the first title. I can only assume this is due to being far from completion, and new features such as SoundCloud are literally the best, but visually it needs a lot of work. Menus are flat, the ships in-game are ugly and the runway with the world around it seem less lively compared to the first. I seem to notice less variety in sound effects from in-game audio as well. I hope it evolves over-time through the coming patches. There is a lot of new on the way, and the same Audiosurf feel is there somewhere, but right now, it needs time."
76561198059340249,Recommended,235800,7852428,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,C,Good way to cure bordom
,Recommended,235800,7875648,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,KING KAMI SALAMI,"Like a soundy meathook that I loved and harshly forgot, Audiosurf has slung itself deep into my spine...never letting go."
,Recommended,235800,7624265,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,hirvox,"The best music adrenaline-filled music visualization game just got better. The core gameplay is still Klax mixed with Wipeout, but now the base game has modding support."
,Recommended,235800,7712938,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Kyubey,"They say two is better then one. In this case, Two is much ♥♥♥♥ing better then one. Get this game right now. If you liked audiosurf one you will love this much much more."
76561198039883830,Recommended,235800,10313859,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,TheBastard,"Awesome Game, Great for when you want to listen to your fav music and waste time. All kinds of different modes and skins for you to try out."
,Recommended,235800,9124652,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nickalahobiboolan,"This game has amazing potential in the future for skin modding as well as custom game modes. If you have a lot of music, and enjoy listening to it while interacting with it, this game is for you. The way the game syncs up with your music is simply astounding and is a huge upgrade from the first game. even if you don't have a lot of music on your computer, there is an audiosurf radio that supplies music. Not to mention there is soundcloud support so you can find an music you want without the need to download! The way you can be turned off from this game is if you don't have a lot of music or a supply of new music.Even if you just enjoy modding lua coding files, this game makes it easy to custom your experience anyway you want!"
,Recommended,235800,13275168,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Yeayoh .dusk 夕暮れ,Graphics are so much better thank the first! The only thing that I dislike about the game is that it has a level creator yet the devs dont want it on Steam Workshop
,Recommended,235800,13266627,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MISTER TORGUE,Definitely a fun game. I suggest picking songs that vary in tempo. Spooky Scary Skeletons Tombstone remix is great on this.
,Recommended,235800,19167785,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,the party bear,">download rainbow theme>login w/ soundcloud, play pegboard nerd's luigi's mansion theme on mono>????>profit."
,Recommended,235800,10335023,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,\√ í L L P G,"Early Access Review  *edit* 20/11/15Definetly alot of improvements and additions since launch,  still a few things from the original id like to see however.Firstly having different difficulties for each modes.Mono mode still feels way too easy compared to how it used to be, i understand the emphasis is on making the most full tables possible. but i still prefered it when the points were more separated and less common. Also the shuriken/wing span features which are so far missing in this one allowed for different ways of tackling levels.Bonuses like the clean finish are almost impossible to miss now, due to the way spikes work instead of grey blocks, and the fact that all the points are in chains.Perhaps the original mono will be/is implemented through user mods which i haven't spent much time browsing through.Its easily worth the price and the graphical performance and overal game system is a big advancement compared to the predecessor, that being said i will still most likely play Audiosurf 1 till this is fully completed."
76561198021697412,Recommended,235800,19198006,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,A Gumba,"Fun, calming, sometimes intense, really fun to have."
76561198136774747,Recommended,235800,19124828,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,abraham4488,love this game
76561198022598563,Not Recommended,235800,19339402,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gigi426,Definitely a poor follow-up to the first Audiosurf.  Stick with the first one.
76561198032344126,Not Recommended,235800,19330150,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KitkatEmm,"you know......i've been playing audio surf since the original came out and i loved the original game. It was a simple yet unique idea. When they announced AS2 i was full of glee because i though OK NEW VISUALS, NEW GAMEPLAY MODES, SAME OLD SYSTEM WE LOVE JUST NEW ADDITIONS.However, what we got was something quite........frustratingly different.First the pros.The visuals of course look overall better. They are definitely more striking and more defined than the original tho i wish they'd bring back the choice for the rainbow road like look to the track.new game modes once again good thing they added new modes and introduced a steam workshop for third party user made additions keep the game alive longer.soundcloud/music stream support. THIS is a massive upgrade over the local music dependant system the older game had. If you didn't have any songs you were forced to go download some to play with but AS2 says if you don't have songs you can do a search on the net to stream the music that way. Works very well.NOW FOR THE CONSFirst: The UI, at first i thought it was fine but then the more i played it the more i realized there were issues with the UI. Specifically with the main menu. The music search WORKS but you can't filter through it. This is probably the biggest issue i have with the UI overall? The lack of filtering through modes and music pretty much sums it up. OH and ffs fix the way the buildings and stuff in the track is generated i hate playing on high speed songs only to find myself flying through BUILDINGS THAT LITERALLY CLIP THROUGH THE TRACK.2nd: The classic gamemodes, they aren't the same gamemodes. In the old game you had different cars that go with different game modes each giving the car you were driving a different power. They took that entire part of the game AWAY. Now you just got the vehicle and nothing else. Mono for instance in the old game allowed you to scoop up the colored bricks if you were fast enough with out moving into the different lanes and delete the gray bricks you picked up. Granted the gray bricks no longer take up space they just delete the colored bricks you pick up along the way but the inability to use a power like scoop is annoying. I wanted advancement on the game not a lesser exerpeice in the classic modes.third. and this is probably my BIGGEST issue. THE WAY THE TRACKS ARE BUILT. This is a highscore game mixed with a rhythm game. YET THE TRACKS CHANGE EACH TIME YOU RETRY THE SAME SONG?! Are you KIDDING ME? Who decided on this design choice? Whoever did you sir or ma'am should not be working on rhythm based games EVER again. A high score game depends on giving the player the ability to retry for a higher score. If you change the track generated by the song EVERY TIME YOU RESTART then there is no point in having a high score in the first place. You're always throwing the player into what is essentially a new game each time so no matter how much they think they've memorized it GUESS WHAT SUCKERS IT DOESN'T MATTER. It's infuriating that when i finally get myself into a groove with a song and i see me getting better at playing the game in general i go back to try to get a higher school and the ENTIRE start and middle has been regenerated into a new pattern and more often than not the grey bricks will be hidden right behind the colored bricks at the start of the track completely killing off my starting score forcing me to restart hoping that the track didn't change AGAIN. BUT IT DID. so ♥♥♥♥ my life on that one.in conclusion. i DO NOT recommend this game as it currently is unless you WANT your experience to always change when you want to retry and attempt to get a higher score. The UI can definitely use work, and the older aesthetic choices i wish were brought back. And of course the classic game modes need to be redesigned to be what they used to be in my opinion. The game itself just doesn't feel as robust and complete as the older one.Currently as i post this review the game is 60% off for 6$ which seems like a fair price but only if you're willing to put up with this one massive bug bear with the tracks always changing upon clicking retry.oh and if you dare censor me for putting my opinions out there you'll have immediately lost all support from me in the future. END OF STORY."
,Recommended,235800,19324220,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ExpressioN,"I could've sworn the review website said it was a game, not an LSD prescription..."
,Recommended,235800,19287033,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Prometheus,"So much better than audiosurf 1. Neverending tracks, custom skins, entertaining and fun gameplay + you can play your own music if you want, or try Song of the Day if you're competitive. (Although I'm always at least 10k points away from top 10...)"
,Recommended,235800,19286268,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chig: Baron of Beard,"Having spent a great deal of time on the original Audiosurf, I was originally kind of meh about getting the second one. Long story short, it's really worth it.The biggest appeal is that despite already being a different game every time you play it with different music you put in, because of the new modes and ability to get different skins for the tracks, it's a totally new experience every time you sit down and play it now.Dylan has done an absolutely wonderful job on creating a title that works. It just works. No matter what your tastes in music or how much of a challenge you want you're covered here. You want to sit down and just enjoy the pretty visuals? Put some of your favourite downbeat, classic or even full on classical music in and watch as the visuals adapt to it. Haven't played Touhou in a while? Realise there isn't an official title for it on Steam (yet (pls))? Put in some crazy beats and slam it on Ninja mode.Audiosurf 2 is easily worth full price. It's wonderful."
76561198158667435,Recommended,235800,19308890,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Loronin,"This is a great game for anyone who enjoys music. I play in casual mode (less crazy than the more competitive modes) with the dusk skin (driving your car along a dark highway at night). It's super relaxing and lets me listen to my music collection while giving me something nice to look at. It's not hugely varied--the variety comes from your music collection. That said, they have a daily song competition which helps to keep things fresh too. For me this game is at its best when played to your favourite relaxing, chilled-out grooves, and just cruising in your car. (It's also a big plus that it works on my tiny Acer netbook and only lags occasionally.)"
76561198050731782,Recommended,235800,19308930,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,karignisha,I play the orginal Audio Surf 1 and I'm no expert at the game. I just play it for fun when I want to listen to my music. This game is bassicaly more flashy visual and graphics with some add ons. I'm going to go in an tweek some settings later on if possible and read around the forums boards. I feel the camera was better on AS1 and hoover more close to the vehicale and could feel the up and down when with the music rythim with the vehicale. Right now it feels static and I'm just watching from afar maybe. Some of the song I play on AS1 seem more fun then on AS2. One major disapointment is that the preview bar of the song course level outcome is not there like in AS1. I'm not sure why. Maybe it because of the online streaming mood but for song that are in your folder I think it should be showing it. Instead we have button to let us preview the song which I guess is alright if you can't remmber what the song was.Got this for sell and glad I did. Even though my computer meet the requriment to run this game. It crashes a lot and boot up time take a while for the game. If I click the mouse when things are loading it will go into the not repsonding and then maybecrash. I play the game on my friend high end computer and there a vase differents in power in our computers. Probebly due to my graphic card being old now. I'll probebly hav to set the game to low settings unfortunately until I get a new PC with the proper high end spects.I don't really have any negative or positive to say about this game since I'm not an expert at this and I play it just for fun. I swap between AS1 and AS2 from time to time depending if i want a different visuals.I recomend to get this game if it on special sell.
76561198285206618,Recommended,235800,32791702,Posted: 25 June,all,Nando,That's a nooice game boi.
,Recommended,235800,32703273,Posted: 23 June,all,-TS-,Worth the seizure
,Recommended,235800,32796157,Posted: 25 June,all,PhatDicLong,Got this game for only 5 bucks and it is worth way more than that. It is a fun acdictive game that will be hard to let go of. Only had it for about 1 day and i have about 9 hours already. Great buy if you are a rhythum game lover or music lover in general. :)
76561198041134969,Recommended,235800,32691497,Posted: 23 June,all,Mjöllnir,Best Soundtrack!
76561198141331040,Recommended,235800,32759254,Posted: 24 June,all,Richard,Wtf? you're reading reviews when you could buying this game? you scumbag.
76561198115735069,Recommended,235800,32879721,Posted: 27 June,all,Sinn,"I got this because of how much I enjoyed AudioSurf and I wanted something fresh and new, I definitely appreciate this game a lot its really fun and good for wasting time, it has a nice feel to it.. owo~"
,Recommended,235800,32938912,Posted: 28 June,all,Doobly_,One of the best Music Game Ever.
,Recommended,235800,32651739,Posted: 22 June,all,Yzzin,Yes.
,Recommended,235800,32367989,Posted: 12 June,all,레고박스,Supports Youtube Video = We can play Epic Sax Guy 12 hour version.
,Recommended,235800,32742620,Posted: 24 June,all,Pecorleone,Great fun for music lovers everywhere. For the sale price of $5 its hard to say it is not worth it.
,Recommended,235800,32833306,Posted: 26 June,all,JAKE,This game is the definition of dope
76561198025811231,Recommended,235800,32718565,Posted: 24 June,all,capnrush,"Steps for a relaxing afternoon / evening.1. Set up a playlist of bangers. If it isn't a banger, don't include it.2. (Optional) Get a buzz going with whatever ingredients you have at your disposal. I don't judge.3. Load audiosurf and take your favorite music to new levels with intense moments of audio-graphical glory!4. Smile in self satisfaction that this is exactly what you needed.If you loved the Wipeout series then this is for you."
76561197987673251,Not Recommended,235800,32727237,Posted: 24 June,all,Depressive Chicken,broken achievments. i will give a positive review when it is fixed ;-)Great game but the developers did a lot of wrong things last update.Please make Audiosurf 2 great again.
,Recommended,235800,32820621,Posted: 26 June,all,xXxSanya_animexXx,WP
,Recommended,235800,33014140,Posted: 29 June,all,XSnickerWolf18,"Aye, I Play This Game Alot! And It Is Really Fun!I Recommend This To People Who Love Music!This Game, To Me, Is My Favorite Game!~~Pros:-Great Game-Smooth Gameplay<><><><><>Cons:-Needs More Songs, Some I Can't Find On There-Sometimes Lags When It Loads-Crashes Sometimes... (Rarely)~~I Love This Game So Much! :D"
,Not Recommended,235800,33016771,Posted: 29 June,all,DeluxeLegion,Gets boring and repetitve
,Recommended,235800,33066946,Posted: 30 June,all,Rohaq,"Great stuff; the ability to play both local music and videos from Youtube mean you're never going to run out of music, and the wide array of mods and skins on the workshop mean there's plenty of variety in gameplay modes and visuals.The only downside I've found is that outside of the game, the menu systems really haven't been designed with controller support in mind, with janky navigation that mean that using a mouse is pretty much required. Youtube videos also don't autoplay when you load them up, requiring you to click on the video before the game will start playing. Not so bad on a keyboard and mouse setup, but when you were planning to play with controller only, fairly disappointing."
,Recommended,235800,33086768,Posted: 1 July,all,Tsar,Best game to play when bored or just wanting to listen to your favourite music and test your reaction.10/10 worth the money.
,Recommended,235800,33092883,Posted: 1 July,all,Chorrs McGee,A good game for people with good rhythm.
76561198098022152,Recommended,235800,33073357,Posted: 1 July,all,Koolaid,Me likey
,Recommended,235800,19724533,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Damien Darkside,"Spectacular update to the original Audiosurf!If you had fun with the first one, this one is a fantastic update with Wrokshop support and better menus."
76561197961318643,Recommended,235800,19724577,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Freestyle,"It was hard to unplug from Audiosurf, but Audiosurf 2 is definitely an upgrade. Scoreboards arnt full yet, bring it on!"
,Recommended,235800,19464689,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Vulcan {MulleM8},"i bought it to relax, the butt clinch is real."
,Recommended,235800,19496619,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zacroscopic,who needs drugs when you have audiosurf two?
,Recommended,235800,19527252,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sigmund the puppeteer,this game is nice. you can play allmoust any song you like.
76561197976802520,Recommended,235800,19479901,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,guest,Good game. The workshop makes this game from good to superb.
76561198254166945,Not Recommended,235800,19395712,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Meepchan,I really want to play this game but it won't work. I open it and all I get is a black screen..
,Recommended,235800,19411397,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,kobra dad™,it's pretty helpful to convince other's that i'm studying while listening to music while i waste my time like i always do
,Recommended,235800,19363525,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Watermelonman,This game is a pretty sound way to get epilepsy.
,Recommended,235800,19420720,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Original Don,"What I reckon to be the ultimate tripout game. For those who are, how do I put this politely,,,,HIGH then I recommend you buy this game. Here you get to choose what song you want to listen to as well as play several different high speed, bursting with colours game modes. The game modes vary from using a space ship to pick up colourful orbs whilst dodging sound waves ( I KNOW RIGHT! ) to wake boarding getting massive air time. There are also plenty of workshop downloads which make the skins (the colour theme of the course) very interesting. Seriously grab this game and give it a shot. Beware however the game has crazy rapid flashing lights so I do not recommend it to people who are epiliptic."
,Recommended,235800,19708748,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SHollern,"Better than the first... how is that even possible?best music game ever, and the best way to experiance a new album."
,Recommended,235800,19744658,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Guilherme D'ravem,Awesome game for anyone who enjoy music and beat related games. Literaly you get into the vibe or your music as her it and see the game challenge you on it.
,Recommended,235800,19602649,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,OshiX,"To be straight forward, I only recommend this to people who listen to more popular electronic music. If you listen to anything else, you won't have as much fun.I listen to speedcore, terror, 90's hardcore...some 90's DnB...and the only thing that really makes this game react is more pop type electronics...or nerd electronics XDI've tried stuff like Com Truise and the courses are pretty jumpy with the big kicks, so if you want the most out of the visuals and funky courses, then play songs with big kicks. No techno doesn't work either.It's very fun though when you find the right music."
,Not Recommended,235800,19605479,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[Linux] ivdok,"It's much faster, more competitive and less hardware-optimised. Everything I hate about this game is here - it's much harder to score high because of my kinda numb reflexes (it felt like I cound beat the track if I trained more and more when I played 1st part, now it's impossible even to think about topping it), it puts salt upon wounds by telling me whole lot of people play better than me, and menu and loading interfaces are messy. 4/10."
,Recommended,235800,19518084,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bernie Sander is Lit!,"Sometimes I buy a game just because I like some of the music. But this game I'll tell you, this game has all the music I like!"
76561197998231575,Recommended,235800,19511746,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nelthar,I never get bored of it
,Recommended,235800,16867180,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,p1x3l,"Review: Audiosurf 2Audiosurf 2 is a game unlike any other, where you play as a ship and play through multiple gamemode as music plays to go with the game.GameplayAudiosurf 2 allows you to play in multiple gamemodes, not only you can play as a ship, as the Workshop allows you to change how you play the game. In the classic gamemode, you play as a ship and collect crystals and collect as many points as you can. Not only as you can play with music, but the Workshop allows you to customize your game. The styles can be abstract, or something completely inner-world. Both styles can be pleasing to the eyes.DesignThe main styles of the game are very well made, as abstract designs flow alongside the music. Overall, the design is great!Fun FactorThe fun factor of the game isn't the best, as it can get a bit boring and repetitive after playing the game for a little while. The styles of the game can boost the Fun Factor, but it could improve. What makes it fun is that you can listen to your favourite music, while playing the game, kind of like listening to a radio while playing a 8-bit retro game at the same time.Gameplay: 7.9/10Design: 10/10Fun Factor: 6.7/10Audiosurf 2 is a rhythemic game where you collect crystals, fly through rings, and a whole lot of different gamemodes with a few flaws. Overall, this game gets a6.2/10Recommended.."
,Recommended,235800,19873981,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,✪ Redex,OMG LOVE THIS GAME KEK
76561197995526311,Recommended,235800,19855649,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bora,"mdma enchancer 11/10 !been playing mono mode since audiosurf 1, never got bored. this game really makes you feel the waves of music as you imagined while listening. I dunno, its a bit hard to explain -some sorcery♥♥♥♥♥♥-. From Mozart to Pink Floyd, Daft Punk to Nicky Romero, Justice to Gesaffelstein, Knife Party to the damn Trentemoller this damn game renders music perfectly i really dunno how yet it ♥♥♥♥ing does."
76561198003681865,Recommended,235800,19838588,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Deadman,Not bad.
,Recommended,235800,20026274,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TemXan Mon,AMAZING!!!!!
,Recommended,235800,20026549,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,I got what I paid for and at a fair price.
,Recommended,235800,20286516,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kether,Insanely good game!
,Recommended,235800,20280785,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheFearsomeDemon,Cool game 8/10 please add new skins/modes
76561198175864283,Recommended,235800,20273523,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CastleBrando,10/10 -ign #yoloblazeit420 gr8 b8 m8 buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,235800,20147071,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nagisaki,"This game is extremely good at what it does! It also uses songs from soundcloud so you can search from an incredibly large library of songs. If it exists, it'll be there!I geniuenly cannot stop playing this game! It's so much fun and I definitely reccomend it. Especially if you're competitive!"
,Not Recommended,235800,20143620,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,coolsoldier,"Let me start off by saying I LOVED Audiosurf. It was my pride and joy of music games (until it died down a little and I switched to Beat Hazard.) I am vastly addicted to competitive beat matching games. I would probably love DDR if my feet cordination was anything above utter crap. I am always constantly looking for new Tap Tap games on my phone and can waste hours upon hours of my day perfecting one song in my favorites folder.And that is why I cannot recommend this game to anyone who feels the same sort of passion for competitve beat games.Because this game literally changes per run. Per. Run. As in when I start up a ninja session of some random song, hit a spike, and then restart, the course I literally had just been on will have changed.To some this may be a minor issue, but to me, its a giant plastered ""**** you"" to the genre I love so much. I mean, how can you truthfully expect to rate a person's ability within a song if it changes for that individual every time they run that song? Much else compare the score to other persons online, who probably had a different course altogether than from the one you were running? This makes practice of songs utterely impossible, and practice of the game a luck and grinding method, learning common themes and patterns in the CODE, not within an individual song. I don't want to learn an indepth analysis of the game and how it works, I want to analyse the song, and adapt to that. I want to hit a spike in one spot, try again, and then avoid that spike. Sure it makes it ""more intense"" and makes running a single song ""harder to perfect"" but you know how other games do the same thing? They make the courseharderlike any other logical person would do. Within this, the only difficulty I find is the speed is faster, the clutter is more random ( and honestly, harder to see ) and the strange method of forcing either a full control mouse ( an imperfect method in any game where there are designated lanes ) or the strange middle focused keyboard thing they have going on ( it makes it to where instead of moving left and right within all lanes, you move left, then when you let go, it automatically repostions the character to the middle lane again. )This really breaks my heart, seeing a series I previously loved fail to recreate the same joy in its sequal. I don't know if there are mods that may make the game more my style but given that I would have to search out features that should have been the main components of the game, I don't feel it deserves the satisfaction.My refund is pending 3/10"
,Recommended,235800,20101982,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,oof,An extremely vast improvement over the original audiosurf both visually and functionably!~Runs smooth as butter and holy hell it has support for soundcloud?!... Nice.
,Recommended,235800,20177326,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Baron,"As a person who played Audiosurf 1 and liked it so much, i recommend the second game much more!The controls is really easy to get used, i used to play with mouse since i play a lot of FPS games so i used to move mouse fast, anyway.There is a live scoreboard while you are playing and it shows you the score of the best person at that time of song, so you can compare yours with him.There are new skins but there is also the classic look of first game which i love, to be honest.If you have soundcloud account (Like i do) you can play your own songs if you have (which i don't have). Even if you don't have Soundcloud account, you can still browse songs and play them!If you have no idea what to play, you can select random songs and pick a random variety of songs from there which is uber cool and really a good way to find out more good vibes ;)I highly recommend this game!"
76561198014313584,Recommended,235800,24399005,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,chadtindale,"This is a good game that's about half the game you want.There's no way to upload a folder and have it randomly select your music. There's no random at all. The game is simple. You select a song by browsing for it on your computer (or use the random internet song that you've never heard of) and then you select the way you want to play it as a level. In my opinion, this is a great concept that hasn't been turned into a game yet. I look forward to the day when they use this framework to make a real game with a goal. But it isn't there yet. That said, it's good fun when you have 4 minutes to kill. or 13 if you're a Dreamtheater fan."
,Recommended,235800,19183333,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Crystall,It's like road rage. You crash into as many spikes as possible.
76561198012466016,Recommended,235800,24155194,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,simsfanatique,"It plays like an upgrade to the first one rather than a straight-up sequel, so if it was between one or the other then I'd probably advise just going with one. That's not to say it's a wasted purchase if you already own the first game, though. It seems to analyse your music better. The songs feel way more in sync with the tracks.The modes have changed somewhat from the first game too. I like that mono's been expanded, as that was the standout mode of the first game for me. I like the change from gray blocks to spikes, but it can feel pretty unforgiving at times. And I enjoy the addition of audiosprint - a mode specifically designed for controllers is pretty neat.The one thing that I plain don't like is the UI. It's super cluttered and for a game that seems to be better integrated with controllers, it's a nightmare navigating the front screen with them. The degree of control users have over the settings seems to have been downgraded too, and I miss being able to check out your play history; e.g. what thrones you currently have, record of your scores.Overall though, it's still a fun play and an awesome way to interact with your music."
,Recommended,235800,24147688,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Index,"I owned this game for three days before I got rank 4 globally in ""Libera Me From Hell."" It took two hours for me to be bumped down to rank 5.420/69, would play again."
,Recommended,235800,24141137,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Миша,"Great Game! It captures the song pretty well and the bros really drop. The only downside of this though, is that the electro swing drops have so much bass and only very few high/normal tones, that Audisurf DOESN'T capture and making th biggest drops.... not drop AT ALL. Please do something about that game devs. 7/10"
,Recommended,235800,24122859,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,IrishGent,The first game is good but you needed the songs on file. This game I think is better. It connects to Soundcloud. and you can also you the songs on you computer. Plus its a lot of fun.
,Not Recommended,235800,24098687,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Spider Monk,"Sooo, I'm not sure what to think about this game...The screenshots and videos looked awesome, it has tons and tons of really positive reviews, and I'm a huge music lover/musician. I bought it during the summer sale, unfortunately didn't have enough time to try the demo before making my last minute decision to buy this game. I feel like it adapts to the rhythm of the music very very poorly. Occasionally it'll be *right* in sync, and it feels awesome, then after a few seconds it'll be off doing random patterns that absolutely do not line up with the music at all. I don't get it. This inconsistent rhythm matching is especially weird considering how many reviewers claim that Audiosurf 2 syncs up to music a lot better than Audiosurf 1.I want to like this game because it seems to have a lot to offer compared to other more ""traditional"" rhythm-based games, but the core of the game itself just really doesn't feel like it's any good."
76561198084341247,Recommended,235800,24119242,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RadiantDarkBlaze,"Look at my total play time; pounce on a sale. Once you have this game, ignore the RNG-based so called 'main' modes such as mono or ninja and check out these workshop modes:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=183071689http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=598856943http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=693784930These modes will give you endless pure skill-based competition and endless opportunity to enjoy your music~ ♪♫♪♫"
76561198070528367,Recommended,235800,16018519,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Slaylem,This is a good game. It's easy enough that people who don't often play video games will have no trouble at all with jumping in and having fun. It's also challenging enough to entertain seasoned gamers.
76561198064772424,Recommended,235800,25691903,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ToP TieR SkinheaD DemoN,"A casual Rhythm game that can quickly become a competitive Rhythm game.Very basic gameplay, 3 lanes, hit objects on each lane to fill up that lane's bar, hit spikes and a that lane's bar goes down by one, once's a bar's complete, all lane bars are cleared and you get points based on how full each lane bar was.Seems simple enough, right? Here's where the competitive aspect comes in. Use spikes to your advantage. If you don't collect anything for a couple of seconds, all lane bars are consumed. But what if you need to hit some objects on the left lane but the right and centre lanes are full? Hit spikes, they'll decrease the lane bar of the lane they hit, but it'll give you more slack to hit something before the bars expire. The more full all the bars are when a you hit an object on a full lane (And therefore clear the bars) results in how many points you get.Obviously, this is all done to the beats and tempo of the song you're playing.Songs of the Day change daily (Duh), and players compete for a high score. If you get within the top 10 (I think its 10?) then you'll appear on the leaderboard for everyone to see. Pretty satisfying to see yourself on the leaderboard of 'You reposted in the wrong neighbourhood'.However, uses soundcloud for songs, or local files. You won't always find the song you wanna play to.9/10 would surf to dank memes again."
,Recommended,235800,25410759,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Luvile,"Since its engine could produce tracks out of almost any audio file, you could ride your own voice as well .-."
,Recommended,235800,25604879,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,さよならCrawl,It really uncomfortable how after letting go of arrow button you come back to the middle but if you play with a mouse its much much more doable lol
,Recommended,235800,25593937,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Weng,Music to my ears
,Not Recommended,235800,26012008,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ChainArts,When i first bought this game it was great because i could play it even though i have really bad internet. Now after the update the song is constantly skipping/lagging and i cant really play it normally anymore. Looks like I have to download everything I want and play it then which is really annoying to do. Also you cant adjust the volume of the video sound. They really ♥♥♥♥ed up with this update and i cant recommend it anymore. Had fun playing it tho
,Recommended,235800,26001254,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,grim5000,fun game to play when you're too tired to play most other games. bit addictive as well.my only problems are the lack of consistent modes for competitive play. the order of the dots are randomized making luck play a bit of a factor in your score
76561198066622280,Not Recommended,235800,26138065,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Laraza,"This game gives me a new way to appreciate all of my favorite songs ^^...However, the recent Youtube Streaming update ruined something for me. There's this one song that I really love, but can't buy on my ipod for various reasons. So if I want to play it on Audiosurf 2 I needed to search it online through the game. After a long unintended break from this game, I return to it and search for that one particular song to play...and come up with the music video for it on youtube instead. That music video has a small ""non-song"" skit at the end of it. If I play that video on Audiosurf 2, I'll be forced to play through the (somewhat cringey) skit at the end, which I do NOT want to do. I also dont like that the youtube video plays in the corner of the screen as you play. It's very distracting.So while I do love this game deep in my heart, with this recent update Im forced to give it a thumbs down. If the Youtube Streaming thing didn't completely overtake the online search function, I wouldn't mind. But it did JUST that, so...yeah."
76561197989810030,Not Recommended,235800,26218582,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Synx,"I loved audiosurf one, so i thought, why didn't buy Audiosurf 2?! Huge dissapointment! The menu looks like a garbage, tons of bugs.. mostly when i want to choose music and the program can't load that (Audiosurf 1 can load that). So You should buy Audiosurf 1 if you want to get nice ride on your music. not this!!!"
,Recommended,235800,25829995,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,aidenbigggYT,How To Fix It Is By reinstall The Game I Did That My Game Works
76561198083309513,Recommended,235800,25781222,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Cease,Great on PC.  Broken on Mac.
,Recommended,235800,20020928,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yuuki2g,A lot of you people listen to some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥POSITIVE: I can listen to anything I want ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)NEGATIVE: Not Accurate enough!8/10
76561198102093684,Recommended,235800,25856782,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,gametron59,"you surf the waves of your favourite song, what is there not to like?"
,Recommended,235800,26010903,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Vladimir Senpai,Nice to play with friends on a big screen
,Not Recommended,235800,26395272,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Darzaire,"TL;DR: Neat ideas, but looks mediocre and plays poorly. Buy the first instead because it's better. I'm bitter because my favorite mode is gone.I played quite a bit of the first game and absolutely loved it. I personally enjoyed playing Double Vision by myself. One of my most favorite rhythm games, and certainly my favorite procedural-generation one (as opposed to games like Beat Hazard or Symphony). But Audiosurf 2 took everything good and just threw it out the window.It's cool that they're implementing in-client streaming from external sites, but it doesn't fix any of the core issues with the game. They started this game by pushing their new modes, which is fine, but they're either mono (snore) or just kinda weird and annoying more than actually fun. Later on they did re-implement some early game modes like the classic Pointman, but they're still missing my main mode Double Vision. Sure there's mods but none of them are perfect and they aren't really part of the core game regardless.The visuals kinda hamper the gameplay, which I know kinda sounds weird. They went for a more 'realistic' (somewhat) look and moved away from the arcadey-looking roots, which I think was a bad choice. The block colors aren't so distinct from each other, and there's so much visual 'noise' from the backgrounds and scenery that it mildly distracts from the track. The first game had obvious, saturated colors and made them look good.I've saved the absolute worst for last: the perspective. Good God what are they thinking? The camera is weirdly placed really far back from the car(s) for some reason, which causes all sorts of issues. There's a whole bunch of wasted screenspace behind the cars, which makes it feel like you can't see as much. This is really bad for colors modes again because you need to see as far ahead as you can to plan your pickups. And it makes the whole track and car(s) feel like they're moving so much slower, which is less fun; it's the same concept as Hyperspeed in Guitar Hero and such. But secondly, the distance between you and your car(s) means that you feel much less in-control, because of that layer of separation. And like anyone that plays these games or even just reads music, your eyes' resting position moves away from where you are and instead looks at what's coming. But the perspective is so damn weird that you can't just do it by feel, which just makes it more frustrating, meaning less fun.You may notice I keep referencing the first game. That's because the first game is just so much better. I don't just mean that Audiosurf 2 is a weak sequel; if you compare the two games as standalone experiences, the first is superior.And I'm also sour about the absence of DV."
,Recommended,235800,26537307,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Frozen Psyche,"if you played audiosurf 1 you will be quickly disapointed on how much of a downgrade this is in every aspect.The interface is downright aweful, some of the bonuses you would get in the las one like ""clean finish"" and others are removed, you can no longer catch blocks with the side of yout ship (this might be my impression but in several songs it felt like that, the song layouts are not consistent so it made me feel like your score can be luck based depending if you get lucky with the layout, and lastly the way to play online songs is just busted (not that i was planing on using that very much cause i have my own music library).overall the firstone was already such a good experience and has such a better presentation that i wonder how they managed to make so much worse, they just had to leave it exactly the same and just add the skins and the online music and it would have been a hit.my recomendation is get audiosurf 1, forget this was ever released."
,Not Recommended,235800,26714718,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DickMuffinOverlord (Suniccc),"I would recomend this game, but seeing as they took off the option to use ""Soundcloud"" for ""YouTube"", it became a bad game. when I try to use YouTube it lags my game to the point of crashing. It was a good game till the YouTube update came out. :("
,Recommended,235800,19296273,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Nato Boram,"Immersive experience. If you're really into music, I don't know what you're doing with your life without this game."
,Recommended,235800,26554151,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pretty Boy For A Day,"So i just got this game 2 days ago... it has pretty much consumed my life, it's kind of a problem to the point where it's negatively affecting my health.I can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing, but overall this game is perfect for those who are into some great music, and know how to treat the beat.The youtube update, because many people have complained and written bad reviews because of it, in my opinion makes this game 10 times better due to the fact that you can find physically anything on youtube, making this game an endless experience of rhythmic magic."
,Recommended,235800,28347923,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ItsMarvin,The beats dropped harder than anything else  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )Nice game.. Every song is a nice little challenge :D0ver 9000/69 would drop again.
,Recommended,235800,26612183,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Awesomov,"There aren't a whole lot of music-based games out there which can utilize your own music. Granted, what we have is generally quite brilliant, but of all of these games, Audiosurf 2 stands above them all as the greatest. That's because there's no sense of frustration in this game that comes with other games of its ilk. This game, even when it becomes difficult, is never frustrating. It is an easy game to relax to and have fun with, even with the craziest of tracks. This isn't just because of the casual modes, as it's typically easy enough, and fun enough, to just keep playing songs over and over to reach desired scores.The presentation is also generally fantastic, what with default skins already looking flashy, one of which borrows its colors from the album artwork of whichever song you're playing, but plenty are available for download in the Workshop which are arguably even better than the default skins. These skins alone can assist greatly in enhacing the mood of the songs you're playing, and with so many different options between the three modes, particularly the songs and skins, the possibilities are virtually limitless.This is one of those games in which it is easy to come back to after a long period of inactivity. It is also easy enough to play for quick periods of time; you'll more than likely feel like playing more than a couple songs, but if you only have time for that, this game is great for that. And since each song plays differently and has its own high score track (in accordance with which mode you pick to boot), there are plenty of reasons to keep coming back. The only small problem is there are occasional times where the game will misread a track, such as a thrash or death metal song, as not very intense, and ambient relaxing tunes as the most intense pieces of them all, which isn't always the case but does happen sometimes. The game still generally reads most music well enough, though, and doesn't hinder it from being an all-time great game. Among my highest recommendations on all of Steam."
,Recommended,235800,28520624,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Slash,Amaaing game! I love to play my favroite songs to action!
,Recommended,235800,28554755,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hypestrat22,"Amazing! Very fast-paced and addictive, plus innovative! A unique and fun way to listen to your playlist."
,Recommended,235800,28196342,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,toucan dan,"Playing on mac, play button goes away every time I choose a song making the game unplayable. Also everytime I enter the settings menu I can't exit so have to force quit. I was really looking forward to playing finally, but its super broken.EDIT: Turns out I just had to adjust the resolution and enter windowed mode. Still can't exit out of the settings menu without closing out the game. It is a great game though."
,Recommended,235800,28680752,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Baby Fart McGee-zax,Great Music based game! addicting yet relaxing!
76561198088280254,Recommended,235800,28672011,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shadow5050,"Literally ride your music. I think that any person that likes music will enjoy this game.And now that it was on sale, I just HAD to get it."
76561198349925925,Recommended,235800,29030250,Posted: 5 January,all,Jack the Ripper,自己熟悉的旋律 自己漏掉的颜色 你说不好玩 我是不信的
,Recommended,235800,29265702,Posted: 14 January,all,宮の三葉,并没有后悔买这款游戏，很好，打折买的也不贵，刚开始玩那个飞机模式的时候还是莫不清楚的，英语渣。最后迷上了跑步模式、地图背景也超好看，值得入手，现在已经轻松可以跑任意一首歌满分了！
,Recommended,235800,16629759,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,haedaeso,"I'm an audiophile to the bone and I collect way too many albums.Sometimes I just want to listen to music and I don't really want to be distracted from it, but I also desire something to do other than sitting still. Finding something that fits that need well has always eluded me.And that was the appeal of the original Audiosurf, which is also why I broke down and installed steam to begin with. Audiosurf did its job.Audiosurf 2 fills that space now, but is superior in every way. Sure, it might have its overall pros and cons, but honestly I think it all comes down to this:Do you truly love music? If so, this is the game for you. It will make your entire catalog interactive, bright, fast paced and fun.Lastly one great thing I can say is that while Audiosurf is flashy and fun to play, it does *not* make me motion sick, unlike so many of the newer music games out there."
,Recommended,235800,23101892,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kurt,"A very simple concept executed very well. With the only primary game mechanic being 'left' or 'right', you wouldn't think AS 2 had much to work with, and you'd be right actually. Fundamentally speaking this game is very basic. Sure, there's an array of modes and the Workshop support only encourages more content over time, but everything is going to come back to that left and right mechanic. This isn't a bad thing though. AS 2 takes a very simple mechanic and refines it to the point of near perfection. Not once have I felt let down by the game. If I've missed a block, it has always been my fault. This is further supported by the stellar gameplay. On my mid-range gaming PC I never dropped below 100 FPS on high settings, making the gameplay as good as you'll ever want it.Basically, Audiosurf 2 is far from clever but it's so well refined and addicting to play you wont care. You can stream sounds via the Cloud, play songs straight from your computer and enjoy your favourite tunes in an array of different modes and themes. One of the my enjoyable games I've played in recent years."
76561198090805088,Recommended,235800,20457609,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Red Cone Man,Basically Rockband without friends. 9/10
,Recommended,235800,19395148,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hazzar,"+Can import your own music+Steam workshop support for custom level themes+Very simple controls+Pretty much everything about the game is good-There is no cons about this game.Picked this game up in the steam sale for like 4 quid, even though I don't have many hours on it I can confirm that it is very fun even when you don't use the steam workshop and the longevity of the game is infinite because of the never ending amount of songs, mixes and other types of music coming out.10/10 Would recommend to anyone."
76561198227400476,Recommended,235800,20462187,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,sharpeye,I really enjoy this game because it gives me something to do when im bored and dont want to be super competitive
,Not Recommended,235800,20533302,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,[WDB]Visotoniki,"Pros:-It plays music.-It looks pretty.-The community stuff is much better than the first one.Cons:-It doesn't feel right.-It isn't the first game, but updated."
,Recommended,235800,20510872,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jackie,"Just Buy it. 3 hours feel like enough to say: JUST DO IT!Awesome Tracks generated for every Track, Awesome Game Modes...i feel like in that lego movie where Everything is awweeesommmeeeePlaying a an awesome Game while Listening to awesome Music (That u can choose yourself!) is just one of the best Gaming Experiences i know. i give 1000 out of a 1000 songs that i feel like i already surfed (in a good meaning)So there is just one thing to do now if you trust me, a random Stranger from Steam: Buy it to have FUN!Although i am not the only random stranger that has this opinion!"
76561198005018731,Not Recommended,235800,20568825,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,StealthWalker,OVER PRICED FOR A BASIC GAME
76561198117942381,Recommended,235800,19728295,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tallos the Dark,"I dislike the lack of being able to create a custom playlist in the game (as far as I can tell), I like everything else. If you spend countless hours listening to music anyway than this game will be perfect for you. 9/10"
,Recommended,235800,19660526,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DZHEX,"Of all the rythm (music-based) games I've seen so far, this is the only one that's worth playing IMHO. It is very well-designed in general, supports custom gamemodes and skins (via steam workshop) and creates an amazing music-videogame experience. The whole composition of this game depends on the gamemode and skin, but the song analysis is very well-done. The automated game track design just... works. And it works so good. The speed, the acceleration, everything working together is just beautiful. Get a colorful skin, a beautiful song and you'll be in for an awesome ride.If you see this game go on sale (and, of course, are interested), I recommend you grab it since that doesn't happen often.P.SThere's also this guy that goes by the name ""Personal best"". He's gotta be a cheater or something....Wait..."
76561198129798352,Recommended,235800,19913710,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,REPORT,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,235800,19915385,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bee,"This is a fantastic game! Beautiful graphics, tons of easy-to-install mods (thanks to steam workshop support) and there's even SoundCloud audio available as well in-game. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,235800,19956285,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✿ブルエスタース✿,"Holy meow.Audiosurf has changed a lot.And now, its really much better and nice quality!The game can find musics by your Folders or by Soundcloud.And you don't need to log in on the game, like you needed to log in at Audiosurf 1.But here you don't need to.I need to say, that this game had amazing graphics and really nice colors!It made me really happy that i saw the colors! ( and musics too! :3 )So yes, i do recommend the game, REALLY HARD. <3"
76561197986223876,Recommended,235800,21528288,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr. Frippe,I played the first audiosurf a few weeks after release and i got stuck with it and even though it's the same concept it's still as good as the first one. Cred aswell for the amazing musiclibrary and how simple it is to choose your music!
,Recommended,235800,21533109,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nevermind,"Audiosurf 2 is a great game if you have a big library of music. You can be that dude who wants to be the best runner of a tune in the world, trying to beat the records and stuff. And just that other dude like me, who loves music to death and that only want to listen to music while having something to do. I really don't see myself much listening to music without doing anything else, but what this game offers is great : not only does it occupies you while you're enjoying yo jam, but also it gives you some kind of tripy experience at same time. Some songs, that really packs a punch reveal themselves to be really hard to play on, and that makes up for a great challenge. Another nice feature of the game is the compatibilité with the Steam workshop and the many skins you can download and apply to your game. Some of them are just magic and really transform the music you can listen to sometimes. It creates an ambiance, and there's so many of them you can just associate songs with some of them and really immerse yourself in your own bubble, your own world."
,Recommended,235800,21734503,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dongo,"Fun, Great and Time Consuming - IGN 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,16536146,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,♠ PheX,"Though Audiosurf 1 was an epic game, this one still nice and it really improves the background colours. There is a huge variety of skin and mods in the workshop worth trying.LOVE SURFING MY MUSIC <3"
,Recommended,235800,21146439,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Solidus Jungle,This is better than LSD
,Recommended,235800,21143040,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,cemcmd,"Amazing, too amazing with the right song."
,Recommended,235800,21143514,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,34 y/o Military Cyborg Ninja,"The title of the game says it all. This is a game that will entertain you for hours. You choose the song, it randomizes the track you follow to literally: ride your music. There are several different modes to it, so you are bound to find one that will have you coming back. You can find songs from Soundcloud, or upload your own songs straight from your files. Recently the game has added a leaderboard to each song, so that you beat out the best to become the best at the song of your choice. You can also download custom maps to fit the mood of the song your playing."
,Recommended,235800,21193365,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Retard!,This game is way too much funI'm still confused how the game creates the levels lel
76561198207593655,Recommended,235800,21138213,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sneaky McSneaks,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, plain and simple. This game is really fun while tripping on LSD also. The colors are amazing and riding my music is so enjoyable. I love this game and highly recommend it, for any and every one."
,Recommended,235800,21334852,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mouka,"I LOVE THIS GAME.Download some flashy rainbow skins, play some Beatles music and just mellow out, brah."
76561198118441672,Recommended,235800,21336043,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SlaveikLoneWolf,my fevorite game very fun gameplay.never had anithing like that one.The mono charecters are my personal fev :)youve got to try this game.
,Recommended,235800,21541783,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,xd CSGO500,Best game to play while high on crack
,Recommended,235800,21488459,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thatguyehler,"It's quite amazing just how good this game is. Perfectly matches to any song you throw at it, and it doesn't get boring thanks to all the different game modes. Definitely worth the asking price!"
76561198163819011,Recommended,235800,21521597,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Astire-d21AD,It's a good game. Troche droga ale dobra :)
,Recommended,235800,20383529,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jeffrey the Schoolgirl,"Super fun to mess around in. Not really a game you just sit down and play. More of time killer. Still fun, though."
,Recommended,235800,20363571,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Helix,A fun rhythmic game to pass the time though I have a suspicion that the runner mode is in need of fine tuning. Often times I'll find my character doesn't move as fast as I press the button which can be very annoying.
,Recommended,235800,8967200,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,xIsolophobiax,"[Updated Offical Released]So I recently got a message from the developer asking me to take another look. Here is my New Review of Audio Surf 2.Just from AS2 New Art style on the front page I can tell alot has changed. Its beautiful and right now im only talking about the games image logo with the purple and pink. I love it. It gets right to the point the Name and it shows you what your in for.Now talking about the game. As soon as I started it up I could tell there were improvments. The Menu, my god is SO CLEAN AND CLEAR. It gives you everything you need acces to right on the start page. So I appreciate the developer changing that around to be alittle more in order.I just spent about 2 hours playing AS2, thats already saying something since my last review i tried about 10 songs and didnt want to play it anymore.The modes are more on par to what a Veteran of AS would like, the visualations are very pretty and they seem more in tune to match the beat of the music this time around. Lots of sparkels and colors and its one EPIC visual trip that we all loved before.I still dont quite understand the surfboard mode as it says white squares indicate when to jump, Yet after playing 3 songs of different Bps ( beats per second ), not once did i notice a white square telling me when to jump. So still alittle confusing there.The sprint mode was neat and easy, very fast but its a strays from the orignal modes to give you a diffferent perspective. The character does look alittle much like Faith from Mirrors Edge though.Im still impressed to see that Audio Surf 2 can hold up a 49 minute compliation of songs in one track/surf. Yes I literally played 45 minutes straight for a compilation of Gundam Openings. Crazy.I also noticed the ability to sign in with a sound cloud account and play music straight from sound cloud which is a neat feature although it tottaly would have been epic if Spotify could be used with Audio Surf 2.Initial overlook says you ""SHOULD TOTTALY BUY THIS GAME!!!!"" My overall new rating is a solid 8/10[ Past Review Early Access ]So here it is my AudioSurf 2 Review. Before I start I have to say if you have ever EVER EVER played AudioSurf ""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! It will ruin everything you loved about the first one.The new visuals are neat but they tend to not give an idea of the music unlike it Epic father of a game.  The UI is just messed up and dirty I really do not like the new menu, Its three tabs that you choose before a song it makes it feel like your quickly thrown into a game with out knowing whats new.The New wakeboaring mode is dumb, Half the time I cant enjoy the song because Im to busy focusing on where these waves are going to come in at as they are not very noticable. and the idea there you can only earn points at high enough jumps on your music is dumb. I have alot of music and I only get like 4 or 5 jumps through out the whole song makes for a terrible music riding exsperiance and thats what this is sopposed to offer right?Anyways on to the new mono its so slow! Mono was sopposed to teach players right in the orignal , but now in mono for AS2 it is almost as if they are trying to give new users enough points to make it on the leader boards ( which by the way now are all seperate not shared which is good but didnt they do that before anyways? )The new Ninja Mono mode is insane I loaded up a song I liked to play on AS and it was extreamly unplayable , it moves ridiculously fast and just makes no sense as to how your sopposed to play this game fast enough , By the time you pres your key your reaction time is just to slow to get mostly any unless your lucky with the mouse.Overall I have put little time into this game because its Unclean , Messy , The new visuals are horrible and I just prefer the good old AS where the menu was clean , they gave you lots of choices on difficulty and the type of ship you want to ride your music on and gameplay options also. I know this is only early acess but damn they screwed this game a new open gaping hole hard. Im really disappointed."
,Recommended,235800,20440525,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MistahHamehs,Timekiller.
,Recommended,235800,20356389,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,xyproto,"Pros: Trippy visuals, good immersion and training of reflexes. More fun than expected! Really customizable. The controls are super responsive.Cons: Could have more quality songs available. There are some times graphical glitches.This is a game that is suitable for ""zoning out"" while listening to music of your choice. It's surprisingly polished and smooth. Can be played while leaning back."
,Recommended,235800,20167838,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Conan The Librarian,"Being one who grew up with the ""Guitar Hero"" games, this brings back the memories of it. Instead of using an instrument to hit the notes, you use a little ship(car,ect.) to hit the tune. One thing, compared to the original AS, this is more on the social/community side(aka leaderboards) so you, the player can strive for the high score, if you are competitive of course.The big difference which makes me prefer this over the Guitar Hero games of old, is that you can use your own music and ""ride"" them. So if you are a music lover(like me), then you won't regret the buy. :)"
,Not Recommended,235800,16365626,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wampa Stompa,"Feels more or less like the original, adds a few extra features, and somehow is even more hideous to look at. Disappointing."
,Recommended,235800,16380385,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Repartees,"Much better than Audiosurf 1, if you liked that you'll love this"
76561198218385784,Recommended,235800,16329079,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,socially inept recluse,both the first one and this one are amazing games they each have a feature that the other one doesnt so if you want the full experience then you have to download both of its an amazing games for music lovers and very easy to play its like guitar hero but better i strongly reccomend this 10/10
,Recommended,235800,16415798,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DirahKei,"Awesome.I never played the original Audiosurf, but I had always heard about it. This is an awesome game. Play any song you like (epic ones are the best) and be in the music.The only drawback is that it doesn't store high scores locally. If the Internet drops out during play, ir doesn't matter how many points you get. That would be a good improvement. *hint*"
,Recommended,235800,16417349,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Anguirus,"Audiosurf with better graphics, more avenues for community integration, soundcloud track integration and a vastly improved algorithm that makes playing music outside of upbeat Electronic music legitimately enjoyable and oftentimes just as challenging as faster dance tracks could be in their own way. There's nothing not to like here, especially if you were a fan of the first Audiosurf"
76561198056938551,Not Recommended,235800,16417408,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kuanling,The algorithm used to create the tracks seems inferior to the first game. The gradient seems a lot flatter even when the song has quite heavy bass. New modes and fun but save money and go buy Audiosurf 1 instead
,Recommended,235800,16421255,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Anon,"Faster, slicker, and overall more radiant than it's predecessor.Absolutely breathtaking."
,Recommended,235800,16318683,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,rctdude2,"A remake of Audiosurf with new modes, mod support for modes and color schemes though Workshop, a much improved scoreboard system (seperate scoreboards for each mode), better Steam integration (no external account needed), SoundCloud integration, and better graphics. Do note that Mono Pro doesn't exist in the base game (Ninja Mono and causal  Mono do, however, as well as the other modes) Get it when it's on sale."
76561198051977664,Recommended,235800,16321623,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Judge Teddy,A good sequal with more options to the kind of highways and game modes. It gets a bg boost from the community in terms of variaty skins.A+
,Recommended,235800,16041262,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,BoInGyman_™,"Pros:-- Same gameplay (more or less) as the original Audiosurf----Most modes are the same from the first game, but there are a few changes to the existing ones or a couple new modes-- Reads music far better than the original, notes are more accurate to the songs (in other words, less blank space when there is music!)-- Looks better-- Controller supportCons:-- UI is horrendous when using controller-- Explanation of modes are ""meh""---- What does a power block do in mono? It gives me big points, okay, but what does it DO? (It looks like it gives me the points for the current grid, then gives me a duplicate grid...)----Wakeboard mode: Why can't I jump? I press ""Jump"", but I just sit there and the camera goes to 3rd person for a few seconds. I even do it at hills in the track but still no luck. There are no clear indicators for the big jumps either (the minimap gives a general idea, but it all looks the same to me when I get there). I can flip with mouse wheel, but can I flip with controller?Otherwise a good game, issues can (hopefully) be worked out."
,Recommended,235800,16043545,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[5lbs]JakeRage,"Whoever is questioning whether or not to get this game, get it! The first game was great, and this one is even better! For $3 more than the original, you can't go wrong, amazing graphics, no lag, and makes your music sound&look awesome. I've played more than an hour and I will keep using it!"
76561198013366670,Recommended,235800,16044904,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,kilimanziaro,Great soundtrack.
,Recommended,235800,16047553,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Iced,"I've been an owner since the Early Access, and let me say, this game has come a long way. The original Audiosurf was a masterpiece, and to be honest, I was disappointed when I played this game in Early Access. After playing Audiosurf 2 on it's full release, I can confirm that it's nearly leaps and bounds better than the original Audiosurf. The UI is gorgeous, the ability to play songs from online sources is brilliant, and the new mono gameplay is exceptional. I would higly reccomend this game to a fan of the original Audiosurf, but be aware, there is a bit of a learning curve."
,Recommended,235800,16048008,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Epical Sarge,Music Lovers ParadisePros:Some of the best integration in a music game I've seenFeatures Soundcloud support!Graphics are amazing with modsMods make the game ten times better with different game types and map modsCons:A few bugsSeriously there isnt...Buy it...Like now.
76561198141068098,Recommended,235800,16032092,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,imac,"It works now, yay."
,Recommended,235800,16049997,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,One Eyed Slugger,Amazing Game!
76561198043295880,Recommended,235800,16050821,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,EhDubb,"I don't need much playtime to recommend this game wholeheartedly. It's so fun and a real mood-cleanser. Never been happier with a $15 game. There's more options than I expected and a near limitless song choice (thanks SoundCloud!). Honestly, I've had more fun, like legitimate laughing fun, with this game than I have any $60+ game out there. It's brilliant.Protip: If you want something a bit more frantic, type in ""Nightcore"" and find a song title you recognize. And say you're gaming on a toaster, use the ""Mystify"" skin."
,Recommended,235800,16052661,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[BoBo] AY PAPI,"This isn't just some Guitar Hero puzzle game; it's a different way to experience music.  It's easy to start up a game (just pick a song, a mode, and a skin), with countless ways to play.  You can make it impossibly hard or so easy you literally don't need to play.  A must-play for music lovers."
,Recommended,235800,16059077,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Pyrarr,"I'm glad that they finally released, when i played the first one, i thought it was the coolest thing ever, listening to your own music and playing a game, i mean really games, music, 2 of my favorite things combined in one, who wouldn't want a game like this. I think this a great game and i really hope this review is helpful to users who think they want to buy it or wondering."
,Recommended,235800,24567750,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,oogiemane,trippin balls mayne. great with any drug
76561198036870249,Recommended,235800,24568758,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Camkitsune,"As a way of encouraging active listening to your favorite songs, Audisurf 2 is incredible.  The speed of travel along the track varies based on the selected song's BPM (It's quite good at detecting this as long as you don't try to play something with an awkward time signature), as well as the intensity of the music; at the climax of a song the game gives a sense of raw speed that makes it feel almost like you're racing on an F-Zero track.  Break-beat songs create an interesting stop-and-go progression that both adds additional challenge and is REALLY cool to see in action.  Loops are placed generally appropriately - sometimes they're a little bit off of where I'd think they'd be but they almost always work off of the 'big moments' in the song such as beat drops and choruses.In terms of technical achievement Audisurf is quite impressive.  Unforunately, the game itself is a bit lacking.Levels are quasi-random; while the same number of loops, blocks, and spikes appears every time, the arrangement of the last two is decided randomly.  While this improves replayability of an individual level somewhat, it can also lead to RNGesus deciding to ruin your run by creating long runs of unfavorable arrangements.  Because of how scoring works there's also an irritating tendency for two blocks to be extremely close to one-another, which in more frenetic songs can cause you to drop your grid early and result in your overall score tanking.  This is especially frustrating when it happens in the loops, since if you mess a single one of them up it will substantially lower your overall score.This is only really a problem, though, because most of the popular songs will invariably have a leaderboard full of scores that are all extremely close together; if you want to get a spot you'll have to play any given song several times, often with a couple of restarts, meaning that you have to REALLY like songs you want to do well on.The additional modes are more of a novelty than anything; the Puzzle modes are extremely difficult to play well if you don't stick to slow jams, Ninja mode only compounds the frustrating elements of the game, Wakeboard is gimmicky and doesn't really make a lot of intuitive sense, and Sprint is a straight up joke.In spite of this, the game sports a virtually endless ammount of content, and the Song of the Day is a great excuse to boot the game up to play through a track or two.  It's especially nice that said Daily song also includes a Soundcloud link should you want to grab it later.All in all it's a good purchase if you love music.  Just don't expect a whole lot of depth."
,Not Recommended,235800,24225367,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,stabbyjones,I'm changing my originally positive review to negative.This game doesn't make decent enough tracks compared to the original and i find the randomness it seems to have in track creation really annoying. that was sort of half the fun. The game modes are all interchangeable and the points system doesn't really gel well with me.Translation: i'm 32. this game doesn't jive with me any more.
76561198053718917,Recommended,235800,26392141,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TooManyDewgongs,It's basically legal LSD.
,Recommended,235800,26481428,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Evilass,"This game makes simple upgrades to the original game.Audiosurf 1 vs 2 (Differences)1. The engine in 2 runs so much better. The game has less drastic jumps and lagy sections. Also crashes less.2. 1 by default is a much faster experience and I like that more.3. 2 however is very easy to mod your-self or download mods that other people have made... so you can make it more like the original game.4. 2 is still being updated every so often with nice features.5. 1 has game modes that I enjoy more, but 2 is making an effort to make more unique game modes and also is slowly integrating older ones back in.Overall – if you don’t own either I’d go with 2. If you already own 1 and love it to death then you might find yourself enjoying 1 more than 2. But the game isn’t too expensive and both are worth the money."
76561198013820698,Recommended,235800,7429465,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Firstname,"Most of you probably do remember Audiosurf from 2008, one of the first rhythm games that defined the genre itself. If you played that and enjoyed it, you can not pass up on Audiosurf 2. Replayability, almost blinding colour compositions and this time.. now with actual surfing. Audiosurf 2, in contrast to its old counterpart also allows skins and modding, which means you can play whatever song you want the way you want, given if you have the modding skills of course. Audiosurf 2 won't provide the unique gaming experience like Audiosurf did in 2008, but it is loads of fun as always! (Also the wakeboard mode is quite awesome too)However, there is something that I must criticize. Although the wakeboard mode is awesome, the game doesn't provide something you'd expect from a ""sequel"". What I mean is Audiosurf 2 is good but not great. The game's future seems to be in  the hands of third party modding communities and steam workshop. So in time, it might become much better."
,Recommended,235800,26299822,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KaosuDragon,"Audiosurf 2 continues to build on the success of Audiosurf. It includes full Workshop support for modes (different ways to play), and skins (different looks for the playfield). ""Surf"" your music, as the track goes from slow, to fast in accordance with your songs. A great way to continue the Audiosurf legacy!"
76561198092415174,Recommended,235800,22828571,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dragon_Gamer99,This game=Guitar Hero-the fact it is GUITAR Hero=LOTS OF FUN
,Recommended,235800,20984925,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sgt Elliot,Awesome
,Recommended,235800,26283975,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,gold magikarp best magikarp,Was a great game with soundcloud API. The new YouTube update is buggy and annoying.Still an enjoyable experience with local music files
,Recommended,235800,10272988,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,eb,audio surf 2 is gud gam go get
13278432041270520,Recommended,235800,26224000,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Macs,"Its pretty fun but idk if its worth 15, maybe 10"
,Recommended,235800,27634276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PumpkinPearl,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,235800,27936475,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,moshinsidi19,Online features makes this even better.
,Recommended,235800,27803952,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dioksy,You could say this is a new way to listen to your music.There have been songs that I've played that I wouldn't have listened to otherwise and now I have added them to my standard playlist.The YouTube support makes it even better.
,Recommended,235800,28008981,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DJNUMA,"Audiosurf follows the same formula its predecessor did:1) Take your music,2) Make a roller coaster ride out of it3) Go.and it does this very well, however as a fan of the original audiosurf, what the developers did here was try to add to what made their game a success to begin with.. Sadly it didnt quite work out that way. The glory of the original was that it was so simple, here it just feels like the game has been added to for the sake of adding to it, and it falls flat because of that.Dont get me wrong, this is a great game, and I recommend it over the original simply because of the better set up leaderboard system, and the improvements to that, but if you have to choose between the two, and you couldnt give a dang about leaderboards, go with the original, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,235800,27910171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dorkious,An amazing game to play whenever you feel like taking a break from it all and view the visuals: both stock and mods.
,Recommended,235800,27910386,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ImpracticalMrMacon,This is a great game to play when you need to relax or have fun. There is something for everyone in this game.
,Recommended,235800,27903419,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,baston342,"A casual and thoroughly relaxing game, perfect for those moments when you just feel like listening to music and keeping yourself occupied with something which isn't too hectic."
,Recommended,235800,27443564,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Undefined,"Youtube streaming works normal, but it shows annoying ads when video is playing.Anyway, the game is good and very relaxing."
76561198203125336,Recommended,235800,27481462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Electrokami,Like it a lot
,Recommended,235800,27468156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hungrychip697,Pretty groovy would groove again 8/8 m8
76561197990662706,Recommended,235800,27565875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ARTVT84,let the music roll
76561198086709357,Recommended,235800,27400222,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TIG3R,"Countless hours can be sinked into this game simply to visually experience your favorite music in a variety of ways. Pump up the speed and difficulty for fast songs, or take it down a notch for instrumental music. The selection of skins and continuous ones being added to the steam store alone makes this game almost endlessy replayable. And there's nothing like the feeling of experiencing a new song you just added to your music collection and visualizing it in Audiosurf 2."
,Recommended,235800,24084656,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr. 14,"You can play with your own music, it is sometimes both relaxing and exciting~ Speed according to your song !"
,Recommended,235800,24068295,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shooby,I've been looking for a game that not only engages me in my music but lets me visualize it too and I found it. I absolutely love this game. Get it while its 5 dollars!
,Recommended,235800,24076831,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Matn,Its just.....AMAZINGIf you like music its really good and fun to relax or just have fun.This game offers really a lot of modes and skins to modify your exprience and the game moves with your music!You choose and you can import from your pc and from soundcloud music of your choice.
76561198275594769,Recommended,235800,24069939,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bad dad,Amazing to chill out with. Love the feature that allows you to conect to your Souncloud
,Recommended,235800,24064633,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yung Lean,Did you like the concept of osu but wanted to turn up to Future and Migos instead of anime girls? Well this is the game for you
76561198018400493,Recommended,235800,24063515,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zilosgodi,If you are a music enthusiast you will love this game as you proably have a library full of music with potential to be a really fun game stage. I gound this game to be the most fun with songs that have varying tempos and are dynamically mastered (as punchy mastering will result in more fun tracks).
76561198073440874,Recommended,235800,27283677,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[cwz] Ice Reaper,"I enjoyed it a lot more before the Youtube update.Lost all my scores because of it, so that's a bummer.Still playable, but not what it once was..."
76561198050216951,Recommended,235800,27313606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leshy,"Thanks to this game I could listen to music with attention, unlike when it goes it the background"
,Recommended,235800,27330309,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Andrew,"This game was pretty good when it just had Soundcloud integration, but now that it has YouTube integration it is 10x better. The amount of  available tracks has increased substancially and the availability of music by prominent musical artists, rather than just covers, makes the game even more to fun in groups as everyone knows the songs. Overall, the game has gotten much better since I initially purchased it and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys music."
,Recommended,235800,27869510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fox,"Listening to my music collection is much more fun when playing audiosurf. I must say that the first game lacked absolutlely nothing in terms of gameplay, but this one runs on linux and that's a big plus for me."
,Recommended,235800,27773897,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RIT That Guy,"The absolute best music experience on the market. Put in your own tunes, sit back, wiggle the mouse to the beat, and enjoy. Also the custom skins people put on the workshop are always fun to look at. Definitely a must buy."
,Recommended,235800,27767968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tevoul,Great game for spending 5 minutes (or 4 hours) driving through the obstacle course that is your music library.
,Recommended,235800,27922857,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Obsidian,"Best time sink. I can play this game for hours. It's always fresh because you can use your own music to play, so there's literally hours of  content. The original Audiosurf holds a dear place in my heart but Audiosurf 2 took a great game and made it better."
,Recommended,235800,27923840,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gigert9,"Of all the games that claim to synchronize with the beat of your .mp3s. This is the one that does it right. My goodness, what a marvelously simplistic, yet vibrant game. The sequel to the original is absolutely no disappointment; featuring new game modes as well as new level backgrounds.Five Stars"
,Recommended,235800,28565559,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pooleo,"A recommend for those who love games such as Guitar Hero. Game can get pretty addictive actually since it uses soundcloud to grab the songs. You can even add your own songs by downloading them, and adding them in from the game.GraphicsThe graphics aren't too bad really, you're obviously not looking at the best graphics in the world but it's the gameplay and the ability to use pretty much any song you want to play that bumps up the overall score on this review. Not too much to write about on this one apart from that you can pretty much play this game on anything, including integrated graphics.GameplayYou get a wide variety of different gamemodes to choose, including ones made by the community. You can even change the 'theme', making it dark/light - night/day. Each song you choose syncs up with the gamemode. Different gamemodes means different objectives and what to do e.g the standard default gamemode gives you three separate columns in which you have to fill up a 'bar' per column to achieve the highest overall score possible. A gameplay of this gamemode will be provided with this review to make it easier to understand. If the song has been played by someone else before, you'll find a scoreboard at the top right while you're playing, keeping track on who's doing the best. Of course, their are also national and global leaderboards (including a friends leaderboard), making it more addictive than it already is; you'll find yourself replaying a particular song just to reach the top if you're quite competitive. Not trying to brag or anything, but I got top globally on 'He's A Pirate' once ;) So yea, it is possible. In addition to the leaderboard, after the song finishes it takes you to a page where you can add an additional comment to your score before it gets put up amongst the others that have played.SocialThe social aspect isn't something to write home about but it's simple and it's enough for a game like this. As mentioned previously, you're able to post comments with your score on a song, and because you also have a Friends scoreboard, people who also play the game and is on your friends list will see you on there, and you might end up competing with each other. It's a little strange actually, the game indirectly makes you want competition. At first, you think it's a fun little game, but the more you end up playing it, it makes you realise how much time you've really invested just to get a certain score or makes you think if you've gone above someone since.AudioAudio is great, all songs are high quality unless you've imported bad quality songs from your music library on your computer yourself. Get them from soundcloud for the best quality however don't blame the game if the uploader on soundcloud happens to be deaf ;)TechnicalNo bugs so far, however my review is pretty early given the amount of time I've played. One thing to remember though, I have a GTX 970, i7 4790 with 16GB Ram and before the song starts, there is a slight delay - it freezes for a few seconds. Although this is probably just the song loading just before it begins so you shouldn't be too concerned if you're getting this slight delay too.On a personal note, it'd be nice for the developers to add the option to start the song by pressing the 'Enter' key instead of making you drag the mouse to the bottom to press the Play button. After a while it gets a little annoying, especially when I'm trying to get a perfect score. It's just me being really lazy though to be honest.ValueDefinitely worth buying the full price of £11.00/$13.46, the game is also on sale quite a lot too. It's currently £3.00 as of December, 2016. No DLC, though it isn't really needed.OverallI'd rate this game a 8.3/10, social aspect doesn't really exist on this game, perhaps notifications could be added to notify the player if someone has taken their place on a song. Price is superb for what it is, graphics aren't the best but good. Audio is dependant, but isn't the games fault if you decided to grab a bad quality song from soundcloud or your library. Gameplay - certainly the biggest factor that makes this game what it is. Smooth and crisp, doesn't require a great computer to play, addicting yet fun, competitive aspect is definitely there between friends, or random strangers across the world. Access to more than one gamemode, and great for those who love games such as Guitar Hero or Osu.Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sooMfn7fF4o"
,Recommended,235800,27001720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Japanese Schoolgirl,"Hey, man. If you want to just chill out and ride the AUDIO WAVES then go ahead."
,Recommended,235800,26996381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,L-713ie3LI\!3M(%^B^&I1578e,Love this game to bits. Very well made with steam workshop to fit your theme while playing your music. The one and only game I play for selecting your favourite musics and bumping into the beat.
,Recommended,235800,27017380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RcaMan2,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
,Not Recommended,235800,27020348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wicked warrior robot,"Man I loved Audiosurf and on these sales I was really excited to get AS2, I opened the game and it all looked better and more 2016, maybe too much, it has now (Ive read that its a recent thing) this youtube integration which would be amazing if the game would let you hide the video but no, it stays there im guessing through the whole song, it lags my PC and makes the song unplayable, also if you open the options and then try to close them, they wont close and the song will continue to play, the only way out of this is Alt + F4, Im coming from one of those Alt+F4 to write this and I dont really get how they thought this was a good idea"
,Recommended,235800,27009104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KayosDrive,"Not sure who thought forcing YouTube videos to play would be a good idea, except maybe whoever's behind the text advertisements that now take up half the video you're too concentrated on the game to watch. That said, it doesn't necessarily ruin the game--I hardly notice it at all. I should think if your attention is focused on the corner of your screen you could probably be doing a lot better.Besides, if you're playing off your own music, YouTube integration means nothing at all. And playing Mono under the Dusk skin might be one of the easiest ways to relax I can think of."
,Recommended,235800,26880869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ponimeat,"Online music streaming could use some improvements, but offline surfing still hasn't lost its touch. Great value for the money."
76561198001600790,Recommended,235800,26873181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Triumphruin,Rythm action joy for any audio file you can get.
,Recommended,235800,27060500,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZaCuDa3,Audiosurf 2 = best own Music Game with Mouse
76561198212695067,Recommended,235800,26398503,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hani-Chan,ooowww yyeeeaaaa!!!!
,Recommended,235800,26330664,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dynamic Dragon [FE],"The ultimate music game!Best game to play to get with the music an groove.many colors,formats,challenges."
76561198122620503,Recommended,235800,24425218,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Braamberg,Well they fixed it the game by giving us a prepatched version wich we can select. Now the game is back to being the best and most relaxing game i've ever had the pleasure of playing.
,Not Recommended,235800,26168682,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,harmlesshamster,Where is the mouse option? I am confused.
,Recommended,235800,28735182,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SergeantFTC,"This game has a lot of flaws and quirks, but it is fantastic."
,Recommended,235800,31432549,Posted: 28 April,all,Atolah,"This game is a lot of fun, its great you can play along to your own music via youtube. 10/10"
,Recommended,235800,31415017,Posted: 28 April,all,Dunmore,"Music and gaming at the same time, what more does a human want?"
,Not Recommended,235800,31516520,Posted: 2 May,all,Sajin Raccoon,"It's got a lot of cool features with its new leaderboard, workshop content, and more...but it simply doesn't feel as good as the original game.  ""Notes"" on the tracks feel/sound delayed when playing, and the tracks don't feel as vibrant and alive as they were in the original game.  On top of that, this title doesn't seem to have as much of a playerbase as the original.  It's nice to set the score for a song you like that no one else has played, and some might like having less competition for the high scores.  I do like the changes to the Casual mode in this game, though, like how they increased the note frequency and made the others useful.  No penalization for hitting other ""notes"" is nice, too.  But I dunno; I just have more fun with the original Audiosurf."
,Recommended,235800,31694497,Posted: 11 May,all,Novadog,Great for when you're in that casual mood. Something simple to do while experiencing the most epic parts of your favorite songs.
,Recommended,235800,31877371,Posted: 21 May,all,eXomist,"Great game, great way to listen to music."
,Recommended,235800,31790237,Posted: 16 May,all,TetraMaster,"Best beat based game for the PC other than Fantasia for the XBox One. Lots of neat skins to tweak how the game is visually. Game is simple but challenging depending on the beat, I'll play the same song ten times in a row just to get a perfect or go for the high score. Rather than entire make overs for the skins, allowing ship, coaster, and space to be ""customized"" would be a great change to the game. Some tracks but ships are nice and not and then some points icon are trash and some are pleasant. I also only play Ninja Mono"
,Recommended,235800,31813688,Posted: 17 May,all,YES YES YES,"""2 hours played""who needs a proper perception of time?"
,Recommended,235800,28928730,Posted: 1 January,all,Pingu,"To be a pro at Audiosurf 2 you must get the most points on ""Dragonforce - Through the Fire and Flames"""
,Recommended,235800,32006676,Posted: 27 May,all,Toop,"doesn't actually support 5760x1080 properly, fish died soon after launching game"
,Recommended,235800,31972962,Posted: 26 May,all,BenWhovian,"Ever since the new updates, Its not smooth anymore, The youtube laggs. what happend to sound cloud ???"
,Recommended,235800,24652435,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,帰らない,I  almost got bling OMG~! but it surely interesting to play
,Recommended,235800,32144670,Posted: 2 June,all,Doin,"Such a great stress relief, good to play in the morning to wake the brain up.Can't reccomend this enough!"
,Recommended,235800,28574275,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,Everything that was nice about Audiosurf 1 has received serious upgrades. The track itself and appearance of blocks clearly correspond with musical cues. There are new and fun modes and there's a ton of workshop content which is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,235800,28654660,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Minky Mincey,great as a game to play then another person plays then you play then so on. I don't know why but its addicting af
,Recommended,235800,28654966,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,alens11223 l trade.tf,WOW JUST WOW it like audiosurf BUT NEWER AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,235800,28608099,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kalogrym,LOVE the fact that youtube video plays in the lower corner. Awesome!!
76561198316011815,Recommended,235800,28931247,Posted: 1 January,all,PepsiStrong,"Everyone can drive with the music they like. It can be enjoyed in a short time. For gamers who like music, I recommend this."
,Recommended,235800,28814998,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Invisible Archfiend,"Its really good if your listening to music you love. However, youtube is a little jank and sometimnes its hard for you to look up content. There's also been times where I literally couldn't even use youtube for long periods of time. Overall though its a cool game with lots of way to personalise your experince."
,Not Recommended,235800,29055989,Posted: 6 January,all,[HOH] KnightlyAurora,"Honestly, this game was pretty good stuff when it came out, but I cannot reccomend it anymore due to the fact that Dylan has completely abandoned it, as have most of the original community for the most part, and the new music search engine uses Youtube in place of Soundcloud, which is heavily bugged and plagueing the game with performance issues since the change. Honestly, if you want to play this game, just go back to Audiosurf 1, you'll be better off there as there's more to do and the gameplay isn't as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,235800,29141661,Posted: 9 January,all,XD001,A relaxing game where you can use your own music files and streamed music.
,Recommended,235800,21870948,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bamboo (Redness),"Audiosurf 2...Need I say this is worth picking up? I mean I only play in sessions of 10 minutes... Ok, 10 hours."
,Recommended,235800,28967223,Posted: 2 January,all,Ori | Snow Flame,Really good arcade style game and has a lot of good gamemodes (some easier and other harder) so that everyone can be satisfied.
,Recommended,235800,28974721,Posted: 3 January,all,Ajaxoflegion,"I use this game to relax after university classes and destress during exam period, just hop into some of my favorite toons (and some of the nice one the game has introduced me to such as caravan palace) and play this visually cool game."
76561198054415690,Not Recommended,235800,28979250,Posted: 3 January,all,Larry,Game used to be good.Now I can't play music from my hard drive and songs from youtube are laggy (my net is fast)The window that appears in the down right corner frustrates me.Why u f_ed up this game??
,Recommended,235800,28960906,Posted: 2 January,all,kingdom18,"Far from perfect, but really fun and enjoyable.  My biggest gripe with it is as far as I'm aware you can't really form playlists, especially from Youtube, so you can't keep playing song after song without finding and selecting each one.  Also, there is no ""recent"" section which would help so you don't have to search again for songs that you already played through Youtube.  Though the Youtube functionality is in Beta so hopefully this all improves."
76561198046833828,Recommended,235800,28922952,Posted: 1 January,all,reqv,"Great and unique game. If you love music, its a must buy."
,Recommended,235800,28969733,Posted: 3 January,all,DeadDarkOne | 2033,"This game is verry good, it is one of my favorite gamees.If you are a person that really listens music a lot this is a game for you."
76561198355660898,Recommended,235800,28875115,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LunaLux,A great way to pass time and to build up timing skills. Great for music lovers!
,Recommended,235800,28875928,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Swampy!,10/10 with drugs
,Recommended,235800,28824487,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lil_Style,I love music and i love gaming made simple. Great combination of both! Kudos to the devs.
76561198093935152,Recommended,235800,29022234,Posted: 4 January,all,outboxluke,help to fix it ples):
,Not Recommended,235800,28849288,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Renegade Master,"As a fan of several console music/rhythm games who has 90 gigs of music who does mostly solo gaming, I found Audiosurf 2 to be disappointing for several reasons:-Pregame options: There are so many mode & visualization mods, but you can't pick/download a subset of modes or even color schemes and have the game pick a random one.-Song Navigation UI: The number of most popular or recommended songs are no more than a few dozen each. That's important to me since most of those songs I'm not interested in, and the songs I personally listen to has little to no leaderboards - Global or regional.  Navigating between folders on your own PC isn't pretty, nor can a playlist be built with any sort of shuffle mechanic.  SO many music games have playlist & shuffle features.  Recent Songs list and search feature is nice though, but search does ""exact word"" logic search and not ""contains"" logic.-Youtube integration: Its not pretty to just have the video stuck in the lower right corner of the screen, and for it to have an banner ad or recommended video covering the bottom one-fourth of the video for a good chunk of the song.  I'd rather have only the audio - No wonder some people are so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the Soundcloud integration getting cut!  The color matching of the environment with the video is neat for the ""stadium"" color scheme though.-Sometimes unsatisfying gameplay: This varies by mode, but most puzzles are meh, and most modes don't engage me in wanting to play again aside from trying to beat another leaderboard score.So I would recommend this game to someone who all of this applies to: Listeners of popular music, wants two player split screen, is good with simple puzzles.If the devs fix 3 of these issues above in the current or a new release of the game, then I'd likely recommend it to a wider audience."
,Not Recommended,235800,29155729,Posted: 9 January,all,GamerGamer15,"Used to be an amazing game, then youtube arrived... BRING BACK SOUNDCLOUD!"
76561198042093641,Not Recommended,235800,29106420,Posted: 7 January,all,Shidank,This game cannot be played with the Steam Link. All text is too small to read at any resolution. There is no setting to change this. I requested a full refund once I discovered the one use I had for this game was not viable.
,Recommended,235800,29256573,Posted: 14 January,all,Luminolalive,I enjoyed this game
,Recommended,235800,27905768,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ardi La vergüenza,"Amazing game,"
,Recommended,235800,30010607,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr. Zero,The mono algorithm is balonga and I love it
,Recommended,235800,29998366,Posted: 17 February,all,instvntgaming,"This is a good rhythm game for people who enjoy or even produce music in any form. It's an amazing feeling playing your favorite song, or even your own song in a game. I grew up playing Guitar Hero and DJ Hero, so rhythm games have a special place in my heart. If you enjoy rhythm games, give this game a try."
,Recommended,235800,29609268,Posted: 31 January,all,cipher_,"This game is a great attempt at reaching perfection in mixing sound and light effects, and believe me: it's satisfying as f*ck.What's more, it runs great with my Athlon X2 and Radeon HD2600XT on medium, so that's a plus.My only complaint is the price. I just think it's not worth its current price.Besides that, its only pros for me. If you catch this on sale, by all means, get it: is't worth your while!"
76561198047991712,Not Recommended,235800,19907789,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sacul,"Leaderboard is exclusive to each game mode combination, so I'm always alone when playing double vision."
,Recommended,235800,29169396,Posted: 10 January,all,WarpScanner,A step forward for the series. Worth getting.
76561198190358178,Recommended,235800,29329137,Posted: 17 January,all,waddle bop,"You See, this game has Alabama♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ What else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,235800,24337396,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,lamlamlam93,"surfing with your favorite songs is very intimidating , for somebody the game is addictive, well not for me:)at first it was so hard because i used keyborad and the default skin)it feels like another game when you swing your wrist with your mouse and change into dusty mode ( that road and moving car one) (it would be muuuuuuch easier)I guess it is for someone who wants to do something during a 5-10 minutes break.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,235800,24380347,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Amber,"I expected a Sequel would improve the first game, fix some problems and maybe add something more. Welp, I found nothing here. The menu is confusing as ♥♥♥♥ in comparison and the Mono and Ninja mode, both modes I mainly play in Audiosurf, don´t have the speed from the first game. It´s just plain boring, really.There is some new stuff of course but really, I couldn´t be arsed to dig through the menus, just to be disappointed."
76561198164874142,Recommended,235800,24384509,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Memory Head,"Highly addictive.  Offers a unique experience for each player! and yes, you really can use your music"
,Recommended,235800,24384560,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vivisector,"Its Audiosurf with better graphics, mod support, additional game modes, and soundcloud support. For me it was totally worth the upgrade."
76561198334573514,Recommended,235800,29196787,Posted: 11 January,all,DaDolfin26,"This is a really cool game that is good for having fun while listening to your favorite music. Also really fun playing with your friends to try and get the best score! I rate it 9/10 overall and definitely think it is worth the buy! I rated it 9 out of 10 because is occasionally won't load the music, but restarting works so it is not that big of a deal."
76561198139348326,Recommended,235800,29617678,Posted: 31 January,all,Thelionsden999,"The first score represents gameplay , art/style , devs , and innovation. The second represents how much I relished playing it.5/10                                      3/5"
76561198137738218,Recommended,235800,29734414,Posted: 5 February,all,atkidw,"Audiosurf 2 is a great pastime, i think it might be the best purchase I've made to add to my steam library."
,Recommended,235800,29856873,Posted: 11 February,all,Yoloswagbae,Great.
,Not Recommended,235800,22237606,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SirTerning,"EDIT: After the update which removed Soundcloud and added in Youtube instead so has this game become totally unplayable for me, songs stopping at random troughout. Even worse UI now, less songs showing up and Popular list has been drastically redused... Top this of with a developer who is slow to update and well... Steer clear from this game for now.Look I totally get the reason as to why Soundcloud was removed but come on, fix the damn youtube function and give the UI some much needed tlc...---- Old positiv review ----I love Audisurf 1 and played it alot back in the days, but with time so did I delete my local music collection and went 100% over to streaming my music from programs/sites like Spotify or Soundcloud. Therefor I had no real way of playing my music anymore which was a shame. Fast forward to the day Audiosurf 2 came out off Early Acess (Note: I didn't even know it was a thing until then), I was browsing for games and this came up in my recommended list, I checked it out and saw that it had Soundcloud implemented. I was all over it and bought it just trough reading that sentence.Now I've rounded out 80 hours of gametime and I can honestly say that I love the changes and new features that has been included. Updated graphics, different skins, many modes, workshop is implemented so many user mods excist. But the best thing for me must be the Soundcloud implemention as it allows me to play most of the music I listen to, without having to have it stored on my hdd.However there is one thing that bugs me about AS2, and that is the UI. It just feels restricted and buggy. If you search for a song there is only 20 songs which will show up and that is it, only 20 songs for each search term, no pages with more or possible to scroll down for more songs. The soundcloud log in feature is also badly implemented or atleast bugged to hell. I am hopefull that Dylan will give that some work in the near future since the game is all in all a great package.---- -----"
76561198332965210,Recommended,235800,29683060,Posted: 3 February,all,minerva,10/10  my favorite rhythm riding game
,Recommended,235800,29676334,Posted: 3 February,all,Dōmezuki,"BEST GAME EVER!! I'm loving this game so much, it's very addicting and entertaining!"
,Recommended,235800,17540947,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dunstaren,5/5
,Not Recommended,235800,26289640,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,chewbacca-pl,"Awesome game! Unfurtunately the game doesnt work with Soundcloud anymore. I liked the game more a few updates ago.I dont like the youtube streaming way. You can't even hide the video in the corner.As of now the youtube video appears in the bottom middle now instead of bottom right, which is annoying. On top of that every time when is start a youtube song, the video starts playing before you'reon the track. It syncs then but the first 5 seconds will be always ruined.Another issue: There is now some tiny lag between the moment when you hit a block with your ship and the sound of it hitting. The sound of hitting a block simply lags a bit behind the beat of a song. This only affects local stored songs (be it .mp3 or .flac)However, this issue wasn't there form the beginning of the game until recently. Probably difficult to notice for most, but easy for me, especiallty after 500+ hours in this game. And yes i reinstalled the game and all my drivers are up-to-date.Strangely enough, when i select the Before_videosurf 'beta' and launch the game, the above problema are gone. however, it has no youtube support because that version of the game is old.Also, when i browse to my music folder all the covers load from the beginning every time, like there is no cache. This wasn't a problem in the past.I will recommend this game if the problem(s) will be fixed.EDIT:updated review"
,Recommended,235800,31937937,Posted: 24 May,all,Above | Aluna,This game is amazing! Just listen to your own music and play this game! Very fun to play with songrequest on a livestream! The first time I played it I just fell in love with this game! An absolute masterpiece and it somehow reminds me a bit of the good old Guitar hero time!Pros:+ Guitar hero nostalgic sort of feeling+ All the music is playable+ So many Workshop mods+ Beautiful Visualisation+ Fun to play on stream with some song requestsCons:- I actually can't find any9.5/10 Amazing game. I love it! Just buy it and play it and get addicted to it hahaha!
,Recommended,235800,28237734,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GracenoteGames,Great game overall. Very addicting!
,Recommended,235800,23429312,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,LILSharkZilla,"Out of the two Audiosurf games, Audiosurf 2 is the definitive version.-Workshop support-Better graphics-Better engine-Better gameplay/points systemIf you liked the first Audiosurf, then you'll like this one. If you've never played Audiosurf before, still get this one."
76561198153380235,Recommended,235800,33574840,Posted: 15 July,all,Chip Skylark,I can play any song. 8.5/10
76561198065608971,Not Recommended,235800,33327206,Posted: 6 July,all,Flugornas Herre,"I had good expectations for this game, but it disappointed me anyway+New modes+Workshop support+I like the new design+New powerup(s)+Fair matchups (you wont be competing against Vegas as a different character anymore)+Cool new visual effectsHowever-Complete RNG. More often than not your luck is what decides whether you take the first place or not, your skill plays a much, MUCH lesser role now.-It takes way longer to pick up blocks now. In Audiosurf 1 a single tap was enough, however in Audiosurf 2 I feel like i need to keep contact with a block for a whole second until I can finally pick it up.(May be just me, but I doubt it)-No difficulty selection-The game sometimes feels too fast/throws too much sh!t at you at once.-Way less people playing-Sometimes feels like unicorn vomit. Strains your eyes with too many colors-The player is broken, you can only rely on the tracks directly on your PCIn conclusion, I have to say that you can still enjoy this game if you like to casually play along with your music, however if you are a completionist like me or have gotten too used to how Audiosurf 1 controls feel, you should not get this game and stick to Audiosurf 1."
76561198026120042,Recommended,235800,33595070,Posted: 16 July,all,Noir de Sheep,My go-to game when I'm high.
76561198052254830,Recommended,235800,33566670,Posted: 15 July,all,fausimo,"I have both audiosurfs, this one has better graphics and modability but i find the first one much better just because it has next song button. Also the menus are a bit more clean in the first one.If they add that button or even a continuous play mode that would make audiosurf 2 better than the first one in every way."
,Recommended,235800,33214878,Posted: 3 July,all,NAND.io,"Plug in your music or grab some off YouTube and surf away.  Probably my ""desert island video game,"" as long as I can have my digital music collection to go with it."
,Recommended,235800,33204242,Posted: 3 July,all,TheHiddenRavioli,Super nice game to sick back and chill to. You also get to listen and ride your own music with different modes and effects and nothing can beat that. 10/10
76561198156305696,Recommended,235800,33192418,Posted: 3 July,all,Goodenough,"Sympa mais très vite lassant... Après,il peut être intéressant et amusant de tant en temps mais à petit prix."
,Recommended,235800,26152403,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,kt,"It's a pretty fun take on the fast paced note hitting styles of games. However, while the game is still playable and fairly fun I feel that the game felt much more polished and complete when they were still using the soundcloud api instead of getting music off youtube."
76561198085888959,Recommended,235800,33252775,Posted: 4 July,all,Lemniscate,"Fun game for just sitting around and playing, and a nice way to add your favorite music to a game. Only drawback is it does get a bit boring after playing it for an hour or so at a time."
76561198057643066,Recommended,235800,33252195,Posted: 4 July,all,Sev,Great second game! The Youtube integration is very good!
76561198033353115,Recommended,235800,33288294,Posted: 5 July,all,Korb-on-the-Cob,"This game is a really cool way to listen to music, it turns the beats, rhythyms, lryics, etc., every aspect of a song into virtual highway where you are dodging blocks and colleting colored blocks to acquire the most points.  The faster the song, the harder it becomes to maneuver around obstacles.  This is a fun game every once in a while, but it gets really repetitive.  I highly reccomend this game to music junkies such as myself.  The most fun songs to play are songs with good beats and drops, so rap/hip hop, dubstep, techno, rock, etc."
,Recommended,235800,33304331,Posted: 6 July,all,Chilroy,"A nice improvement upon the original, it has better menus, new gamemodes, workshop support and cool skins. However, the local multiplayer mode isn't quite as good as the original, and the game is bad at recognizing which song you're listening to and won't display leaderboards unless the filename and everything is perfect."
,Recommended,235800,33282921,Posted: 5 July,all,BLINKeu,"youtube search feature 's the only reason I bought thisnow i can play a game and streaming kpop mv at the same time48,870,488/10 .. ‘I LUV IT’"
,Recommended,235800,33321802,Posted: 6 July,all,Führer Aeri,This game has served to soothe and mellow me out in quite stressfull situations.Just make sure to have some of your own music.
,Recommended,235800,33323809,Posted: 6 July,all,₪TBC₪ 🐍 Admega,"If music it's your thing, then this game it's for you.Audiosurf 2 it's truly the best sequel to the original flash game ""Audiosurf"" or ""Audiosurf 1"" and one among the best rhythm-based games. Why? because unlike most of rhythm-based games that locks you on developer interaction to get the most of each level and new levels, Audiosurf 2 let you, the player, all the freedom to use any song of any platform and format avaliable, and the level will generate itself using a complex mathematical algorithm meaning that every song, every sound, every instrument and every word will have a place inside a level, inside your game, there are no limits on what you can put inside, everything depends on your personal preferences.There are infinite ways to play this game, combining the active modding community and the crecent numbers of songs avaliable each day and you'll get one of the most dynamic and fun game avaliable today. If a game mode it's too complicated for you, just switch it for another of the thousands avaliable, if flying a spaceship isn't for you, you can always try a bullet-hell without leaving the game, if the level coloring it's too boring, you can add flashy stuff and epilepsy-inducing tunnels to spice on your gameplay, the choose resides on you.Audiosurf 2 has truly demostrated it's potential on entertainment, and I look forward to the arrival of Audiosurf 3 with my wallet well preppared."
,Recommended,235800,33362758,Posted: 7 July,all,Kento,Buy this game if you don't know what to play and just want to relax and enjoy the music.
,Recommended,235800,28315407,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KioTheBat,"This is a pretty fun game that I'm glad I got. I originally saw a video if the game from a YouTube channel known as DashieXP, thats when I decided to get it. The game is fun if you have a lot of music on your computer or you don't mind using YouTube to find your favorite songs. I am a bit disapointed that they don't use Soundcloud anymore for the music as I think it worked a little bit better, but besides that I think its a fun game if you wanna listen to music and want to play a simple game."
76561198269479034,Recommended,235800,33458082,Posted: 11 July,all,LordNigNog,fun to play if your music isn't country because rock dubstep and rap seem to make the most interesting levels
,Recommended,235800,33531216,Posted: 14 July,all,ChromePoison,"Audiosurf 2 is a pretty neat game in which you ""surf"" the waves of music. It's pretty addicting and worth trying out if that sounds like something that would interest you."
,Recommended,235800,33979684,Posted: 2 August,all,master_mjeed,play your music in competitive
76561198012819852,Recommended,235800,33978782,Posted: 2 August,all,maddogpc,"Isn't it great when people leave negative reviews for games they spent 20+ hours on? I mean, somebody said the loading times were long, but sheesh.If you liked AS1, you should similarly like AS2. It fixes a lot of problems that the original game had, improved the graphics, and added modding features and score tracking. Audiosurf was a one of a kind idea that changed the way I think of games. It's a game that is more like an experience than a game. Audiosurf2 improves upon it, so you better believe I'm gonna play it until there is an audiosurf3."
76561198363221240,Recommended,235800,34138993,Posted: 9 August,all,Vel Rust,This was my first game on steam. Its still one of my favorites. Im going to be playing this forever.
,Recommended,235800,34167651,Posted: 11 August,all,me,I've played this game for more hours than half of my Steam library combined. Simple but intensive fun and a great way to rediscover your favourite music in an entirely new way.
,Recommended,235800,34270965,Posted: 16 August,all,Carlos,I love how you can use any music you'd like through YouTube! Definitely a fun game that kills lots of time while being able to play it to your favorite music!
,Recommended,235800,34312279,Posted: 17 August,all,Nordell,"Great game! I bought it on steam summer sale for 2.99€ if I'm correct and I would not pay the full price for it but would highly recommend buying it on a steam sale! A feature to sync your spotify list to the game would be awesome, I'd rate it 7/10"
,Recommended,235800,34579110,Posted: 29 August,all,Kristian,Haven't played too much of this one yet but I'm having quite a bit of fun with it. Played the first one in short bursts over the years and both of the games are very good timewasters and can be relaxing I guess (though I myself only really play lively music). Nice visuals and lots of cool skins modes etc. included with the base game to make it hold our attention a little longer than the first one. Good fun but a bit pricey.
,Recommended,235800,34377587,Posted: 20 August,all,T᷇h̳e̻Pͣi͂c̅h̞,"My favourite ""i have to kill time for an hour"" game, also pretty much infinite replayability."
76561198073310133,Recommended,235800,34394189,Posted: 21 August,all,nikavladik,"everything is good but bring back the random songs optioni have so much songs on my hard drive i can't even choose what song should i playnow that the random songs option is removed FOR NO REASON i have to choose a song everytime, which is really time-wasting, and that annoys methe older versions were better"
76561197998011665,Recommended,235800,34827654,Posted: 8 September,all,miami_2017,"Pros: Exciting tracks, great mods, and a new way to enjoy your music. Mouse mode is much smoother over AS1. Display is a lot more varied and interesting over AS1.Cons: The leaderboards are useless, as they seem to track versions of the game not available in play any more, or are combining modes, or AS2 is not generating tracks consistently over plays. I'm betting one of the first two, because while the tracks are subtly different over two plays, the overall layout and score is similar. So don't get hung up if you're not the top of the chart, someone might have had an older play style that you don't have access to."
,Recommended,235800,35069200,Posted: 19 September,all,Trafalgar Law,I love it.
,Recommended,235800,26150137,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Damon,Ba-da-ba-da-ba-be bop bop bodda bopeBop ba bodda bopeBe bop ba bodda bopeBop ba boddaBa-da-ba-da-ba-be bop ba bodda bopeBop ba bodda bopeBe bop ba bodda bopeBop ba bodda bopeSki-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub
,Recommended,235800,35517760,Posted: 6 October,all,i am in ur activity feed,music simulator
