user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,236090,15622012,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tom,"This is a game that I had been meaning to play for a while now. The visuals in the screenshots look absolutely stunning. Dust has been out since early 2013 and it has that real polished feeling of a fantastic game.  Essentially this is a hack and slash, RPG, side scroller. The combat system is basic, but does exactly what you need it to do. All of the attacks look and feel satisfying, as well as the parry system which normally is something that gets overlooked in a lot of games like this.The musical score behind Dust is somewhat of a masterpiece too. I am surprised they haven’t released just the sound track as it is beautifully crafted.  The level design on offer here is interesting too. Each ""zone"" is split into separate areas, which can be a little daunting at first because they are all huge. One gripe I did find is that the map in game isn't very clear and can sometimes cause confusion as to where you actually are on it.As I said above, the combat system is basic, so this means you can master it very easily. There are a few combos to learn as you progress, as well as a welcome addition of a crafting mechanic. I also liked the feature where if you sold something to a shop, they would then stock this in the future so you can buy multiple copies of it; this is really helpful when you are trying to craft your armour and weapons.This took me roughly twenty hours to complete everything on offer, main story line, challenges and side quests. The game did feel slightly repetitive towards the end of the last chapter however.I would really recommend you pick up Dust: An Elysian Tail, you can more often than not find it on sale, but I would still recommend this at full price.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/"
,Recommended,236090,7740980,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kevaan,"Beautiful action RPG - interesting combat style, great writing and storyline, and lots of terrific side quests and puzzles. Beautiful artwork, scenery and music. Combat can get a little bit repetitive, but I'm a big level grinder, so that may be why. Can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,236090,32583585,Posted: 19 June,all,King Charles The Thicc,"Dust: An Elysian Tale is one of my favorite indie games of all time. You can truly tell that the single man responsible for this title really poured his heart and soul into this game and it shows. While there are a few design choices that I may not like, this game is still an awesome experience and I completely recommend you try this one out.Story: The game begins with a character who has only just woken up by himself with no memories of his past, who he is, or how he got there. After being joined by a sentient sword and its guardian, he is tasked with traversing the land to discover the dark secrets of his past and come to terms with the actions of his previous persona all the while preventing the complete annihilation of a people. This is accompanied by dozens of sidequests which will provide you with substantial rewards should you complete them.Overall Score for Story: 8/10Characters: The characters in this game are pretty good though their archetypes are nothing unique. The protagonist, his sidekick, his sister, and the antagonist all develop in meaningful and compelling ways. They themselves are very memorable and are voice acted very well. While there are a few cheese moments with either the script or the voice acting, it doesn't ruin the game in the least.Overall Score for Characters: 9/10Gameplay: The gameplay in this game is interesting. You can take it slower and hold back using ranged attacks and defensive moves, or you can play it extremely fast paced, weaving around the field slashing back and forth while never being stationary. The various combos in this game are short in number but it's not a deal breaker in any way. The combos are fun to stack up and you'll receive bonus experience the higher you can make it before taking damage. The difficulties are very diverse with the easiest being basically a baby mode and the hardest being a one-hit-kill-by-standard-enemy nightmare. The boss fights however, are extremely easy. The leveling system is uninspired but not that big of a deal. Equipping your character starts off pretty standard but soon becomes pretty fun as you begin to search for materials to build new armor and trinkets.Overall Score for Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: The graphics are absolutely beautiful. The world is extremely saturated with color and detail as are the characters. There are some nice particle and light effects at work too, that are especially noticeable during combat. The only graphical low point is the low res characters that appear during conversations. Overall the game looks beautiful and it is easy, even for a toaster, to achieve a buttery 60FPS.Overall Score for Graphics: 9/10Soundtrack: The soundtrack in this game is absolutely beautiful. Each area of the world has its own theme and there is some pretty intense boss music as well. It really gives to the mood of each chapter of the story and to each region of the world.Overall Score for Soundtrack: 10/10Sound: The sound effects in this game are pretty good. They make the battles all the more satisfying and the combos all the more intense. There are some decent movement and interface sound effects as well.Overall Score for Sound: 8/10This is seriously a good game folks. Its very easy to run and looks beautiful so there's no excuse from a hardware standpoint to not get the game. While many of its elements aren't original, they are blended well together and create an overall great experience. Unfortunately, this game appears to have a lot of potential that will never be achieved (such as player choice which was teased) but it is still an amazing game.Overall Score for Game: 8.4/10If you have any questions about the game, comment on this review."
,Recommended,236090,14429580,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ford,It's sorta like what would happen if Disney and Konami got together and had a baby.  And then they divorced and Konami got custody.
,Recommended,236090,32714314,Posted: 23 June,all,B.K. Randy,"I avoided this game for like two years because I was certain it was going to be cringeworthy furrybait.I regret doing so, because it turns out it's actually very high-quality furrybait, along with being a fine example of an action platformer."
76561198107071933,Recommended,236090,10676015,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Papersharps,"Dust: The Best Tail I've chased and played with in a whileThis is the story ofDust, a person with extraordinary capabilities. When I first met Dust, I did not think much of him.He felt generic, not showing his face, having amnesia and struggling to find out where he came from. I did not connect much with the furry man, as such a story is hardly original.Fortunately, his gameplay did connect with me from the start. He hacked and slashed like a true soldier, finding keys, treasures, abilities, upgrades and many more fine, fun things in true MetroidVania fashion. One could even find a small funny easter egg related to the horrible CastleVania II when you look hard enough(You'll chuckle when you find it). With such gameplay and 2D graphics, one might ask if such a game has still the right to exist amongst contemporary gamers. The answer is a loud and clear YES.From Whence it CameAs I travelled through the world of Falana, I was amazed how much I did start to connect with Dust now. The man was truly regretful of his past and sought to redeem himself through every possible noble deed he could manage. My little companion Fidget started to grow on me too. Being a flying whatever-the-♥♥♥♥-its-name-is with a high-pitched voice and a knack for being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and knowing everything better, the little critter soon turned into a lifelong friend of mine.And of course there was Ahra, the mystical and mysterious (Wow, never thought to use 2 words in the same sentence starting with 'my') sword. What was his purpose? What was our purpose with him? What did he know about us and what did he keep silent from us? The plot started to deepen, becoming ever more emotional from chapter to chapter.The journey felt like a personal growth, a new sense of understanding the world.Rising PhoenixHacking and slashing through hordes of enemies is fun, but not necessarily very hard. Granted, I finished the game on normal, but even on normal I did not die many times. Fortunately, there are two extra difficulty levels (tough + hardcore), which can be set from the very first playthrough.As mentioned, Dust can be upgraded and level up, giving you the option to invest more in Dust's defense, attack or Fidget (the flying critter has interesting powers). Items can be crafted from materials that you gather from fallen enemies, such as pendants, rings, armor and augments. The only downside to the crafting is that you do not actually see Dust wearing the item. Also old school I guess.If grinding to get all the materials you need isn't your thing, there is a nice mechanic with a travelling salesman that follows you throughout your travels. Sell him one piece of a particular material he doesn't have and he'll ""catalogue"" it. After that, he will update his stock over time and provide you with the materials you once sold him....And the Dust SettlesAfter clearing the final area and defeating the final boss, I realized something. I actually cried at the ending of this visually stunning video game. Being created by just a SINGLE person (aside from the story and music), this game is something very, very special. For little money you get at least 10 hours of gameplay, make that 20 hours if you're a completionist like me.The gameplay is solid, the controls are fine and the story and progression are perfect.This is an indie game which could easily be viewed as a triple AAA title.Gameplay: 7.5/10Story: 9/10Controls: 8/10Graphics: 9/10My final, personal score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,18509425,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"New review because my old one didn't do it justice:I haven't been playing it for long, but my mind often drifts to it. It's one of the few games in recent years I almost played through twice (my Steam library grows almost daily, so that kinda means something) and which I have very fond memories of.It's a very special title because it was designed with much love and confidence and shows so in a variety of ways. If I had to name a game that not only looked like a charm but worked and felt just the same it would be Dust: An Elysian Tail. It was backed up by Microsoft as an original XBox Live Arcade game and took almost four years to make but was created mostly by just one guy.Dust: AET is a Metroidvania action platformer (meaning you discover new powers along the way and do some backtracking with them) with a clean interface, gorgeous art, fantastic music, nice story, adorable characters, great voice acting, solid combat, rudimentary leveling/gear/crafting/shopping mechanics and platforming of mild/average difficulty.Despite what some other reviewers/players/press people say: I love the voice acting. It's warm and colorful and fits the equally colorful style of the game (which does not mean it's an immature game; although some young deers running past me gave me some Disney vibes and some overarching topics include classic ""teenage""-ishy things like the protagonist and his sidekick growing with their responsibilty along the journey there sure are some darker moods and themes too like war and genocide). Some people don't like the VA or certain characters but I think they are being unfair or misunderstand something. I think the VA is nailing it down and just like it was meant to be. it's cute and sweet and just nice, with much heart and soul that could be credited to a set of relatively new/inexperienced but maybe even more so passionate VAs. This is one of the few games where I had urges to look up contact data of the voice actors only so I could thank them for their efforts. I think I know bad voice acting when I see it and Dust: AET has none of that.The music is fantastic. Again, in this game specifically, I noticed a behavior I don't see too often, least not that I would've been aware of it in other games as much: Some levels I loved to roam a couple of more times, or stay in them for a bit longer than I really had to, so I could keep listening to the powerful tracks running along some more. The always very beautiful art even in the somewhat ""gloomy"" levels added to it and made the game, with all the other things it has to offer, a constantly enjoyable and remarkably well-rounded experience from start to end.The story is kinda interesting and ends fairly conclusive. Some questions remain unanswered though. Apparently there was more planned to it, what turned out to be game was originally meant to be an animated film called ""Elysian Tail"" and you can tell by some lore ideas that are sometimes brought up but not elaborated too much. Like what exactly the talking sword you're wielding is (there were meant to be seven of those, it seems, but the game never brings that up) or how your funny and adorable sidekick ""Fidget"" came to be a ""Guardian"" of that sword in the first place.So, I'd love to see a sequel sometime in the future when the creator feels for it (well, all who appreciate this game as the gem it is seem to do). And maybe a Fidget plushie.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbboCU9Gy8Ahttps://youtu.be/5MdtgOTl60oOld review:Fluid and fun combat, beautiful art, great colorful voice acting, well-enough outlined and varied characters and some pretty fantastic music. A very well executed action title. The story holds some interesting points but the overall scheme has been seen before (mysterious hero with no memories of his past helping some rebel faction fighting some evil force). The combat, crafting and leveling seems a bit underdeveloped (only few combos, button smashing was often proving to be enough on ""normal"") but that didn't really hinder my fun with it. Probably best played on ""hardcore"" or ""tough"" difficulty - ""normal"" felt easy too me except for some boss battles."
,Recommended,236090,23476994,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Catchinggates,"Buy the Game.Play the Game.Regret finishing the Game.Replay it again for nostaligic feels and tears.Many tears.Overall, this game is everything you can want in a game. It's engaging. It has a certain level of difficulty that you eventually will overcome with practice. And the side characters are so engaging and unique, that you almost believe they are your everyday folk that you seen in real life. Dust and Fidget, the main characters, have a funny and unique relationship. You'll look forward to all the anime cut scenes within the game because they always almost make you laugh.Now what are you doing? Buy the game! Play it! And lose yourself in this wonderfully drawn, gaming world!"
,Recommended,236090,12590053,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Vaagur,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an awesome action platformer! The story in this game is just fantastic... I felt excitement, compassion... and I even dropped a tear! (As far as I know, only 1 other game made me cry). The feelings are really strong in this game. There's way more to the game then just the story though! The platforming is good and the combat is fine. The art is simply amazing and the music is extremely good also!I can't believe i've stopped playing about 1 hour in when I bought this game back in 2013. I came back to it just a few days ago and I had to play it until the end when I really got into the story. I've finished the game way past bedtime...I actually really like the item system and character stats. You have to put your skill gems where you want your strength to be and it affects how you will play the game. I love finding new materials and crafting items too, it's quite simple, but well done. The metroid-style layout of the map is very enjoyable and the numerous save points makes the game a non-frustating experience.Honestly, apart for some aspects of the combat (such as no food cooldown and clunky movement during melee strikes) and the game only taking 13 hours to 100%, this game is perfect. I would recommend anyone to purchase this game if you want a good story and an amazing game in general!"
76561198002699393,Recommended,236090,12735102,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Latinnus,"Dust: An Elysian Tail...To be honest, I only bought the game due to the viusals on the previews. Those alone seemed to be amazing and played a decisive factor. At first, given all the reviews, I was a bit sceptycal. I was afraid that it would be an over hyped game by the community and in the end it would something bland. Fortunately, it wasnt the case.So the big plus on Dust:+ amazing visuals (except cut scenes - those appear to be from early free flash games)+ cool combat system. Amazingly fluid!+ cool soundtrack+ interesting level construction+ Easy to play and to master+ gameplay length just rightThe bad:- Story is rather generic (it has a couple of twists, but nothing unseen before or trully unpredictable)- may become repetitive at times- can´t seem to skip some cut-scenes.- perhaps a ""nightmare"" mode should be consideredI think those minus can even be neglected / forgotten given the quality of the game. I can imagine myself playing it over again in a couple of years time.I had fun playing this game. I took my time to make my character quite strong (I think I was level 50  - 52 when I finished the game. I had a lot of fun in some levels, and loved the final boss battle. I have finished the game, recovered my last save, gained a couple of levels only to play the final boss battle again.I thought that the game could be a bit more difficult. Appart from a couple of situations that were actually tricky, you can almost go through the whole game without actually feeling that you are in an eminent risk of dying. However, this is a dream game at every level for a younger audiance.My recommendation - get the game and play it. You will often find it on steam sales w 75% discount (I have seen it like that 3 or 4 times until decided that I should buy it), but after playing it, I feel that the full price would be a fair deal.Hope the analysis was useful for all the undecided.Cheers,Latinnus"
,Recommended,236090,7515170,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Meatbug,"You're Dust, a mysterious being without memories of his past. While you fight your way through monsters, you'll eventually discover what you are, where you came from and where your path will lead you.""Dust - An Elysian Tail"" is best described as an action-rpg-platformer i guess.You'll jump and fight your way through hordes of monsters with your sword throughout multiple levels, gain new abilities while you progress and level yourself up while finding/and or crafting (which is kept very simple) new gear to make you even stronger.The graphics are beautifully drawn and very colourful. The 2 main characters, Dust and Fidget, his sidekick, are pretty memorable and their dialogues have some decent humor in it.I really enjoyed it and would recommend you'd give it a try, if you like this sort of genre."
,Recommended,236090,8374873,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Darts,10/10 I loved this.
,Recommended,236090,21348879,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Karma,"I admit I got this game while it was on sale but wish I bought it for full price. Don't judge it as a ""furry"" fandom type game all because the world has anthro animals in it. The game is just the same and care taken into it as any game with human characters.- Beautiful worldThe environments and backgrounds are stunning and lovely, giving each area a breath of fresh air. I had fun going back to other maps just to learn of secret rooms.- Great Combo SystemThe combo system is spot on in my opinion, specially for keyboard users with minimun controls so anyone can pick it up and try all of the combos without having to master the game. Not many games like this are spot on for keyboard users but this one is for sure.I had so much fun comboing the enemies and it never felt like a chore, you really feel the damage you are doing in every swing of your sword.- No Material GrindingThe shop system is a  lovely touch, trade in a material you found and the shop will restock it over time, helping to lower the need to grind for materials so you can focus on the story.- Beautiful StoryI was shocked and crying when I found out who Dust was, for ages I was curious from others reviews thinking it couldn't be any different then most cliche games have but I am so happy I was wrong. You really feel sorry for the characters including a few NPC's who you do quests for.One of the more original plot-twists to a story I have seen in a while, specially for a video game.- Funny CharactersThis game is full of sad and funny characters all standing out from one another. I don't think I need to mention how Sassy Fidget can be while also being adorable. Some NPC's also have some lively comments to add into the humor of the game and make them appear more lively and not just there to be mere NPC's.I really would recommend this to anyone, not just those who are into the Hack & Slash genre of games. It is really fun and well worth buying."
76561198030080447,Recommended,236090,11924638,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PrinzEugen,"Gorgeous gem of a gameJust to get straight into this: I fell completely for the unique charms of this game. During summer 2014 I've played a lot ofDust: An Elysian Tail, and I enjoyed every single minute of i. It's basically a 2D sidescroller hack and slash game, with some lightweight RPG elements. You play as Dust, a strange character who doesn't know where he is, who he is or what he has to do. There a two friends on your journey: a magical sword, and one of the most cute characters EVER in a game: Fidget, who has to look after the sword. It took me only minutes to fall in love with Fidget, especially thanks to the exceptional voice-acting. The story may look bland at first sight, but actually is very good and cleverly conceived: there is one main storyline throughout the game which unfolds in an often unexpected but still easy-to-follow way.As far as the actual gameplay is concerned,Dustmainly focuses on swift attacting combo's (which are ideally suited for an Xbox 360 gamepad, the game actually being an Xbox-port) and some jumping and puzzle-solving action. None of these are really difficult, but there are some hidden places which need skill to be found, and six arena's that offer a good challenge to anyone. Combat combo's are limited, and once one gets up to strength by levelling up, things get a bit too easy. During the last third or so of the game, I felt like incincible strong, almost invincible, only to realise at the very end I needed all my strenght for the final boss fight. I strongly suggest playing the game on the ""hard"" difficulty setting - it will be difficult during the first hour or so, but then the extra challenge really pays of.Visually,Dustis stunning. The combines a gorgeous 2D sidescrolling scenery with a handpainted look with very distinctive figures of all characters, used during the dialogues. Some of these are so cute that I'd like to have them printed out and hung above my bedside. The visual style gives the game an unique artistic look: it feels like having a soul of its own, just like a good comics book or a series of drawings. Soundwise,Dustis a blast as well, with very well suited music, and absolutely fantastic sound-effects, not to mention the exceptional voice-acting.All in all, this is a gem of a game, a non-pretentious masterwork with a touch very much of its own. I can't think of any other game using the same visual style, nor the adorable cuteness of Fidget.Overall score: 8.5/10Go and get it, and enjoy it to the full."
,Recommended,236090,32463635,Posted: 15 June,all,Captin_Blackfire³,"An Elysian Tail is a great game and not just because it's name is a pun.Dust is a game that honestly is hard to find negitives about. For starters, the game just....looks amazing. The artstyle is beautiful. The well implemented 2D style with a foreground and background always blends really well together, and most the time it blends so well it's easy to forget you're in a 2D game. Next, the story. Now, this story is very good, better than most, but it does have it's flaws. It uses the overused amnesia gimmick, but it's implemented much better than most games that do it, making it feel diffrent, while at the same time still feeling a bit like you've done something like it before. The story arc is also fairly cliche- however, while the overarching theme is that way, the things that happen along the way for the most part are not cliche, those little nodes just make it feel like a much better game. Main and reoccuring characters are memorable and lovable, and they will stick in your mind for a whle(especially Fidget. Fidget is awesome). Side characters are generally pretty simple though. Finnaly, gameplay. Holy crap, it's super fun. Every hit of your sword feels super stasifying, hitting just the right sound and graphic to make it feel like you are an awesome swordsmen cutting through many enemies. Couple that with a couple cool powers, and a unquie combat system make it a joy to play. Heck, it was so fun to play I stayed behind and grinded for levels just because I loved how it felt. Overall, the game is one of the best out there, and for only 15 USD it's a complete steal. I'd highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,236090,7753712,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Special,"This is definitely worth a playthrough unless you're one of those people that's had a terrible childhood where your parents abused you and you weren't allowed to watch awesome 90's cartoons like Bucky O'Hare and Ducktales, instead you grew up watching That's So Raven and other junk which make you go OMG FURRY this is! Anyway...This game is a side scrolling fighting story-driven game that does a lot of things good and a few things merely ok. Everyone harps on it being 'furry' but I think that's just kneejerk reaction. It's just got animal characters in it. If this is furry, so is Ducktales. No one will be yiffing anything. The combat is fun, but does wear a little thin near the end thanks to not much variety. You have a sidekick who is a squeaky voiced flying mouse bat fox creature, but she actually ends up being not annoying (at least in my experience) because she's a bit sarcastic and tends to be overly genre-aware break the 4th wall to crack jokes. The story feels a little rushed in places, but not bad. From what I understand, the dev basically had to work 20 hour days for a couple months to crank the game out, and while I can see some rough patches overall it's a pretty fun experience.The best way to describe it without spoilers is if you combined the fantastical art style and platforming of Earthworm Jim games with the gameplay and character advancement of modern 2D Castlevania games, plus a bit of Klonoa thrown in for character design and story. Dust takes all of those elements and makes a very satisfying experience out of them.Also Dust has one killer Camel toe so there's that.My score for Dust: An Elysian Tail is:4.5 Dust Camel / 5 Toes"
,Recommended,236090,8156135,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Stray White Cat,"You do not remember your past, but everyone else seems to remember everything of what you represents. Dust is your name, but who really are you? I do not usually care about the storyline in games, but Dust: An Elysian Tail has kept me very interested from start to finish.Very early in the game you find a magic sword, who knows everything, but will not tell you anything! The magic sword wants you to take him with you as he will guide you on your journey ahead, and you use him for combat. You will be companied by a tiny, little, flying creature called Fidget who had been protecting the sword until you showed up. Fidget is my favourite character in Dust: An Elysian Tail. She is very adorable and makes you giggle, so cute. However she is not only there for the humoristic side, she is very helpful for combat and to learn new skills as you progress your game that are very effective.Dust: An Elysian Tail is a platforming game with simple RPG features. You follow your main quest while also being handed side quests that mostly are about finding missing people or finding an item and hand it back to that person. You earn experience and loot by completing quests and defeating enemies, which allow you to level up and upgrade one of the four passive skills. The game also offers a crafting system where if you find blueprints you are able to craft the loot if you picked up the required materials for it. The RPG element does not go deep in Dust: An Elysian Tail as it is very basic but otherwise is implemented very well.Dust: An Elysian Tail is a short game, but it is generally very enjoyable during the entire play through. I like how the story goes, how the game is being played, and I love the art style a lot. It is very pretty to look at, glittering and colourful. I especially felt dragged in during the snow levels, mixed with the soundtrack. Oh, and Fidget! Fidget, Fidget Fidget~!My only complaint is that the cutscenes of Dust: An Elysian Tail. There are only like three of them, and they come at the end of the game, but they are very awkward to watch and not well done at all. Compared to everything else about the game, the cut scenes just fall hard and should not have been there. I was disappointed they had to resort to cutscenes. However it is a very minor complaint."
,Recommended,236090,16868787,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kenuty,"This game is a piece of artIts a very action packed game and on sale its worth every penny developed by almost one guy with help. This game had some very nice art and very great gameplayONE PERSON MADE THIS.Little big game one of my all time favoritePro+ heartful story+ Action and controls+ Art is beautiful and immersive+ The beautiful music+ Attention to the details and animations (stepping on snow, butterflies from grass etc)+ The easter eggs you can find you will know from various games+ Control vibrations can save your life for certain moves.Cons- some cutscenes are a bit cheap but it is an indie game- voice acting is decent, sometimes voices are higher in sound quality and sometimes it seems far off so could had done more to the audiohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ66kxx10LA"
76561198218484488,Recommended,236090,28580229,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rob Schwab Random,Dust is a well executed design of a timeless classic; a true representative of the potential of a sidescrolling action rpgs' true potential and a good place for anyone 10 and older to start in the genre.Pros:-Involving Storyline-Great Soundtrack-Good Sound Effects-Great Special Effects-Scales Well-Good Theme-Family Friendly-Low System Requirements-Good Value-Decent Re-playability-Cross PlatformCons:-Somewhat Short
,Recommended,236090,31332608,Posted: 23 April,all,VanishingNinja,"From the first hour of playing this game, I fell in love.The OST makes you stop and take in the scenery.The Backgrounds are simply majestic.Even the voice actors, simply put, make this game what it is.The game also knows when to poke a joke, and when to be serious.   You are guarenteed to laugh at least once during your playthroughs."
,Recommended,236090,32829720,Posted: 26 June,all,pseudoartiste,I loved this game. I literally couldn't put it down. Great for a completionist like me and the story was emotional without being maudlin or overwrought. Definitely recc'd!
,Recommended,236090,13047692,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nerd House,"An action/platforming RPG in the vein of Castlevania, Dust drew me in, hook, line, and sinker.The game puts you in the shoes of an anthropomorphic amnesiac called Dust, and teams him up with floating friend Fidget and wizened talking sword Ahrah. Together, the three of you travel the land of Falana, righting wrongs and uncovering the secrets of Dust's true identity. The plot walks a tight balancing act between family-friendly and dire darkness, and while it's successful overall, some characters (Fidget) do tend to add a somewhat childish, yet still charming flavor to the tale. Despite the world's somewhat medieval vibe, the dialogue is wholly modern, which is oddly jarring, but in a Disney-film-set-in-the-olden-days-but-everyone-talks-like-it's-1990 sort of way. The banter between the three leads is mostly fun, and goes a long way to establishing them as companions — and eventually, friends.As I mentioned, the game unfolds much in the same way as the Symphony of the Night flavor of Castlevanias: explore a variety of locations in 2D space, gather new equipment and ability upgrades to slowly expand your movement possibilities, fight lots of enemies and bosses, help out others via side quests, and gather hidden treasure. While Dust only has access to his sword and several of Fidget's magical projectiles, the tight physics and the outstanding combat keep the game feeling exciting all the way through. Mixing and matching various attacks and combos is thrilling, and combined with the awesome animation, the battles are utterly chaotic and begin to seem like one epic, violent dance. The final level and battle of the game are an utter symphony of carnage. Fortunately, the controls are tight, and you're very much in control of every slash, smash, and dodge. Dust occasionally turns to face a target other than the one desired, but it doesn't happen nearly often enough to really bother me. Also, while the entire game felt very fair, there is one particular enemy late in the adventure that can break all of the established rules of battle. Parrying you while facing the opposite direction or knocked down to the ground and dodging into the background with far greater frequency than even the final boss, this enemy felt a little cheap — though this is admittedly a nitpick that only affects the final hour or two of the game.Visually, Dust looks like what every Disney game from the 1990's aspired to be. The hand-drawn background art is gorgeous and diverse, and the character models are big, colorful, and move with a fluid grace that gives Rayman a run for his lums. There are numerous particle effects like rain, wind, snow, and ash, and tons of dramatic lighting and blur effects during combat. If 2D graphics were food, I would eat Dust all day.The musical score is deep, emotional, and diverse, and lends a huge degree of weight to the various locations and scenes it underscores. There's plenty of audio feedback during combat and in menus too, and all of it lives up to the high-water mark set by the graphics and music. The voice acting is generally pretty good — Dust in particular gives a great performance — but a few here and there (Fidget) are a wee bit cutesy for my taste. Still, no character's voice is outright bad.The PC version automatically detects your control setup and changes the menu layout to suit your choice of mouse and keyboard, keyboard, or gamepad. Keyboard/mouse combinations are certainly serviceable, but the best way to play is undoubtedly with a controller in your hands. There's also a nice selection of knobs and dials to prettify your visual experience if you've got the hardware for it. Considering all of that, Dust absolutely makes a great transition to PC.The game has a set of four difficulty options, the usual suite of Steam achievements, and several challenge rooms for you to struggle with, as well. Playing on hardcore difficulty and completing 100% of the game took me in the neighborhood of 19 hours, so there's certainly plenty of game here for the price, too. Dust was undoubtedly a labor of love by its creator, and it shows. This game oozes craft, artistry, and love, and shows it off in every facet of its design. There's great gameplay, graphics, music, and heart here, and I have no reservations whatsoever in wholeheartedly recommending it to anyone that enjoys these kinds of games.A Must Play"
,Recommended,236090,23097758,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Pros:- Good combat system- Engaging story that doesn't really slow down the game- Decent crafting system- Limited to no grinding- Full SteamOS support- Full PS3 Controller support (icons/rumble)Cons:- No sequel
,Recommended,236090,13013205,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Humble Hearts LLCPublishers:Microsoft StudiosInitial release:May 2013Genre:RPG, Side-Scrolling, Action#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationLet me first by stating that this is everything I wanted Odin Sphere to be.This is a semi open world 2D RPG with mechanics not dissimilar to a fighting game.Great art style, the game is gorgeousreally fun/ in depth mechanics in dealing with enemiesthe soundtrack, my goodness, I listen to it while playing other games due its epicness.I believe this game suffers from the Psychonauts syndrome. Highly critically acclaimed, however no one heard about it.This is a beautiful game. I recommend to anyone interested in any genre no matter what you say you play.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,236090,23825494,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Eclitops,"I actually cried at the end of the game, i played this game knowing nothing in the beginning, and then i started playing it, and i was really happy with this game, awesome game"
76561197961349661,Recommended,236090,22791714,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kawaii Thomas,"Don't let the ""deviantart furry"" art style fool you, this is one of the best metroidvanias out there, a lot of emphasis on the ""vania"" part as there's a lot of influence from the old Castlevania games as well.  Combat heavy but not light on exploration.  Good characters and voice acting.  Great environments.  Lots of good action (though maybe a bit simple).  I really like the store system where you catalogue crafting items by selling one to a store, and after that stores start gradually stocking up on them, so you don't have to go grind for them yourself when you need them."
,Recommended,236090,7887407,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"Awesome game. Great art design, music, story, and characters. Just fun to play. Game was made by ONE guy doing all the animations and the coding and it looks like a AAA title. Only had help with the music and story. Must buy for Indie fans and ARPG fans. One of the best console to PC ports ever. PErfectly ported. Full gamepad support, k/m, AND keyboard only.The game has a very cute set of characters and may give you a few tears as well. Fidget will either annoy you, or make you go ""dawwwwww"". Made me go ""dawwww"".The game is a fast paced action combat in a side scrolling form. Characters are all anomorphic style. You are able to level up with RPG elements, and you play as a guy Dust with his sidekick Fidget. Fidget adds a new element to your fighting style and unlocks new powers as you play. You combine with Fidget to make even more powerful combos.There are a bunch of Easter Eggs in this game too actually. With some really odd puzzles giving homage to some of the greatest Indie titles ever. The treasure chests are sometimes hidden ad clues are given with notes you find as well. You will love seeing some of the amazing alternate worlds that the Easter Eggs provide. Sending you to strange areas to find them in short little levels that try to use the mechanics for the gme and Easter Egg you are looking for. It is relaly cool.Support this guy and buy this game. It is truly great and as one guy this is a great accomplishment and the game is incredibly fun.Game also has trading cards."
,Recommended,236090,32775030,Posted: 25 June,all,Werevegan is ready to get freaky,"A delightful little Metrovania-style single player game. Beautiful story and cast of characters. Gameplay is solid as well! There is a lot of truth in the story overall, to an extent not commonly seen in XBLA type games.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,22558051,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dust,"The game itself:I have played it to a completion of about 83% in 15.5 hours, so it has a decent lenght, I absolutely adore this game and i realy wish for a sequelbut anyway, i am getting distracted, here are the pros of the game:+ a very epic and wonderfull story+ Characters who all have their unique charm and characteristics+ gorgeous scenery and music+ a very fluid combat style+ no material ""grinding"": once you sold a piece of material, the shopkeepers will restock it themselfes overtime+ a very nicely done crafting systembut as with every game, there are contras altho i cant find many:- some secret areas are impossible to find without a guide or something (and thats something you WILL need to do  for some certain quests)- some may think that the game is to cartoony in terms of style, but thats something i personally love- platforming can be a bit unbalanced at times- you need insane ammounts of healing items on the higher levels"
,Recommended,236090,32052352,Posted: 29 May,all,Curious,"Fantastic video game.Drags on a bit at the end of the story, but I enjoyed my experience with this game all the way through.The amount of respect I have for the developer (singular) is almost undefinable. He did such an amazing job realising his dream game, a feat barely anyone have done to such a degree of success.The game is not flawless, nothing is, but it is damn enjoyable."
76561198074983930,Recommended,236090,25018071,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Topi von Topi,"The one most beautiful game I've ever played in my life.Amazing soundtracks, extraorinary scenery, voice-acting that is like melt butter, and a story - so brilliant that it left me collecting the burnt pieces of my heart spread across the floor.Dust: an Elysian Tailwill always have a special place in my soul. I will remember this game to the day I die - and hopefully even after that. I'd like to send my warmest regards to the people who made this; thank you for the journey of my life. How much I ever payed for this game was too little when compared to the experience I had playing it."
,Recommended,236090,13420809,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kape,"Dust: An Elysian Tail, The Best Indie Game Out There!Dust: An Elysian Tail is a mix of Platformer, Hack n' Slash and Action-RPG, If you're a fan of one of these, you really should give this game a try.The Story:It has a touching, Mysterious story, you get to play Dust as and get to know more about yourself as you proceed through the game, Accompanying Fidget and The Blade of Ahrah.The Gameplay:Dust: An Elysian Tail has a very satisfying gameplay, where you ""vwooshzheeooshzoozoosh"" as Fidget says, The soundtracks are mesmerizing, Environment is really cool in all parts of the game, It really makes you feel you're in a fantasy world. Unfortunately, the cutscenes are way below the game level, I feel like they haven't put much effort into it as much as they put into the game, Which kinda ruined some moments for me. Also the bosses are very weak, you can keep them in mid-air with Dust Storm, damaging them until they die.The Characters:The main characters in the game are very unique, look and personality, Unfortunately some the side characters look generic and aren't very special, I'm talking about some of the side quest characters. It doesn't effect the gameplay though. Dust, Fidget and Ahrah make a perfect team!Overall:Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2D Action-RPG + Platformer + Hack n' Slash game mixed together, It has a great story, music, and game mechanics, the only downside for me was the cutscenes and the unchallenging boss fights, I'll happily name it my Favourite Indie game of all time, and one of my favourite games aswell, I'll proudly give it8.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,26176495,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Emperor Trump,You don't have to be a furry to enjoy this game.
,Recommended,236090,26816318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Hex] RottenB,"So, I just kinda nominated Dust for the ""Woaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh, Dude"" Award for December 2016 and because I never really told a lot of people what got me into the game and why I ""only"" got 24 hours or so here's a Review so I'll be finally free of this (not really existing) torture of questioning.[TBH I was actually only questined one time, but please! I need a god damn story to make the Review interesting. Sooooo this totally never happend, mkay. YOU HAVEN'T SEEN A THING!!!]Dust: An Elysian Tail is in my opinion one hell of a game. The 24 hours of playtime I've got are more or less from one sitting where I played through every Side Quest and the Main Quest right to the final boss (and stoped then, because I was literally playing for 19 hours straight). As you might can guess from that statement this game got me real good. I'm in love with the whole universe the game is creating.But how did I get into this masterpiece of a game?Actually I didn't really... I only bought it in the last Summer Sale, because it was every other day on my recommended list and I never really knew anything about it more than it's named Dust. And then one day I thought, f**k it, and bought the game with the last money on my steam-Acc and never regretted it.But what is Dust?Dust is a 2D-Sidescrolling ""Beat'Em'Up"" with some elements of Hack'n'Slay Titles. You're fighting with a magical sword which name I kinda forgot atm (Shame might fall upon me xD) and with your magical and totally not satirical Sidekick Fidget, A Nimbat (Please don't ask me what exactly a Nimbat is... Because I couldn't explain it ^^"" ).Throughout the game you'll get some upgrades for your Armor, Attack, Health, etc. through grinding and/or buying/building stuff that looks nice in the ingame menu, and from a certain point onwards they're kinda needed if you're not perfect with every little attack you'll use.But this is with the genre not really a new thing to bring to the table.In general Dust not really goes out of it's way to try the new ultimate Upgrade of Game-Controls n stuff but rather keeps it simple and on the line one might've already played. But the Gameplay and (to a certain degree) the story didn't really keep me going, but rather the Characters (that are all totally awesome, especially Fidget. I love the Sidekick that comments on a lot of things you'll do, always with a grain of Satire and Ironie. Just the best!) and the Art.As I don't want to spoil anything from the story I'll keep shut about the characters but the Art... You're seeing that? IT'S FREAKING MARVELOUS!!! I'll just keep add with saying what most probably know, but Dust was (more or less) created by one individual (minus Voice Acting and Music if I' not completly mistaken ^^"") and for that the Art is just beautiful. That's something I could put on my wall and be like, yep, that was worth it!Not one design really stood out as being created with less interest than the others, I was kinda blown away when I saw everything ingame!But, because I know not everyone has the time to read through my ramble on stuff that aren't technical and aren't about distinct parts of the game I'll end it hear with a short and sweet Too long; didn't read.TL;DRDust: An Elysian Tail is a wonderful game with a really creative mind behind it. The Gameplay is like it should be and the Art and OST are ingenious. The Story though a bit cliché at some points is through it all interesting and even the Side-Quests are made so you want to go out of your way to Clear them.While I personally found the VAs perfect for their characters some might come off as a bit ennerving (especially the Sidekick Fidget) as they'll talk through quite a lot of Cutscenes.All in all I would recommend this game to more or less everybody. While some might find the Gameplay addicting, others will find their joy in the story and others will just look up R34 and will be happy with their lives.So buy this definitely, when it's on a Sale! When it's Full Price it's still it's money worth (I would argue even more) but I can see why some would be turned off. 14$ isn't much but like a wise guy (probably) said: Even the Pence will be a dollar in times of need...[Nope that last sentence is totally by me, a wise guy wouldn't have spoken about worldly topics :3)And with that I wish all of you whom reading this a beautiful day or night and I hope I've helped you in your decision."
76561198029556744,Recommended,236090,13152644,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tea Time Senpai,"First of all.This is one of those games. The game where you actually believe in the adventure, where you actually feel yourself inside this world. It's a tale that goes on for a great period of time and makes you savour every single momment of it. And in the end. After dedication, amazing gameplay, character interaction. It's one of those rare gamesWhere you do not want the story to end.And who wouldn't really? This game is a jewel. This game is EVERYTHING you could ever possibly want. Lemme explain it to you.A bit of background. First of all this game was made by one guy. Dean Dodrill. Keep that in mind when I go on and say he spent four complete years on this project.Very dedicated guy for the content he made. I assure you.And I assure you. There is going to be more. Judging by the story content and every bit of plot it throws at you. Along with the confirmation of the developper. There is going to be more someday. Not now. But someday.Why am I excited? Here are my thoughts during the entire gameplay.The first thing you see when oppening the game are the graphics. A luscious rain falls on the background and as soon as you begin the game you realise something really, REALLY cool. (Sidenote This port on Computer really adapts itself well for an Xbox port. If my memory doesn't fail me you can plug an Xbox controller if you wish. But why would you do that when the Pc settings are so well ported?),The game is hand drawn. In fact. EVERYTHING is hand drawn and well colored. The colors are flashy and memorable, including the amazing shade of blue your main character has. Every landscapes from plants to creatures to other characters, buildings. All of it is hand drawn.It's nuts. Every thing Was designed for it to be absolutely Stunning making me gaze in awe and wonder like a 10 year old a couple of times. So when it comes to quality. It is heartwarming.I love it. and it makes me think alot about Child Of Light and Rayman Origins which are both great.So you begin this game and the game throws you this simple almost fairy tale like story.You are Dust, A cloaked and straw-hat wearing swordman who has woken up in the forest, alone, who can't remember his own path, and his guided by a magical sword accross the land to repel the evil racist millitary campaign of General Gaius. And so you take on the fight along with your trusty Nimbat sidekick named Fidget to both save the land and remember who you are in the proccess.Recapped like that it, sounds like absolute cheese. But it's not. I assure you that this very basic and simple plot holds a lot more within it than you could think. You end up caring a lot towards both the main characters within the story. Your partner, Fidget, looking very similar to Daxter from the Jak series, probably has the most adorable and well thought personality that I have ever seen. Her voice her comments her attitude, everything about this side kick is incredibly adorable. And she actually helps you along the way by providing you some of the best attacks in the game when combined with the sword making you feel like she is actually really useful. Something rare from a sidekick.The story is one of those fairy tale stories that are meant to keep you enchanted along the way. And I absolutely love it.The gameplay works as a 2D beat em all type of games with a, although lacking in numbers, selection of very useful combos meant for every situation. As all the combos are worth using, you do not really feel the need to add any other combos into it. There is also a great parry system included which you need to use well in order to beat certain monsters.You also gain experience and money outside of combat allowing you to level the stats of your main character and buy items and equipments. Defeating ennemies allows you to gain ingredients from them for you to combine and create stronger weapons, rings and armor making it for a constant character progression as you wander the land.Quests are given to you giving your new locations and purposes to do things in exchange of very very useful rewards. Some of these quests are absolutely crazy with good ideas (The box quest being one of my favorite).Outside of combat. It is an exploration game very similar to Metroid. You search the land for secrets the map is separated into rooms and your characters gains new abillities as you advance making you feel this constant progression.Level designs are stunning. When I said you explore the land. You EXPLORE the land. With all of it's hazards you go through forests, plains, cavers, mountains, tundra's, ghost house's, volcanoes. Giving you a lot of variety for level exploration and enviromental hazards like poisonous mushrooms and  spikes, mines, avalanches, lava. Making it just a jolly good ride all the way.I cannot find a single flaw in the gameplay except for the higher difficulties setting.Those are only minor nitpicks. For example. Hardest difficulty setting, you are zero invincibility frames and hazards are increased in frequency. (Like poison mushrooms spraying on the floor more frequently). It makes certain environment hazard a complete atrocious pain and almost a difficulty spike in certain areas as the hazards are just shooting everywhere (You will see once you reach the cave level on the hardest setting). Another example would be that if you fell in a pile of lava. There is a good chance that on the harder difficulty setting you might get stuck endlessly in lava due to you having no invincibility frames making it a pain when.SPOILERFighting the last boss in a volcano filled with instant killing lava where as in a lower difficulty setting, you could easily jump away after getting lava-burned.END OF SPOILER.That's a very small nitpick though. The rest of the game is mighty fine and challenging in the other difficulties making it an amazing experience all the way through.And yes. For a beat em up. The game is 20 hours long on average. Which is almost twice as long than a usual beat em up.Did i say this game was made by one person?Should I really tell you if it's good or not? From what I said above, this game is an absolute godsend made out of gold and pristine quality.It was so good I did not want it to end.How many games have ever given you this feeling of pure commitment?It is one of the rare games I will never forget and treasure in my heart forever.So in recapPros:Amazing hand drawn graphic almost shimmering you blind with their beauty.Great combat gameplay with crafting and a level up system making you feel progress all the way through.Metroid/Catlevania exploration to the finest degrees rewarding you with both upgrades and easter eggs.Fidget.Very in depth story overall that starts off pretty slow and cheesy and slowly escalates into something great.Fidget.Fidget.It's only 15$ while it could easily top alot of triple A 60$ titles on the market.20 hours long gameplay which is a great bargain for only 15$.Great finale along with a certainty of a sequel (More Fidget) in the future.Cons:Unforgiving environmental hazards at higher difficulty.A sort of slow and cheesy start when it comes to story telling (Gets way better after a while)Boss fights are a little deceiving but great nonetheless.Other than that, It is pure gold and I recommend you to buy it for yourself. Buy it as a gift for your friends. Support Dean Dodrill (He deserves all the praises in the world). I can't tell you how much this game has claimed such a cozy spot in my heart. Probably one of my favorite games of all time.So get this game.You will love it i assure you.You will play this game gazing upong it's amazing story and gameplay. Laughing in joy.And will slowly reach the end of your journey and more and more you will feel this anguish building up inside you.And mutter.I don't want this tale to end."
,Recommended,236090,13372552,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Prince of Autumn,10/10 made all my friends ask if I was a furry.
,Recommended,236090,13085854,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Agreeable game-length for a platformer+ Very fluid, solid, and thoroughly enjoyable combat system+ Amazing soundtrack+ Beautiful level designs+ Gorgeous art-style- Uninspired narrative; not terrible, but little that you haven't seen before- Marginal replay valueLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,236090,16632609,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pocky,"Overall I disliked this game, but its probably just not for me. I can see why others like it.Cons- Combat system is too simplistic. You will use the same moves over and over. Some moves are really not even useful against any enemies.- Game gets repetative fairly quicky, about the 3-4 hour mark.- Not a true metroidvania. Would call it metroidvania-lite.- Dialogue is bad to the point of cringey at times.Pros- Great art.- Decent story.- Fun hidden secrets for those who like treasure hunting."
,Recommended,236090,20680140,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vinylord Scratch,"Truly spectacular. Definately worth the money, great characters, spectacular art, brilliant storyline, (runningoutofgoodwords) soundtrack. Definately reccomend. Hats off to Humble Hearts and Hyperduck!"
76561198036828001,Recommended,236090,23408648,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LegendFighter,"I bought Dust an Elysian Tail on sale.Now I wish I had bought it at full price.In my Opinion everything in this Game is just GreatSo i can't tell you anything negativ about Dust An Elysian TailOne tip from me:Play it with a Controller :)And now stop reading my Review,because i didn't said anything helpful. :pjust buy it and have fun :D11/10"
,Recommended,236090,20095754,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Archangel,"For reference. I played through the game just once at the time of this reveiw. Didn't 100% it but I still finished the game.This is a really solid game which boggles my mind that this was supposed to be an XBLA only release? Its like if the Lord of the Rings movies went straight to DVD!Pros:-Fighting felt fluid yet easy to pick up and awesome to watch-Enemies actually varied their tactics. Yes there were recolors but they were not plentiful-Leveling system never felt grindy. Maintained a steady stream of level ups to match the enemies power-The soundtrack.-The artstyle. Some of the levels had me put down my controller and just stare at it for a whileBut every rose has its thornsCons:-While the platforming was fast it was also a tad imprecise for what it asked you to do. I faced death multiple times from a platform going too fast or another mishap because of the generalisitic controls-The story, while decent, was usually handed to you in a massive chunk. It was all about ""Tell, not Show"" which let the game down a bit-Some specific enemies are just ridiculous to the point where skipping them is almost required. Woe betide if you cant.-The Tale/Tail pun bugs me. but I'm just being pettyThose are my good and bad points about Dust: An Elysian Tail. I wish it didnt take me 1 night to finish (also please where is sequel. D: )"
,Recommended,236090,31500140,Posted: 1 May,all,★ Mr Trillson ★,Great music Great gameplay Great story and trying to get a 1000 hit combo everytime you enter combat.This is my kind of indie game and the first one I throw in people's face when they talk down on indie games.I sincerely hope there will be a sequel.5/5
,Recommended,236090,12027248,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,BadassFreeman,"After seeing the game in the Microsoft Sale for just 2€, and watching a huge amount of reviews calling this game ""close to perfection"" and giving rates like 4/5, 9,5/10, and even a few perfect scores for both profesional reviews, and even players from Steam, I decided to give it a try, to see what's the hype all about. And if there's something I can't stand, are lies. This game was NOWHERE close to perfection, and it does feel unfinished at times. I still had fun, and I still think this game is worth the purchase in a good sale, but let me explain everything properly, and as usual, I will start with the stuff the game does NOT do well:First of all, and for me, the biggest dissapointment I had with the game, is the difficulty. OR RATHER, THE LACK OF ANY. This game is HELL EASY. Want to know something else? I started my first playthrough of the game on the hardest difficulty, ""Extreme"", hoping to get an enthrilling experience, like when you play Dark Souls for the first time. And what did I found out? All the difficulty does, IS JUST MAKE ENEMIES HURT MORE. That's NOT difficulty, that's ARTIFICIAL DIFFICULTY. AND IT SUCKS. It doesn't matter if the enemies kill me in two hits, WHEN I CAN STILL KILL THEM IN ONE! Specially in this game, where the Devs put a lot of work into the Dodge moves. Yeah, enemies kill me in one hit, BUT THEY CAN'T EVEN HIT ME. THAT SURE IS EXTREME! IS IT ALSO POWERED BY MOUNTAIN DEW? This lack of difficulty reaches the highest settings of stupidity on the bossess. There are, literally, just 4 legit bosses on the game, and a handful of mini-bosses, that are nothing but enemies you'll find later in the game anyway. And are those bossess extreme? HELL NO, THEY'RE EVEN WEAKER THAN NORMAL ENEMIES, HOW IN THE ACTUAL F#CK IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE, MICROSOFT!? And if that wasn't laughable enough, you can buy gems that will revive you to full-health whenever you're defeated. They're just expensive, but I had a good amount of them when I reached the last stage of the game, anyway, because I had WAY TOO MUCH GOLD (more on that later). The only thing this difficulty does achieve, is making the dangers of the dungeons and maps become ACTUALLY DANGEROUS. The Ice-caverns, for example, where ice-shards drop from the ceiling? I liked that part, because it required some skill, timing and luck to dodge them, but getting hit once was an insta-kill.Another issue I have with the game, is that it's rather short. It took me 13 hours to complete it at 113% (I still don't know why the hell it says 113% and not 100%...), getting god-damn everything, rescuing every ""friend"", and all the side-quests done. If I didn't bother to do all of those things, I would have probably gone through the entire game in 6 or so. I did just spend 2€ on the game, so it's fine for me, but think about the people who paid full price. And no, it doesn't really have much replayability. Just a few achievements you can't get in the first run of the game (mainly because you have to choose one thing or another, but you can indeed get them on the first try by making two different saves).The third big issue about the game, is the Item system. Don't get me wrong in this, it's an amazing idea. But sadly, it feels rushed and unfinished. Nearly all enemies on the game drop a huge amount of different items you can use to make items. What's the deal? Those items you can build with blueprints, can later be bought anyway, so I found myself ignoring completely the crafting aspect of the game, and sold every loot-item I got right away. And I still beated the game without much trouble... And what I said before, I ain't kidding: A Goblin, or a Soldier, drop the same items as a ugly giant spider, or EVEN A GOD-DAMN FIGHT-JET. Only a few of them drop unique items, and most of them are either expensive, or only good for crafting.The last issue with the game, are the enemies. Like I said before, bosses are a complete joke (beated most of them without even taking damage, even the final boss, who has 4 fights in a row, that I beated on the first try, and didn't took damage on the first two), but the normal enemies are no different at times. Pretty much 80% of the enemies in the game will do nothing but to rush at you blindly, and if there's anything on the way, they might get stuck, or rather commit suicide by falling into a river of magma, or getting impared by spikes/ice-shards.  The rest of the enemies are okay, though...Except one. In the ""Graveyard-like"" dungeon, where you have to roam arround to find 4 items for a old-lady, you will mainly find 3 enemies: Zombies that share the same dumb IA as most enemies, Zombies with giant tumors on their heads that, for some reason, act as the Creepers from Minecraft and explode when you get near them, and Necromancers, who deal NO damage, and do nothing but spawn infinite amounts of Zombies, and Zombies with tumors. And can you kill them easily? NO. They only get damaged by magic, and magic is both not powerful, and not that useful. So, you will spend a few minutes trying to spam magic to kill him faster, while Zombies with tumors surround your♥♥♥♥♥ and you have to choice but to kill everything. And everytime one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s appear, I end up farming enough XP to level up once. That's just being dumb. Maybe that's why I was so powerful at the end of the game, those guys kept appearing, and when I left the area, I had like 20 levels more...Now, leaving all that crap behind, what does the game do good?The story, even though short, and a bit obvious at times (I saw the mayor plot-twists from a mile ago), it does get the job done, and it can get you hooked up for more. It goes arround ""Dust"", a young boy who has forgot about who he was, and seems to have been chosen by a talking sword. He, the sword, and Fidget, some sort of ""cat-bat"", then go in a long (or rather short) journey to find out who is Dust, what happend to him, and since were at it, save the world.The combat system has some problems, mainly a lack in melee combos, but it's quite cool while it lasts. Casual players could understand them easily, and experienced players would love them. During the game you also get some new attacks, like the Storm, or magic for Fidget...Even though magic is kinda useless. You see, it's only prupose is to get huge combos. And what do you get from combos? More XP. Spamming magic like a casual gives you huge amounts of XP, like I've said before, and it ends up making the game easier, especially when you notice the huge range it has.The soundtrack and voices are probably the highlights of the game. Even though I found Fidget a bit annoying at times, breaking the 4th wall without reason, the characters are well voiced, and the music fit perfectly.Something I also liked about the game, are the ""Friends"" I mentioned before. What are them? Exploring a bit arround might lead you to find some sort of box (that seriously reminds me of the ones you would see in the first Rayman games...You know, THE GOOD ONES), and by using 4 keys, you can rescue a character from another indie game (or even two ducks that are supposed to be the guys who made the soundtrack). And not only that, finding these easter eggs gives you a permanent HP buff. Maybe I was also unstoppable because I found most of them without any problem, but the ways you find some of them sure are original. For the Fez character, you go into a messed up 2D style. For the guy from Braid, you summon a god-damn tornado, making a sick parody of the Tornado-crap from Castlevania Simon's Quest (Does somebody actually remember that game? Good old times), and then end in a dungeon where the soundtrack only continues whenever you're moving.The game is, despite the amount of issues that make it look infinished, or at least unpolished, quite fun. I would not buy it for full price, but I do recommend it in a good sale. But still, Bastion is way better. Buy that instead if you haven't yet."
,Recommended,236090,9070274,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:That just fantastic game. One of my favorite game ever...just Buy it! C:FIN:Aivan älyttömän hieno peli, yksi parhaimmista peleistä mitä oon koskaan pelannut, suositteluni! C:"
,Recommended,236090,12256333,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Element★,"This game is one of the most impressive games I've seen made by a single man. The main draw of the game for me was the combat system, but I ended up getting hooked by the story and exploration much more. The game is very reminiscent of old Metroid and Castlevania games, especially Metroid due to the fact that you will unlock new abilities through the game that can be used to access new areas in levels that you've already been to. There aren't an incredibly large amount of levels, but the levels still take a decent amount of time to get through and have plenty of secrets all over the place.Back to the combat system that I said interested me before, it is very satisfying but tends to get boring quickly. I found myself just repeating the same combo over and over since there was little reason to use much else. Also, I'd highly recommend playing sidequests rather than just rushing through the main story because enemies become VERY damage-spongey if you aren't properly leveled.Now, the story; I got quite hooked into the world this game created, despite it's somewhat childish appearance at first glance the story actually gets fairly dark at times while the writing still manages to have a good amount of humor(Mostly from your flying sidekick, Fidget). All the characters seemed well-written to me, except for the main character, Dust. Dust came off as an awfully generic reluctant hero, and what little character development he had seemed forced and out of nowhere. The voiceacting is also very good, aside from, again, Dust himself. I can't pinpoint exactly why, but Dust's voiceacting made me cringe often. A lot of people hate Fidget's voiceactor, but I found it well-done and fitting for the character.Now, one big complaint people have about this game is the artstyle. A lot of people don't like the sort of ""furry"" artstyle this game has, but personally, aside from Fidget, all the characters reminded me more of something you'd see in an old Disney cartoon than something you'd see in some lonely wolf-kin's DeviantART gallery. The artwork for the levels is also VERY detailed and well-done, and the animations are very impressive as well. Except for during the cutscenes, for some reason the pre-rendered cutscenes have AWFUL animation quality at times. There were a lot of cutscenes where I wished they had just stuck with the in-game dialogue and preset animations rather than a fully rendered cutscene.Overall, this game is absolutely fantastic, and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys those old Metroidvania-style games and people who enjoy a good story. Don't be turned away by the artstyle, I assure you there is no yiffing involved in this game. ...Just don't look up any fanart."
,Recommended,236090,8597209,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Crystalitar - NYEH - SHINY,"Been playing it all day now, and i just can't seem to stop my love for this game! After watching Totalbiscuit's review on it just now, i am even more amazed!It got reactive battle mechanismGood animation and environment artTouching voice acting, tough one can say childish (i think it's charming)A good Story (for so far i played it)And the battles don't get boring, as when facing some new monsters, one's combo's and tactics should be altered to get the highest combo's and least of damage.Then after hearing this was made by 1 guy over the course of 4 years...Simple Amazing! Music is only not by him but is from proffesional level too!I am just lucky I saw this in the sale, otherwise i may never even have heard of it. If one must buy it at the normal price, it's worth every little cent you spend for this!Onward to fan art!"
,Recommended,236090,13648106,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TorrentFiend,"Dust is a great game.  The whole cutsy animated look isn't really something I'm used to so there's moments where I'm thinking ""Wow that's really overly cutsy borderline furry""  lol  like the Figet character whos your sidekick in combat throughout the game, but the game has a very deep and rich story with a tremendous amount of voice over content.  There's a lot of talks with characters in the game and the way Dust doesn't remember anything makes for a very rich and engaging story where you are constantly discovering in pieces what hes about and what your purpose in the games story is.  It's the kind of deep story that most games lack now days.The learn as you start playing way they teach the mechanics of the game is also very well done.  All of the little tutorial tips as I learned new moves actually displayed the name of the button that I had remapped certain actions to instead of a preset default key mapping.  I was glad to see that the game knew I'd changed primary and secondary fire and correctly displayed it when guiding me through, most games fall short with this but not Dust.  This game really has a very polished and good feel to it.The combat is great hack and slash fun and the secondary fire with the ability to add in extra damage from Figets ability gives it some fun choices that work better for certain enemies.  Overall this is a definite must buy for anyone who likes a good hack and slash game.  Cutsy animation that some may hesitate at but if you want a taste of that hack and slash fun and the deep story I mentioned just watch the video trailer on the Steam Store page here and it's clear that this game is standing above most other games in its class."
,Not Recommended,236090,15173841,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Anima Animus,"IntroI want to start off by saying I would not call “Dust: An Elysian Tail” a bad game. I would, however, call it a mediocre game for someone like me. I want to explain my criticisms of this game, and I want to emphasize that therearepeople to whom I would recommend this game, and I will expand on that point at the end.My main criticisms of this game are:StoryI recognize that this criticism is mostly personal preference, but I found the story good by video game standards but not movie or book standards, which is not saying much. In addition, I felt that the story took a left turn in Act III that was not built up to much at all, but the charactersactedlike it had been foreshadowed all along, which was kind of annoying.CombatThe combat system is acceptable but not great. It’s mostly button-mashing and there’s not a lot of variety in the moves you can perform, so by the end of the game, the combat will feel quite repetitive. There are ways to counter enemy attacks and other special moves, but when enemies fill the screen (as they often do), it’s very difficult to see when enemies are attacking, which often makes button-mashing the most effective strategy.RPG SystemI would only consider this game an RPG in the loosest sense. The RPG system in this game boils down to “you get stronger as the game progresses.” There are no interesting choices to make regarding your stats or playstyle. As you level up your stats, the game forces you to keep them roughly equal, and you’ll eventually be able to max out on everything anyway.DifficultyThe game has a difficulty selection screen at the beginning, which is not a great way of setting difficulty in general. Fundamentally, the game does not play well on higher difficulties. As I said before, it can be hard to see when enemies are attacking, so you’ll often be hit without much warning. On higher difficulties, in which enemies do more damage, this can lead to quick deaths out of nowhere. Movement is very loose, which means that you can die repeatedly without it ever feeling like your fault. Ultimately, any difficulty in this game feels frustrating rather than rewarding.ConclusionMy criticisms above are more than enough for me to give this game a thumbs-down. However, “Dust: An Elysian Tail” certainly has numerous redeeming qualities. The artwork and voice acting are great, and I can’t say that there’s anything wrong on the technical side of this game.I would recommend this game to people who plan on playing it for the story and artwork, and I would definitely recommend playing on the lower difficulty levels. If you consider yourself more of a “hardcore” gamer, I suggest passing on this game in favor of a different 2D metroidvania game."
76561198024219397,Recommended,236090,20528496,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,inpathos,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is, simply put, a masterpiece. A modern classic, thoroughly humble in spite of its gorgeous presentation, it is a game that firmly stands among a gamer's fondest memories: Zelda, Metroid, Castlevania, Dust. But to say that this game is on the league of the classics from which it draws inspiration, is not enough. For Dust is, in many ways, better than any of those games, as it has learned and grown from them, not copied. Ocarina of Time, however wonderful our memories of it may be, is a game from the last century, and it shows. Not the case with Dust. This game runs in any resolution; it has hand-drawn high-resolution sprites; it is able of seamlessly changing between controller, keyboard and mouse inputs on the fly; it has charming and very well directed voice acting; great sound effects, graphic effects, cutscenes, dialogues, soundtrack. The technical details alone should be reason enough for you to try this game. Its wonders do not end there, however, for Dust is also a heart-touching story, unafraid of being naïve and juvenile, a fairy-tale in all the best ways — that manages to be mature where it counts. No wonder this is the work of a loving father: this is a game I'd raise my child with, confident that not only would he witness a great work of art, but that he would learn valuable lessons along the way.If you are at all capable of enjoying platformers, give this game a try and allow it to enchant you."
,Recommended,236090,28134495,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Iiaeze,"I wish Steam had an 'Ehhhh...' option.Let's start with the good -Dustlooks great, controls well, has a passable soundtrack, and the writing can be quite funny at times. I laughed often at the deuteragonist Fidget's lines, and while she was entirely grating at first introduction by the middle of the game I only found her likeable.Unfortunately, main man Dust himself never improved much. He goes back and forth between being some edgy amnesiac dude to bland to a bleeding heart. He doesn't improve in motivation or reasoning, even after his exposition scenes. The villain meanwhile twirls his mustache at every turn while literally slaughtering men, women, and children alike. Fun.This game never really marketed itself more than a simple beat-em-up, but the mechanics here are beyond simple. You have essentially four attacks - a ground clear, a ground slam, an air knock-up, and some attack where you spin through the air. Fidget also has the ability to shoot projectiles which are amplified by your spin attack, but there's very little difference between the 3 options and they don't interact with your other attacks in any way besides juggling enemies.This wouldn't be a problem if the game was varied in other ways... but it's not. Enemies are basically all reskins of each other and the best way to play is button mashing due to the number of mobs that can clutter your screen. The game has a parry mechanic, but outside of it happening randomly the only times you bother to make use of it are for enemies designed to require its use. In fact, none of the attacks in your repertoire feel particularly natural to use - they all seem as effective as one another and there's no combo system to speak of. There issomedegree of animation canceling utilized via crouching, but again it's pointless to use given howDustrequires absolutely zero strategy or mechanics to speak of.Level design is passable at best and at worst makes you want to tear your hair out. Levels are simply too long for what they offer. Like the gameplay, they're repetitive and on the rare occasion things are mixed up, it's in an annoying fashion. I have absolutely zero idea why anyone would think that hazards that essentially explode randomly would be a good idea, much less to cover entire sections of levels with them. And surround them with spike traps. I certainly love having three hazards explode at once, leaving no opportunity to dodge, only to send me into conveniently placed spikes so that I may die without option. Fun.Anyway, regardless of all these multiple faults I did, I suppose, have some fun withDust. Despite the terrible story, the repetitive gameplay, and the occasionally annoying level design, the game did offer some honestly cool moments. The animations and sprite effects when dealing with a group of enemies can look amazing, and stuff like grabbing a guy with your sword then slamming him into a group of enemies takes a long time to get old.With that, I'd recommendDustto the younger gamer. It's something I would have loved at a young age, where flashy effects and simple gameplay were the bee's knees, but for anyone else I'd probably pass."
,Recommended,236090,10614675,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Dust is energetic like a tornado. It has its artistic touch to it.There's great gameplay, graphics, music, and heart here, and I have no reservations whatsoever in wholeheartedly recommending it to anyone that enjoys these kinds of games.The PC version is an excellent port, offering a steady framerate, crisp visuals and well-established controls. If you missed out on this grand adventure when it was on the Xbox 360, here’s the perfect opportunity to fix that.Highly entertaining, substantial and a visual treat.An absolutely must-have for any PC user. This adventure is an eye-popping effort, with tons of frenetic battles, exploration and fun."
,Recommended,236090,28225574,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Alpha,i need Dust 2 now
,Recommended,236090,15187213,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JugadorXEI,"Okay, before you start reading this review, I want to get you with the mindset that this game isn't a ""masterpiece,"" a ""10/10"" or anything like that, but it is still a really good game, nevertheless.Dust: An Elysian Tail is a good game, really: it has beautiful landscapes, the combat feels good, the characters are very good in terms of voice acting and writing and the story is good.However: The game is easy even in higher difficulties (exceptmaybethe final 4-stage boss and when you get stun-locked with environmental hazards) because you can just put your levels in damage and one-shot everything, the cinematic scenes are also kind-of low quality even though the rest of the game looks beautiful, the game lacks combos, and the game also somewhat deceives you with your progress (I apparently finished the game with 53% done, but you'd expect the secondary stuff is less important.)Even though the game explains you (Dust) who are you and about this world, it really felt like it needed more explanation story-wise - like, really; Gaius didn't seem to be so much of a bad guy, and the game doesn't tell you why he wanted the Moonbloods dead (or maybe it was a very simple and silly thing and I missed it.)Bad things aside now, overall, the story is this game is about Dust, a boy who missed his identity all of the sudden and now carries the Sword of Ahrah who guides him, and also Fidget, who also defends the Sword of Ahrah itself. Dust, Ahrah and Fidget are the main protagonists of the game, Dust being the player.Fidget acts as an assistant, and also a comic relief character, sometimes breaking the fourth wall (I hate fourth wall breaking, please don't do it, developers), and during combat she can use magic which synergizes with Duststorm, Dust's signature move (I think?)Since telling you the entire story would just spoil it, I will just tell you it has a good story, although rather short if you rush it.I do recommend you buying this game, but maybe in a sale for half its price, or at least for 7-9 euro. That's how much I would give it, in my opinion."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,236090,12857374,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"I'm going to be objective (as humanly possible) with this review because I know a lot of people truly enjoyed Dust, which is great. As a huge indie game supporter, I am ecstatic to see games like Dust do so well. I'm not trying to hate on it, but I personally did not enjoy Dust. Let's take a look:Pros:+ The graphics are absolutely gorgeous. Easily one of the prettiest games I've ever played.+ The controls are very tight and feel good. There is no slipping. Very important for this type of gameplay. Good job here.+ I don't understand how a single person made this game. Major props because this game is very long compared to other titles which were made by one to two people.Cons:- It's really important to connect with the characters in order to enjoy your time in the game. Unfortunately, the main character in this game has zero personality and I cringed every time he opened his mouth. He does transform in the end into someone with character and zeal but it took 8 hours for that to happen. For 90% of the game he is possibly the most boring protagonist I have ever witnessed. I understand his ""beginning personality"" was part of ""who he is"" but it made for an extremely boring character.- The combat is beyond oversimplified. You basically use the same two abilities over and over again. With the type of combat that exists in this game, I feel like some really cool intricate combos could have been created. Where is the strategy? Where is the strategic planning? Where are the ridiculous crazy combos?- The enemies for the first 80% of the game are also oversimplified and unimaginative. You can use the same strategy for almost every enemy you encounter barring a select few with specific abilities.- The item choices are so bland. There are almost no ""choices"" you have to make between items. 95% of the time, they simply just become better and better. They have no tradeoffs. This causes the game to become very linear and simplified.- The storyline was... borderline acceptable at best. I felt like so much effort was put into the end of the game that the entire 90% of the rest game was just left out. The ending was good. I liked the ending. Nothing happens though for the entire rest of the game.Overall, Dust is very beautiful visually, and I enjoyed the message at the end. Unfortunately, Dust feels like a shell that was never fully developed and lacks depth. The characters are bland, the combat is oversimplified, and the item choices are made for you due to having very little tradeoffs.Dust takes about 8 hours to complete.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,30270955,Posted: 1 March,all,Vladimir Pootis,"If you can get past some of the cheesy dialouge in the begining, you've got an awesome game ahead of you.Controls and combat are fluid.Hand drawn graphics are gorgeousMusic is incredibleStory is pretty alright"
,Recommended,236090,27764224,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OpenWorldAddict,"For a few weeks now I have been looking for an rpg that I could lose myself in on this 2007 macbook pro that only has 256 mb of vram on an old video card and 3 gigabyte's of ram. The search has been long and hard.... then yesterday I during the Steam Autumn Sale I picked up Dust...Oh my god! Dust is such an awesome game, and I don't know why I have completely ignored this game in three years since it's release. I am a gamer who got into gaming with games such as Legend of Zelda, Secret of Mana, Castlevania, and Metroid. This game has elements of all those, and it stokes that nostalgia nerve so hard that I just want to experience more of this game.On top of that the story is great and has tough emotional moments that will make you think twice about your actions. The music is so pretty and it always fits the mood of what's going on. In fact, there are many times when the music stops cold, leaving a feeling of either dread or just calmness, depending on the situation.The art style and character design is kind of unusual, where every single character you meet is some kind of animal person, but that is cool, again it's a throw back to some of the quirkier games in the 16 and 32 bit era.The combat is also a lot of fun. It is fast, you'll be using your mouse to kick up a wind storm, put a little magic from your helper in the mix to create a wide variety of effects.There is a wide range of difficulty levels that will suit every gamers needs, so you can go for hard mode and have a real challenging experience that really requires you to respond to things and be on your toes, or you can go on casual difficulty and just enjoy the story and the exploration side of the game.Overall, if you've grown up on games from the 16 and 32 bit era, if zelda, metroid, and castlevania are some of your favorite retro games, you will love this game.For someone looking for another 80s/90s syle exploration rpg, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,236090,23297284,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Honestly, I'm not sure why I'm even bothering to write a review of Dust: An Elysian Tail.Everybody already knows that this game is awesome. Tens of thousands of reviews have been posted. I believe that everything that needs to be said about the game, has probably already been said. Furthermore, I can't make up a bunch of complaints and flat-out lie, just so I can be ""Mr. Contrarian"". If were to present an argument that Dust isn't really all that great, first I'd have to convince myself, and that isn't happening.Why do I think Dust is great? It's mainly due to the controls and level-design. If you've played this game, then you're well-aware of the protagonist's abilities, particuarly his uh... tornado spin?(Press Y button while in mid-air*). This move homes in on enemies, and can even cause Dust to be launched miles into the air, if he's aiming for a flying enemy. A neat trick is using a Lightning storm, then following with the tornado, as enemies are lifted into the air by the electricity. There's a certain joy to be found in soaring through the sky, even when there isn't an incentive (such as treasure).At the same time, Dust's ability to practically fly isn't a hindrance to the level-design. There are a few shortcuts, and maybe even a sequence break or two, but there's nothing that comes off as really awkward. Due to Dust's mobility, he doesn't really work in a pixel-precise-platformer. Thus, all of the platforms in this game - moving or otherwise - are wide enough. I'd say that on average, they're more than two ""Dusts"" in width.Now hang on a second. How does one measure ""Dusts""? In platformers, it's always important to consider the character and their relationship with the world. Take Super Mario Bros. 1 for example. The smallest block in SMB1 is only slightly wider than Mario. This gives players just enough time to react, but they don't have to constantly measure their jumps. Having to adjust your landing for every single jump not only affects the pacing of the game, but it also becomes tiring for the player. Another example is the first Sonic the Hedgehog game. Sonic is a faster character, so the platforms he lands on tend to be twice as wide as he is. There's more that could be said here, but it would all be irrelevant to this review of Dust: An Elysian Tail. In short, platforming in this game works, because the player has enough freedom to move around.The combat also benefits from all of the mobility. There are many tools to play around, and even if they're at times unnecessary, they're still appreciated. If a player wants to tornado through all of the enemies while tossing storms everywhere, that's fine. They can just as easily stay on the ground, and decimate everything with the sword alone. Switching between multiple styles is seamless, and it works wonderfully.Oh and if you haven't noticed this before. In the final area, if you perform an air-grab on the flying ships, the game pauses for a suitably epic second. The game doesn't do this for any of the other enemies (even the final boss), and that's really cool.Other than that... Well, I'm afraid I don't have anything else to add. This is a superb game, but you already know that."
76561198210239908,Recommended,236090,31816965,Posted: 17 May,all,zombiechick777,"This game is honestly one of the BEST indie, RPG game I have ever played. The storyline was so well made that i found myself playing it every chance I had! I seriously wish that there was a sequal."
,Recommended,236090,11923964,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,❥ Lil-Dogu,"What do we get if Dark Souls (Well... The game is difficult on Hardcore.), fighter games and platformer get combined?Dust.Do you like swinging your sword like a ninja/samurai/anyone and slashing monsters like crazy?Play Dust.Do you like grinding? Crafting recipes are a good way to improve your character, aren't they?Play Dust.Do you like a nice art-style?Play Dust.Do you want to have a small, orange cute thing and talking sword as companions?Play Dust.JUST PLAY IT. IT MAY LOOK ""FURRY"", BUT IT'S GREAT.P.S. This game reminds me of Metroid and Megaman Zero... *sniff* Megaman... *sniff*"
,Recommended,236090,12076861,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ZEPHYR534,This game is like absorbing an art exhibit through your fingertips. Beautiful.
76561198037731715,Recommended,236090,10933913,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Druzil,"What an amazing game, so good. I have to bow to that guy who developed this all by himself.This game just has it all, it was just a little bit too short and maybe a little bit too easy towards the end, but it is definitly the best money ever spent. Would buy it again if i could. Can't wait for the next part.Also easy to achieve 100% on this game if you are that sort of player.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,7930361,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,gust,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is in a group of few games that touch your feelings in a unique way.With rpg features, a beautiful 2D world and a well-done combat system, this game already grab the attention.But in my opinion, the singularity of Dust is the storyline that composes the game. The story captures you and if you are a melted butter like me, prepare your handkerchiefs.So, in terms of storyline, if you like FF VII, Legend of Dragoon, The Walking Dead: The Game, FF X and many others games that messes with your feelings, then Dust: An Elysian Tail is the perfect game for you!"
,Recommended,236090,10570428,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,roronoa[GR],"A fantastic game, a must play for fans of action games.Amazing and fast combat, feels and looks great at 60fps. An interesting story with great protagonists and quality voice acting and art.Rpg elements with lots of items, leveling up and crafting. A big map to explore full of hidden chests and secrets.It also features metroidvania elements.buy and play this game. Choose the ""tough"" difficulty if you are an expirienced player on action games for maximum enjoyment."
76561197991980054,Recommended,236090,23930028,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Flewnd,"This one the First Games I got 100% Achievement!It's a good game, worth every second on it.I bought in Summer Sale but if I knew it was that good I would bought in full price.Anyways about the game:The fluidity of the game is simple perfect . You can choose either straight and ignore or wipe everything.Doesn't have so many bs and impossible bosses or achievements in fact I got 100% in the first run.And Even so i would play it again.The game itself has good soundtrackEnjoyable GraphicsA nice repetitive battle mechanics( if you choose that)NO LOADING SCREENS of 25sec ( you wait at maximum 3~5sec inload game and even suggesting you have bad pc as mineElements of Rpg (Basic stuff)And a Tolerable story ( It s not bad or good. But you will respect it ) (+-)In conclusionGameplay 10/10Graphics 9/10Sountrack 9/10Story 8/10"
76561198043189083,Recommended,236090,15274904,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Milkshake,Furrys/10
,Recommended,236090,16472683,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OxB.Foxmaiden,"OK, let's do this:PROS+ Gameplay+ Beutiful maps+ Nice early and middle history+ Nice dynamics and random environment+ Good feeling characters+ Nice armor-smith system and loot+Mention: Characters of other games+ Edit: Secret LocationsCONS- The late history... A bit unexplainable- Repetitive at some times, and long journeys to the place where you want to go- Saves systems is not to good-Final battle... Well... Simple one...- Edit: There's no option to sell the blueprints that you get, and also, the materials on high quantity!***ThanksEletric_zaxto point some things that i forget (and i agree, of course)!Ok, i really like the game and i recommend, you can purchase without guilty, but take advice, that can be repetitive and, for tough difficult or up, can be really annoying.Go and play!Fox. . ."
76561198086227332,Recommended,236090,13270015,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,That Gray Cartoon Pony,"An unforgettable trip through a fairy world, with lovable characters, and an extremely addictive gameplay. A must-have! :'3"
76561198107877063,Recommended,236090,34151604,Posted: 10 August,all,AmDino,"This game is an honest to god masterpiece.- This games stories a bit weird at first, you get into it and you find yourself loving the chracters.- I recommend picking up this game even at full price, it was such a great and lovely game.- The COMBAT IS EPIC, if you love beat em ups/flashy combat you would love this game.Overall it's just a fantastic game and it's for sure up there with some of the greatest games of all time."
,Not Recommended,236090,21859505,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Dudebro Pyro,"Honestly, if there was a neutral option I'd use it. However, there isn't, and I decided to lean against recommending this game, if only because I feel that, while not bad, the game is certainly highly overrated already.You can read some 12,000 reviews raving about how awesome this is, so let me summarize here why I'm not recommending this game to all my friends like 96% of the other reviewers would have me do:- Gameplay: standard action platformer, really. You gain some extra abilities as you progress; however, they are almost all direct upgrades to a special skill you can perform. To my knowledge, there are no sidegrades (at least none that you get in the first 11 or so hours - I haven't finished the game yet), and all your core abilities and attacks remain the same. The enemies get harder, of course, but since your stats increase too, I haven't felt much of a difficulty curve. There are select few special enemies that can be interesting to fight, but they are found seldom and between each notable encounter, you're going to have to kill hundreds upon hundreds of grunts, super grunts, tough grunts, grunty grunts...- More on gameplay, but regarding the platformer aspect: it really isn't the focus of the game. As such, while there are some instances of interesting level design, most of it just functions as terrain for the fighting. ...And now you see my problem: since the fighting (at least on non-hard difficulties) basically involves repeating a perma-stunlock combination of moves over and over until everything on-screen dies, there isn't much to do in this game.- The story: ah yes, the story. It's what ties the game together; what makes plowing through waves of grunts worth it, to get to the boss battle and get a cutscene and get on with the story. Unfortunately, the story, as far as I have seen it, is highly cliche. I can't really comment on the entire main plotline, since I haven't finished the game, but here's what I have seen:- - - You start in some sacred clearing in a random forest, with amnesia. What an original plot device! I'm sure the game won't be about the main character trying to regain their memories while getting mixed up in a quest they don't understand helping people they don't know, which is actually very much tied into what the character did before losing their memories, only to emerge changed and a better person than they were before!- - - Oh wait, that's exactly what happens.- On the same note as the story, the sidequests are all extremely cliche. You know the usual model of the protagonist just going around, having everyone unload all of their worries on him, and then going to find various monster loot, misplaced keys, and random trivialities that really have no consequence whatsoever in the bigger picture? Yeah, that's exactly how every single sidequest in this game is like. Back when Zelda et al. did it 20 years ago, it was fine, not only because the technology of the time didn't allow anything too complex, but also because a) this particular format hadn't been beated to death yet, and b) there wasn't really much precedent for better quests, so there was nothing to take example from. But this is a 2013 game, it can do better! Or, apparently, not.- This was made by a single person. While some people talk about how this has let them put their all into the game, unhampered by a marketing department or disagreements in the team, etc., in my opinion this also has a downside: there is a limit to the creativity of a single person, and I really feel like a second or third pair of eyes helping develop the game could have only made it better, and a lot of the aforementioned problems stem from this.CONCLUSION: this game is alright. I got it at something like 90% off, and more or less enjoyed the 10 or so hours I put into it. It's definitely not one of those horrible indie games that seem to be built solely for marketing (and screaming ""Look! I'm a new and innovative indie game, unhampered by the conventions of the gaming industry, and I'm definitely not a poorly-executed cash-grabbing attempt!"") and not actual entertainment. But if it's not on sale, I still think it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,24024352,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Spooky Boi,You're a blue furry guy who beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of monsters with a talking sword and a flying bat/cat thing that helps you beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of more monsters with magics.WHAT ELSE COULD YOU NEED A VIDEO GAME?
,Recommended,236090,14814361,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,jspsfx,"A beat em up platformer set in a vibrant, detailed landscape populated by amateurishly drawn anthropomorphic characters.The music and the gameworld illustrations are Dust's strongest elements. Both are soft and airy, but complete in their sound and aesthetic. In these elements the games childish nature is a benefit. The view is colored by imagination, the music dreamy.Where the illustration felt inspired in the backdrops and visual effects, it fell short with character renderings. In this regard the game is rife with inconsistency. Where some character renderings seem polished, other renderings of the same character may seem like they were rushed. At their poorest the characters are drawn with little detail, in strange poses, out of proportion, and filled in with lazy coloring.The aesthetic shortcomings can do harm to suspension of disbelief, which is already made vulnerable by cliche anime tropes and voice acting. The story is paced well, with a likeable protagonist, which helps to ease the parts which are harder to swallow. It's a mixed bag, where the delivery is sometimes charming and then overwhelmingly juvenile.While exploring Dust's beautiful landscapes you will find the odd puzzle sections, treasures, and map areas which are inaccessible without certain abilities - a la metroidvania. The mechanics are fluid and responsive. The sound effects and animations provide useful feedback to usher you through battles with hordes of enemies that provide a comfortable challenge.Dust: An Elysian Tail is enchanting in large visual sections of the game, and so sets itself to disappoint with other elements. The gameplay and story are objectively servicable, but potentially polarizing among different players.I recommend you give it a try."
,Recommended,236090,23928165,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Apples,Furries and Fidget. Nuff said play the game.PS: Check out the blacksmith.
,Recommended,236090,4794479,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Mills,Made me a furry. Ruined my life. 10/10.
,Recommended,236090,32891026,Posted: 27 June,all,LegosCraft,"One of the best games I ever played. This game is ""must have""!"
,Recommended,236090,9173841,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Shiny Charizard,"Amazing soundtrack, great platforming, good writing, good humor. Amazing visuals. Easily one of the best indie games I've seen. I'd highly recommend this game as an immediate purchase. My personal favorite in the Metroidvania genre."
76561198054035702,Recommended,236090,9028361,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Horn To Kill,"Action, adventure, power, ultra combos, a beautiful scenery, artwork, epic music...LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,236090,33074210,Posted: 1 July,all,Dandans0029,"I feel compelled to write a review for this game as I now have carpel tunnel from playing for 9 hours straight. Honestly, it's a beautiful masterpiece, stunning sound and visuals and even better story. The only downfall is that my body can't keep up with the position of the keyboard controls, so I feel that while perfectly playable on a computer keyboard, would be better suited for an X-box controller. I recommend this to anyone and everyone, and had I not bought it for the sale price, I would have paid in full. Never have I had a truly memorable gaming experience (with the occasional yelling at the screen).Pros:- stunning visuals and gameplay- smooth seamless action- great storyline, immersive.- soundtrack is totally worth the money.- Anthropomorphic animals, need I say more?- playable in short bursts and in long sessions without losing interest.-challenging area/ level appropriate monsters and bosses- that rely on combo skill to killCons:- better suited for an x-box controller.- jumping, and movement can be choppy at times when precision is needed.- map has little to no detail of what can be found in that area, besides colour coding areas. (and it's hard to locate sub-terrains within locations)- Can be played through quickly, but not necessarily a bad thing.- possible sesure warnings from (fidget's) abilities and rapid player movement.tl:dr - gud game highly advise that you smash that mother **** buy button :)"
,Recommended,236090,3660196,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Fifth_Quarter,"A truly amazing piece of work, enthralling story and beautiful graphics. I never want it to end"
,Recommended,236090,11404672,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,raycey,"Simply amazing. Loved everything about this game. The art, the story, the creatures, the combat, the easter eggs, everything. Starts off a bit slow and you don't get much of a feel for the story until about two thirds through when it suddenly gets interesting. Very colourful and Dust is a great protagonist imo. Has his demons which is good to see in a hero. The ending got me a little teary but I'm girly like that. Well worth a thorough playthrough. Money very well spent. Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,236090,26430915,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Starship Owl,"This is by no means a children's tale. I came in not knowing other than this page. The reviews are well earned. This story and game fills in some wants I didn't know I had in a metroidvania type of game. Kinda sad I'm currently at 10 hours and 70% through the story, I want more of this."
,Recommended,236090,26204023,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Blue Wing Raven,"This is one of the best games I have played. The art is fantastic, the story is great and original, and the music is good. It is an excellent game, expecially for a game made by one person. I cannot wait for his next work to come out."
76561198058639278,Recommended,236090,34727685,Posted: 3 September,all,Harmless Irish Pokemon,"This Game was absolutely Beautiful.The game is the complete packageFrom the emotional feel you get from talking to the townsfolk, digging through Dust's past, Bonding with fidget as you traverse the lands locating hidden content and items... to chopping through hordes of enemies, combo chaining, and fighting insaine bosses, This game has a little something for everyone.Entertaining storyThe Story was enticing and continuously keeping me on the edge of my seat to see what would happen next. Keeping a steady (and wisely applied) flow of short triggered interactions with your partner, Fidget, to the long and in depth cutscenes that apeared from time to time. Talking with the townsfolk and having choices as to your responces made the story imersive in every way.Visually = 10/10The animation style was memorable and alwasy pleasing to look at. And you don't necessarily have to be into the ""Furry Fandom"" to enjoy these characters. Everything from the environment around you to the character animations is done with utter beauty.OVER ALL... the game is a remarkable work of art. Check out IGN's Review to get a better look at the overall details, but I personallly would recomend this game to many gamers."
76561198079407686,Recommended,236090,31178631,Posted: 16 April,all,KnightenGale,"First off, this game is beautiful.Second off, combat is pretty simple, but also a lot of fun. (Click ALL the mouse buttons!)Third off, the story is engaging.Fourth off, Fidget is best sidekick.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,236090,24298044,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Vagabond251,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a wonderful take on the standard ""Metroidvania"" formula. You have a large world map that you can openly explore (or travel around with nifty waypoints) much like in Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. Throughout your adventure you'll visit a variety of different locations, level up your character, and meet a variety of different characters. While the voice acting is satisfactory at best, the combat, graphics, and soundtrack are all phenomenal.The first item that must be discussed is the art style. While it's not as active and vibrant as other 2D games (like Rayman Origins or Rayman Legends) it still is beautiful enough to hold it's own. Everything has a hand-drawn look to it and the animation is fantastic.Combat is another area where the game excels. You're given a talking sword as your main weapon but receive several upgrades and combos to fool around with so combat doesn't get stale. Having the option to counter enemies in a 2D game is always a great addition as well.Getting 100% for this game wasn't particularly difficult. Most are story related and there are a few missable achievements if I recall but nothing too difficult. Overall it was a very fun game to 100% and quite satisfying as well.I would highly recommend Dust: An Elysian Tail to any Metroidvania fans or 2D side-scrolling fans in general. It's a fun game that looks great and plays very well.8.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,11567096,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,RTGame | That Irish TF2 Guy,"For those on the fence about getting this, Dust is a Metroidvania style brawler set to a beautiful soundtrack and fantastic animation. Anthropomorphic animals may be a problem for some people since this is the internet- but you'd be missing out on a great game. There's about 10 hours of content in here too - pretty good considering the price. If you enjoyed Super Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, then you'll find a lot here. The combat in particular feels very fresh, and I'd say is more engaging than the systems in those two games.  In the future, I can see this game being considered a classic of its time. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,236090,9370557,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Mr.2k9,"Finally finish this game with all achievement unlock after 51 hours. so here is my review.GET THIS GAME NO MATTER WHAT THE PRICE!! Its freaking worth it even at full price.pro:- Fidget is super funny.- combat system easy to execute and feel smooth and fluid. Parrying with sword is nice with some slo-mo effect.- fantastic control on Xbox 360 Controller and even on keyboard though i prefer controller for platforming games.- okish story line i guess.- lots of side questing, treasure hunts and friends to rescue.- beautiful hand drawn scenery.- Cheap. the game itself worth more than most AAA game you can buy.con:- even on hardcore, sometime it just feel easy especially when you upgrade to the most powerful armor and weapon.- wish the cutscenes is of better quality."
,Recommended,236090,22683701,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Deine Angst,"The story, RPG and combat system are simple, but awsum graphics and voice acting make this game a wunderbar fairy tail for those who are tired of pathos AAA projectsAnd another thing...GIMME DA ELYSIAN TAIL CARTOON ALREADY"
,Recommended,236090,8035222,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Denied Benjamin,"How good this game was really surprised me, it's a really cool platformer.The combat is fluid, everything is easy to understand. And eventhough you only have one weapon through the entire game, it doesn't really matter as you can do a couple of moves and have your friend, Fidget, attack as well. The acting in this is alright, the story is honestly a bit meh to me. Your sidekick Fidget is either going to annoy the hell out of you or be adorable - to me she was adorable.I also really love the artstyle of this game, which surprised me a lot since I'm not too into anime. It's really beautiful and unique, not the kind of game that I'd normally play. The game is a bit short though, I finished the main questline in about roughly 13 hrs, to complete the entire game it'd probably take about 16-17 hrs. All in all, I'd recommend this game. Would I pay full price for it though? Probably not, due to the short amount of gameplay. But if it comes on sale again, I'd definitely pick it up if I were you."
,Recommended,236090,8953355,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Cimitri,Excellent game with a captivating story and wonderful characters! A must play!!!
,Recommended,236090,10049017,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dark Cocoa Daddy,"This game is some good fun. Side scrolling, scrolling the sides, yep. Beating things up. And some nice metriod-vania style platforming. Though there is the downside of this game catering to furries. If only I could read properly, I believed the title was ""Dust: An Elysian Trail"" until the moment I turned it on. Overall, furbait aside, it's pretty fun to play through."
,Recommended,236090,6810172,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Tails The Fox,"This is one of the most fantastic and artistically fascinating games I've ever played! The music, even the common songs, have left me in awe from inspiration! There is a great sense of beauty in this game, within the art, storyline, music, and really, everything! There are sad times, happy times, and fearsome times, and they really give you a bond with the characters. The characters are very likeable, many of them are very memorable. They give a great impact on the story, as well as on the player.I have replayed this game time and time again, but yet it still feels so crisp and fresh, and very entertaining. I really love the way this game has an undeniable charm, and I'd recommend it to anyone! My thanks to the developers for making this masterpiece, because it is one of the best of its kind, and it remains to be incredibly unique and intricately made."
76561198048793901,Recommended,236090,23341188,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Gryphon,"I love love love love love this game! <3I played through this game twice with a gap in between of about a year, and when I played through it for the second time I fell in love all over again.The story is amazing not to mention the gameplay.  The controls are quick and easy to learn (I used an Xbox controller).Through beautifully made backdrops, from dark caverns to fiery mountains, you will journey through the world as Dust discovers about who he is.  This was my first side scroller game and I have loved every second of it, (apart from a few frustrating moments, which are still super satisfying when you succeed!).100% recommend this game!"
76561198067897770,Recommended,236090,11816693,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,CrayonsAndCucumbers,"This game is amazingly fun to play though some aspects were a bit tedious. The combat is fun, and this game really should be played with a controller. The references to other indie games was neat, and unlocking them was crazy satisfying. The soundtrack was also great. I gotta say though, the knockback distance is really ridiculous, and often irritating. You also have to backtrack a lot, which is something I dont mind, but not everyone out there likes that kinda thing.  The voice acting was a little bit over the top, and personally, the character designs, personalities and art style doesnt really float my boat. I still completed the entire game though, (I think it was 117%?) and I really did enjoy it."
,Recommended,236090,11967742,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Sfenneke,"amazing game with great story, which really pulls you in. Well worth it's price"
76561198005806545,Recommended,236090,12019359,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,sunnysurfer101MA,"This was the best game I had played in a long time.The gameplay was fun, the characters stick in your head (in a good way,) and the story.....best part of this game.I will not spoil it for you guys at all, play this game for yourself if you're interested. Also, if you hate this game because of its furry artstyle, you really need to get your head checked."
,Recommended,236090,10974993,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Warui | Agr0z,"Really fun hack 'n' slash, smooth combos and a good 10~12 hours of gameplay (did on the ""Tough"" mode, so yeah... On ""Normal"" it should be a bit faster!) plus some sidequests!  And the game rewards those who like to explore every map (like myself) looking for treasures, and i love that! :DCheap, fun, good soundtrack and with a pretty interesting story and enjoyable characters (gotta love Fidget!) who develop quite nicely as you advance in chapters!I recommend this game! :)"
76561198085772832,Recommended,236090,7089328,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,L-chan,"....Go play it.Do it NOW.Lucien Dodge, you frickin' rock."
,Recommended,236090,11076131,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Pyro;Socks,Verdict: Buy it.Positives:+Very fun rompy game+Lots of secrets to explore+Interesting story+Beautiful scenery and music+Decent combatNegatives:-Combat can be easily cheesed-Not too challenging on easier difficulties-Some secrets are a bit too unfairly hiddenOverall I'd very much reccomend it.
,Recommended,236090,33232255,Posted: 4 July,all,Shadowray,Purchased game on sale. Game sat in steam library for 6 months. Plays game out of boredom. Immediately regrets last 6 months not playing game.
,Recommended,236090,28122908,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Confused Fox,"Actually, it is really cool game. Have both good gameplay, which is combination of RPG slasher and platformer (it is like 2d dark souls when you play on harcore). And deep story line (yep it is linear but who cares) which makes me cry at the end.So here is my marks:Gameplay: 9/10 (almost perfect)Plot: 9/10 (deep and emotional drama)Graphics: 9/10 (eye pleasing toon graphict with smooth animation)Humor: 9/10  (Thanks to Fidget)Sound: 9/10 (Great soundtrack + nicely voiced characters)Conclusion: would totally recommend to play."
76561198059865918,Recommended,236090,33149560,Posted: 2 July,all,破滅 | Bane,"If you like:1) Kingdom Hearts2) Shonen anime3) Furriesthen you will love this game. Beautiful hand-drawn graphics, a cutesy, sometimes-funny-sometimes-dramatic save-the-world story, and ARPG beatemup action with horizontal progression that will have you revisiting areas over and over to find every secret. If you love Kingdom Hearts but are tired of Square's BS, this will scratch that itch for you."
,Recommended,236090,1834496,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Jaezel,"This game is a truly amazing piece of work.  Its story is compelling, engaging, and touching on many levels; the art is beautiful and brilliant in every area, never once lowering in quality.  Every second of this game made me want more and more of it right up to the climax, and I can't wait to see what he makes in the future!  References to other games abound, but never do they go overboard or make the game any less enjoyable, remaining subtle enough they're easy to overlook at first, then that 'ah-HAH' moment makes it all worthwhile.  I cannot recommend this game enough for anyone who enjoys platformers and terrific story."
76561197964473365,Recommended,236090,22542138,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Merry_Man,"I just got this game, and it is pretty phenomenal.  Great music, gameplay, story line, and some humorous moments.  It's refreshing to see that they still make some great games, in this world of repackaged remakes!  Great Metroidvania title!"
76561198118604066,Recommended,236090,22528728,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,tony_cannoli,Absolutely fantastic game I can't believe one man made this alone it's a testament to the fact that we need to give game developers the freedom to make a game they're passionate about
76561198174805702,Recommended,236090,26108281,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ShadowLastLight,"Very few games have kept me this interested into the storyline, and it's no joke that the controls are easy to learn but hard to master. The game sets you off very nice and easy, making an almost perfect transition from area to area while you learn more and more. And as you get farther, the story only gets more interesting. Maybe the animations in cutscenes were the smoothest, but it's still utterly beautiful!I'd honestly have to say the only, the ONLY problem I had with the game, was how challenging the game came to on the final boss. It was like playing a game on the easiest difficulty all the way through and then trying to kill the final boss on the hardest difficulty just to see what would happen. The final boss was just very hard. But it was still an epic ending to such a beautiful game.I rate this 9.5/10, it is definitely worth $15!"
,Recommended,236090,9094345,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Soapface,"Not long time ago, in not a far away galaxy, Dean Dodrill creates a beautiful game, with little fairy story - Dust: an Elysian Tail.We playing as Dust, creature with 2 souls and speaking sword. He has a companion - Fidget, little cute nimbat. Dust should pass hard bloody path in which revealed the mystery of his identity.Gameplay is pretty simple: kill the enemies, complete the quests, open the treasure chests, lift up your level, collect and buy useful items. And all of it accompanied really beautiful graphics and soundtrack. I can spend many hours looking at the characters and background, Dean make a really great game, I love it.But the game is very short, bosses are easy to beat (even the General Gaius, last of them) and battles with monsters eventually makes you bored (monsters respawn, when you get back at the section of level).My verdict: if you like side-scrollers, furries and want to play as a character with amnesia, this game is your choise! Buy it, you will hardly be disappointed."
76561198214547393,Recommended,236090,34962097,Posted: 14 September,all,JonnyVSGaming,An amazing game from being created by 1 person. Graphics are great and battles are amazing. Story line is really good especially with the whole mystery behind Dust. Honest 10/10 from me
76561198080646214,Recommended,236090,16592256,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PiraTeCepTioN,"I already knew it was a good game by the time that I got it on steam but it goes far beyond my expectations! It's amazing! Since Valdis Story i didn't find another one with great game progression, challenges and all. Well, this is what I was looking for. Definetely a thumbs up!"
,Recommended,236090,9617088,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,JayEm,"Oh my lord. This has to be one of the best action platformers I've ever played. And made mainly by a single guy in 3 years makes it even more impressive. Everyone should experience this game, it's visuals, it's music, it's great controls (which are even better with a controller) and, oh my god, the story just drags you right along.Dean Dodrill, I tip my hat to you and anxiously wait for possible sequel."
,Recommended,236090,10165748,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Zardonic,"One of the most captivating stories I've seen in most metroidvania style games. Well, this isn't 100% Metroidvania but it sure comes close enough. The voice acting is amazing aswell. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,236090,10169945,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Floofys,"I love MetroidVania type games. You start out weak, but as you progress, you get more powers to play with and more strength, and you can go back to enemies that gave you trouble early on and give them what-for.Dust: An Elysian Tail pulls that off really well. The game gives you a robust combo system to fight with from the start, so you don't have to wait 5 hours to really feel epic. The gameplay in general is such that every fight feels mostly fair, since with some finesse you can combo your way to victory.As for the art style, I can say it's not for everyone. I quite enjoyed the whimsical nature, but it's probably not for everyone.The one problem that I had is that it's really short. You could burn through it in 6-8 hours, and it has little replayability, since you explore pretty much the entire map by the end. Completionists would have a bit more, but I left wanting more."
,Recommended,236090,22460061,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Selver,"One of the best arcade style games I've played. Complete with an amazing blend of skill and button mashing.Dust: An Elysian Tailhas interesting characters, involving story, and rewarding combos.If you are willing to look past the nearimpossiblebattles that can take hours to get right, then you should definiantly pick upDust: An Elyssian Tail"
76561198017469293,Recommended,236090,34037200,Posted: 5 August,all,Trypl Ej,"Fidget / Furry - Would spin again!Everything about this game is just marvelous... Character and level design, voice acting, dialogues, environments, soundtrack, story, combat and progression systems, also its great mixture of humor and seriousness. All of that and many other things together are creating a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,236090,9153132,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Czaros,"Here's a game that made it into my top favorite games of all timeDust have been (aside from voice acting, soundtrack and parts of the story) fully developed by Dean Dodrill, both programming and graphics.Speaking of graphics, the game looks fantastic. The drawn graphics are even more beautiful than Rayman Legends.The music is wonderful. HyperDuck Studios did a very good job at creating those long, varied tracks. The voice acting is good, not the best out there but good.The game is a mix of action, platforming and RPG and it works really well. The combat is quite simple, but fun. The exploration is fun too. There are quite a few sidequests as well. The gameplay works really well, and the fact it was programmed by a single person is simply impressive.The story is enjoyable and quite well-written. The character are likeable. Despite the quite serious tone, there's a lot of humour and even some references to other games (like that stupid tornado thing from Castlevania 2). The game is a little short, but if you're a completionist and want to clear everything, it might take about 15-20 hours, otherwise... about 10.Dust: An Elysian Tail is a wonderful indie game, really worth its price.Pros: Graphics, Music, Fun Gameplay, FidgetCons: A little too short"
76561197971021986,Recommended,236090,25451080,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,uni1313,Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2D action-RPG platformer. It reminds me of games we had on the SNES-console. The game is almost completely programmed by one person.You play a character named Dust and you’re suffering from memory loss. You partake in different quest to find out the truth about yourself.It’s an action game that’s best played with a controller (I played it with an Xbox One wired controller).The graphics are beautiful and look hand drawn and are nicely animated. The game has good sound effects and music. The story is fully voiced with good voice-acting.With the experience points that you gather while fighting and completing quests you can level Dust and craft new items. While completing the levels you gain new abilities.It took me 14 hours to complete the game. Replay ability comes from completing all the quest and difficulty modes.The game supports 2560*1080 resolution.I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,236090,4262746,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Еб*л вас в рот. Ант,"Госспади,эта игра...БЕСПОДОБНА!!!!!!Она просто невероятна,в ней велликолепно ВСЁ-геймплей,атмосфера,персонажи и СЮЖЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕТ,он ах.енен,пожалуй это втрая игра за всю мою жизнь,где он не просто для галочки и держит тебя в напряжении напротяжении всей игры.100 из 10"
,Recommended,236090,12621052,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,שלום,"This game is awesome.Awesome.Yeah, awesome.Dont believe me?I give no sh*tStill think it's awesome.Awesomeness everywhere.Good day."
,Recommended,236090,16647835,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sen-mithrarin,"a pearl on steamamazing artwork and story (thank you dean, i appreciate your timeless masterpiece)back to the roots of multicolored 2D sidescroller hack and slash jump and run one man show with a fidget on his side, the bearer of a talking sword and a touch of RPG elements combined with gorgeous multiple combo special effects using the whole environment. please note that this title is not a challange like modern blockbuster so therefore the gameplay is not really complex, but not too easy at all to enjoy this journey.i absolutely recommand this game, but only to steam gamers who like the genre otherwise you won't be happy with. i bought it in the latest summer sale and after I finished it, I won't play it again but for the price of 2,79 € it's really worth it.8.5/10"
76561198018507699,Recommended,236090,7828796,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jackstyle,"It's a beautiful action roleplaying game. You play Dust, a Warrior without memory of itself. He finds the Blade of Ahrah, a sentient sword, which leads Dust to his Destiny, purging the world of Falana from evil Monsters and General Gaius and his powerful troops, to head up into a future of peace. This game has a good gameplay, which makes fun. I especially like the music of this game, it's just gorgeous. :)"
76561198022820771,Recommended,236090,12020629,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6TLFbmYsrA&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpADust, An Elysian Tale is an actionplatformer in a MetroVania style.The game follows a character searchingfor clues to his past, as he travelsthrough a country and helps its'citizens.The art style is beautiful and unique,the UI is clean and efficient, thecrafting system is balanced, and themerchants scale their gear as oneprogresses through the story.The platforming elements in the gameis balanced well and functions as anaddition to the game, as opposed totaking precedence over other aspects.As the player progresses through thegame, they face a variety of monstersand atmospheres, keeping gameplay frombecoming monotonous.The combat is fluid, and respects theplayers strengths and weaknesses inits' available techniques.  The leveldesign is done in such a way as to givethe player options in how they getfrom point to point without seeminglinear, which adds to the enjoymentand variety of the game.Bottom line, the game is very fair; itsfluidity offers a sense of power to theplayer, and it respects your time. Ican easily recommend this game.For more details, see the linked video review, as this is a basicsummary of what I cover in my video.Thanks for your viewership and support for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198074459003,Recommended,236090,19018309,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Just Vegas,"I don't now, what to say about this game it is... it is... the best game i've ever play! 10/10+ Best combat system(for me)+Beautiful hand-draw world and characters+RPG elements+The best heart-touching story-... This game has no minusesIt's worth to play this game!"
76561198064642386,Recommended,236090,27353286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LupisVolk,"I may not have much time here. But i brought this when it forst came to the Xbox 360.It's a metrovania game with anthropomorphic animals as the citizens of this world. Now to many this is a big turn off but i think it allows for greater story telling because your not constrained by human normailty.This game is solid, runs well and the story is lengdary.Sound track is wonderful."
76561197994873491,Recommended,236090,20368508,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Gangrer,"To be honest, this is one of the best games I've ever played so far.Initially, I was rather skeptical of how this game will appeal to me as I was never a big fan of hack & slash games and the slow and mundane plot in the first few minutes almost confirmed my suspicion. Thankfully, things caught up quickly and soon I found myself lost in the world of Dust.The artworks and soundtracks used in this game are top-notch from the start to the end. I thoroughly enjoyed the aesthetical aspects of the game and I applaud the developers for putting their efforts. The story as a whole was excellent and the characters are among one of the best written ones I've seen.You'd need to play this with a gamepad though as playing on a keyboard may not be ideal in numerous fights and can give a different (or perhaps  a less enoyable) experience as a result. Anyway, there is also a pretty good variety of combat skills to choose from and you will be able to use them in various situations such as searching for treasures or going against different enemies. It's a rather big world out there so do try to explore all parts of the map.The only negative I could think of were the lags during the cutscenes. I've already experienced it twice during my playthrough and I had to reload a save and complete the level/fights again to watch the cutscene once more. Not a potential game-breaker but they can be annoying.In a nutshell, I highly recommend people to try this game out. I got it during the sale so it was definitely worth the money. However, even without any discounts, its price is still rather acceptable for a game of its calibre. An amazing game that will give you a whole lot to think about when you play it.Ashes to ashes, dust to dust!"
76561198087840047,Recommended,236090,25105929,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mad_as_a_Hatter,You don't even have to be a furry to love this game!.....But it would probably help.
,Recommended,236090,8866581,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Lucathegreat,"Beautiful, fun to play, with an unique style and a mature plot despite the ""cartoon"" characters.Probably one of the best Indie games of the year and a true example of how a metroidvania should be done."
76561198060941569,Recommended,236090,10212079,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Slousberry,Best indie game i've played on steam
,Recommended,236090,10197910,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Bishop the Black,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a game that by this point in time really shouldn't need any introduction. The game has won multiple rewards, received much praise, and delighted many gamers, but how well does it hold up to all that hype?In my opinion, very well, Admittedly the game does have its flaws, but when you stop to think about the fact that the vast majority of the game was made by one man, said flaws become much more forgivable. That said, the only note-worthy flaw with Dust: An Elysian Tail is the story, as it is rather generic. That's not to say that it's bad, but it's certainly nothing that you haven't heard before. However, that doesn't prevent Dust: An Elysian Tail from being a highly entertaining gaming experience. While the story may not be all that fresh, it does still manage to be entertaining, thanks mostly to Fidget, who will be your faithful companion throughout the game. You may have heard certain folks compare Fidget to Navi from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, but I have no idea where they're drawing that comparison from. Fidget isn't some annoying creature with no purpose but to point out the painfully obvious and pester you every 5 minutes by reminding you of what you should be doing to advance the plot, but a fully realized and fleshed-out character with lots of humorous dialog. Without Fidget, Dust: An Elysian Tail would be far less entertaining in the story department, but thanks to her and her dialog/commentary, Dust's story becomes far more interesting.Gameplay-wise, Dust: An Elysian Tail is more or less your standard ""Metroidvania"" fare, with side-scrolling action, lots of areas to explore, platforming, you know the drill. However, Dust: An Elysian Tail also has RPG elements, such as stats, a Level Up System, Magic, loot, crafting, and items that will increase your stats. Granted that Castlevania: Symphony of the Night also had RPG elements, but Dust's feel a bit deeper than that, more in line with games like Muramasa: The Demon Blade than SotN, albeit the combat isn't quite as deep as Muramasa.Graphics-wise, Dust: An Elysian Tail is beautiful game. All of the visuals were hand-drawn by Dean Dodril (the game's creator) himself, and they're gorgeous. However, words alone can't do it justice at all, so take a peek at the Screenshots and see for yourself.Sound-wise, Dust: An Elysian Tail is beautiful as well. Hyperduck Studios did an excellent job on this game's soundtrack, and they really deserve more recognition for their work. Every bit of music in this game hits its mark, perfectly reflecting what's going on in the game around it.There's really not much more that I can tell you about the game, it's really something that you'll have to experience yourself. At $14.99, the game is well worth it, and I'm sure that you won't regret it."
,Recommended,236090,8578017,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,✰✰➯@ℓℨ✖❕$↩✰✰,"Wow, i really wasn't expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did. It grabbed me and didn't let go until i was done with a 100% progress. Even finding all the secrets which i never tend to do in games was so much fun and a real blast. Well worth the asking price and if you're like me and decided to go completionist on this one. The game will last around 15+hrs. Really well done and polished game with some great animations and combat. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,10305351,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,♥Yahto♪,"So after 2 and a half years of development, we'd finally get this game: Dust: An Elysian tail.And please tell me if you get the gabe newell reference, but this game was worth the wait in every way.Throughout the game, i'd search for plotholes and flawed gameplay mechanics, and needsly to say, i couldn't find any.Dust's controls are the opposite of stiff. The game is really responsive to controls, and it leads to some fun platforming and fast-paced gameplay. And while this game does have a rush bros disease of slow walking and fast rolling, I had an easy time ignoring it to the game's combat.Not only are you given a however small variety of attacks to dish out pain with, there's loads of combos that you can test yourself to execute and memorize with your keyboard, and you get rewarded for each combo. Not only do you get extra experience, you also get achivements, and your enemies of course die faster. While that does sum it up, this game also has its way of disapointment.At the beginning of the game, you're given the blade of Ahrah, Fidget, And dus'ts glorious control to utilize and THATS. IT.Later in the game, you're informed ahrah is only ONE of the blades of elysium; Why couldnt we find and use the others? I wouldve liked more variety than just being stuck with 2 weapons to use. Fidget got more than one mode of attacking, why cant we?Gameplay aside, the graphics, which are hand drawn by the way look GLORIOUS. They dont cause any eyestrain and there isnt a spam of color palette like rush bros had. The game is really pretty to look at and i hope you buy it for that reason.Now, lets go to the plot. In the beginning you see an unknown warrior charging through a variety of people for an unknown reason, and later find out he's killed by a child. In the next scene, you see our main character, dust, kneeling in the middle of an unknown forest.This is the game's first point of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. You know why? THERES NO REAL CUTSCENES UNTIL NEAR THE END OF THE GAME. Otherwise, all you get is pictures that might as well mimic a slideshow along with text, it really made me depressed toward how such good artwork was put to waste.Anyway, we're introduced to our 3 protagonists, dust, fidget, and the blade of ahrah, which as i said earlier is the main weapon you'll be using throughout the game. We then see that dust has forgotten his past and that he summoned ahrah for yet another unknown reason. Dust doesnt even know why he did it, but he chooses to ignore it and go on a quest to find out more of his past, kill a bunch of racist knights, and simply bring justice where justice is needed with the help of fidget and the blade of ahrah.This is why i like indie games like this, they keep the plot simple and fast to keep the player wanting to play their game. You might call it lazy, but it works.So after all that said, I do like this game for a variety of reasons, (One i'd rather not say) And also, I think that this game has perfect potential and setup for a sequel. If there were a game called Dust 2 (No pun intended), I really hope they'd keep what made this game good and add onto it."
76561197965521837,Recommended,236090,26726518,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mugsy,"To me, this is a passion project game born, but made in the wrong time in a way.If it we're made during the Jazz Jackrabbit time, where it was cool to be a furry animal blasting people, without thinking about people dressing up as furry animals and jacking off to the idea, this wouldn't be a thing to even think about, and to enjoy the game for what it is.If you still choose to enjoy the game for what it is, and not think about the stigmata of it being somehow related to anything furry involving rabbits, you will find the result of a one-man project. And, this game is pretty damn good.You play as a fella named Dust, who has amnesia, and you are aided by a weird winged creature that guarded a talking sword that you now own, after it came to you. With that information in mind, you are supposed to figure out what happened to you, and what to do as you go on your journey.The game itself is pretty damn simple and good, and the secrets, although few, are either are well hidden (especially the indie darling group), or require a powerup later on in the game.Overrall, It's a pretty simple exploration game that deserves a playthrough."
,Recommended,236090,12058916,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,RoninYeti,"After playing video games (both on consoles and home computers) for over 27 years, it's not very often I come across a game that actually impresses me; Dust: An Elysian Tail just so happened to surprisingly become one of those experiences.  I'm not going to rate this game on a 10-scale, or point out its cons and pros, or even give you a play by play of the game mechanics, story, etc, etc.  No, just know this: if you were born in the 80's or early 90's (because of nostalgia) and like atmospheric, approachable yet challenging, heart-tugging, and inspiring games (because this game was basically made by one dude!), then you will be ever-so grateful that you picked up this unique treasure!"
,Recommended,236090,1534170,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Synkora (Hogulus),"It's a gorgeous, moving, clever, and often funny work of art, AND a very very fun game.  The animation and artwork are fantastic, making you feel like you're playing an animated movie; the (fully voice-acted) dialogue is well-written and tells the story effectively, and the gameplay is a thoroughly explorable Metroidvania-style experience, with a combo-based combat system that allows you to either engage small groups of enemies with parries and suplexes, or sweep across a room, moving from group to group to bombard them with magic and spinning slashes (or both at once).  Gameplay pacing is done well, navigation is done well, all the ""little things"" are done as well as the ""big things.""  I'm only about halfway through it, and the only complaint I've had was one particular room filled with spikes that was a pain to escape.  Amazingly, it was mostly done by one person,I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,236090,8381682,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,elli-mental,This in an awesome game I love it
,Recommended,236090,8388774,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,"Chopman, The Desperate Outlaw","Phenomenal game. Very fun gameplay, good story, great characters, beautiful art, stellar voice acting, excellent music... there's not much bad I can say about it."
76561197971335985,Recommended,236090,10084752,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,AKIRA,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is beautifully animated, the controls are tight and combat is fun. I recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,3278654,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,ShDust,"By far one of the best indie game I've ever played. So good that it goes straight to my all-time favorite games.Everything in this game is perfect or pretty near it (I catched one or two graphic glitchs but other than that it ran just fine). The story is good, the gameplay is almost flawless (your out of combat soeed could be a little faster) and the voice acting is one of the best ever. EVER! The voice  actors are so good I would never guess this was an indie game. And for a port you have so many options on the menu that some AAA games don't even care about. If you play this you will love it. and you will love Fidget. If you don't we can't be friends (sorry :/). Now of to buy the soundtrack because it's damn worthy of a purchase!"
76561198028575628,Recommended,236090,8987167,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Silverthorn,"Pros: Fun hack & slash, graphics that aren't trying to be ""retro"", challenging, not a minecraft clone.Cons: the fans that draw ugly fanart of this game.8 out of 10, good game."
,Recommended,236090,462791,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Jim2point0,"Easily amongst the top 5 games I've played in 2013. This game is fun and addicting. After I quit, I find myself wanting to go back 5 minutes later. The combat is extremely fluid and responsive. There's lots to do. Much to explore. Amazing music, art style, voice acting...GIT IT"
,Recommended,236090,9150844,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kouga Wolf 選択の運命,"As I got into this game, I knew it had a ""furry"" style to it but I didn't let that hinder my view on it. I honestly enjoyed this game, there were tons of quests which were optional and slightly different play styles as well as really fun achievements to go for. I will admit that the ending to me felt kinda off... the voice acting kinda dropped near the end but still it was a fun game and I am honestly glad I played it."
76561198052698989,Recommended,236090,11242874,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hussain,Really nice game. Worth buying
,Recommended,236090,6583772,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Nyxdorf,"Damn it. Dean Dodrill, you're the man. That's all I have to say after that ending. Peace."
,Recommended,236090,23093880,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Scalene,"Breathtaking.Music, art, story, atmosphere... 10/10.Combat is pretty satisfying, though I wouldn't suggest playing on the higher difficulties.For me, this is a one-and-done game. I don't see a ton of replayability. That said, this was one of my best gaming experiences ever."
,Recommended,236090,14799216,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Fantastic in several ways. There's not much bad to say here, flowing combat, great visuals, and a great soundtrack. Story hits themes seen before but does them in a way that  makes it feel new. All in all, a good time.For more information and gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDSdXJezatQ"
76561198138814634,Recommended,236090,25486922,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Aramen37,"I can definitely say that Dust has earned a place in the Indie hall of fame. I played both Ori and Undertale at around the same time that I played Dust, and all three have shown their own love of story, characters, and gameplay that can be very difficult to find in other developers' arsenals. Dust is one of the best games I've ever played, and especially up there with the rest of the amazing indies."
,Recommended,236090,29893736,Posted: 12 February,all,Emberoth,"Great game, the art style is nice, the story is great and the gameplay is fun and as complicated as you want it to be (you can just hack and slash your way through the story, or you can go for combo attacks etc.)A good game well worth it's asking price, and if you find it on sale you would be a fool not to check it out."
,Recommended,236090,11932996,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Pasukaru,"Cool Story, cool characters. (Fidget is awesome!)Don't hesitate to buy it. I bought it while it was 80% off, but it's still worth every cent.I finished it on medium in about 11 hours with a level of 41 and a few sidequests remaining.Hardcore is worth its name. Bosses tend to 1-hit you and small creeps still finish you off in 2-3 hits, giving you a real challenge. Dodging will be most important which results in Aerial Dust Storm becoming your best friend."
,Recommended,236090,11466160,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,I like chicken,"Dust has truly captivated me. Not only the character but the game as a whole.Dust as a character is a young man struggling with his past, present and future. He wakes up not being able to remember who he is or how he got there, thus starting a journey in the search of those lost memories. Sounds quite cliche, but it has been fabulously executed, exceeding my story-related expectatives.Dust as a game is impressive. The story is simple but deep, everything you do and everyone you meet have something to do in this game, the backgrounds and BGM are breathtaking and the gameplay is intuitive and absolutely great. Even the english dubbing has been properly done. The various side quests it includes (Cirelian Trials, secondary missions, finding treasures and friend cages, finding materials for building your own equipment, etc) add up to the game experience.A must-play game. Give it a try and you'll be fascinated by the beauty it holds."
,Recommended,236090,10930825,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tometroidxps,"First of all, it is mind blowing how smooth this game plays. It has the feel of a professionally made game by a well known team. If you enjoy action rpg in somewhat of the style of ""Metroidvania"" Castlevania game, then this game is for you. If you act now(at the time that I'm typing this), you can get the game for only 3 dollars. It is a steal for how well made this game is. Plenty of action, material to collect to make new items, quests to do for npcs, etc.The only issue I've had so far was the game crashing on me upon going to the world map to chose a new area to go to. It doesn't always happen. I suspect it will be resolved at some point, and it isn't too gamebreaking, as long as you save often. I am thorough pleased with my purchase of this game, and I highly recommend it to anyone else that enjoys these type of games.Edit: It should be noted that the crashes on world map only happened the first two times I tried to go on it. It has been fine after that, So it was probably just my comp, since I was on it for a while.Edit2: Having finished the game, I may have some minor nitpicks, but nothing major. Mostly the artwork in the final scenes looked odd with the eyebrows and eyes going through the hair. It makes it look out of place, compared to how professional everything else looked. Other than that, this game has been really solid all the way through.Touching story, and leaving the door open for a sequel. I've had a blast, and I still gotta play this game through again on a harder setting at some point and finish up what is left of the achievements. I probably would have paid the original price. But hey, this is on steam, so 3 dollars was really nice for the amount of fun I've had with this game."
76561198053353013,Recommended,236090,5639873,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,MegaGravity,"If you like a game with a samurai like character, an awesome sword, and crazy battles this is the game you're looking for!"
,Recommended,236090,10237693,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Chocolate,Amazin'.
,Recommended,236090,48575,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,WolfWings,"Have you ever played Castlevanie: Symphony of the Night? This game is very much like that, a brawling adventure with over-the-top weapons, capped w/ a good RPG element and beautiful hand-drawn graphics.You can smash through it with a handful of moves, but which handful of moves you need at any given time changes depending on the enemies you're facing, so it doesn't get artificially stale mid-way through like many brawlers do."
76561198045678298,Recommended,236090,24997285,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MechaSay,Found this to be an enjoyable game with a pleasing aesthetic design. I was drawn in by the animation and had fun playing and learning the different skills. The storyline was also interesting. Definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,236090,3973975,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,EE Should Retire From Dota,"It’s absolutely artwork! The music, the art style, the voice acting, the gameplay, are all balanced together to form a masterpiece. The gameplay is fantastic; there will never be a dull moment, even when playing on a mouse and keyboard! You will not be disappointed."
76561198019294995,Recommended,236090,21945126,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ritavu,"A short, beautiful game that tells an unexpectedly satisfying, meaningful story. As a platforming beat-em-up, it's not particularly difficult or complex, but the strong vocal performances propel the game forward in an immersive, compelling way. Upgrades and new abilities are well-paced throughout, allowing you to choose whether you'd like to keep pushing forward, or backtrack for hidden treasures. I will separately note that the musical score is also extremely strong, with Hyperduck providing BGM that is memorable and very much a pleasure to listen to.With so many games featuring a laundry-list of tacked-on features or grindy content filler, it is refreshing to play an exploration game that gets to the point by focusing on its core competencies, and does them well. This game was recommended to me, and I now recommend it to you."
76561198121325933,Recommended,236090,11518262,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gem,"This is a game that knows exactly what it wants to be and delivers it in style. A straightforward, side-scrolling platformer with simple button-mashing combo-style hack n' slash combat, pretty graphics, and a relatively interesting storyline. It's got a very stereotypical anime-esque appearance, but there's beauty in the simplicity of the game. It's extremely well developed, easy to pick up and play, and nicely eyecatching. The animation is wonderfully smooth, with very subtle background effects, and a wide variety of environments to move through as you open up more of the wider map.I tend to think of this game as being a bit simple, but it's a work of art and it's hard to believe that it was entirely the product of one person. It must have been a labour of love, and that effort shows through. Dust is an interesting character and, almost despite myself, I became engrossed in his story and the way in which it unfolded. I was expecting something very basic and repetitive as this is a 2D platformer I bought during the sale, mainly because I'm a sucker for pretty artwork in games. I didn't expect much beyond a couple of hours of simple gameplay and levelling up a few times before polishing off a boss and ending the game all in time for tea.A week later, after running through the game twice (I upped the difficulty level the second time around) and earning all of the achievements, proved me totally wrong. At first I was skeptical; I found the characters to be a little bit twee and stereotypical, but as they and the story line developed I got hooked. It's suitable for all ages so don't expect any gore or adult themes, but there's a certain appeal in the innocence of the game; it's certainly not boring, and there are enough challenges and changes to keep you interested despite the fairly repetitive nature of platform gaming. It may appear cartoonish but there are some serious moral themes discussed and life lessons to be learnt. Picking up new abilities throughout the game gets you returning to previous maps to complete things you couldn't do earlier in the game, which nicely prevents it from being a linear run-through from one level to the next.It's hard to criticise this game because it doesn't promise any more than it delivers. You don't feel short-changed by the simplicity of the game play or the slightly ""cutesy"" characters. It's easy to play through, which might be disappointing if you're looking for more of a challenge. It is fairly repetitive but the enemies do get tougher as the game develops, matching your character's development. The challenge arenas are the only places where you can really push your skills to try to get that elusive four-star rating.The other downside is the boss fights - it's a button-masher so just keep hitting the combos for long enough and the boss goes down, it's as simple as that. But again, it's hard to criticise because the game delivers exactly what it promises. It's enjoyable but not astonishing. I recommend it as a pleasant and pretty game to play, a nice bit of simple escapism that isn't going to challenge or frustrate you."
76561198093827298,Recommended,236090,25722447,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,restlessfool,only game ive 100\100 its fun ive come back to this game about 3 times to fully complete it
76561198025976809,Recommended,236090,22528781,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SmoothPixel,"This is an extremely fun Platformer/Hack n' Slash that includes tons of fun secrets and interesting upgrades that will keep you playing until the end, and if you're a completionist, to the end of the end.I highly recommend it as one of the first memorable purchases I've had on Steam."
,Recommended,236090,22594592,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Maese Mateo,Awesome game. I hope there is a sequel.
,Recommended,236090,500424,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"Really good action game, has beatiful artwork and animations, a very fluid combat that's very fun to play with and various non-linear levels full of secrets.Definetly recommended! :D"
,Recommended,236090,8608248,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ADDAUI,"I was very excited to write this Games' review after Five minutes of playing .... This is really one of the best Game I've Played in 2013 or maybe of all-time ...everything in this game was simply PERFECT .... the gameplay, the story, the environment ,and the characters ....when a friend of mine recommended this game to me he told me this game is ""the Side-Scrolling God of War""I loved every character in the game ... specially Fidget .. I think I'll start dressing my cat as a bat .However if there is one bad thing in this game ... it would by the lack of weapons ..you'll play the whole game with only one weapon .. plus Fidget can throw a 3 types of projectiles ..But still the game would be perfect if it had more than a weapon . I was using Fidgets' Projectiles most of the game .Anyway My Rating for this game is :Dust: An Elysian Tail - ( 9 / 10 )"
76561197972372942,Recommended,236090,9378091,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Norman Fetus,"This game is the complete package. From the story and characters, to the visuals and soundtrack, to the controls and PC optimisation. This game is a Masterpiece in every sense of the word.PS If you are apprehensive because its ""furry"", dont be."
,Recommended,236090,33289450,Posted: 5 July,all,Soviet Foxtrot,"Review below, For those who need an answer right now with no reading: BUY IT NOWDust: An Elysian Tail is about a man who wakes up with no memories and sets upon a quest to find out who he really is with an adorable sidekick and a talking sword.Pros about the game:Combat is very fluid and fun to use, it never got oldMusic is just amazing and I want all the scoresThe graphics are very well drawn and have some uniqe styles for some of the stagesAll the NPCs are memorable and have a very distinct personalityThe difficulty is a steady curve with no really big spikesThe main character actully acts like a real person would in the situations that are presented to himPlatforming and general movement is very well crafted and fluidThe pacing of the story is perfect as well as the story itself  being able make you feel like a badass and tear at your heartstring all at once.6-7 hours of fun gameplay that will pull you deep into the storyCons of the game:A few enemys are abit annoying as they either swarm or fly out of reach nothing that really ruins the gameSome quests are a little vague on what your suppose to do, but this is a very small issue only cropping up on 2-3 sidequestsReplayabiltyDecent; The challange rooms and the rescue missions(?) are really the only thing that would draw you back once you've beat the story.Overall Score: 9.8/10Sit down, buy the game, get some snacks, call in sick for work tomrrow, and enjoy Dust: An Elysian Tale. You won't reget it."
,Recommended,236090,8181848,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CelticRenée,"I love this game, it's just brilliant, the Artwork, the gaming style! It's perfect :D So worth buying :3"
,Recommended,236090,30925030,Posted: 3 April,all,VeryBadPing,"Dust is a medium sized, hack'n'slash/platformer/RPG with big bucks behind (similar to what got the famous 2012 game, journey).The game graphics are rich and beautiful.  The animation is great. Dust animation is ""anime-like"" in contrast with the non-playable characters who get a smooth animation. The story is good enough for me. The sound (including voices) and the music (final fantasy-ish) are on the same high level. But I still wonder how they managed to draw such an ugly world map.The gameplay is relatively easy assuming you are patient enough to be grinding XP for levels. The gameplay will be boring/repetitive, because some stages are a bit too long, and many times, suffer from a lack of ""density of action"". That knowing you will have to re-run many stages several times with different abilities in order to acheive 100% completion... also there, you will be grinding XP for levels in order to make the game clearable.There is a common default in RPGs: either you miss levels and the game is super hard, either you did a lot of boring XP grinding and the game is super easy because you are way over-leveled. So the stages are calibrated to be reasonably clearable at a specific level: if you are below, it's unreasonable, if you are above, it's too easy. This balance issue should be addressed in all RPGs, here it's not the case then you are free to torture yourself like a masochist or get bored at over-leveling your Dust and then slice throught the game like a hot knife in butter.Technically, I got a few bugs (exceptions), and the controls felt slooooow/unresponsive in fight. It does run on linux based OSes with a recent mesa3D.On the overall, I do recommend this game."
76561198106612168,Recommended,236090,30608328,Posted: 18 March,all,jorgecamilorin,"Excellent game, 100% recommended."
,Recommended,236090,12309223,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Interactive Civilian,"This game is fun. It has a good story (not exactly deep; meant for younger people). It has cute characters (that should appeal to anyone who is a fan of Disney movies and such). It has decent voice acting. It has fun hack-n-slash gameplay. It has nice art style and environments. It plays smoothly and without any noticeable bugs (at least for me). There really isn't much I can say against this game.If a 2D hack-n-slash with the feel of playing a Disney movie is your (or your kids') thing, then you'll most probably enjoy this game. :)"
76561198274032096,Recommended,236090,30020358,Posted: 18 February,all,CyrinaLuna,"Absolutely fantastic game. Loved the storyline, and the art work was incredible. 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,236090,7898958,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Paikia,"This game is for sure one of the best games I've ever played. I've always been a fan of side scrolling hack & slash platformers. When you add a good story and character progression to the mix - that makes it even better! The last time I enjoyed such a game so much was when Guardian Heroes was released for Sega Saturn in 1996. Dust: An Elysian Tail is really the same type of game, but it has its own unique qualities.Dust has fancy and shiny looking animations, an interesting dark, yet sometimes humorous story and an amazing soundtrack. Those are all core components of a great game. But what impressed me the most about the game is the smoothness and agility of the gameplay and the animations. The game *never stutters*, there are no slowdowns, the controls are intuitive, everything runs exactly like it should, and it runs FAST while looking GREAT!I use a relatively high-end config for games, but I have a design flaw in my system, so I always need to be on alert and make sure it doesn't overheat. Well - not with Dust! For some reason, it seems like this game uses much less CPU and GPU resources than most other current similar games, while looking awesome! Efficiency at its best!I won't go on rambling about the awesome soundtrack, the dark (yet funny) story or about any of the other aspects of the game I love so much. Just get it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,236090,8556128,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,EEliHbK,"Really an amazing game, buy it!5/5"
,Recommended,236090,8422201,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DarkSide,"Great fantasy-action game with beautiful graphics, fun gameplay and good voice acting. It's really unbelievable that this game was made by one person."
,Recommended,236090,8567113,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sentient Being,"Dust: An Elysian TailDon’t be like me and hesitate to buy it, just buy it already.Dust is a game I feel like I have known about for a long time and yet has always escaped my grasp. I would put off buying it from one sale to another thinking I could always pick it up later. Finally during this winter sale I picked it up and after playing it for several hours I only had one question… what the hell took me so long?Dust features multiple game mechanics and effectively make them work together in a cohesive experience. Firstly it’s a colorful 2D side scroller with vivid backdrops and a large open field. The combat plays like a responsive hack and slash action adventure game, including combo styles and magical attacks provided by your comedic sidekick Fidget, which in turn can then be combined into different flavours of multi attacks. That combat is backed up with a full RPG style level system where upon leveling you are able to increase various stats making your character that much more of a killing machine. And if that’s not enough there is also a full crafting system allowing you to collect blueprints, materials and combine them into new weapon, armor or accessories.The game world itself features a world map which is traversed by selecting way points, taking you to the subsequent zone. Each zone is made up of many screens, each with a multitude of enemies, platform puzzles and secrets to be found. Shrines act as save points and teleporters, which enable you to fast travel to the entrances of others zones, for a cost. Stores can also found in these zones which work much like stores in most games, but in this case the first time you sell a material to the vendor it will catalogue it, and then every so often add more of that item to its stock allowing you to buy more of that item for your crafting needs.As for the story of Dust, it follows the titular Dust on the typical quest to prevent all out genocide. At the start of his journey, Dust, Finds himself with amnesia, not knowing who he is or what his purpose is. It is here he is joined by a talking mythical sword “Ahrah” and the swords Guardian Nimbat “Fidget” who will help guide Dust on his path. The story itself follows familiar tropes but manages to make it feel fresh while still throwing in a few twists to narrative thread.Dust is jam packed with mechanics and classic side scrolling mayhem offering a solid 10+ hours of gameplay with plenty of secrets, and familiar faces to collect. Don’t be like me and hesitate to buy it, just buy it already.4.5/5"
,Recommended,236090,7474319,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Rocki,"9/10I strongly recommend this game, no words to describe how great it is, the story is great, the voice acting is pretty good too... combat is definitely fun, however, the best think on this game is the artwork, I don't think anyone would dislike this game since there isn't anything bad on it.Not to play this game would be a crime."
,Recommended,236090,8076881,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,psycosulu,"The controls handle well, the backgrounds are beautiful, the battles bring a smile to my face."
76561198066224214,Recommended,236090,29364918,Posted: 19 January,all,Akame,"This game is really fun and worth the play. My only bone to pick with this game is the story is trying so hard to be ""mysterious"" but it's so obvious what's happening next. The fact that the game is extremely fun and fast paced makes me forget how bad the story was. The fighting is very fluid and the soundtrack is very good as well."
,Recommended,236090,20940825,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zane,"- A lovely platformer with beautiful art style, visual pleasing but a tad repetitive combat at times and a main plot that will keep you interested till the end.Review score:Recommended Game⇓ Personal Review ⇓StoryYou play as Dust, a warrior who got woken up in a forest by a magical blade named Ahrah and its guardian Fidget who from there on are your companions throughout the rest of the story. In short; Dust must work towards retrieving his/its memory in order to bring Justice to a land terrorised by monsters, war and other events you'll encounter. In the beginning and mid game the story was not really something to write home about BUT it was interesting enough for me to keep playing the main plot line and it got more interesting as I progressed towards the end. I can't comment on side missions, didn't play them.GraphicsEach area has it's own unique environment and beautiful art style with accompanying enemy mobs. None of them are in my opinion dull or generic. Aside from the beautiful 2d graphics the combat graphical effects are pleasant to watch at and fit right in.GameplayCombat itself was interesting for me due to the variety of enemies encountered. There are enough guides to explain the easy to remember combos for you to use. There could have been a bit more complexity on that part but that gets balanced by the enemy's difficulty as you progress through the game. In the beginning and mid game most of them are easy to beat (depending on difficulty mode) but towartds late game I died a lot =).Aside from enemies there are some environmental dangers to be dealt with in certain areas, each specific to the level you're playing in. They're not super unique but it does give more depth to the gameplay."
76561198135248316,Recommended,236090,35097667,Posted: 20 September,all,Bass Clefff,Sequel pls.
,Recommended,236090,578007,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,B Vitamin,"This is a great game with a good art style, interesting story and ♥♥♥♥ing great combat. Which is good because there's a lot of it, but no matter how many more mooks appeared I never got tired of killing them. I'd recommend you buy this game just for the fun as hell combat alone.Also, your companion, Fidget is pretty much the most adorable companion character to have ever been concieved and is a joy to have around."
,Recommended,236090,7986128,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,☾ Iagu ☽,"This review is in: ""English/Portuguese""English:Oh my... this game surprised me! Lot's! It is a Artwork! It is beautifull, it's cute, from another level of cutness, you have to play it, awesome platform game! It is a dream game for anyone, i mean ANYONE that ever played a platform game! If you ever played Mario, Rayman or anything like it, try it! If don't, you have to start with THIS GAME!Now, tell me, what the hell are you still reading it? BUY IT AND PLAY IT!Portuguese:Oh meu... este jogo me supreendeu! Muito! É uma obra de arte! É lindo, é fofo, mas outro nível de fofura, você tem que jogar, incrível game de plataforma! É o jogo dos sonhos para qualquer um, e digo QUALQUER um que já jogou um game de plataforma! Se você já jogou Mario, Rayman ou qualquer jogo assim, tente! Se não, você tem que começar NESTE GAME!Agora, me diga, porque você ainda esta lendo? COMPRE E JOGUE LOGO!"
,Recommended,236090,8048649,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LlamaHombre,"Phenomenal. This game was an absolute blast to play through, especially for a genre I generally don't enjoy (this being the Beat-Em-Up aspect of the game, not the Metroidvania aspect of it). The world is highly open and fun to explore, with absolutely incredible atmosphere and a slightly cliché though very well polished story. The music as a whole is solid, though admittedly I only really found myself truly attached to a few songs in the game. It fits the world though, and it knows when to pick up and when to slow down. The characters are pretty enjoyable, each of which having their own unique qwerks and characterization to make each individual character in the game so compelling. It helps that the voice acting is honestly pretty good. The anthropomorphic-animal-type character design is offputting at first, but it really didn't detract from anything.All of this is topped off by one of the most fluid, reactive, and satisfying combat engines I think I've ever played. Combos are given to you relatively early so you have plenty of time to practice using them, and I'd be lying if I didn't say I haven't sent chills down my spine for some of the absolutely insane stuff I've been able to pull of. Despite having one weapon (two if you count his companion Fidget), Dust has a huge variety of ways to handle pretty much every enemy in the game, and very rarely does mowing down hordes of minions ever get stale. The artstyle helps ludicrously in this department, making each hit feel rewarding and managing to maintain a long-lasting combo stupidly satisfying. This game has its share of Action RPG elements in it as well, with stuff like shops, level ups, and various equipment options to choose from as the game expands.All of this made the game such an absolute thrill to play, and if you can manage to snag it for the deal I got it at (Three and a half dollars!? What!?), there's no question as to whether you buy this game or not. This game is nearly flawless.Oh, and pretty much all of this game was made by one person - Dean Dodrill. Incredible."
,Recommended,236090,13906108,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Fairynette,"One of my favorite games, thus far. Great artwork, story-line and controls. It's fun to play!"
,Recommended,236090,20147602,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,xPicrossx,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the best game I've ever played in my entire life.For the record, this mostly is a one person work, and yet, it's way better than most of the AAA games released nowadays.Artstyle, soundtrack, voicing, leveling, gameplay... Every single element has been shaped in a great way.Add on top of that a bit of humor, some nerdy references and a classic but solid story, and you'll end up with one of the rare games that would deserve a nice and clean 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,13155177,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Chuzzard,"I don't want to finish this game.I just want to lay down on the grass, and bask in the sunlight by a lake.  I want to make a home in the village, join the people in their way of life.I don't want to fight anymore.  I don't need to figure out who I am.  I'm happy with just being Dust.  But it can never be like this.  I know that if I don't keep fighting, there won't be anyone left.  And that's the hard part.  It's a choice between me or the humble people of these lands, and the answer is obvious.I hope they'll remember me.Goodbye, Dust."
,Recommended,236090,18121728,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,"""Ms.Heropants""",Pros:-Fidget-Good Gameplay-Interesting Story-Good Character Design-Reminds me of Devil May Cry 3 but in 2D and withouth guns-Hardcore difficulty is BS mode which i loveCons:-REALLY Short-No New Combos for Dust-Can't skip cutscenes-Mixing 2D sprites with 3D Models for some akward looking cutscenes-Fidget has only 3 powers-Needs more stuff to do after completing the game-Extremely easy bossesEven with all the problems is a good game
,Recommended,236090,8546406,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,GojiBob,"Dust: An Elysian Tailreally exceeded my expectations. It has been a while since I've seen a game, made in the twenty-first century, that's heavily story-driven. I honestly expected this game to be much more cliche as I was expecting Dust's sidekick, Fidget, to be annoying and Ginger to be the FRI (forcedromanticinterest). Fortunately I was wrong as Fidget was actually a pretty charming character and Ginger, despite sharing some obvious chemistry with Dust, doesn't pull the whole""falling in love, saying 'I love you,' and share a long kiss""sort of thing with Dust. The other characters in the story are also pretty memorable, the voice acting is well done, the soundtrack is great, the visual style is superbly beautiful, and the story keeps you drawn in and intrigued.As for the gameplay, it has a fair amount of RPG elements (despite only using one weapon throughout the game), fluid combat, and vivid and vast environments. The game is also pretty nostalgic in a sense as it's a 2-D side-scroller. The game honestly isn't too long in terms of the main quest, but there are plenty of side quests and things to unlock and find to keep the game going especially if you're the kind of person who's a""completion freak.""Now there are some people who negatively judge the game because it supposedly has sort of a""furry""vibe to it, but don't let that deter you. Honestly, I'm by all means not a furry and I personally can't stand a majority of the fandom. But trust me, this game is a lot more than meets the eye. The game has zero traces of the perversion most people typically think of when it comes to the furry fandom. For me, the fact that the world in this game, known as Falana, is populated by anthropomorphic animals just makes it seem a lot more unique and stylized.For my final verdict, I giveDust: An Elysian Taila9/10. Whether you consider yourself a furry or not, this game is an intriguing experience that keeps you drawn in and it has its own unique lore. This is a game that I can consider myself to be a fan of and if there is to be a sequel.... I'm definitely excited to see what will happen next!"
,Recommended,236090,17249911,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Towelie,"One of best games i've ever played. Amazing graphic and most important - great story. This game is worth every money, 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8512957,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,"OH MY GOD. As a hardened video gamer... I'm openly admitting that this made me cry. This is hands down - One of the best video games I have ever played. Just as good as - portal 2 and the half life series. The work, the artistry, the touch is like a true gem - a full gorgeous landscape with memorable characters. The music is just fantastical and made Dust fully engaging and funny. I've always been a fan of games like this. The story is beautifully told and the emotions that are bought out are just... wow. This game is one that I will cherish forever and will show to my friends.Here is a quote that basically sums up this game for me:""I bought this game not knowing exactly what to expect but it was well worth it. I talk this game up so much and not even I know why! One thing is for sure tho, it hit me right where it counts and my life is changed because of it.""This game has literally put other stories to shame.Again.. It made me CRY.Give this game a shot."
,Recommended,236090,21512234,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pseudoveverka,"I'm usually not a fan of platformers, but this one is absolutely awesome. The graphics can only be described as a treat for the eyes, the music really helps set the atmosphere (and it doesn't feel repetitive!). The enemies and obstacles scale nicely in a way that makes sure the player won't get bored until the end. And on top of that, there are extra treasures to be found and challenges to try your hand at if you feel like doing something a bit more complicated than the usual jumping around.And then there's the plot. However straightforward or, at times, downright predictable, it's told in such a way that you'll want to see how it plays out in the end. And then you'll keep mulling over it.This is an exceptional game, and a story I know I'll keep coming back to. Completely worth more than its full price."
,Recommended,236090,8490301,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Doctor Duckling,"I'd never played in games like this one, I bought it rather due to a discount and a plenty of free time than because I like the type of the game. I've been amazed what this game has to offer: a beautiful world, an engrossing storyline, fantastic music, sense of humour and, on top of that, Fidget. Absolutelly a 'must have'. You won't regret buying it."
76561198041592646,Recommended,236090,20917534,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,♌ LeonTheDragon ♌,"Probably the best adventure game I ever played in my entire life, the first thing you're likely to notice when you start the game is how it looks. Your journey begins in a magical glade, and takes you through poorly lit ice caves, the dead forests long, snowy mountain ranges, and more. Dust, the main character, and Fidget, your trusty companion that will help you during your journey, you'll travel through a variety of interconnected stages, fighting the enemies, seeking treasures, and unlock new abilities that allow to obtain previously unreachable places. You'll meet a group of animated characters that will give you quests or continue the story in one way or another, and all of them have voice talking. While the gameplay is primarily based around navigating the levels and engaging in melee combat, there are plenty of RPG mechanics in Dust as well. Defeating enemies and solving quests will earn you experience points, and each time you level up, you can pick one of four parameters to improve. You can also craft items to help you along the journey, crafting requires both materials and a blueprint, both of which can be dropped by defeated enemies or found in chests. Opening those chests requires keys, which can be bought at a shop or found hidden in the stages. Keys can be found in secret map spots, and sometime you have to resolve riddles to get a couple of them. I'm not saying that this is the best game ever made, but its not bad either so why not give it a try? Am i right?"
,Recommended,236090,8288414,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,✪ BPR ✪,"Side scrolling hack and slash awesomeness! While it starts off a little slow story wise (guuuuh....who am I derp derp I can't remember), it quickly picks up by chapter 3. While I thought the anime animal characters were a little goofy at first, I actually came to quite enjoy them by the end. I would recommend playing this game on tough or hardcore (I think that's what the hardest difficulty is called), as you will just blast through everything otherwise. Good story, tight controls (at least on a controller) and very pretty to look at! Play it!"
,Recommended,236090,15864237,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ReturnNil,I played it a bit. I recommend.
,Recommended,236090,20212479,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lixy,"Dust: An Elysian TailStory and Characters: 9/10Dust: AET has one of the most engaging stories I've ever had the pleasure to experience. Characters are varied and all have some special quirks that make them all memorable. The dialogues in this game have these ""quirks"" just the right amount to make these characters seem more like individuals that you are interested in rather than just a squad of generic beings that you come across and smash A to skip the dialogue as fast as you can. Voice acting is great overall but at times could be heard that some of the voices weren't necessarily by a well-known professional, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but definitely noticable.Gameplay: 8/10There is not much to say about the gameplay. Quite generic ""smash buttons until baddies disappear"". There is a special ""move"" called DUST STORM that you get quite early on and that is probably what you'll be spamming for the next 8 hours or so. I played the game on NORMAL difficulty and I would suggest NORMAL for this game if you're looking to play it for the story, since it has some of the epic moments of ""Oh god. I'm gonna die soon but so is the enemy"" but it also makes moving between areas easier and more relaxed since you don't have to spend 10 minutes per group of enemies.Graphics: 8.5/10This game isn't filled with a billion small particle effects or four tons of bloom and still managed to amaze me in nearly every area I went to. The cutscenes have a charming hand-drawn look to them that is beautifully executed and that makes them nothing to sneeze at.Music: 10/10Down right amazing. The music always fit the feeling I had while playing. Epic soundtrack. Can't say much more than that.You'll most likely get 8-12 hours out of the campaign but will probably get 20+ hours if you plan to 100% everything and get all achievements (I don't know for sure, haven't done that yet) .Overall: 9/10This is definitely a game that I will remember and will most likely play through again in the future. I'd definitely say this is one of the best games I've played recently, and even one of the best I've ever played. Even though the gameplay aspect becomes quite frustratingly repetitive towards the end, the story kept my interest in the game very high. I definitely suggest picking this up if you're looking for an engaging story-driven game with beautiful visuals that is not too hard for a casual gamer."
,Recommended,236090,3891123,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Jonny Starfall,"What every other Indie game should've been. A fun, exciting and creative idea for a game that strays away from your typical Minecraft/Infiniminer clone and utilizes an art style of its own instead of your typical ""SNES Style"" graphics you'd see in almost every release that other developers churn out and brings out a story line and soundtrack that you'll remember throughout your life. This game maybe another sidescroller fighting game, this game still brings out a challenge to everyone and allows you to find secrets within the game if you're up for it. If you don't feel up for a higher difficulty and rather spend more time on following the storyline, they give you the option for a lower difficulty. For best experience, play it with a controller and not a keyboard. Be careful though, if you're using a certain move too much, you'll take damage. This may be a pain for people (like me) who have a nasty habit of mashing buttons while battling creatures. I recommend this to anyone who's looking for an indie game that doesn't play off the fame of Minecraft and the likes."
,Recommended,236090,9740893,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,-----,"One of my favorite Steam games, and an adictive one at that. I beat it, and now need to go back to play it a few more times. While the game cannot be replayed after it is beaten, multiple saves can be made to make room so that you can go back and complete side quests. The crafting, which is really easy and useful, is always handy to upgrade Ahrah, your sword, and Fidget, your nimbat ""accomplice."" The story is very indepth and easy to get sucked into, and enjoyable enough for me to listen to the dialouge. I would absolutely recomend this to a friend. Hacking and slashing through waves of enemies is quite... pleasant."
,Recommended,236090,10183175,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Hoodie,A beautifully crafted masterpiece. What more is there to say?
,Recommended,236090,9603649,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,NekoiNemo,"Simply an amazing game. Mechanics are flawless, art is beautiful, animation quality is excellent. Game is also an example of rare species ""perfect pc port"" which is considered nearly extinct nowadays."
,Recommended,236090,10235158,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,zenix but halloween version,"I thought this game was going to be a cringeworthy fur-freak game. Turns out, its not that half bad. The overall quality is great, the music is awesome, animations are smooth, however, the voice acting is just meh. Dust's voice can get really grumbly sometimes for no reason, but it doesn't seem to bother me much. Also, I find myself losing track of Dust, the main character sometimes in giant fights, with all the special effects going at a time, which is probably just my issue.  If you can get past the anthromorphic animal people, its a great enjoyable game that is definately worth it."
,Recommended,236090,8547926,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AvantAveGarde,"This I can say without a doubt is one of the best side scrollers I have played. It's compelling story gives much meaning to pay close attention to the characters and the details. The combat is lovely, with amazing swordplay and detail in your every swing makes it all the better to participate in combat. The graphics are amazing without a doubt and becomes more detailed as you progress along as you're taken through amazing scenes from forests, to caves and mountains. And to finally top it off, would especially be the voice acting, without a clever display of emotions I would not have thought the same about this game as I do now. I recommend this game to others looking for good classic game with an amazing story, graphics and gameplay."
,Recommended,236090,21168591,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Foofin,Furry goes on an adventure with another tiny furry who guards the sacred sword named Allah. They meet other furries and kill bad furries and find the secrets to the world of furries and the main furry's identity.The art is also pretty good10/10
,Recommended,236090,8358081,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,きつね119,A really great game.
,Recommended,236090,8628032,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Teddy.,Reeeeeeeeeeeeally  nice game!!  I can say nothing but this.Beacuse so it has so many high praises already.
,Recommended,236090,616010,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Cynyx,2D-action-RPG at its best !
,Recommended,236090,8496437,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,genfinternet,"I haven't finish this game yet, but i'm at 33% after a few hours playing, completly hooked, if i wasn't so tired, i would still be playing it.Here is why i loved it :-Some cool graphism 9 / 10-Npc with good humor 8 / 10-Nice gameplay 9 / 10I definitly recommend it, 8.5/10"
76561197985802002,Recommended,236090,8380023,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PapaSwoll,A really awesome game!
,Recommended,236090,8381364,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Allen,awesome game
,Recommended,236090,8278605,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zond ♥,The Greatest game ever. It's Soundtrack puts final fantasy to shame.
76561198096112706,Recommended,236090,9413826,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ObsidGamer,Amazing game with a good story and graphics
,Recommended,236090,2076237,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Super Wuff 3D Turbo HD Redo,"Just finished this game up with 115% completion status. I love this game, and not because it has furries in it. Yes, the visuals look amazing with loads of color, and the sound design is pretty nice, too. But what hooked me in was the gameplay.The combat feels so good, especially when you get to stringing high triple-digit combos amongst your foes. It felt similar to the Batman Arkham games, which also have amazing combat. Exploration is also well-executed and rewarding. If you haven't played a Metroidvania-style game, this game pretty much encourages you to explore places you been to before to seek out newer rooms and areas that were previously unreachable, though I have managed to reach said areas before I was suppose to. It wasn't by the means of cheating or third-party apps, but just using the trademark Dust Storm in mid air.The story was kinda unique to me, though I don't know if it's been done before. Maybe parts of it, but I wouldn't know. I'm not gonna spoil any of it, though the ending kinda had me a bit sad, but I won't say what. Dust and Fidget certainly made for a good duo, especially with the comic relief Fidget provides, though some of the humor can be hit or miss.Overall, amazing game. It's definitely worth whatever price it's going for (sale or not), if for the gameplay alone. I want more games like this, especially since there aren't many Metroidvania-style games on PC. Hell, if that were to be ""Another Elysian Tail,"" I would get it. But yes, if you like great combat and any of the two game franchises that I bunched into one word, you owe it to yourself to get this game like right now."
,Recommended,236090,7830146,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,baxdab,"This is a must play game.Please don't be turned off by the art style, this game is fantastic. I wasn't too much into it at first, but consider this: One man spent 6 years of his life making this game. Much of the art, programming, testing, writing, and more were done by just this one guy, and you can tell this thing is that guy's baby. So much love and care went into the fighting engine and the dynamic and amazing scenery, it's incredible. I had to double check if this thing really was made by this one guy, because honestly I was in disbelief. Not to mention that this game has an amazing pc port that puts AAA titles to shame, and it's hard not to recommend to anybody. Please give it a try, this game deserves your attention."
76561198063408758,Recommended,236090,10690932,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Solaria,"Outstanding game! With amazing and beautiful artwork and music, this game transports you into another world. By far one of my favorite games."
76561198050434471,Recommended,236090,7596377,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,celbrion,just incredible...
,Recommended,236090,7436782,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,perfectlikeme,"The game has a soul! awesome game, great story, great soundtrack, beautiful graphics, amazing voice acting, good controls, nice humor, and good ending))) better than many AAA projects, and it is not too short game, 10-15 hours on hardcore difficulty. Dean Dodrill you're a genius!Thank you."
,Recommended,236090,8494205,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CombatWombat,It's like a shank RPG with Superpowers!
,Recommended,236090,8528886,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Winter,"The game is awesome, the art is beautiful, the combat is fluent, and the story is intruiging"
76561198087395427,Recommended,236090,8495090,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,shieldgenerator7,"Wow this game is amazing!It took me 14 hours to beat this game on normal mode (only because I suck at playing games) and it was 14 hours of awesome!   The art and animation was amazing, and even the story was pretty good. I promised myself I wouldn't cry at the end and that was the only thing that kept me from doing so. The enemies are unique and well-developed, and fun to fight (well, most of them are).However, it still has a few bugs, such as pineapples that won't explode, and although a good majority of the controls are really easy to use, some of them are clunky and unintuitive. And the keyboard commands in the inventory screen aren't very user-friendly. But that's me being nit-picky.Overall, this is a VERY good game and if you like story games and action games, this is a good one to play through. Awesome, I loved it.-SG7 ( :) )"
,Recommended,236090,9341840,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"I got this game dirt cheap during a sale. Now I feel guilty for not paying full price, because this game warrants it. The combat is amazingly satisfying, the voice acting is amazing, the story is gripping, the design, ooh that sweet design... this game was simply amazing, and I dearly hope that it will eventually get a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,13348220,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ropfa,"It was a fun game. The combat could get a bit repetitive at times, but overall it was very enjoyable. Really impressive, considering that it was mostly done by one guy."
,Recommended,236090,3914358,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Surge Aquos,"A dramatic, well-paced adventure with beautiful 2D graphics and plenty of entertainment through gameplay, character development, and story."
,Recommended,236090,10259157,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tenpin,Ahh Dust: An Elysian Tail one of my favorite Platformers.  Do you Like Hack and Slash? Do you like snarky sidekicks(I'm Looking at you Fidget!) Are you are Furry? If you answered yes to at least 2 of these questions Give this one a try you won't be dissapointed!
,Recommended,236090,8658323,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,incorrect,"woooooooooosh bam boom bam woooooooooooooooosh - an average experience playing this gameit's pretty tight y'allbut the voice acting might grate your nerves a bitstill, can't deny how fun it is regardless9/10"
,Recommended,236090,6174017,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to fight evil with a magical talking sword and an adorable sarcastic companion? Then this is the game for you.This game is fantastic. I would recommend it all day, every day. The game itself is not only super fun to play it’s also very highly addictive. The enemy design and diversity is on point all the way. The sword and associated powers make you feel like a boss slicing through hordes of bad guys. When you learn the more advance moves you really do feel like a killing machine.As for the story I loved everything about it, from start to finish and beyond I wanted more. There was plenty to keep me interested throughout the whole adventure. The characters are interesting and tug at the heart strings at just the right moments. The art style may not be to everyone’s taste but I adored it, so colorful and vibrant it just brought a smile to my face every time I booted up.If you were on the fence then hope right off and get this game, at full price it is still a great deal.Have fun ^_^"
76561198059813596,Recommended,236090,19206006,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,HyperCole64,"After just one playthrough, Dust: An Elysian Tail proves to be an absolutely beautiful game with a very satisfying combat system. The amount of destruction you can do by the end of the game is mind-blowing. It's basically an action RPG with the elements of a Metroidvania and it works extremly well. The game is also very user-friendly in terms of sidequests and treasure hunting, making a complete run of the game really fun. I still have a few treasures left to find, but I'm very close. The story is great, the soundtrack is great, and the characters are great. Although, I will say that some cutscenes do go on for a long time. You can skip them, but for anyone who enjoys a good story, there's a ton of dialogue in this game, despite the game being fairly short for an RPG. So, be prepared for that. If I had to say one negative about the game, it's the fact that at times, when there are a ton of enemies and attacks on screen, it's hard to keep track of where you are. This isn't a dealbreaker, but I did die a few times due to now knowing where I was. Overall, if you're looking for a very solid RPG with beautiful art, an engaging story and cathartic combat, look no further than Dust."
,Recommended,236090,19761727,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Xanthey Belmont,"First off let's get the obvious stuff out of the way: This game is gorgeous, and the audio is amazing. Okay.Dust surprised me with it's ongoing and expansive story, i really just thought it would be your standard 2D sidescroller (which i was perfectly ok with given it's beauty) but was gifted with this RPG-like story. The voice acting is on par with games like Final Fantasy, and the characters really resonate with emotion and believability. While the gameplay it's self isn't breaking any new ground, it is a solid sidescroller with RPG elements to the character progression. I firmly believe that if Nintendo had had the technology we have today, this is what 90% of the library for the NES would have looked like. It is an instant classic, and a game that i tell dozens of people about per day (i work in a call center and sell more Steam games than i do our own products haha. OOPS.) So take it from me, Tech Support Agent #52146, this game is for you if you ever played a NES game and smiled. Also, if you like cutesy creates.. the nimbat Fidget is just friggin adorable."
76561198021108136,Recommended,236090,19927407,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mytheroth,"The story is immersive, the characters lovable and enthralling. I continually find myself rebuying this game for friends that have never played, as years ago it quicky became my favorite indie game.The downside is that to completion the game doesn't have a whole lot of play-time, and there are a couple of different choices you may make over the course of the game, but the replay value is limited as they don't affect too much.Despite this con, I highly recommend picking this game up."
,Recommended,236090,24460762,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lelouch,"When it comes to RPG's there are several key factors that often serve to define and disparate each one from every other one. Naming some of these major factors would lead one to include RPG elements likeWorld Lore, Expansiveness , Story ,Quest Design, Side Quests quantity, Exploration, Character Customization, Skill Trees, Crafting , Grinding, The Combat System and just Overall Immersion in the game.  In an era where RPG's are trying to Reinvent, Innovate and Push the Boundaries of such thematics to Revolutionize the genre and broadcast their distinctive traits and appeal,Where does a game such as Dust:An Elysian Tail stand?Ultimately the success of every RPG no matter what kind of revolutionary concept they bring to the table boils down to one simple attributeExecution.Dust:An Elysian Tail is a game that has every one of the aforementioned RPG elements, While none of these elements come of as prodigious or unique, The game however excels in one simple aspect,'Execution'and that is exactly what makes this game succceed and a joy to play.Dust plays an 2D side scroller platformer RPG with a hack n slash variant of combat. As I mentioned above all the elements exist in a very simple form. Combat consists of basic combo chaining and just beating up every mob of enemies you find. Platforming involves basic jumping, Dodging traps and so on. The skill tree consists of 4 simple attributes (HP, Attack, Defence, Magic) and every level gives you the chance to increase any one of them by 1 level. There's the classic RPG inventory system. Questing mostly involves point to point movement and fetching for side quests. Perhaps the most noteworthy element of Dust would be the Crafting system, You only need to accquire a material once after which you can sell it to the shop which will restock the material over time. This saves an enormous amount of grinding which would otherwise be needed,When it comes to difficulty they game is actually fairly easy since your character is pretty much overpowered but beating up those mobs still feels enjoyable and really cool. I started out on Tough difficulty and pretty much had no trouble at all, Boss Fights are straight forward and easy for the most part.Supporting all these elements is yet another simple but charming storyline about a man on a search for his identity, His search for himself brings him across diverse beautifully drawn areas(Backgrounds) ranging from underground basins to snowtop mountains,volcanic lands and rustic villages. Accompanied by a small flying sidekick and a talking sword what else do you need in a fantasical story? By far the only complaint I have for the game would be that Voice Acting feels a bit forced at times but it is nowhere near an issue to hinder the game.If it isn't clear by now, The game is simple but the way all these simplistic elements mesh together to create a feeling offluidityis nothing sort of excellence. Perhaps this fluidity is the main reason this game is so much fun to play despite it's overly simplistic and straightforward demeanour.8/10, The game is worth the money you put in."
,Recommended,236090,3274242,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Hey-Pi-Ron,One of the best games ever. Seriously. 10/10. You MUST buy it and play.
,Recommended,236090,7948143,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The land of milk and honey bitch,I LOVE THIS GAME!i'm not a big fan of furrys but in this game it seems to be right. from the funny jokes to the nail biting storyline to the smooth gameplay. The art is fantastic and the voices are spot on. THIS GAME IS AMAZING! The only complaint i have is that the boss battles are♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the final one is amazing. 10/10!
,Recommended,236090,12118299,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,👻 楊浩賢 👻,"I played this during school, 21 hours and counting (was in offline mode). This is truly, one of the few 2D games I've really played and enjoyed. The story, gameplay, and the artistic appeal of the game is what really makes Dust: An Elysian Tail a unique, RPG experience. The reason I bought this game is because the combat and art looks a lot like what Vanillaware would create (the developers who made Odin Sphere, Muramasa: The Demon Blade, and Dragon's Crown), which made me an instant buyer at first glance.If your into awesome combat, beautiful story line, and an amazing art style, then this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,236090,7395023,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Shapeshifting Silverware,"I just realized I never wrote a recommenation for this.If you've ever played a Metroid or Castlevania (SOTN and beyond) and enjoyed it, get this. It's as simple as that."
,Recommended,236090,18308075,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Κινέζος,"Wonderful story and gameplay, thanks for the experience! :)"
76561198010045675,Recommended,236090,2613507,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,neowinx,"Very good game despite the fact that there coul'd be improvements to the characters design.. but then again.. graphics aren't everything. If you like platform games like me, you won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,236090,33298799,Posted: 5 July,all,War™,"Anyone remember the good ol' Disney cartoons? Feeling the need for nostalgia? Dust: An Elysian Tail is the game for you!I'm currentlt only a third into the game's storyline, but I love me some good combo-mashing action. This game gives you nothing but satisfaction when it comes to that!Additionally, I picked it up during the summer sale. Booyah.The detail that went into the voicing of the characters and NPCs in this game is praiseworthy.The only con? You can't re-map the controls >_<While the controls aren't remappable, I think it's SUPREMELY IMPORTANT that if YOU don't have a hi-tech mouse, or the x-box gamepad, you can also trigger Fidget's power by pressing the MIDDLE MOUSE BUTTON, which works just the same.A gem among the rough for Microsoft Studios (I was pleasantly surprised to find out Microsoft had a hand in this game)"
76561198096597914,Recommended,236090,12719451,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,zheeen,"This game is amazing. It was a game that really touched your heart when you played it and it literally brought me to tears when it ended -- like how some people cry when their favorite show is over. There are no issues in the game program wise, and in game some parts are very frustrating, but honestly, it was worth it. I would definitely play this more than once."
,Recommended,236090,8170834,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chubby Corgi,"The most beautiful game I have ever played, the in game and background art will take your breath away."
76561198055162507,Recommended,236090,10231797,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kazuki,"11/10 ign ""not bad"" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,236090,14411174,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tetolyz,"Literally, the most beautiful game I've ever experienced. Even though I was only on it for an hour.My first hour was amazing. I even had to stop and admire the beauty of the game and not just fly through it because the fighting was good too. VERY GLAD I GOT THIS GAME.I usually don't see very beautiful games around much into. Games that heart and inspire people to be more creative with videogames. But this literally took my breath away.Wondeful fighting, Good companions. BEAUTIFUL GAME IN ALL.  Very fun with a controller as well. xD<33"
76561198000366810,Recommended,236090,33250952,Posted: 4 July,all,i heart robots,"Wow,Very rarely does something come along and just blow you away like this game did to me.The sheer amount of love that went into making this game shines through in every aspect. The art is incfedibly beautiful. All the voice acting is spot on. The music is wonderful. I was drawn into the story and couldn't put the game down.This game is a must play.Many thanks for creating this for me to enjoy!"
,Recommended,236090,11747077,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Holy Diver,"Good stuff. Was a little too easy even on ""Tough"" difficulty. However, I wasn't playing for a challenge, but for fun. And I had a lot of fun."
,Recommended,236090,18439426,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Atem,Very addictive and fun game
76561198118938658,Recommended,236090,22377719,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Squll-Rabit,Not your typical Hack & Slash game. Dust: An Elysian Tail has an awesome combat system. chaining combos. countering and dodging enemy attacks. some magical tricks and more.Even though a game with such great gameplay doesnt need a good story. Dust still has an amazing story. including surprising events . character development and so on...while Dust is a short game. you will enjoy almost every combat you go through. most incidents thrills you to know what happens next.over all this is a must play game. missing it is a mistake you must not make.
,Recommended,236090,8382514,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kira,"This is pretty good.  Awesome art and animation, especially considering that it was made by one dude."
,Recommended,236090,655609,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,scorp29,"If you liked ""Okami"" and ""Muramasa: The Demon Blade"" games, you will totally love this one too <3"
,Recommended,236090,10624612,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zarthur15,Fox-person flying around with a sword.  Awesomely simple and entertaining.
,Recommended,236090,10582989,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Winterless,"At first I thought it was a bit childish due to the animation, but the more I played the more I liked it. It has a good story."
76561198039693226,Recommended,236090,10601027,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cloudkicker,Beautiful game with a metro-vania feel.
76561197977138193,Recommended,236090,10650560,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[LOST]HUGO,Epic story...Sweet graphics...Addictive combat system...A bunch of jokes...A lot to collect...Why not give it a try?
,Recommended,236090,10700784,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pff,"It has many SideMissions, and the story is good. Hope they make the 2nd game."
,Recommended,236090,10727141,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MonsoonGaming,"First, I'd like to say, if you like action, and I mean 'mowing down large groups of monsters with a couple clicks' action, this game is an absolute MUST HAVE. This is one of the most visually appealing games I've ever seen. It also gives you that warm, godlike feeling when you defeat a boss or flatten a particularily hard to kill group of monsters.Good Features:-Anime-style art and beautiful graphics-Easy to master controls-RPG-style inventory-Gripping storylineComplaints:-Side quests open up new areas too often, and usually take forever to complete-A skill tree would be nice"
76561198079722792,Recommended,236090,10911323,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cerberus,"This game took my by surprise. Although it's been out on the XBLA a long time ago, I didn't own an Xbox. This game is a 2D side-scrolling platformer. The battle system is so fun and rewarding. It's not simple button-mashing, but rather good timing! It has a story line as well! It's something I wasn't expecting from a game like this, so that was a nice surprise!The difficulty is really balanaced and exploring and finding treasure in the game is rewarding as well. The voice acting is also great! I recommend this game to anyone who likes platformers or fun games."
76561198079350120,Recommended,236090,10944939,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kimbo Schlice,"As a furry/disney-esque take on the metroidvania genre, Dust is certainly pretty unique. I love metroidvanias, so I enjoyed Dust. The story was pretty good, but not great. The quests and trials available helped keep things interesting. Overall, I would say Dust is a pretty good game, and definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre (especially if it's on sale)."
,Recommended,236090,10951246,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LuPuZ,"Immerse yourself in a gorgeous hand-painted world and amazing game mechanics. great scenarios such as peaceful glades, snowy mountaintops and beyond. Battle dozens of enemies at once with an easy-to-learn, difficult-to-master combat system, take on a variety of  side quests from different characters , discover ancient secrets and powerful upgrades hidden throughout the massive, open world, and uncover the most charming story.It reminds me of classic Castlevania with a touch of Megaman.  = )"
,Recommended,236090,11058110,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Trinn Senn,"Ok so first ill start off by saying i got this in the steam summer sale, somwhere in the £2 zone, and after playing this game i would have gladly paid full price for this, and got it sooner if i knew what was in stock.Ok so the story centers around ""Dust"" who has 2 companions, ""Fidget"" and his Sword ""Ahrah"", who go on a journey to help ""Dust"" Discover his past, and i have to say the character development and interaction between these characters and a few ofther characters, seems so very real.Where as alot of platformers the only speech you seem to have is getting told the mission objective and the rest story line, Dust:An Elysian Tail, has pleanty of moments where you will laught at what there characters are saying, and alot of the Speech you will listen to rather than skip.Oh and its fully voiced, i think that its a job well done with the voice acting overall, some poor bits here and there but over all the voice acting is rather good.Now Down to GAMEPLAY, the combat is very fast paced and very fun,you gain new abilities all the way through the game and there not too far spread out that it feels like you should already have a certain ability, going along with this you can go back through the levels and unlocked new areas that you previously couldn't.And although you do only have the 1 weapon through out the game, there is pleanty of items you can get to give you boosts in lots of different stats. Mixed in with this is a very simple yet fun to use crafting system, which just consists of gathering blueprints and materials, and using the materials to create the item on the blueprint, which you can then equip.And last although this isnt all that important i did find this a fun extra to the game, there is hidden cages through out the world which have a little surprise in them.(Dont want to spoil whats in them)So basically if you havent realised yet, i really really like this game, and i wish i had gotten it sooner.So if your debating on weather to get it or not, i would just say, give it ago, im sure you'll enjoy it if you give it a chance.Also We need a sequel, so buy it anyway =)"
,Recommended,236090,11062271,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,damngary,"This has easily been one of my favorite experiences from a download title from a small studio.The gameplay is fantastic, I was having so much fun I was addicted to it actually. Fluid movements and crazy battles. A good variety of enemies, voice acting was really well done. The animation was just gorgeous.The visual style mesmorizes. The use of swordplay and trajectory weapon is something unique to this game.If you want a metroid fill, this is a good game for it. It is NOT a short game. You get your money's worth and more here.My only gripe is the main villain, you'll understand if you play, but it doesn't detract from the joy of playing this game.I can not recommend this game enough for action-adventure guys. Full price, totally worth it.Have fun!"
,Recommended,236090,11277096,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,addime,"I got this game on sale with low expectations, but was blown away.I really enjoyed the colorful and bright environments.  I thought the voice acting was well done.  The story was alright, I thought it became a little predictable after a while.  The gameplay was very good.  I played with the keyboard only controls and didn't have any problems.  Combat is fairly simple, I found myself just executing the same combo's after a while, but the game does attempt to throw you off with differing enemy types in each new area.  The puzzles were somewhat simple, but well executed.  Another nice thing is it runs fairly well on older computers/laptops."
,Recommended,236090,11544388,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,It's alright. It's a furry metroidvania game. Not like the creators of either Metroid or Castlevania know what they're doing with those franchises anymore anyway.
76561197997631592,Recommended,236090,11860160,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Zewe,I really liked this game from the beginning to the very end of the game. This game made a really good let'play into my channel and I enjoyed doing it into Youtube. I would totally recommend playing this game the characters were funny and awesome.One more thing I am so excited when the creator of this game makes the sequel of this game and I am definitely going to play it and do a let's play of it!
,Recommended,236090,10624721,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hebby Cakes,"Very fun. The music is great, the art style is fun, and the gameplay is easy to learn and fun to play. I was a little put off by the anime-google-eyed characters, but overall it was a fun experience. It might be a good idea to mute the speaking voices, but overall they're not too bad.I had a good time with this game, and I was happy to have bought and played it."
,Recommended,236090,10654228,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,lukeassarts,"Having known nothing beforehand, I was completely blown away by this game - the world that the developer has created is vaguely nostalgic but completely orginal. I honestly couldn't put this game down, and played it non stop until I was finished the storyline. Time to go through again and find what I've missed! I would (and do) recommend this game to anyone."
76561198074218276,Recommended,236090,10739025,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PushTheCaptain,"Great sidescroller! Surprised by how easy, yet engaging the combat is throughout the game. Keeps things fun and flashy! Art style is also neat as with most indie titles now."
76561198038668328,Recommended,236090,10929315,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,serapis28,Fun game. interesting story. beautiful. quick and fun. unless you want to perfect. grammer be damned
76561198116670078,Recommended,236090,10959007,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JackChen,Quite a good game to play
,Recommended,236090,11835363,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,NecroXBR,"Really impressed about this game. The colorful and pretty graphics, the great OST, the fantasy story and fun dialogues between Dust and Fidget(breaking the 4th wall) and the ""godlike"" skills, movements and the extreme ways to make combo you probably didn't saw anywhere else, but don't let that fool you, the ""Nightmare"" difficulty can be REALLY challenging :)So if you enjoy adventure, RPG, fantasy and story, this is totally a game for you to check out."
,Recommended,236090,10935640,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,skrefs,I have only played this game for about an hour but i can truly reccomend this game. Its actually one of the prettiest games i've played in a while. Since this game is devloped by one man only i must say im really impressed. The game animations and artistic view is breathtaking.Steam Summers Sales + Dust = Money well spend.
,Recommended,236090,8501442,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,phinnaeus,"It's hard to describe why I enjoy this game so much. The art has a very distinct feel to it, sort of Disney + anime. The characters are surprisingly interesting, not particularly subtle but still well written. The combat is repetitive but not what I would call overly grindy. It's fun, bottom line, and I have every intention of 100%-ing it."
76561197975872705,Recommended,236090,8448664,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,absoluteB,Perfect castlevania/metroid-like game.+graphics+lenght+audio and voices+ambiance-simple gameplay mechanic-Easy boss fights
76561198025111684,Recommended,236090,3596937,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,FreddyTheMonkey,"One of the most beautiful games of its genre. A poetic, artistic tale which will leave you impressed."
,Recommended,236090,24060640,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lepisma,"The game is cheesy, at times predictable, and the dialogue had me groaning from time to time.And yet I loved every second and couldn't put it down. The story is engaging, the characters relatable, and certain twists can really get in your head. Combat is fairly straightforward, but takes enough thought and practice so as not to hit 'grinding' level. Overall it's really stuck with me in spite of its simplicity and cheese factor."
,Recommended,236090,24053828,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chrommanito,Fidget gave me furries.
76561198089521864,Recommended,236090,28417488,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,wakiZashi,"Dust: AET is quite possibly one of my favourite games of all time.  If not the number 1 spot.For me, the game blends beautiful visuals with a compelling storyline, with great characters, cracking gameplay, and one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard from an indie title to boot.It's not the longest game in the world, but you can stretch it if you love to get immersed and want to play it for all achievements (which, by design, will take a couple playthroughs anyway).At times, the voicework is a little... wooden, but never really anything that will absolutely take you out of the story if you're having fun.I can't recommend it enough, huge props to Dean Dodrill for creating this work of art."
,Recommended,236090,28683100,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Happy Sudoer,"What an epic game!Pros:- Awesome story- Great music- Epic gameplay with RPG-ish elements (skills, quests, crafting, etc)- Long for a 2D game- Beautiful colorsCons:- Too much talkingBuy it now!"
,Recommended,236090,23282416,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Trench Knight,"Dust is fantastic. A friend showed me the game long ago when it first came out, and I just recently got it for myself on this account. Getting to finally go through the game in full is awesome. The gameplay is simple, but still has plenty of flexibility between the swordplay and the magic. The art is fun, and the voice acting isn't so bad! Particularly the characters who 'matter'. Obviously many side characters don't have as much focus, but Dust, especially Fidget, Ahrah, and Haley are amazingly well voiced. And the many references are a lot of fun too.Did I mention Fidget is the best character ever? Because she is."
,Recommended,236090,22681622,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ＡＥＳＴＨＥＴＩＣ,"Amazing game, the story is great, controls are solid, graphics are simplygorgeous, and it has great combat mechanics.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8625491,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Chitoge,"This game as you can see is called Dust: An Elysian Tail... it didn't catch my attention. This game is about a blue fighter animal human named Dust with no memory of the past what so ever. His companions are a talking sword that guides Dust. His other companion is Fidget which is the flying orange Nimbat which is flying next to Dust in the screenshots. Also what really took my attention is the artwork and dialog. The artwork isn't like SUPER FANTASTIC ARTWORK THAT LOOKS REALISTIC, the artwork is nice bright and dark at the sametime. Me, as an artist in training and wanting to do an artistic job in the future, can see that this took some sort of work to make. Also it was made by an independant designer Dean Dodrill. Enough talking about the art. The dialog in this is good in my opinion. Not too much, not too little. I hate games with so much dialog but I also hate if I can't understand what is happening. The game is also a ""furrie."" What that means is that it as human-like animals. I never played games like these or watched anything like it, so it was an experience. (I don't see anything wrong with it.) The game is a side-scroller with RPG element. Those never were fun to me but Dust: An Elysian Tail was! 9/10 (Battle System made it not 10/10.)"
,Recommended,236090,10925764,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Razith,"If you don't own Dust, Get it.  Amazing game can't wait to go back to it with a controller now."
,Recommended,236090,6942078,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Battryu,"Adventuring into an epic tale of amazing sword skills and great action in this thrilling indie game!It is however full of furries, even if you're not into that, don't let it scare you away, or you'll be losing out on a very beautifully crafted game that has a lovely unique experience to offer!If you like your metroidvania's, then this is a must have! No exceptions."
,Recommended,236090,9406057,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,knighttraviis,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the best of its class. The exploration, the atmosphere, the artstyle, the soundtrack, and gameplay are all top notch and just drip with with tons of charm. You can tell the developer (one guy pretty much) put a lot of love and dedication into making sure the game stayed fun  the entire time. If you're craving for a metroidvania fix, then look no further. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,236090,10956988,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ＤｏｏｄｌｅＢｌｏｂ,"Fidget is kawaii and I mashed some buttons and my character did some cool stuff.10/10No seriously though, great game, good gameplay and controls (with a game controller atleast, havent tested with keyboard) and the story is interesting and enough to keep you hooked for most of the game.  Huehuehue."
76561198069152566,Recommended,236090,10532642,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fizzlestixx,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an elegant masterpiece.I actually bought this game on a mere whim, when I felt I wanted to try a new game, and this was on sale, so I decided to give it a shot. That has turned out to be one of the best game purchases of my life.So, why should you buy Dust: An Elysian Tail?First, the beautifully hand-crafted art is to die for.Second, as an action-packed platformer, the combat system is easy to learn but hard to master. You'll take awhile before youlearn how to snag achievements like That's More Like It (Successfully complete a 1000+ hit combo) and The Stuff of Legends (Earn a Four-Star Rating in EVERY Challenge Arena), which makes it that little bit sweeter when you do.Third, apart from it's main storyline, there are many side-quests and secret locations to conquer and discover. Looking to uncover them all? Don't stop at 100% completion, it goes up to 117% completion. Amen.Last, but certainly not least, is the compelling storyline. There is a fine balance between humour and drama. You'll be hooked to follow the storyline up till the grand finale.Your parents probably told you to never talk to strangers, but I need you to trust me and do yourself a favour by purchasing and playing this game. You have no idea what you're missing out on if you don't."
76561198074117319,Recommended,236090,16406650,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Love Wizard,"Im loving this game. The art is beautiful, the story is engaging, and the combat is pretty satisfying. A great buy."
,Recommended,236090,19326081,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,KTastrophe,"+1 thumbAn apt combination of Devil May Cry's hack n' slash-ing, the aerial combat of Otogi: Demon Souls, and the aesthetic of Odin Sphere. I find the chain/combo mechanics really satisfying, but there's also a healthy dose of exploration between brawls. It plays very, very well, and everything about it screams ""quality"". An outstanding effort for an indie game, and a worthy heir to the long-neglected mantle of a great genre."
76561198041122219,Recommended,236090,9568807,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,EmperorCcin,"I don't think I can possibly recommend this game enough. It has excellent fast-paced gameplay, a short, straightforward yet deep and moving storyline, and most of all it has beautiful graphics with an excellent soundtrack. There are very few games that come this close to perfection, although it does has it's drawbacks. Certain characters can get tedious at times (I.E. Fidget) and  the combat system makes you heavily rely on evading and parrying more than anything else, and then there's the terrible possibility that the story and environment just don't suit your taste (Shame on you). Still, this is a really great game and everyone should give it a chance.Pros:+Exellent fast-past gameplay, even if it's a bit hack-and-slash+Allows you to develop your own custom build (to a certain extent)+Exellent Soundtrack and Graphics+Story is deep yet very easy to grasp+-Cute characters (This may be a con depending on how you view this)+Plenty of extra stuff to do to keep you busy, or you can speed through the entire thingCons:-Need to rely more on evasion/parrying heavily-Take massive damage late-game, even if you pool all your stat gems into defence-You may find some characters annoying"
,Recommended,236090,11129673,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DT76,"This game wasn't quite what I expected.  It's one of those titles where the enemies are pretty tough & do a lot of damage, but are slow and telegraph their attacks.  Your character, on the other hand, is fragile and doesn't hit very hard, but can attack with great rapidity.  So, your only chance of winning (esp. on the higher difficulties) is to keep your foes stunlocked  with an all-out assault, chaining hits and special moves together to never give them an opening.  As I've stated before, I don't really like fighting games, where you have to pull off specific key combinations with millisecond timing.  This is pushing things a little, but I was still able to use the combos they had programmed in, which is fortunately not that many.  This does limit the depth of the system and mean the combats can get very same-y after a while, though.So, it feels kind of incongruous.  Your protagonist is basically a walking abattoir, chewing through monsters with gusto.  Except he's also supposed to be a rabbit, I guess?  And all the other characters are cartoon animals too?  The story similarly veers back and forth between srs bzns and light-hearted banter.  It doesn't help matters that the game is one of the worst offenders in the Cutesy Sidekick That Never Shuts Up category.The art and animation are top-notch, considering this is a small-budget title.  It's not quite up there with the Odin Spheres of the world, but damn close.  The whole game is a bit on the short side, and probably much shorter still if you don't bother  hunting down all the sidequests and collecting everything.  That said, I had a lot of fun with it, and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys action-RPGs."
,Recommended,236090,11172500,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ri[N]amon.,"Fun , speedy-hack n slash game... the artwork also beautiful to be seen...just some part of the game , it's feel to easy (mostly 1 / 2 hit on regular enemy , even thou I take the ""tough / hard"" difficulty)"
76561198077134045,Recommended,236090,11195379,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,H_Jun5,NIce Game !
76561198040067185,Recommended,236090,11818410,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Iggy Morty,"I have always been a fan of anime and games in the same genre, and playing a side scroller like this was very fun. I only wish they would actually continue a developement in an animated series"
,Recommended,236090,11854141,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,BeddyTimes,"This game has a great story, soundtrack, and tight controls. I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,236090,11920924,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ShadowCarn,"This game is amazing, the art is beautiful, the combat is satisfying, the quests are fun. There's a lot of returning and backtracking that is optional. The story connected with me in a way I haven't experienced before. The voice acting for the most part is almost flawless. This is the first game i have ever bothered to 100%"
,Recommended,236090,12141430,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Your Royal Spookiness,"This game.  It's something.  As to what it is, I'll leave it to you to determine.  Love it for the gameplay.  Hate it for the furries.  I don't really care, but the thing that sells this game to me is the sheer determination of the development for this game.  It's a long story, so do some research yourself.  Great animations, likeable characters, and an amazing soundtrack.  Truly an experience."
,Recommended,236090,17781957,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin's Review: Dust: An Elysian Tail. A Beautiful Gem That Revitalized My Love of Gaming.Genre: 2D Sidescrolling Metroidvania with Light RPG elementsDeveloped and Published by: Humble Hearts LLC & Microsoft Studios.Platform: Windows, Mac & Linux plus Xbox 360 and iOS.Business Model: Base Game.Copy purchased by myself.Read the full and unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeOverall Gameplay ThoughtsDust is a 2D metroidvania and RPG light game that focuses on combat, questing and character interactions along with some exploration and backtracking. Dust’s only weapon throughout the entire game is a one handed sword and a special ability called Dust storm. It’s a fairly long game ranging about 15 hours in length. Set in the fantasy world of Falana, Dust is awakened by the presence of Ahrah a talking sword that sets him on his quest to figure out who or what he is. All the while, Dust must discover new powers and abilities to traverse the 2D landscape. There is some backtracking when you discover new equipment and special abilities that assist in reaching new areas otherwise previously locked off. What you will find in these secret areas are keys (used for chests), chests, cages or other items of importance. This metroidvania is combined with a light-RPG system that lets you level up attributes with experience and equip gear to become a more powerful warrior. There's also a somewhat extensive amount of conversations to be had with the denizens of the land.Combat System ThoughtsDust features a lively aerial sword combat throughout the game. The combat system in Dust is extremely responsive and a real treat to experience. Dust has sword strike attacks, dodges and parry counter attacks in addition to a special ability. The main idea is to keep Dust’s hit chain, by striking an enemy as many times as possible, in order to increase his experience and damage. The aforementioned special ability is called Dust Storm. You will be using this ability a lot but it’s a whole lot of fun. It’s where Dust stands still on the ground (or runs around in the air) swinging his sword in a all directions. Not the most useful sword attack considering you're standing still, but that's where Dust's flying companion Fidget comes in. When combined with Fidget’s projectile attack, an ability that consumes your energy meter, you can pull off some impressive magical combos that will heavily damage all enemies in an area. Fidget only gains three different types of projectile attacks, each with their own particular strengths and weaknesses. Combined with some combo attacks that fling enemies into the air, Dust has a very fluid and dynamic aerial combat that is just really enjoyable. Oh and the energy system (which is also used for dodging) is regenerated by subsequent successful attacks and a high hit chain.Character ThoughtsFeaturing a cast of anthropomorphic creatures, Dust has a fairly rich range of them. Dust, the main protagonist, is assisted by the enigmatic sword Ahrah and the sidekick Fidget. Initially suffering from amnesia, Dust agrees to go on a journey to discover who he is and what happened to his memories. Which will eventually lead to fighting against an invading force that threatens to destroy everything in its path and protecting others from the side-effects of the war. Ahrah on the other hand is there to be...enigmatic. He won’t straight talk all that often and clearly knows more than he’s letting on. You’ll either like or dislike him, which can also be said about Fidget. The guardian of Ahrah, this high-pitched sidekick promises to be either endearing or annoying to most players. I personally found her endearing with the jokes, references and fourth-wall breaking along with her steadfast friendship with Dust. I can understand though if many won’t find her so amusing.PC Settings & Audio/VideoDust has one of the best customizable settings option menus I’ve seen for a 2D metroidvania. This isthestandard all developers should meet when publishing a PC game, especially when porting from consoles. You’ve got all the choices necessary for resolution options. Full-screen is on/off. It would have been nice to see a fullscreen windowed mode but oh well. It does allow for up to 120FPS though you’ll have to disable the in-game V-Sync and force it outside the game. Depth of field, post processing (bloom, motion blur and shader effects) and weather effects can be turned on or off to improve performance. Anti-aliasing settings can’t be messed with but whatever default is being implemented, it works well. There’s variable refresh on/off otherwise known as v-sync. The character portrait quality (when conversing with people) can be set to normal or high. The HUD can also be adjusted to suit your needs and there’s even a color blind mode. Dust works optimally with a controller (whose vibration can be turned off) but you can get by with mouse and keyboard. Mouse and keyboard can have their keys rebound. As far as performance is concerned, Dust is rock solid and I haven’t had any bugs or crashing problems.Dust has an excellent soundtrack by Hyperduck Soundworks. I continually relisten to it over and over again and it still rates as one of my favorite game soundtracks. It features an instrumental/orchestral collection of tracks that range from calm and thoughtful up to powerful and epic. I get emotional every time I hear it again. I would recommend picking it up on theirBandcamp page. Visually, Dust features an excellent animated style in the same vein as Disney classics of old, with a cast of anthropomorphic characters in a far flung fantasy land. With a rich and fluid animation style, Dust comes alive. To the point that even the cutscenes look slightly worse than the game itself, funnily enough. There’s a whole host of different creatures and locations to be seen and experienced. It doesn’t cut any corners, allowing it impress the entire time.Final ThoughtsDust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful gem of a game even if it isn’t a perfect one. It’s a labor of love done almost entirely by a single developer that, frankly, should be the standard of quality all one-man developer teams should shoot for. It’s imperfections are minor ones between some of the characters being potentially annoying for some (Fidget most notably), the combat system is sometimes a little bit too easy even on hard settings and the crafting system often feeling pointless. Still, I feel like these are minor quibbles. Dust will forever hold a special place for me for revitalizing my love of gaming. Its highly responsive combat system, beautifully crafted visuals, enjoyable storyline and memorable characters sealed its award as my game of the year in 2013. Kudos that I continue to support to this day. Thank you Humble Hearts.Read the full and unabridged review on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,236090,10937721,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HYPER CHAMP,"Its pretty good, suffers from that same problem lots of RPGs do where combat later on devolves into a single OP strategy but by the end its not even about the combat its about using your crazy powers to jump around and explore. Also the character designs are offputting, its hard for me to take this plot about genocide and war seriously when general Gaius has such big eyes. I don't even know why I remember that. 110% completion get it."
,Recommended,236090,24180518,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,☭КомпотПапа☭,"A MUST HAVE GAMEI won't lie. I bought this game on a sale and I wasn't so excited about it. However, I gave it a try and I was proven right! Dust: An Elysian Tail captured my interest with its amazing combat system. It's simple, but SO much fun. The story is better and it definately deserves a shot. It also has nice replayability as you have still sh*t to do when you finish the story...you can even choose what to do next. The game offers a certain amount of difficulty and that's cool cause you feel like you're playing a well-made game.SUM UP :-Fun combat system-Replayability-Awesome, touching story-Well made graphics, levels etc.Buy it."
,Recommended,236090,11190055,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Rex | tipofthehats.org,"Those on my Steam friends list will have noticed that I've been playing this game almost non-stop since I bought it on the last day of the 2014 Summer Sale. So, easily, I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a game to sink some time into, or even just play here and there. It's got some features that make the game satisfying to play through even if you don't care for the story.Dust: AET is a 2-D platformer that plays a bit like a beat-em-up. Maybe not intentionally, but still like it.  The combat system is similar to that of Muramasa: The Demon Blade, so fans of this game would probably enjoy Dust: AET as well.  Essentially, you have your left and your right mouse buttons, and using different combinations of them (along with Fidget's projectiles) you can perform different moves to beat up your foes!With that in mind, the game is essentially very easy even if you're spamming buttons. I started my game on casual and because of the lack of issues I ran into, I bumped it up to normal. Found the game to be slightly tougher but not too much.  The gameplay itself wasn't too challenging, save for the timing on parrying though if you test it for a bit you'll get the hang of it.  The puzzles aren't difficult either, and only had real trouble with one or two, though finding some of the hidden secrets can be a challenge but the map tells you in what section they are which helps.The story is decent, and it's what kept me playing the game (after the addicting combat style in which it felt fun to beat up enemies). The story has it's ups and downs, and while predictable in some elements, it does have some twists that I didn't expect, along with dealing with racism and death.Overall, I massively enjoyed the game, way more than I expected to, and would have happily paid the full game price if I knew I would have had that much fun with it! If it happens to go on sale and you're contemplating getting the game, I say go for it.  At the very least you can feel like a blade-spinning tornado god with the massive amount of damage and destruction you can do with multiple enemies on the screen."
76561198016894195,Recommended,236090,8419522,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zei,I havent Finished this game yet but so far I really liked it. Its An Action Based Sidescroller. It has a Good Story and beautiful graphics. I would have gotten this sooner if I had realized steam had it. I always tough it was only for the Xbox 360. Anyways its good... go get it. Now let me get back to my game
,Recommended,236090,23824670,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A beautiful hand-painted 2D platformer. The combat is good, but doesn't change much throughout the game. Good music and story - play it if you like platformers."
,Recommended,236090,8525778,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,N3XU5,Fatastic game! Colorful. User friendly. Very addictive.
,Recommended,236090,11924890,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Morpheuskibbe,Its the most adorable little RPG game ever
,Recommended,236090,7919380,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Xideo,"Really enjoyable game woth ""metroidvania"" elements. Combat's a bit simple but it does the job. Great job Dean Dodril!"
,Recommended,236090,20924818,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ChronosTC,Is it bad I couldn't even shed a tear at the ending despite trying to force myself to shed one single tiny tear?Yeah.It was difficult to attempt fake crying.I'll goto the corner of shame now.I felt no remorse or sadness at the game's ending.
,Recommended,236090,10346036,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Avolition,"This game is magical.  It's the first platformer that's held my attention since platformers came on cartridges.  This game is proof that no matter how simple the concept, if you execute with skill, passion and attention to detail, the result can be something truly special."
,Recommended,236090,1394013,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Kazuma,"This game is absolutly amazing. When this came out of the Xbox 360 I continously hoped it would come to PC and now here it is. The story, the characters, the gameplay. It all comes together to give you an expence unlike any other. I can not recommend this game enough. Get it and play it."
,Recommended,236090,24463156,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,teriven verien lord of chaos,"this game is amazing 14.99 is a steal for the fun youll have, well if you enjoy games like masumora demon blade, no sidegrades though, but it duesnt need them (plus sometimes sidegrades can be a little dumb), amazing story beutiful characters, and a little bit of a feel trip, i recommed playing on tough or higher, HAVE FUN!"
76561198022863859,Recommended,236090,21630330,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MJ,"ProsThis game was made with love and you can feel itCombat systemYou actually feel stronger when you level upCool power-upsThe leveling system isn't a grindfestConsI would like 1 or more 2 combos to be availableIt takes some time to see how great this game isGraphicsBeautiful drawn scenarios and charactersGameplayThe leveling system is simple and welcomingFull controller support, 0 complaintsMonsters drop loot like gear and materials you can use to craft even more gear. Gear makes a huge, but positive, differenceAudioNicely craftedThe dialog voices were good but not amazingFinal ThoughtsI didn't know anything about this game when I picked it up and, to be honest, I was just looking to finish it. However, the more I played, the more I loved this game. I found out it was developed by one guy and, wow, amazing job. Kudos for you, sir.I had a great time playing this game. It went from a game I wanted to finish, to a game I wanted to fully complete and enjoy the most of it. It grew inside me.Everything is simple enough but in a good way.This game tries to be many things. An adventure, a platformer, a RPG and an action hack and slash game. You know what? It works. Its like a perfect mixture of those ingredients that results in a tasty, sweet game that I'm sure will also grow inside you.Recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,3884124,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Megillot,"Bright and colourful action-RPG with simple ""good versus evil"" story.Graphics and animations are beautiful. Makes exploring the levels searching for hidden items even more enjoyable.Combat is simple but fun - you have only three buttons for it: basic attack, special attack and projectile attack, and by combining them you can chain truly massive combos - one sidequest requires you to perform a 1000 hit combo.You'll like it if you liked Ys or 2D Castlevamia games."
,Recommended,236090,8584608,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,LoneWolfGamingn00b,"This game is great in every single way possible. The art style is amazing, and the voice acting is incredible. I wound recommend this game to everyone. Plus you get trading cards...okay not so great, but that's either extra cash or more xp for your account. The gameplay is great with many differant combos, and attacks. Please get it because it has Game of the Year material written, drawn, and recorded all over it."
,Recommended,236090,15179735,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Magifoy,"I have played Dust on xbox before, and yes, its still worth it!The game is awesome, lots of funny dialog, I had a lot of fun playing Dust.Tottaly worth it!"
,Recommended,236090,31468097,Posted: 30 April,all,Jarmond,"Art style, music, combat mechanics, level design - all absolutely beautiful. Only things I didn't like about this game were the character design and the voice acting. Most voice actors weren't too bad, but some of them were just really awful... Basically, it's a nice hack-and-slash RPG scroller which has s slightly free-roam feel. The main quest is quite short, but it is very enjoyable. The multitude of side-objectives and mini-games definitely flesh it out for the completionists. Again, its a short game, but it is worth every cent. I really enjoyed this game, and I would recommend it 100%."
76561198100790837,Recommended,236090,25776869,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Shepherd,"This is a great platformer game with a good story, characters, and action combat. The controls are very responsive and overall I had a blast playing this game. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants a good action platformer with some rpg elements mixed in. Another plus to this game is the many ways that I could traverse a level while going to other levels provided I had unlocked the other powers."
,Recommended,236090,25338835,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Hikaru,"I am at a loss for words to describe how amazing, and beautiful this game is. All I can really say is that this is one of my favorite RPGs of all time. 10/10"
76561198212168784,Recommended,236090,26119061,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Lechanmoo,most beautiful game in gameplay and graphics. it is the greatest game i have ever played and had a uniqueness no other game has ever had before. it made me shed a few tears at a lot of points in the story and the backstory is one of the most mindblowingly amazing ones ever. i recommend this to everyone. this game deserves at leat 1000 out of 10.
,Recommended,236090,8202875,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ShockCoil,"This game has solid combat that makes you feel like a god when you pull off combos. Well done story and great characters along with a superbly done art style with a great soundtrack; the trailer and screenshots tell no lie. Get this game, no excuses."
,Recommended,236090,22601990,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SquarelyCircle,"Fun 2D sidescrolling action!  Some of the best controls for a controller based PC game!  The characters and animation are well done, fun, and interesting.  I'm very glad I played this game.  It reminded me of playing Megaman or Viewtiful Joe back when they were good... all the well designed abilities, etc."
76561197994746943,Recommended,236090,22533412,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gone Alone,10/10 would play again.It's simple but yet amazing. Compelling story-line and fun side characters.
,Recommended,236090,22759275,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,chim1aap,Sooo pretty.
,Recommended,236090,19530235,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MrValdez,"Very polish game. It has great combat and great art.Attacking, launching projectiles, juggling the enemies to keep the combos up, evading if you notice the enemy starting their attack animation, and parrying. These are the essential for combat. And Dust has polished its mechanics to perfection. It's a lot of fun doing all the above. It makes you feel like a badass once you start to get into the rhythm.But its a relatively easy game for action players. I've finished the game in tough mode on my first try. If you've played other action games like Devil May Cry, I'll suggest going straight to tough mode.I'm a completionist, so it took me 15 and a half hours to finish (plus 30 mins to rush a new game on the casual difficulty to get to a certain quest to get 100% achievement). But I've noticed a lot of ways to speedrun this game and I think it can be beaten in less than 5 hours if you don't do the sidequests.Summary: Highly recommended for the great combat. The game is very polished."
,Recommended,236090,33691226,Posted: 21 July,all,THE_NAT,"Now let me start this off with saying that going in to this game I had mixed feelings, I had heard great things from friends but the game was not my useual game, On top of that the art style was.... Odd to say the least. So when I opened Dust for the first time I dident know what to expect and my god was I impressed. Now dust is a Metroidvaina like Metroid... or Castlevania. Now I have never played a Metroidvaina before so I cant judge if it did a good job of that or not, But one thing I can asshure you of is that this game is well worth your money.--Controls--This game supports both Controler and Keyboard, Now this game was intended for controler but I played and beat the game with just keyboard and mouse.--Length--You can any% speedrun this game in under 20 minutes, You can rush the game and beat it in 10 hours, You can try for a 100% run in about 15 hours or you can try and complete all the achevments in about 20 hours but you wont strech it mush longet than that. Regardless it will be the best 20 hour gaming marathon of your life.--Story--Now this is a story drivin game with maby not the strongest story but a good one none the less. The story quality of this game is simaler to to the story quality of Skyrim, Not the best but not bad by any means.--Rpg--Now Dust also has a leveling system where every level you egt a skill gem to put into a stat (Health, Attack, Defence, and Fidget who is you ""Spell caster"") Along with that Items help you progress to with rather lage stat boosts for example A skill point in Attack might be [Attack 30 > 80]  And a Item might be [Attack+80  Fidget x1.1  Gold drop X1.5]I must say overall this is one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198061304549,Recommended,236090,33567994,Posted: 15 July,all,NC Stuntman,"Game beaten, completely loved it, though wish I could have gotten the ridiculous 1000 hit combo, am not even sure how I was supposed to pull that off unless I intentionally put all my points into all the other stats minus the two that cause damage, then remove all +ATK items and hope to god that some enemy does get one of those ""impossible,"" love taps that breaks the chain...  Wish it could have continued, but game ended after a few hours.  Could have done without the supposed cut scenes, felt it was rather amateur hour art but the gameplay made it forgiveable.  Would recommend, good game overall."
,Recommended,236090,8306463,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Meow-Chow ≧◠‿◠≦✌,Brilliant storyline and great gameplay!
,Recommended,236090,10280675,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Katauni,"Let me start by saying I cried twice while playing this game.The second time it took me a while to stop.Never before have i played a game with a story so strong and heart-tugging that i had to constantly stop just to take a deep breath.Dust: An Elysian Tail is a side-scrolling adventure like no other. The character development. voice work, and plot are so prefected i can't even begin to describe it.The gameplay is smooth and flawless. While yes, you can only have one sword (It's essential to the plotline), its one hell of a sword. The enemies, minibosses and bosses are colorful and unique, and through my 10 hours of playing my first game i never stopped experimenting with combo's. (That 1000 point combo.... damn!)Your little companion, Fidget, has to be the most adorable character i've ever seen in a game of this type. I fell i love with her sarcasm and tough-girl act immediately. Her range moves also helped me through many a tough spot. But really the main reason i like having her around is becuase i can always count on her to make me smile in the darker parts of the game.This game may be rated E, but thats a stretch. Some moments in this game really play your heart strings. Like i said before, i cried twice, and i dont cry often. The story makes this game, it really does.The item and shop system is a masterpiece. I found myself returning to familiar places to collect up on new supplies to sell, trade and send to the blacksmith for better stuff. There are hundreds of items from sword augments to armor to food (Don't eat the Mysterious Wall Chicken. It's mysterious.) to jewelry.The soundtrack hit spot on in this game. I did, more than once, find myself standing still on a level just to hear the beautiful, spooky, or just plain awesome music.The average playthrough of this game is about 10 hours. That;s how long it took me. If you rush you could probably do it in 8. if you take the time to do all the side quests and collect all the best items you could be at this game for 50 hours or more.It's worth it though.NOTE: Once you complete the game, you cannot return to the world. make sure you do everything you want to BEFORE you take on the ending.This game is (If played in normal or higher) not a cake walk. It's a hard game that challenges you to experiment and get creative. There are moments where you will be gritting your teeth. The final boss battle was so intense i was off my chair.(If you play on casual, the game is MUCH more relaxed, since the death sysem reverts to a ""Lose EXP, but keep playing"" system.)As far as visuals go: My god. The game is beautifully crafted. Never before have i seen a side-scroller quite like this. It's just breathtaking, it really is.All in all, this game is a masterpiece that deserves far more attention than it gets. Buy it now, i promise you you will not be sorry.10/10"
76561198044989053,Recommended,236090,14007227,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jay,"+ Fast/easy action combat+ Platforming that's easy to control+ Simple but rewarding RPG elements+ Good story, great humor to go with it+ Beautifuly done graphics- Some combo's can make a couple bosses trivial- The humor can sometimes get old.  Luckily they're fairly short jokesEnjoyed the game from start to finish.  Combat was as simple as button mashing or using combo's to decimate.  Platforming never felt like it wanted to punish me needlessly.  It's got a little bit of everything, from leveling, item farming, form of crafting and spells/abilities while it made everything very accessible and eased you into each new mechanic.  It's a simple game to pick up and still feel accomplished."
,Recommended,236090,7398683,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Snus,"Amazing art, good level design, cool characters, a lot of secrets and challenges. The only drawback is repetitive combat. But still a must buy."
,Recommended,236090,22525928,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Not Doomfist,Almost turned me into a furry. 10/10(Actually is solid and great game that I recommend)
76561198030363460,Recommended,236090,30875554,Posted: 1 April,all,RedShirtKing,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful game. The art style is so entrancing that it's worth noting how easy it is to get drawn into this world before discussing anything else. Yes, it has anthropomorphic protagonists, but that really shouldn't keep you from giving this game a chance. The combat is tight and fast paced, providing some challenge without ever feeling overwhelming. I was able to get through most of the game without too much trouble fighting enemies, all of which match each location well and build a world you want to explore. I came much closer to 100%-ing the game than I ever planned to, because I had so much fun using the game's many platforming mechanics to explore every inch of each level. There are plenty of collectibles for people who enjoy that kind of thing, but if you'd rather plow through each level and just complete the story, you'll still have a great time. I do want to give the writing some credit here. While I can't say I was particularly surprised by where it led, the game does a great job fleshing out the characters and getting the player invested in uncovering the secrets that hide what really happened in our hero's past (yes, it's an amnesia story. Yes, it goes exactly where you think it will. No, that doesn't hurt your enjoyment of this game). The variety of movement options to explore the map are all fun and rewarding when you pull off each combo just right. I'm still amazed all of this was created by a solo developer. It truly raises the bar for a personal project like this.If I had to give a criticism, I'd say the ending is a pretty harsh difficulty spike. The final boss has multiple steps to it, and the final level is WAY more difficult that anything you've played to that point. It's not brutal, per se, but it does feel like a more gradual curve could have helped brace the player for enemies who know how to block your combos effectively. However, this is the most minor of nitpicks.I loved this game, and if you enjoy story-based adventure/platformers, you'll likely love this too. I couldn't recommend it more highly."
,Recommended,236090,30582989,Posted: 17 March,all,Babou,First game I ever bought on Steam. Well worth it.
,Recommended,236090,30484630,Posted: 12 March,all,Vegan The Hedgehog,It is jaw dropping with it's gameplay and art style! Really worth the asking price!
,Recommended,236090,30564398,Posted: 17 March,all,Spooky eyeball gum (DragonCats),"One of the best 2D sidescrolling, button mashing, beat-em up I've played in a while"
76561198067850422,Recommended,236090,30783511,Posted: 27 March,all,Tackle Hugs,"Keep in mind this is a platformer, which are prone to repetitive gameplay (it is, however, by no means boring, I still have a lot of fun). It's not an extremely long game either but has some length, depending on how much you dork around like me. That being said -Jesus F***ing Christ it's so pretty, the storytelling is compelling and I genuinely care for the main characters. The plot is wonderful and the characters aren't flat, they have personality and change as the story progresses. The music adds so much to the experience as well, lighthearted when times are good and heavy when danger looms. And do I NEED to get started on the bunnies?This game is criminally underrated. If you're looking for something with chalanging gameplay, go play Dark Souls. If you want something that tells a beautiful story with wonderful characters, get Dust."
76561198079795608,Recommended,236090,30888434,Posted: 1 April,all,vilvec,"It's been a while.But. Dust offers great 2D action gameplay, that works well with Keyboard & Mouse.It offers a touching story.I have only fond memories when thinking about it."
,Recommended,236090,30413426,Posted: 9 March,all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),Really well done game. The story is pretty interesting. The combat feels amazing. It looks ♥♥♥♥ing great.Basicly the only cons I could think of are the somewhat instabilty of voice acting quality and the lame bosses.The rest is top notch.
,Recommended,236090,6184984,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Nintendo,"Прекрасная игра. Захватывающий сюжет, необычные персонажи, моральный выбор. И всё это сделано одним человеком!"
,Recommended,236090,8610735,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Reto,"Great game. Very catching plot, already from the very beginning.Combat system is simple, yet a lot of fun to dig. A decent number of combos and possible ""moves"" leaves some space to creativity against different foes.I wish the game was longer, but even for a short game it was time and money well spent."
,Recommended,236090,2768587,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Nuro,"Dust is one of my favourite games of all time. The graphics: beautiful art, fluid animations, stunning effects. The music: I wish there was an option to buy the soundtrack on Steam! The combat: side-scrolling combat similar to Odin Sphere or Muramasa with more flashy yet simplistic build-your-own combos (no memorizing button combos past simple 3-button presses). And how can you not love a game where you can suplex high-tech helicopters! Seriously, buy this game!Note that even though it is a 2D game, you may need to lower graphics settings due to the quantity and quality of effects on maximum."
,Recommended,236090,8245231,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,UU,"Ashes to ashes, Dust to dust.A Beautifully hand-drawn game with excellent visuals and an Adventure vibe that I don't get a lot anymore from other games.The combat system is solid, and the storyline, the characters, are good. They aren't excellent, but the loveliness of the game makes up for it.One gripe that I have is the spammy nature of the combat systems (specifically the projectile). Still, I highly recommend this game for its visual appeal, and solid experience everywhere else."
76561198100186752,Recommended,236090,33991713,Posted: 3 August,all,kaikoveritch,"While I'm not 100% convinced by the character design and voice acting, the backgrounds are gorgeous, the gameplay very fun and fluid and the story is relatively fresh and interesting. In the end, I think that the negatives of the game are easily outweighed by the solid design: dynamic and well balanced combat, some level of wonder and exploration and relatively good replayability. I had a great time with this game and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,1676050,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Felix Fox,"Absolutely amazing; the action is fluid and intense, the story is exciting to know what happens next, and the characters are believable. The backgrounds are beautiful as well -- I heard they were hand-painted!Overall, this, without a doubt, is my favorite game of 2013. I would very highly recommend it for anyone with an interested in an action-platformer-RPG."
,Recommended,236090,7789293,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,LawyerDog,"Dust is a very smooth game, the combat and writing are pretty solid and the game can be pretty funny at times. What I enjoyed most about the game was the movement, you have a few good movement techniques and with timing and cancelling you have a great deal of movement options, which if properly used can be used to sequence break a bit to get items, which is always satisfying."
76561198071721909,Recommended,236090,7923080,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tony,"I'd HIGHLY recommend this game.Reasons why? it's for one a side scrolling game (some may find this intriguing to know) second it has an amazing story! so well thought out and leaves you on the edge of your set, not to mention there are tons of side quests to do. and saving the best for last it sets it self up for a sequel, or it can be left to the imagination.defently an 11/10 and worth the $15"
76561198029933189,Recommended,236090,16616210,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rigodon,Has a little bit of everything.
,Recommended,236090,3818514,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"side-scrolling hack-and-slash game with RPG element. and furry characters.pro:- quite cheap, only $15. totally worth it- control is good, also suited for keyboard users- graphic not too demanding, considering it's an indie game. although i con't care about graphics much.- combat system is fluid and smooth- can craft your own weapon augments, armors and accesorries- Fidget is damn cute and funny. and annoying :Pcon:- lack of combo for hack-and-slash game. most of time just spam dust storm + projectile.- boss battle is too easy, even on Hard mode.- for soundtracks, only few are memorable.please comment if got anything to add or disagree :)"
,Recommended,236090,18557037,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Stymie,"Probably one of the best indie platformer I've ever played. Controls and story is very solid and good. It has very decent voice acting and the environment is really well design, as if it really draws you in. You'll be most likely be craving for a sequal after finishing this game. Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,30024956,Posted: 18 February,all,Chrystian Sereia,"The good:Good graphicsGood combatGreat explorationVery challenging (in the highest difficulty) and very easy to learn at the same time.You can see in the map wich areas you didn't cololect the treasuresThe bad:-It's short. around 15 hours to finish it with all the achievements.-At the last map, there are too much characters on the screen, making it a little difficult to identify wich is wich.-To get to some treasures you need to get some abilities first and then go back to where the treasure is.My favorite side-scrolling. Better played is using a Xbox 360 controller.If you like games like Metroid Fusion, it's definitely a must buy"
,Recommended,236090,16654679,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"Discount Snaski,",Very fun. Good story. Lengthy for the price.Defenatly a title worth your money
76561198086782861,Recommended,236090,8410280,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ice QB,"I'm only around 2 hours into the game, but I'm really enojying it! visuals are gorgeus, characters are deigned well (especially fidget, who is adorable >.<) Despite this being a port, it is probably the best PC port I have played, and works well with mouse controlls, it's also notable that this game has a colour blind mode, a feature which alot more games need. The soundtrack is great, visuals great, combat great, characters great, voice acting great - all by one guy. Just buy it It's worth the money, especially in the sale."
76561198056099356,Recommended,236090,12627895,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Eta Carina,"Pros:Beautiful artworkGreat combatGood voice actingEmotional momentsFantastic story tellingSidescrolling hack and slash funFurriesCons:Only one combat animation, no real movement variety"
,Recommended,236090,11902711,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Caramel,"Has Fidget, 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,11285302,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Prouner,"Dust: An Elysian Tail have become one of my favorite games of all time. The art style is just amazing and the game looks and feels really smooth. Combined with good controls the combat is brilliant and fun, and does not leave much to be desired. (Except for maybe a few more combos?)The world is filled with secrets, and as the game goes on you acquire new powers. These powers help you get to treasures in areas you have already explored. This makes for some backtracking, but because of the beautiful world and fun gameplay it did not bother me at all. The treasures are also quiet rewarding. Giving you food, equipment or even items for crafting. Each time you level up you also get 1 stat point which can be used too boost your stats the way you want.The story is entertaining and its succeeds in getting you exited wondering about what is going to happen or all the questions you twist your brain around. The voice acting is one of the best i have listened to in a while and gives all the characters stand forth as individuals with feelings and different personalities. So doing side quests for them does not feel generic at all and is a good way to enjoy the full extent of the whole world.All in all it is a brilliant game with very few, if not none, flaws. Its very replay able and it is grown to be one of the games i set highest on my list. Dust: An Elysian Tail is not a game you want to miss out on."
,Recommended,236090,13616813,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nordeck,"Nice, smooth graphics style. Solid gameplay. All in all-a platformer u won't regret playing."
,Recommended,236090,7890182,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Blubber Ducky,gud
,Recommended,236090,11957025,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Sombiez*,although I just finish the game once but i can say that this game got a very interesting storyline also nice gameplay!
,Recommended,236090,17119459,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Panda,Just the best game I ever played! This is a amazing game with a amazing story!
76561198081465948,Recommended,236090,7850395,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bio,10 out of 10 would bang
76561198020571618,Recommended,236090,8547727,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nobody Special,"Dust... Ah, Dust...I could go on about the great writing and the beutiful world, but one is already apparent and the other would keep us here for hours, so I'll just talk about the gameplay.At it's core, Dust is actualy a simple game. there's your standard combo, and a couple branching moves including a launch, for bringing your fights to the sky, and a grab move, both of which are inisiated during your standard combo. In other words, your entire moveset is unlocked straight off, and is suprisingly small.So does this mean the game gets boreing fast? I suppose that depends on your own mentality. If your looking for a game with clear advancment such as unlockable skill trees, classes, and such, this is not for you. This game will get stale fast.If your looking for a game about mastery, this is the game for you. Just because Dust's moveset is small does not make it easy to master.You will spend hours upon hours honeing your ability to chain dust's various attacks together, with each passing minuet becoming more fluid and building up larger combos. You'll start learning when to group enemys up and when to pick out the straggelers. You'll learn which moves flow into the next. You'll learn about dodge-canceling. You'll learn about how to effectivly use the dust storm. You'll learn when to use Fidget's magic, untill eventualy you'll be wracking up 1000+ combos without batting an eye.Dust is, at it's core, a game about mastery. Thats all there really is to be said."
,Recommended,236090,7932411,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Koala,"This game is absolutely beautiful in every sense. The art style is fairly original and really well done, the gameplay is thrilling and the characters and plot feel authentic and well-done. Excellent game. Buy it.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8383663,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pandora's Fox,"This game is great. It has an amazing art style, great gameplay, and cool music, too. Its story is engrossing, too.It seems that the gameplay might be a bit short, since I'm already 20% through after about 3 hours.The fight mechanics are interesting, as you need to get good at combo chaining quickly. However, the tutorial bit does well at this (it also doesn't seem overtly like a tutorial, either)."
,Recommended,236090,8036714,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bl0rch,"This is a pretty ingenious game that has very good controls and a (predictable) really engaging story. You play as Dust, a warmblood who awakens with no memory of who he is or how he got there. He meets Fidget and a talking sword named Arrah and the three embark on an adventure to discover who he is and what he has to do.The game is a 2D/3D hybrid, much like the style of Shadow Complex. The game has a map system, hidden treasures, and powers that you must acquire in order to go back and find things you might have missed or need to progress.There's also an element of RPG, where by killing enemies, Dust earns XP and can upgrade his stats using skill gems, in the area of health, attack, defense, and Fidget.The combat is very enjoyable and is friendly to people who just like to button mash and those who like to use combo moves. The game rewards you with bonus XP for higher hit combos, so it's in your best interest to not get hit.You can earn money and materials to buy and craft new items to make Dust quite a force to be reckoned with.The voice acting is a little cheesy at some points, but it's pretty enjoyable, and most of the actors they got fit their parts.Some say if you don't really like Anime or ""Furries"" then you shouldn't play this game. I say, that's really not true. Whether or not you're a fan of either, the game is a lot of fun. It's probably a solid 10-11 hours of gameplay if you just want to get through the game, more if you are a completionist. Highly recommended."
76561198035054806,Recommended,236090,7587946,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,sara_bear,"Cartoony design but a true beatumup. A fun, relaxing game."
,Recommended,236090,16407682,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,🌸𝒜𝑒𝓇𝒾𝓉𝒽🎃,"I am not a fan of RPG type games at all. However, when I first saw this game the art is what really caught  my eye. I saw it to be what looked like a beat em up type of game, which I absolutely love those. Considering it had the tag ""RPG"" in it I was a little iffy on whether to get it or not. Steam summer sale came along and I decided to just give this game a try.• The story is wonderful, had me all the way from the beguinning.• The soundtrack is just as beautiful as the artwork for this game.• The dialouge is lovely, had a few chuckles here and there.• Characters are outstanding and their voices are amazing as well, Dust is seriously my favorite right now.I do not regret getting this game, it has become part of my favorite games to play.  From what I know that this game was pretty much made by one person which I am shocked to know that one person managed to create such a beautiful game. I rate this 10/10 definetly!"
,Recommended,236090,10955210,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rock Knight,"THIS GAME MADE BY A DEVIANTART FURRY IS OK IF YOU TRY TO IGNORE THE CHARACTER DESIGN, VOICE ACTING, DIALOGUE, STORY, AND PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING THAT DOESN'T PUT YOUR SWORD INTO ♥♥♥♥♥S."
76561198024774737,Recommended,236090,11318009,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ΔZΛLΞΔ,Good game.
,Recommended,236090,13632030,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ragin Dragon,"Awesome game highly recommend it.the combat is simple yet excitinggraphics are stunning and beautiful.this is my first review so its short, so if your looking at this game buy it !"
,Recommended,236090,14333458,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"One of the best - and beautiful - games I've ever played. Everything about this game is beautiful, including the characters, the graphics, the gameplay, the story, the challenges, the achievements, the music and everything else. (And it gives you 116% of completion of the game, which is better than just 100%, lol.)And there's Fidget. <3A golden star game. Play it."
76561197983850432,Recommended,236090,13219286,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Typsy Danger,"I can't say enough good things about this game. A rare gem in almost every aspect of game design.  Extremely good art, with great sound, tight controls, a good story with endearing characters and a semi-free feeling of exploration make this a real winner.Worth whatever price you currently see it at, though it's often in the steam sales, so FYI.Amazing game."
,Recommended,236090,18074073,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ᎡᏌᏕᎻȠĒᎡÐ,One of the best soundtracks of any game on steam.Fidget is a big adorable fluffy bat thing that will either annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you or melt your heart <3
,Recommended,236090,12246608,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"This little game rewards persistence. I don't mean that in terms of grinding for gear, like in WoW, but in terms of spending a little bit of time unfolding the story... if you like a deep story little twists, and grippnig emotion. That is where this game shines, even if it takes a little to get into (maybe 2h before the story gets interesting).The other noteworthy thing to mention is the soundtrack, it's quite beautiful. No one else seems to talk about it here, so I wanted to make sure that it gets a mention.*yet to complete this game, but I spent a fair bit of time offline with it, thus the ""short"" amount of play time.***OK, I have 99% completed this game - with only 1 achievement outstanding, I wish that I had known this earlier. If you want to get all achievements in this game, start it on ""tough"" difficulty. I had decided that I wanted to 100% this game by about 1.5h - and didn't realise this was one of the requirements. So now i have another 11h of gameplay ahead of me to replay the entire game, just to get this one achievement.*The difference between 100% on Casual vs Tough is 17h vs 20h, if you play it through to completion the first time. it's probably more rewarding, too.The only complaint that I have about the game, is that you cannot skip the ending credits. Seriously.You get warned before the final boss battle that there is ""no turning back once you go past this point"" so you have to go and get everything in the world before you face him, if you want to 100% (actually about 117-120% I believe ingame).It's not a bad entry into the RPG series, as you always feel like you are progressing, never like you are grinding. actually, I levelled up faster than the enemies progressed, so by endgame, I was OP 1hitting almost everything, and 2shotting the hardest minions-type enemies in the game."
76561198024338477,Recommended,236090,12491222,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Daellym,"This is the ONLY game I have EVER played where I actually read the credits at the end. Why you ask? You probably havent but I am going to tell you anyway... This game is so beautifully done that I felt by the end of it it deserved the time to read the names behind it. I really can't find anything to fault with this game. It is, simply put, charming in its delivery.The characters are great, the story is very well delivered and keeps you invested in the what is going on while giving adequete spaces between story for action and mini puzzles.The combat, while simple, also has a degree of complexity that does take some time to master but when mastered makes you feel like such a bad*ss while also punishing your mistakes (keep in mind I only played this on the hardest difficulty setting and quite frankly, at times, it was a f*cking nightmare. It may well be quite easy on the easiest setting).Level design is very well thought out with a great mix of miniture puzzles (to find loot and 'friends'), hazards and a great assortment of enemies to go through.There is even a simple crafting system and an RPG style levelling system that is also VERY well done as it is simple yet effective in what it does. What does it do? Gives you what I would call 'Freedom Control'. Your free to choose the way you are controlled. 'This armour is the best you can get at the moment (controlled)... now would you like to buy that, craft it by hunting enemies for materials by grinding or buy the materials needed?... Your call chuckles."". It works very brilliantly. Even with the leveling system for Dust. While you can be a powerhouse hitter and kill everything in a few hits, you cant be SUCH a heavy hitter that you die in one hit yourself.I would recommend this game to everyone. Not that I think everyone will enjoy it on the level I did but because it is so well done that it deserves to be played by lovers of games. It is masterfully done."
,Recommended,236090,12689345,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Guy_of_Wonder,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the few games I completed entirely, multiple times. I love this game for many reasons: the music is absolutely amazing, the background and characters are beautifully rendered and react to wind, rain and fighting, the combat has about 6-7 combos in total but you have so much freedom of movement that it feels like your pulling off 15-20 string combos, and the story is amazingly compelling. The sidekick you have through the game, Fidget The Nimbat, made me laugh many times and is a really good asset in combat. The combat rewards you for having long unbroken combo chains (there is an sidequest that has you get a 1000 hit combo) and reminds me of something Platinum Games would make.There are many little nods and easter eggs in the game from all of gaming history. They can be usuable items to the merchant to treasures you find in the world. The game really rewards exploration with items and money and health upgrades.The one weakness Dust: An Elysian Tail suffers from is the boss battles. It is usually one enemy that you fight , and it becomes trivial because you dodge their attacks and chain combos on them when there just standing there. The boss battles can be overlooked if you get really interested in the story.I would reccommend you play this game of the ""Tough"" difficulty, because normal is too easy for most people. The ""Hardcore"" difficulty is best saved for a second playthrough because you take more damage and enemies take less damage.I cannot reccommend this game enough to anyone that calls themselves a gamer. If you can get over the fact that the characters are anthromorphic animals and it is metroidvania styled , you will see a compelling story, beautiful design, music that is on par with Super Mario Galaxy, and a combat system that allows you to chain combos indefinitely."
,Recommended,236090,28631878,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Knapperx,"My. God.I got it after hearing all the hubbabaloo around this game, and it sitting in my library for about a year. i finaly decided to play it.........God is it beautifull, beautifull fighting, graphics, everything is awesome.♥♥♥♥, the story was amazing, the dialouge, so much dialogue. I still cant believe this was done by just one person.the 4th wall breaking, it made me chuckle, and smile.It ended well, a good and propper ending, even with a great ending, Im left wanting more.As if the price isnt good enought, its a 19+ hour game. Serously its amazing.......stahpstahp readinggogo buyscroll back up to the buy button"
,Recommended,236090,16683727,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Klkan,"Dust an elysian tail....well make up your mind is it a tail as in whatever the main character has for a tail or the tale of dust...well obvious nitpick aside lets move on.The games artstyle is beautiful, the animations are fantastic, combat and platforming fun, however the game falls flat on its furry tail when it comes to enemy variety, most enemies here are basicly braindead variations of discount disney villans that perform 1 attack and 1 attack alone, occesionally you run into something that uses more but its mostly: Kill the same things over and over untill you reach a boss and wipe the floor with its face cause you are so stupidly overpowered even on hardest difficulity that you anhilate any sense of challange by bashing the left and right mouse buttons...preferebly with your faceThe characters are so sickengly adorable that i cant stay mad at the sidekick:Fidget, which became my personal favorite due to how well voiceacted she is, not to mention she is adorable.The game is optimized perfectly, the port is superb, fantastic performance.Overall a game worth every penny, do support the developer so that maybe one day a sequell can happen, to slap an uneeded score on it  Fidget/10  would buy again twice."
76561198038726412,Recommended,236090,10927169,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JaydenMoon,Beautiful and Fun - just buy it and play it
,Recommended,236090,11077808,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ibn Battuta,"So I got this based entirely on the recommendation of multiple friends.When I first saw the rating of E10, I figured they were out of their minds (At this point, I was starting the game, so I guess you can gather how much faith I have in my friends in total). They weren't.Keep in mind that action/platformer is about my least favorite genre ever. Happily, Dust doesn't go the route of making the platforming an exercise in pixel-perfection, but rather one of thinking ahead and planning. For me, it's much more satisfying to fail five times and know that there's still three routes I've not tested, than to fail fifteen times because I'm jumping a frame too soon.Now, the combat isn't overly complex, and it's very easy to get excessively powerful. But that's OK. I play most of my games on normal, at least at first. For this one, I felt pretty secure in adding a difficulty level. It doesn't QUITE match the game to my skill level then, but it made the game ""difficult"" enough that I could die if I stopped paying attention to my health. No idea how normal plays, but Tough feels about right for me anyway.The game draws you in with humor, but the real lasting attraction is that the game handles its characters as if they were actually people. It's not quite novel quality characterization here (let's be honest, very few characters have enough lines to develop much), but it's a refreshing change from action games where an NPC's toughness is directly related to how much profanity they can use.On the whole, I recommend this game."
76561198034284804,Recommended,236090,28165280,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,aawilliams,"Beautiful, fun game to play"
,Recommended,236090,28217144,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,🐾DoFrane🐾,"This is a fun 2d game that make's me... somehow feel, feelings and is a good game that has a well done story to it."
,Recommended,236090,13623686,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Creeptic ❅ BOOO STORE INC.,I buy a Controller just for this game.10/10 will chain combo again.
,Recommended,236090,18152374,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Chaos Chieftain,"Wonderful game, Good job I hope there is a Sequel to this game. The voice acting is wonderful!"
76561198100856137,Recommended,236090,16413198,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,meginb,"TL;DR: It's worth the price and moreso if it's on sale. Is a good way to get into several kinds of games. Also includes a concept called ""FUN"".[Length - average]: This game is too short. Depending on how much of a completionist you are- my playtime would have been 3 hours less if I hadn't gotten lost a couple times while looking in every nook and cranny to get to some of the hidden locations for the lost friends before giving in to frustration and googling it. I also don't think it has a lot of replay value.[Difficulty - good]: There's not much to say about this, you've got the casual, medium, hard and 1-Hit KO levels. I would say some of the platforming and the 6 Trials are a challenge regardless of which mode you set the game to though.[Combat - excellent]: Being a sword-wielding-furry-assassin with a cat-like-bat-thing that can shoot lightning and fire, in addition to lightbulbs, who can then do screen-clearing combo attacks is kind of awesome...[Music/Sound - good]: I couldn't hear the actual music most of the time because of all the exploding enemies and other sound effects but when I did hear it, it matched the surroundings perfectly. The sound effects are also spot on and paired with the music, proceeded to make this 25 year old freak the heck out in Sorrowing Meadow (I would recommend not letting your young children see the spiders or mansions).[Voice Acting - good]: All the voices were decent which is saying something considering I try to mute that feature most of the time because of how bad it is usually. Fidget's voice actor, especially, nailed it in cutscenes with emotions or humor and her interactions with Dust really made me like the little sidekick.[Graphics - excellent]: I love the artstyle which is simple yet detailed at the same time and allows for even toasters like mine to run it flawlessly...unless you turn on weather and bloom effects which ruins the art and your framerate simultaneously![Story/Characters - excellent]: The story is very short and straightforward for the most part. It's not bad though because it's told well and the characters are what really brings it to life. I would almost describe the game's plot as a prologue or origin story because of...[The Ending - good]: Other than feeling empty because you have to find something else to play now- It satisfies you by wrapping up the main point of the game while giving you the craving for a sequel it so kindly dangles above you."
76561198118651658,Recommended,236090,17170317,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Morphphיִ,"After the short prologue we slip into the role of a fox called ""Dust"" who wakes up in the middle of the woods where we immediately have a conversation with ""Ahrah"", a talking sword. Right after ""Fidget"", the guardian of Ahrah appears. We find out that both of them will accompany us on our journey.And so we start our adventure. Initially very tutorial-like, we move forward getting familiar with controls and some important objects. As the game progresses, we get some useful abilities that allow us to explore the game to reach treasure chests or to do side quests. Sometimes we are in a region which contains sections we can't explore yet, once we have learned the required ability, we can return to this point. But not only we grow stronger, Fidget also learns some skills and is able to support us. Her abilities are very useful especially when it comes to a fight, we have the possibility to combine her skills with ours.On our way we get some side quests which lead us to different places, give us experience points and we find some useful items every now and then. There is also a dealer at different points where we can buy potions, ingredients and pieces of armor. During the main quest, we learn more about Dust's history and Dust in general, which gave me goosebumps several times. Furthermore, we can discover hidden arenas but at this point I won't mention what exactly is waiting for us in there.The graphics are comic-like and cute with small but fine animations and polyphonic music. This creates a good Atmosphere including dialogues between Dust and Fidget, which are very amusing most of the time. The differently designed areas provide variety. Not only our environment and the music changes, we also encounter new monsters with different and upgraded properties, where it is necessary to find out how we can beat them.The story was very touching and appealing. They did a great job with the combat system, its really fun especially when you run into 10-20 enemies at a time, you have the chance for long Hit-Combos, which give us more experience points.Overall, I liked playing Dust: An Elysian Tail very much."
76561198072465703,Recommended,236090,19335855,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PeaceSeeker,"What a great game! amazing charcters , soundtrack , fight! , storyline. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,28393597,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MankyMatt,A decent game if you can get it on sell. Good story but the game play gets repetitive after the first hour. The game is short but if you want to unlock everything it takes some time.I suggest waiting and getting this game on sell when it is not $14.99...maybe if you can get it for $4.99 or less. That price seems more reasonable for this game.
76561198037104777,Recommended,236090,26173684,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jimbo,Action RPG with Dysney graphics. Yes please.
,Recommended,236090,18825205,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Atlaimond,"I was disappointed a little bit in this game, but perhaps it is my fault.When I bought this game I thought it is a cute game. I knew it is not exactly or totally cute but I had not guessed what I will see.Lets see my problems with this game first;My first weird feeling begun when 'Fidget'(the cute yellow Nimbat)is talking to the player (you). This threw me out of the story line.My second problem that only a few times at the beginning 'Dust' a little bit unreasonably rude with 'Fidget'. But after the beginning they will be fine.My third problem the world. This world a very cruel! Okay, I have already seen cruel things in game. But there are much more cruel what I expected! Many harmless people died there and you cannot help them. And at the end 'Everdawn Basin' when you destroy a plane and it feels down that kills your ally soldiers! I very dislike it, it is too much real!These my problems due I did not expect that much cruel.The sheep, bunny and the deer are really cute. And the characters are likeable. And all these things have put into a cruel world and story.So, if you guess it is a cute game, then please go deeper and check that what is waiting for you.As the game it is good. The hand drawn characters at first look like too simple but I liked it. The game control, levels and crafts are simple, I could used to it easily.The English voice actors did a good job, every characters talking by empathy.I played withGnu/Linux Xubuntu 64bitand there was only a few program errors over 68 hours playtime.To the Achievement Hunters:Get all achievement difficulty:NormalGood things:Likeable characters and cute sheep, bunny and deer.Good voice acting.Easy control.Bad things:Too cruel story to a cute game.A few program errors over 68 hours playtime.At the beginning there are a few weird and unreasonably rude conversation.I recommend this game to those who like the 2D playground, the hand drawn style view.I am not recommend this game to those who dislike the drama and cruel things with the likeable characters."
,Recommended,236090,13476415,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"It is very clear that a lot of love and effort went into this game and the PC port. Get the soundtrack as well, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,236090,30624005,Posted: 19 March,all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Calling this an ""Indie Title"" feels like a bit of an insult since most indie titles that are highly regarded tend to be lazy 2D pixel art with gameplay that is merely either old 2D Mario or some 2Deep4U minimalism disguising mediocrity and low budgets. Even IF this game was mediocre, the fact that it was entirely made by one person (minus the music and some voice acting) would explain why it was so.But it isn't. Kudos to actual effort on the part of an indie dev.I will say that some of the choices in voice actors were sub-par, and the art style looks like a weird mixture of 90's antromorphic western cartoon characters placed in a typical anime setting, so it comes across as odd. You juxtapose the serious with the Looney Tunes-ish and it comes across just as “Loonatics: Unleashed” did; which is to say it's off putting. But your mileage may vary and you may or may not like it/mind it. I'll leverage that critique by saying that the soundtrack is expertly done and worth a download.With that out of the way, what he have here is a 2D hack and slash with some light (and I mean very light) ""Metroid-vania"" elements. You have various maps that branch off to different pathways that eventually lead either to a dead end (boss fight, treasure chest, etc) or to the world map screen. You have quests that villagers give you, and these are typically “on the way” so they're easily completed as you're moving the story along, you merely have to explore the maps fully and not go directly to the next objective. When you gain the ability to slide and the ability to climb moss, you can fully explore maps and might want to backtrack a few (emphasis on few) to go up areas you previously couldn't. There's exploration here, but not a TON of backtracking.Unlike Metroid-vania titles, the map isn't one huge map either. Rather, you have a world map screen where you can select the various areas in the game, which keeps all the backtracking and exploration in 'sizable' chunks that are easily done with. It keeps things 'cleaner' and I definitely enjoy it. It's a game about exploring linear maps that branch off but not a lot of back-tracking, so “light Metroid-vania”.The combat is so-so. I don't have any complaints, but I do wish there was more complexity. Since most enemies hit for very little and have very simplistic attacks I can see why your own battle mechanics are simple. Even the bosses are easy to take out (shockingly easy), so there's no need for complexity when everything around you is so simple. Later on you'll most likely just fly over enemies to move to the next map screen, since there's nothing exciting here, albeit nothing is broken and all works as intended. You CAN have a lot of options in combat whilst maintaining the inputs and mechanics simple and basic, so a few points off for that only because games like Muramasa have spoiled me on how good combat can be.I'll also give a critique on the levelling up system: I can't go down a strict attack route and have to have my lowest stat be no more than 4 points behind my highest stat. It's not a HUGE deal but I never put points in vitality in most games, and being forced to is a bit annoying.Overall I'd say the main draw of the game (at least for me) was exploring the maps fully and fulfilling quests. The combat is lacking, but it “gets the job done” and the exploratory nature of the game leaves you something to fall back on and enjoy. The quality on this game is impressive for a team of one, and it ultimately stands on its own as an above average experience in the 2D hack and slash department that carries its own weight. Holding it back a bit is the so-so combat, but otherwise it's an enjoyable experience. If a sequel gets released I'll definitely purchase it...maybe on a slight discount, but I'll be there. Above average: 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,236090,8502640,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TuB Life,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a Beautiful action adventure RPG 2D Hand-drawn and animated game. Whether you play for an absorbing story, exciting combat, or the joy of exploration, Dust has you covered. The main character Dust doesn't remember who he is. But he's teamed up with floating friend Fidget and wizened talking sword Ahrah. Together, the three of you travel the land of Falana, righting wrongs and uncovering the secrets of Dust's true identity.You gather new equipment and ability upgrades to slowly expand your movement possibilities, fight lots of enemies and bosses, help out others via side quests, and gather hidden treasure. Mixing and matching various attacks and combos is thrilling, and combined with the awesome animation, start flying back and forth while spamming magic attacks at bosses.There's great gameplay, graphics, music, and heart here, and I'm glad I picked it up on the steam sale. I would HIGHLY recommend getting this game!"
,Recommended,236090,2910329,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Mario Dan,"If you like games like Metroid or Muramasa,  there is a high chance you will like this game. A campaing of around 15 hours, crafting system, quest system, fast-paced combat and lots of exploration."
,Recommended,236090,14770234,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Matthew,"Older Brother: Matt, why are you playing a Furry Game?That day, he died."
76561198216472900,Recommended,236090,26140445,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tourettes_Unicorn,by far one of the best games i have played ... and i ain't even a furry xD
,Recommended,236090,8127635,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,lChrisl,much combat           amaze        so fluidsword swingingvery dusty      wow
,Recommended,236090,17632349,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Akuba,Fidget is cute :3
,Recommended,236090,16486316,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CB78,"Dust: An Elysian Tail... A Good Hack'n Slash Game made by the incredble creator,Dean Dodrill.The Guy who poured his heart and soul for this gem,The features and especially the bodies of the characters are well designed. Especially Dust in his combat stance,His attacks are fitting with the mouse buttons. The enemies are really fun to beat as you are using a sword called Ahrah who seems to know something about Dust's past. and Don't forget about our dear creature,Fidget. as You are using her projectile attack with Dust's DUST STORM attack. The Results are incredible. Especially when it comes to that annoying Exploding enemy. Strategy can be used when it comes to tight situations.I also got to see Super Meat Boy in the game,He is one of the friends that needs to be rescued as well as the others.The Bosses are good as well,The Voice Acting was amazing especially Dust,Fidget and Haley's.If you want to play a Metroidvania Hack'n Slash game,then this game should do the job. Notice that it's game filled with furries. I especially don't mind,as I also hate the furry fans but this game is just impossible to ignore. I am really happy to see this game in PC instead of just an XBOX game alone.. The combat and the voice acting are great.-Voice Acting 8/10-Combat 9/10-Enemies 8/10-Story 7/10Overall: 8.5/10 - AmazingMy Opinion: Get the game if you want hack and slash with metroidvania combined!"
,Recommended,236090,4347670,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,JPrice,"Well well well Dust certainly turned out to be quite surprising, despite it's cartoony simple appearance Dust proves that it can be a fun and engaging experience. The initial story premise relies on piecing together the identity of the amnesiac main title character and what lead him to suffer from amnesia, honestly there's nothing hugely interesting about it. The standard story structure is followed and you meet some decent characters on the way but there's nothing hugely memorable compared to other indie titles on the market. However Dust: An Elysian Tail's biggest strength is its gameplay. Dust provides a nice hack and slash styled combat system that has RPG elements in that you can upgrade your abilities and wear specific items of clothing to increase stats further, the whole system gives depth to the game as you hunt for the best loot. Also the combat flows very naturally in thanks to the gorgeous animations that never hampers the pace of the game, allowing it to become rewarding and engaging. The only minor quibble is that it can sometimes become rather limited as you are tied with one weapon along with three magic assist abilities, as a result the game can drag especially if you're revisiting areas for a specific quest. The games presentation is stellar top to bottom with the voice acting being fairly good (Even if Dust himself can sound like he's trying too hard to be emotional at times), the background and character design's being stellar and the performance running smoothly without a hitch. Overall if you're looking for a fun action RPG to get into then Dust excels over many of its counterparts and can easily provide you with 8-10 hours of fun gameplay."
,Recommended,236090,1400023,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Stravagante,"One of the best games I've played in recent memory. If you can get past the character designs, and that really shouldn't be to hard, you're in for an amazing ride.Great animations, good storyline, well paced gameplay. And it's probably the best PC-port I've ever seen. Don't miss out on this."
76561198148254190,Recommended,236090,22406670,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,AceOfBlades,"what to say about this game... it's beautiful, wonderful, tragic and thrilling. cut your way through hordes of enemies, regret doing so, then do it some more. learn the pasts of characters and of yourself, watch as a heartfelt tale is told of a legend, a legend that is you.from the start, it is a hack and slash, side scrolling beat em up, but one with some of the prettiest visuals you will ever see. as you move through the story, you will grow attached to characters, smile, laugh, cry, and more. this is proof that games can be art, that games can be visually stunning masterpieces, and that games can tell a beautiful story.buy this game. you will not regret it."
,Recommended,236090,10225554,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kiska,I am a big fan of the combat and voice acting. That is all.
76561198002519461,Recommended,236090,10243803,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Freshee,This is a really enjoyable game. Story oriented and action packed.
76561198055913005,Recommended,236090,10245507,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,"The game itself is alright, It could of used some more balancing though.Don't take this the wrong way, I have enjoyed the game and I'm still not finished playing it. I just wish I could disable the specified things below to add to the challenge of the game.- Dust Storm: Really this is the most unbalanced thing in the game. The ground attack itself is pretty helpful, But even that had the inability to protect you from behind. As a result enemies could still damage you, Which balances it out. But once you unlock the ability to use Dust Storm in the air, You're practically invincible. On top of this, It can enable you to skip areas and obstacles entirely by homing in on enemies above you, and being able to fly the to the top of the area. All you'd have to do then is find the exit.- Fidgits projectiles: All this really does is add to the already unbalanced Dust Storm, And make it even more ridiculous. This practically disables the balancing of the ground Dust Storm attack, by enabling you to attack enemies from behind. Now you're immortal on the ground. Use it in the air, And it's even-more-so. The aerial version of Dust Storm already enables you to deal massive damage to enemies whilst not taking any damage, Add in any of Fidgit's projectiles and you can quickly kill everything that moves, Including some bosses. Really it's possible to beat the entire game only using this tactic.Really these are the two major things, It's not worth listing the others. Aside from the issues I did enjoy the game very much, and I would recommend it to other people. I just wish we could alternate the controls and disable certain things."
,Recommended,236090,248215,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,popoki,"http://hip-indeed.tumblr.com/post/56179179456/short-ish-review-dust-an-elysian-tailtl;dr:great backgrounds, kinda amateurish character designsdecent music and gameplay that is at times simply decent and at times quite goodoverall 7/10, worth checking out"
,Recommended,236090,10133706,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,LinkOpalMM,"Complex characters and story, good gamplay, colorful graphics, good concept, not much to complain. Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,236090,7971006,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sledge,"This game has easily become one of my most favorite games of all time. the combat is satisfying yet not too easy, art and music design is spot on, charaters have good personality (though sometimes a little off I will admit) and right at the end, the game had me grining, feeling like I was in an epic war. and the final boss fight is one of the most satisfying I have ever fought. and the story is amazing, litterally had me in tears right at the end.In short, go buy this game, even if it is not on sale, the designer deserves every penny of it. Every. ♥♥♥♥ing. Penny"
,Recommended,236090,9021322,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,bluebirdy90,I would recommend this solely for the artwork. This game is absolutely beautiful. I really enjoy the combat style and you're learning new things all the way up until the end. The music and story is great. It's definitley one of my favorite games right now and maybe even of all time.
,Recommended,236090,10546963,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kayserc,"Dust contains an awesome storyline and a very fun and interesting playstyle. Heck, half the time you don't even know what you're doing. This game gives you a subtle choice of good or bad and has some very interesting achievements. The game is mostly sidescrolling combat but is still fun nonetheless as the cutscenes are great and the dialogue is pretty phenominal in itself. 10/10 A must have gameP.S. THE MAIN CHARACTER IS A CAT!!!"
76561198108776578,Recommended,236090,10233336,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ja-Ke,I give this game a 10/10 there is not one thing i can think of that is wrong with this game the graphics flawless the gameplay great the story moving and wonderful one of my favorites to date
76561198114482347,Recommended,236090,8241129,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,legend_of_larren,"Dust An Elysian Tail. To put it short, it's an amazing game. The story is based on the character Dust who awakens in a deep forest with the Sword of Ahara and Fidget. Dust has no idea who he is so the three of them go on a adventure to find Dusts true identity.The game looks BEAUTIFULL. No matter where you are. The forests or the mountains. The graphics look great and never hurts your eyes. The voice acting is great. The actors perform there job pretty well and the only voice I get tired of is Figets because she never stops talking sort of like navi from ocarina of time.Graphics and sound aren't everything and Im glad to say that the gameplay is great. Having a metroidvania feel. You will destroy large groups of enemies with the occasional puzzle or platforming. Dust controls soo smoothly and attacks fast and quick. With Fidget you can shoot projectiles but with Dusks whirlwind ability you can make Dust and Figet extremley powerful and quickly defeat enemies. When you defeat enemies, you get expierience points and when you get enough you'll level up. This can increase hp, attack, defense and Figets abilities. I personally try to upgrade Figet first because dust storm is just op.You can do sidequests, craft items, etc when your not beating the snot out of enemies which gives the game some replayability. But it doesn't give enough.I don't really have anything wrong with this game. Except a couple of problems like one the game is pretty short it only took me 10 hours to beat the game. Two, its too easy. I didn't use a revival stone ONCE. And three I wish you could move faster than dusts regular dash attack. Because getting to one location to the next can drag after a while.Thankfully, Dust An Elysian Tail is a great game. Great graphics, sound and gameplay make this a title worth owning. Definately get this game while its half price  right now thanks to the winter steam sale. I'll give a 4.5/5 to this AMAZING  Tail."
76561198030294615,Recommended,236090,8516695,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Great Jhon,Pretty awesome
,Recommended,236090,9621301,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Angelic_Mew,"If you take into account that the one guy spent like... 3 years developing this game... Dust can be the leader of showing how a game should be made. Great story, fun gameplay, Nice voice acting and beautifull scenery and artwork makes this a title well worth the price.The amount of options one has to change settings was unexpected. You can even change the UI layout. I didn't get any bugs which after playing a AAA title game, that had bugs, before this is also a feather in the developers cap. Being a port to linux I was expecting at least one problem.If you are looking for a hack-and-slash platformer then Dust comes highly recommended. It also has some RPG elements which won't have you scratching your head to figure out which stats you need now. Straight forward character upgrades make it easy to choose your gear.This is the first title I played with a controller connected to my PC and I'd recommend everyone to use a controller too. The game was developed for the Xbox 360 anyway.A sure sign that great games/stories/development are still alive. If only more big name publishers could take a page from Dust's book.Do away with the stigma that a good game ""must"" have the latest GFX, must have a big name publisher behind it and you'll be having FUN again."
,Recommended,236090,8289401,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,An Album Cover,Fantastic Metroidvania with some rough edges (such as the crappy crafting system.)
,Recommended,236090,9645724,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Druss,"Really really cutesie game, with charming characters, fantastic sceneric level design and mindboggling fire, wind and electrical fights. Although I am the first to admit the fights can get a bit repeating after a good few hours, the rest of the game make more than up for it. I had a really good 12 hours with it, as I am somewhat of an completenist, I bet the less-horder type of gamer should be able to do it in 8 or 9 hours. And even after my 12 ours there were still more secrets and ""friends"" to discover. Due to a system that gradually gives a way Dust's abilities, old levels gain new possibilities and therefor invite you to do a revisit to discover its hidden treasures. Topping this off by the fact that the creator single handedly draw everything himself makes this game a true masterpiece. Dialoges are okay, even makes you smile here and there and the overall storyline is not to shabby. I would recommend this game for every indie game lover that appreciates the hard work the developer put in it. You can tell its made with love.. And its a controller happy game aswell, so sit back and let it all soak in.  A genorous 8 of 10"
76561198047698159,Recommended,236090,8137467,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Brendan,This Game is so good i currently have completed 111% of it.
76561197995099715,Recommended,236090,9829485,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Blu Skye,Great Game. Beautifully done in all respects. Well worth your time to pick this one up.
,Recommended,236090,9784002,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Nicholas,"The game has a unique art style, fluid controls with great combos, and a fun story. I played this platformer to the end and really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,236090,9079367,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,"*Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap*Not often do I get a game which leaves me wanting to give it a standing ovation. Beautiful piece of art. Fantastic story. You know how it is likely going to end but the journey is completely worth it. Then the end comes and it leaves you wanting more.If you don't at least buy this on a Steam sale, then something is wrong with you."
,Recommended,236090,4463193,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Koscum,"It's just..... incredible. Seriously, why are you still here? Go buy the effiin' game!"
,Recommended,236090,8393138,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cilizadam,"game's hardcore mode is really hardcore , I strongly recommend you to play this on hardest difficulty, character are funny, and cute,story is not  great, but good enough,sketches are great,it will make you feel like you are watching a cartoon , to find all secrets you have to carefully read and think about the game , a really good action-rpg ,played for 20 hours, totally worth my money, buy it."
76561198030574713,Recommended,236090,7663700,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,DaN,"Game surpreendente! Se você gosta de ""Castlevania Simphony Of The Night"", compre sem medo de errar."
76561198082245770,Recommended,236090,11681419,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Ethan Syloss,"beautiful art style, great characters, runs perfectly, simple combat, we can be here for hours."
76561198117212268,Recommended,236090,11957528,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,{Mm+I} Miburec,"Phew... It's everything but easy to write a review to this game.To be honest, if this game had been published from a major company, I might have been disappointed. But it is an Indie-Game (and the first one Noogy ever made), so naturally one cannot compare it to a major release.All in all it is a really great game, hands down. ;)Now enough talk, let's get to the likes and dislikes.Likes:absolutely gorgeous artwork and animationsan overwhelming soundtracksmooth and action oriented gameplaygreat voice actingan absolutely cute and funny sidekickfunny innoendos about video game oddities (Mysterios Wall Chicken!)unintrusive and funny 4th wall breaksnice refferences to other games  (Mysterios Wall Chicken!)perhaps not innovative but nevertheless interesting aproach on crafting and trading(increasing the trader's assortment by selling new items to them)the Mysterious Wall Chicken!Dislikes:level grinding and item/gold farming is way too easyFidget becomes way too overpowered (I stopped using her powers at the meadows to keep the game halfway challenging, although I cranked up the difficulty before)speaking of challenge: the first and the last boss fights were the only ones which were challenging to me, the latter perhaps only because I didn't use fidgetevery health item stronger than theMysterious Wall Chicken!is a bad bargain to buy (using 2 chickens heals 160 hp for 600 coins, the hot cocoa heals 160 hp for 640 coins, the birthday cake has an even worse cost-benefit ratio, so you end up swallowing countless chickens because it is the cheapest way to heal - but Mysterious Wall Chicken FTW!, so why should I care? :D)About the story... well, I'm actually a bit torn appart about it.Yes, it follows quite common tropes and is per se not that innovative, but it IS a good story and keeps you interested, if you alow yourself to delve into it.But there are two major drawbacks about the story.The first and the most disappointing is that major plot elements are revealed waaaaaayyyy too early.In Aurora Ginger tells you that you're dressed like a royal assassin - first half of the plot revealed, and shortly after someone tells you about a ""twin soul"" - not sure if Fuse allready talks about it, but Lady Tethys most certainly does and thus revealing the other half of the plot.So roughly after the first third of the game you can allready figure out what is going on, only the ""when, where and why"" is kept a secret until the near end.The second drawback about the Story is that ""it seems to be a bit shallow"". That's one thing often critizised at negative reviews about Dust. Well, i dare to disagree, hence the quotation marks.I think the story itself is not that shallow (at least not more shallow than the Halo-Storyline *duck and cover*), but it istoldin a shallow fashion. The arcs of suspense are boiled down to short cutscenes with only a few lines of dialouge and major plot twists are given away early and in a way as if they were only a negligibility.So I say the Story would gain more positive reviews if it was told in a different way and revealed in a ""different order"".Well, yes, this was quite a bit of a breakdown, pointing out more negative features than positive ones.But: Every positive feature mentioned outweights the negative ones by far.It is an absolutely great game and mindblowingly detailed - especially if you take into consideration that this is the first game ever released by Noogy. Thats why I give this Game a thumbs up - I absolutely love it!Oh and in case you haven't noticed yet:I friggin' LOVE the mysterious wall chicken !!! :D"
76561198050720861,Recommended,236090,8388347,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,JACK,"what can i say. this game is amazing i dont usually play games like these but this one really got me into it (i am not going to do that meme) i have only played about 4-6 hours and they were non stop hours. i only stopped when i was called or needed a bathroom brake. the mechanics are really well done and when you do the combos you really feel good about them. also the back and forth between dust, fidget ,and the others are really well done. so far i have no complaints about the game."
,Recommended,236090,7396808,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Solty D,"Dust is a superb action RPG that is well-animated with vibrant characters that is a joy to play. The controls are spot-on, the graphical style and animation are amazing and the combat system is simple and doesn't get in the way. The one weak point is perhaps the writing; some basic, reasonably important questions get left unanswered and it's a very cut-and-dry good versus evil tale.Dust is not a terribly complex game and doesn't try to be. What it presents is basic but extremely well-executed and was great fun from beginning to end. Any fan of action games should have it in their library."
,Recommended,236090,5357973,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,x0NightHawk0x,"A gem among gems, Dust: An Elysian Tail is an amazingly great game with beautiful and colorful graphics, wonderful voice acting, interesting story and a strong yet easy to learn gameplay that will keep you going for hours with plenty of things to do any explore. A real must have."
76561197971274600,Recommended,236090,11465417,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,body-rockz,"Great Game,liked the Story, kinda like a child's tale.Achievements are pretty simple, two missables which should be done by save / load.Between 10 and 20 hours fun."
,Recommended,236090,11909734,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Veryend,"If you like Muramasa, you should never miss this game"
76561198028543359,Recommended,236090,7394493,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Leife,"This is a really great and beautiful game.Contains great animation, action, adventure, and music that all mesh together very well. Although the story is somewhat overplayed and difficulty is mediocore for more of the hardcore action/adventure fans, it shouldn't bring down the overall quality and enjoyment that this game offers."
76561197970531612,Recommended,236090,423785,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,KrasusTheRed,"Beautiful game, fun hack and slash gameplay, interesting characters, neat story, and great soundtrack. This blows me away, especially how it was only made by 1 person, save a few who helped with odds and ends. 10/10. This game is a MUST!!"
,Recommended,236090,8725317,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,NERDthesun,"A game with a beautiful soundtrack, a lovely art-style, captivating characters, a unique story, ridiculously fun gameplay, deep character progression, great mechanics, and genious level design. Dust will please the completionists who want to spend hours getting all the little secrets and extras that modern games tend to leave out. I'm the kind of person who likes to seek out everything that is wrong with a game and then complain about it, because I believe it helps improve the specific game, as well as the industry in general, however, there are so very few things wrong with Dust that I shouldn't even mention them, really. Especially since they are things that I didn't like, but other people may enjoy quite profoundly.If you're thinking about buying Dust because you might like it, buy it, it's definitely my goty for 2013. Thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,236090,8524632,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Poró,"Great game, simple controls and plenty of fun. first game my wife +1'd."
76561198096440243,Recommended,236090,7933435,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[IM] [TEG] FurSyndicate,"This game... this game is easily the greatest game ever created in my opinion.  To be made by one man, with such beautiful art, solid game mechanics, and an absolutely amazing story with incredible charcters; it just is a work of art.  Never before has a game immersed me so much, made me love and cherish the characters like none before it.  This is a game that can be a challenge if desired, or it could simply be an immersive story.  You will learn the truth about Dust's past through an adventure with so many characters that grab your heart.  With Fidget by his side, and with her comic relief, you will slowly slip into an entirely new world.  Nothing can compare to it.  When you finally beat the game, you will feel as though your entire life has been changed forever, and can never feel like this again.  Ashes to ashes, Dust to dust..."
,Recommended,236090,13312491,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Stan_Smith,"Years back, I played a game called Odin's Sphere on Playstation 2. It was unique and I'm engaged by it, but I haven't got the chance to finish it as I already gave away my Playstation 2 . On the other hand, Dust: An Elysian Tail kinda makes that compensation.a.GameplayThe gameplay itself is not really complicated, but I feel it is a difficult to master kinda game. Timing is essentia for a counter-attack. Long story short, it has satisfying combat and rewarding quests.b.StoryThere was a war between a powerful race, who run a campaign to dominate the world, by crushing other weaker races to their ground. But then, there was someone, who mysteriously reborn to this world with an amnesia. War and a reincarnate? Is it a sign for something great is gonna happen?c.GraphicsDust has a cartoonish graphic, but that doesn't it's a bad thing. In fact, the graphic is beautiful and it's HD. For those who don't like cartoon graphic, you might wanna reconsider before buying.d.ReplayabilityMost of the time I enjoy the fighting, crafting better equipment, and do the side quests. There is no new game plus feature, but we can always start over with different stats build.Verdict:A mysterious man, who had recently born, fought to find his identity in a war situation, the struggle between the weak against a powerful nation.8.5"
,Recommended,236090,8488158,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nevnarion,"This little pearl of a game looks stunning and beautiful, graphics are like playing a cartoon, and the fact that this game was more or less created by one single person only is just beyond impressive."
,Recommended,236090,3069134,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Damuel,"Imagine Castlevania, mashed with Metroid, topped with RPG mechanics, throw in a beautiful art style and stir well. That is Dust: An Elysian Tail. If you liked Castlevania or Metroids gameplay (the classics, not the primes or...whatever the hell the last castlevania was) you'll probably love this game's feel. It's got a neat hack n' slash combo type fighting system that progresses fairly well with new abilities coming in at just the right time. The only downside is the game is a tad easy. Still, this game is nearly perfect in every category with a whomping roughly 14 hours of gameplay + time to get the rest of the achievements. For a 15 dollar game, it was more than satisfying. I liked the story, some people didn't feel the same way, some of the characters are annoying but they'll grow on you. And of course, people who hate furries will probably want to stay away from this game despite it being fantastic, since wutwill/b/think. Anyhow, for the price, gotta give this a 9.8/10. Must buy for old school MetroidVania fans."
,Recommended,236090,7837773,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mallili,A wonderfuly basic game with a captivating story. Enjoyable down to the last minute.
,Recommended,236090,6366151,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,burgerboy,gud furry game
,Recommended,236090,13765794,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,H A R V E Y,I had more clicks per second in this game than I did in Starcraft
,Recommended,236090,24120889,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ryuk,"as a player new to indie games i gotta say it is really good. feels like the games we played Sega genesis over and over again. Graphics are good, combat mechanism and level up system are good and also the story is great.at least I can recommend it to players who are new to indie like me."
,Recommended,236090,8602391,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,chikahiro,"Just finished Dust, and it is an utterly wonderful game. Charming, well made, intelligent. Its a delightful mixture of old- and new-school gaming! Platforming is good and fun, the combat system is modern and deep, it doesn't unnecessarily punish you, the writing is good, and really? I can't recommend this game enough. Fantastic, and is definitely a classic."
76561198042991645,Recommended,236090,8667292,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Entropy,"Fun combat, great story, and furries. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8737904,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,System_Zero,"If you can get past the semi-amateurish drawn furry characters during the cutsenses (unless that’s your thing), you’ll find one of the best hidden gems to come to gaming in a long time. The combat is fluid and satisfying, the boss battles challenging and gameplay that harkens back to the olden days of Metroid & Symphony of the Night. With beautiful art design and secret areas to explore, this is one game you’d never expect to enjoy but walk away wanting more."
,Recommended,236090,8389919,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ZombieInva5ion,"Absolutely just love it , had major doubts but i watched the trailer and was still alittle iffy until i bought it and i fell in love with it. Totally recommend this to everyone and anyone!"
76561198066378144,Recommended,236090,8450021,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tsmart,"Fun game, stunning visuals and decent plot. Battle combos are easy to master, and the quests are pretty straight forward. Also, if you master your mid-air dust storm and dashes, you can navigate around maps verrrry quickly. I got about 10 hours of entertainment out of this game, hopefully you will too."
,Recommended,236090,8472340,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fenix,"Dust An Elysian Tail is one of best RPG i have played in my whole life , it is actually one of the game i have been waiting my whole life for and i go like where have you been my whole life .the game very fast pace and very fluid , beautifull environment design and awesome artwork, character design is not bad , soundtrack is pretty goodit is a must buy for whoever likes side-scrolling , action RPG"
,Recommended,236090,8152744,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Nyyman,"Amazing action-platformer with a spice of Metroidvania. Gorgeous graphics, awesome voice acting and music, great DMCish combat and the story is not even half bad! My favourite 2D action-platformer so far! Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,236090,8813475,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,＿ＳｐａａｓＺ,"This game is brillant! I mean, it's nothing new, nothing that i haven't played until now but, everything was made perfectly. The story, the characters.. how can you not love FIdget?? :3 The art it really beautifull, the gameplay is easy and you can master this game in the first minutes. I'm enjoying playing this. 10!"
,Recommended,236090,8806497,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,"One of the finest Action-RPG's I have ever had the pleasure of playing.The combat is fluid, the art is amazing, the music is stunning, and the story is superb.The game plays well on either keyboard/mouse or a gamepad and the controls are solid for either scheme.Dust's difficulty levels range from ""challenging and fun"" to ""wow, this is the hardest game I've ever played yet it's not cheap in any way""I highly reccomend this title. Seriously. Buy it.btw, the game is also available on GOG if you're not a huge fan of Steamworks."
,Recommended,236090,1701552,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,dreamy,"With a generally robust combat system, Dust has a lot to offer moreso than other games in the genre. It's a really fun game with great combat, tight controls, gorgeous animations and backgrounds, vibrant color, decent voice acting and very great music that goes perfect with the game and story. Just don't let the prologue and first chapter put you down like me, the game REALLY picks up once you start chapter 2. It's filled with tons of sidequests and other things to keep you occupied. The PC port is perfect so far, I've found no flaws at all. Just make sure you have a controller handy to play it. You'll need one.  Definitely worth the $15 asking price."
,Recommended,236090,8689178,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,FoxEsal,"This game is really fun, its like beyblade battles in the sky. wooosh. I really recommend. I'm also hopping for a 2nd game."
,Recommended,236090,8644255,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,NeoMikey,"This is an AMAZING game.  The gameplay is solid and extremely enjoyable.  The story was enjoyable and the voice-acting was spot-on.  While not perfect, this game's flaws are easily forgivable.  It was nice to see the developer put emotion and uniqueness into every character, instead of having bland NPC's that repeat some innane bit of dialog.  The background art is beautiful, the music is surprisingly amazing, and the animated cutscenes are a nice treat.  I initially picked up the game to support a friend, but was rather surprised when I was enjoying myself the whole way through!Oh yes, and there might be a sequel in the works.For its price, you seriously can't go wrong.  Get it, get it!"
76561198030795899,Recommended,236090,8706528,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Slavtar,"I was shocked, SHOCKED at how much fun this game was.It's not terribly difficult, but it is fantastically fun. It has some backtracking for loot, similar to Metroid, which is cool, although I know that a lot of nerds want to cry bloody murder whenever this happens, it's not TOO bad. Honestly guys? Why do you hate that so much? Either way, if you felt that backtracking is the unholy spawn of Satan himself, the game doesn't present itself with enough difficulty to actually HAVE to do it... If you wanted to like, make a political statement or something.Combat is fast and frantic, and presents itself with enough options to keep stuff interesting. One thing I found is that nearly EVERY strategy is a good one to accomplish monster murder, except not fighting, that is a terrible strategy.The story isn't going to win any Oscars, but its good enough to keep you interested, the voice acting is good as well, Figet is legitimately funny with her 4th wall jokes, so bonus.I only got stuck in a wall once, and that's the only technical problem I ever ran into, it was near the end of the game, so it already had me in it's smoothly animated clutches and I didn't mind too much. The game saves a lot, so if you ever ran into a bug it's unlikely that you would throw your beverage at your pets and start crying in the fetal position in your neighbors crawlspace or anything.For people who like bullets:-FUN-BUY-PLAY-YAYCheck out my youtube channel for a laugh (probably at my expense, but that's okay, sniffle) the link is in my profile."
,Recommended,236090,8709505,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Kamisaji,"Loved it! Above average graphics, great game mechanics, and an amazing story line. All around a great game."
,Recommended,236090,8656624,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Stea.mPunk Bob,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gum2YYNqaEA very pretty game with fun exploration elements. The story isn't BAD, but it's probably nothing you haven't seen before. The combat is also fun, but sometimes it feels like as long as I'm AWARE of an enemy, I'll be fine. Overall, you should look into it."
76561197989015526,Recommended,236090,8541146,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,XevvBorne,"Very fun Metroidvania type of game with fluid combat and alot of hidden treasures to find. Might be a bit too easy even on tough difficulty. Takes about 11 hours to complete the game while exploring 100% of every maps, probably very short if you're only going for the main story."
76561198037156628,Recommended,236090,8563167,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Silentfox92,"Though the story isn't incredible, it is interesting enough to keep you going. The combat system is where this game shines. It's intuitive and very well done, with good, fluid animations. Easter eggs and side quests keep you interested. Overall, its quite an enjoyable game."
76561198037693760,Recommended,236090,8557159,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lathill,Amazing game. Looks very wonderful and the sound track makes the game play that much better.
,Recommended,236090,8549837,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,xXGrampsXx420,Combat is very bright and fluid but that stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ fidget made my head hurt so I stopped playing.7/10  would look at.
76561198018803608,Recommended,236090,8561824,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SanePLJ,"Dust a beautiful, action packed Action Adventure RPG.It has a great story with quite a few funny moments and some really nice voice acting, along with strong and smooth gamplay mechanics and great animation, i just can not stop playing it.It is so much fun to play and as far as i am concerned this is a must have gameGet it now you will not regret it.."
,Recommended,236090,4790689,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Rina  リン鉱山,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. I've only gotten so far in it but already I am so attached to every character I've encountered, and I feel engrossed and immersed in an incredible world beyond the likes of that which I have ever seen. Amongt typical RPGs, this would be a 10/10 out of the roof classic, and it probably will be for years to come with recent acclaim this beautiful piece of art has come to recieve. As for the Action aspects of the game, they live up to other great beat em ups, but put a bit more technical flare on it. It's not character action by any stretch, but it closes the gap in some ways, more so than alot of other games of the same genre could ever do. This port is also brilliant, considering it being ported from XBLA exclusive. In most cases, you get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, buggy,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port to PC with little to no changes at best. Dust however, delivers everything a PC gamer could ask for, and more!Brilliantly crafted portraits, being able to fully scale them for max beauty.Intense graphical options that allow low end computers to experience the masterpiece, or high ends to immerse themselves even further.The port is fantastic and definitly not a knockoff of the original XBLA version, an improvement even.The characters in the game are highly relatable, funny, and I fell in love and found myself smiling and laughing at a story for the first time in years. Please buy this game, treat yourself to how incredible it is, you won't be wasting any money I guarantee."
,Recommended,236090,9569209,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Yaridovich,"9/10Such an amazing platformer. The entire game looks beautiful. The animations are completely outstanding.The gameplay is fluid and easy to learn while also taking some time to really get good at it and higher difficulties provide real challenges. The only thing I think this game lacks in terms of challenge is the boss battles - in comparison to fighting normal enemies, boss battles aren't really challenging, with only one exception.But it's not something that detracts from the whole. It's an amazing experience with an excellent story."
76561198025297931,Recommended,236090,17574630,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Avis_Tonitrui,"I haven't finished the story yet, but it is riveting and nearly heartwrenching for me.  The game has beatiful art and amazing story elements.  The only downside is the combat gets a little repetitive and I personally don't like sidescrollers.  But I made an exception to this amazing game."
,Recommended,236090,17591821,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Nanashi,"Absolutely stunning game to play, would always come back to this just to see the story unfold again."
,Recommended,236090,17727320,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ichik,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a kind of metroidvania that manages to pull it off with little to none incentive on backtracking the world on your own. The game uses that kind of interaction as a support instrument for world-building. This takes your for a journey that is somewhat linear with a few decision forks changing only the order you’ll beat a bit more that crazy thousand hits combos out of enemy minions (or more like will try to do that).That numbers though are actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with protagonist bearing a legendary talking sword Ahrah which makes all the job for that green amnesia-suffering anthropomorphic green rabbit. All kind of attacks granting you several digits are just tap of the button away. Mixing them in one flow can be tricky at first; but since that’s the one thing there is to figure out with this game, you’ll get better. So the digits in the counter will skyrocket like their counterparts do in Bayonetta or Devil May Cry.Along with those combos come level-ups and equipment. And this is where it gets a bit cumbersome. Craftable armor sets and pendants pile up, but all they do is add an incremental bonus to the usual set of stats (defense, attack, critical chance and the like). It’s a minor nuisance for the player with easily obtainable crafting components and a straightforward choices of what to wear next. Not bringing anything to the table in terms of variety or difficulty this adds a sublevel of complexity. Redundant coherence of game’s levels helps with establishing a world from a separate screens. Involvement in stat increase emphasizes the empowerment of mysterious protagonist. It wouldn’t be enough if that was the only thing Dust resorted to, but thankfully it isn’t.Slicing, jumping and projectile-shooting happens to take place in front of colorful backgrounds rich with details and looking like an according prop for a saturday morning cartoon. So do characters. With the looks comes an appropriate comical yet faithful and friendly side-kick. An orange flying hybrid of bat and squirrel goes by the name of Fidget and is the guardian of Ahrah. The mischievous little creature opposes the calm and secretive sword with attached gloom prophecy in game’s story pacing and does so with an added tongue-in-cheek attitude and kicking a few bricks out of the fourth wall.With the acting hero being amnesiac and all, the duet of sword and critter is the moving mechanism for the story with a good two dozens of accompanying characters. And either it’s a snatch-my-laundry quest or an actual story-advancing interaction, each voice and face adds up a bit mold pieces of the game together.It might seem like just being cute, referencing Disney animation classic, a main source for inspiration right in the title; but the game makes up for it with a good chunk of passion. It may not be as stellar as some with its cut-scenes. Sufficiently grim plot is predictable. Being essentially a one-man-project (with the occasional help of some people) Dust can’t excel at everything. And on the whole it still is bigger than a sum of its parts."
,Recommended,236090,17714930,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,XXXXxxxx bonobo xxxxXXXX,"Really Really Really great game, the only problem I've encountered so far is the screen tear on the map and the last stage, not sure if it's just me.  Didn't really affect gameplay too much.  8/8 you r8 again m8"
76561197969372390,Recommended,236090,17685713,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mr. nails,"Absolutely fantastic metroidvania title!!!  From the moment I started playing til the very end this game had me hooked.  Fun, fluid gameplay, gorgeous graphics, outstanding story with complete start to end voice acting!!!  I'm looking forward to a sequel if it comes.  Most definitely worth asking price without sale.  If you do grab this game on sale it's a steal.This game has everything you'd want in a metroidvania.  Bosses, powerups, level ups, crafting gear, merchants, challenge rooms, back tracking once you acquire the appropriate abilities and a fantastic story.  I can't stress that enough.  If you want an easy play through just do it on normal.  Normal is extremely easy!  If  you want more of a challenge make sure you select tough or hard core.Recommending this game to anyone and especially those who love the Metroidvania genre.  This isn't a game you want to miss!  9.5/10.  Beautifully done."
76561198071975041,Recommended,236090,20342162,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MegaPuggle,"At a critical standpoint, this game would be considered metiocre or average.  Due to cliches and gameplay mechanics might be lacking a bit. But did i enjoy it to recommend it? Yes, because it's just one of those games that i really needed in my game library. Maybe if you needed a game that focuses on style, voice acting, story. Maybe music too? But to all of you guy's who want to know how the game is, its just a hack and slash I would say to try it out and see if you like it."
,Recommended,236090,16929202,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Akarin,"Awesome game! Bought it when it was on 80% discount, definitely worth every penny spent. I finished the game after clocking about 15 hours into the game, which is decent. Felt like the game could have been longer."
,Recommended,236090,3392854,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Milk Chan,search fidget on♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,236090,7897484,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Daxar,"Holy wow. Look at this artwork. I originally bought the game just because it was so amazingly pretty, and started playing it with the thought that the story would be terrible and the voice acting mediocre. Boy, was I wrong. The story is so compelling that it drew me in, even when I wasn't even planning to let myself be drawn in by it. And for indie voice actors/actresses, these people have done a stellar job.As far as combat is concerned, this combat is amazingly satisfying. I'm not terribly into hack-and-slashes, but this one does a stellar job of making you feel like a powerful warrior by giving you lots of intuitive combos and such. And if you're like me and you just want to mash one or two buttons, there's a lot of different combos with just the left and right mouse buttons, which really makes you want to stop mashing buttons and think about what you're doing instead. It works beautifully.It's hard to believe that this is a console port, but it is, and the port was done so amazingly well that it's far better than most native PC games I've played.Of course, the question of furries always comes up with anthropomorphic animals (Like those that appear in this game). From what little I've seen, furry art tends to be... well, furry. The characters here are clean-cut and undersexualized in comparison, and really look more like Looney Tunes than anything else. I'll be honest; I'm not into anthro stuff at all, but these characters are drawn well enough that I don't mind. And what 90's kid grew up without Looney Tunes? Well, a few, obviously, but the rest of us didn't care at the time about anthro-looking characters, so why care now?Anyway, overall this game is stellar, and I'm mighty impressed with the cool stuff this guy did with a seemingly simple engine. Did I mention this game was made by one guy? This game was made by one guy. And you can feel the love he poured into every pore. And hey, if nothing else, go into this game to wander around and admire the scenery. It's beautiful."
,Recommended,236090,16375394,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KingAnthony of Penguin Kingdom,Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful game as swell as fun! I recommend this to everyone... You will not be disappointed!10/10
76561198082337182,Recommended,236090,11926400,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mister L,Amazing. Simply amazing. I can't describe with words how good this game is. It's a must buy
76561197960999276,Recommended,236090,65218,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,R13-The 2nd Type,"WOW, just WOW...The game play and art reminds me of Oden Sphere.The crafting reminds me of Atelier Iris.Good story, great art, fine voice acting and a fun game.Hard to believe ONE PERSON made the game over 4 years and it turned out to be so damn good.I bought two copies, just to support the Dev (one copy for me and one for the wife)...  it really is that damn good."
,Recommended,236090,8373021,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Brekkik,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of ""Metroidvania"" style exploration-based action adventure games. This game is most reminiscent to me of Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia in how the game is split up into multiple explorable areas linked together by a world map (as opposed to it being just one huge map like many of this style of game have). Also, as with this style of game, backtracking is a must as there will always be some section of the map or hidden chest that you just can't reach without one of the additional abilities you'll learn throughout the game. But they do make it easy to figure out where you need to return to thanks to a helpful map system.Fluid animation, great art style and voice acting, and an engaging narrative also give this game a high recommendation from me."
,Recommended,236090,18331647,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Darvus Laan,"I picked this up on a whim when it was on sale for a couple bucks. I don't generally do side-scrollers, but the reviews got me wondering. Well, I officially LOVE this game. There are bits and pieces of various themes in literature and gaming throughout, many done so well, you might not catch them at first. Even the main character, Dust, has elements of the main character in the story Total Recall. Trust me, that's not giving anything away you won't guess in the first 20 min of the game... and it's nowhere near the whole story.The writing, controls, action, and level designs are well thought-out and implemented. Some of the ""twists"" really aren't and some are quite well done. In terms of gameplay, I've always liked the more intricate-but-not-overwhelming type of combat system used here. There aren't many combos, but with what there is, there's enough strategy between enemies that simply button-mashing won't get you through the entire game and it doesn't really get old... just comfortable. While made with a controller in mind, I finished the game just fine with a keyboard and mouse.While you can get most of the achievements with the first play-through, the achievement system within the game rewards you for geting them again on each play-through. There's only one that has a proper choice (two achievements, but you can only get one of the two on any given play-through) and the obligatory ""beat the game on (higher difficulty)"". I also though the additional challenge areas were a nice touch. I've only managed to get 4 stars on ONE of them so far.The animation is a bit clunky during the full-animation cut-scenes (of which there are only about 3 in the whole game), but the voice acting is spot-on and every character, no matter how small their part, has a distinct personality and not just some generic NPC plant with random sayings.I don't know if they plan to do another (I haven't looked that up yet), but I'd be on-board for a sequel, or at least a follow-up in the same universe. There's a lot they can still do with it, I think. But then, it's like finishing a good book; you really don't want it to be over. That was me after playing Bastion, after all...TL;DR version:Great game. If you have ANY enjoyment of story-driven action-adventure games, then: GET IT. PLAY IT. LOVE IT."
76561198175902721,Recommended,236090,18181954,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kishiama,Best game i've played so far.One of the best storys ever made for a game witch is my opinion.If there is going to be a Dust 2 i cant wait.
76561198158211087,Recommended,236090,18311517,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,THEBOMB4000,obsolutely stunning
,Recommended,236090,18225779,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Infinity Master,"One word to describe it? Mindblown.The moment I saw the screenshots and trailer for this game, I knew this game could be something special and I was ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! To put it simply:1. Story? Great story that both young and old audiences can enjoy.2. Characters? Very lovable characters (expect for the obvious ""bad"" guys lol) and I really like that most of them had ""side quests"" when talking to them and not just have them standing there, talking to you once and never hear from them again. I found myself revisiting a lot of them frequently, solving their issues as well as being rewarded for completing those side quests. Definitely love this approach!3. Graphics? Simply BEAUTIFUL/GORGIOUS WORLD with stunning views in almost all areas. While admittedly it took me some time to adapt to it (especially while running and fighting enemies), I got adapted to it rather quickly and have thoroughly enjoyed every level I played not just for the story/fights but also for observing the surrounding beautiful landscapes as well.4. Music? Absolutely brilliant! The music was calming at times, intense at other times, but it was always fitting to the scene and really helped get me totally ""immersed"" in the atmosphere of this great game!5. Fighting? Very fluid and you get more abilities (as well as power-ups for your companion ""Fidget"") as you progress so that you can revisit old areas and unlock hidden chests in areas that you weren't able to reach previously. Though, my ONLY ""criticism"" of this entire game is that, while you get new abilities/power-ups, you do NOT get any ""new combos"" as you progress, meaning you are stuck doing the SAME combos over and over again from start to the end of this game. So as a note to developers, for future similar games, please add more new combos to decrease the ""repetitiveness"" of killing the enemies with the same old combos over and over again.Nonetheless, the one criticism above does NOT have any major impact on my enjoyment of this game. Definitely a ""must-buy"" for those who enjoy stories that are told in an old style ""cartoony"" fashion with FULL VOICE ACTING for all dialogues as well as those who just enjoy side-scrolling fighting games in general.Final Rating: 10/10. (And hoping for a FUTURE SEQUEL to this game as well! :D)"
76561198057271150,Recommended,236090,19775521,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Urimashe,when a game makes you cry you know it was good.
76561198005887733,Recommended,236090,8128230,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DiscoSamuraiGuy,"Beautiful game, vibrant colours, fluid controls along with a simple yet fun fighting system, great voice acting, nice story arc, and I cant believe this was all programmed, coded, and graphically designed by one guy!"
,Recommended,236090,16312768,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,R-CAT,I LOVE THIS GAME 10/10 FIDGET IS ADORABLETHE CONTROLS ARE GREAT THE COMBAT IS GREAT THE CHARACTERS ARE GREAT THE STORY IS GREAT THE VISUALS ARE GREAT THE MUSIC IS GREAT THE SOUNDS ARE GREAT EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS AMAZINGi haven't finished it yet i think i'm about only 28% into it bUT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,236090,15647494,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bagel,This game looks beautiful and I intend to beat it in the near future. The gameplay that I encountered was smooth and fun.
,Recommended,236090,15401774,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Noaksey,With strong visuals and solid game play this game is a true jewel. The fluid game flow and solid platforming really help you distract from the something lengthy quest collection / gathering.If you are looking for a platformer with great fighting and game play then this is the game for you.I highly recommend this game!
76561198051888916,Recommended,236090,8077338,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ahmad.alhamar,"Nice and cartoony and fun...but not absorbing, and ultimately forgettable. The thing I enjoyed the most was collecting all the indie tributes."
76561198063893902,Recommended,236090,15300462,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The Doctor's Shadow,"The graphics and music are amazing! Only 3 hours in and I'm loving the character dialoge and story. Made ""mostly"" by one man and you would never be able to tell."
,Recommended,236090,16697909,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ALSOQT,"The storyline was great, the visual were amazing and the soundtrack was awesome!Great game to play! It was really enjoyable."
76561198117009317,Recommended,236090,14105461,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gingkage,"I first heard about Dust: An Elysian Tail when a youtuber I'm subscribed to started playing it.And my first impression wasn't good. I was pretty sure that it would be a game that I wouldn't watch him play. But I liked Fidget. She made me laugh. And I wanted to give the game a fair chance. So I figured I'd give it three episodes before making my final judgement.This was a year or so ago, but I'm pretty sure that by episode two, I was HOOKED on this game. I was very sad that I didn't have a system that could run it (so when I discovered it was on Steam and I could play it on my computer, I immediately put it in my wishlist for when I had money for it).The story is engaging, the game itself is beautiful, both in look and sound, and the main characters really grow on you. At least that's what happened to me.It's not perfect, though. The platforming isn't easy even if (presumably) you're good at platformers. I am NOT good at platformers, so I'm pretty sure the game was trying to kill me. And it did. Many, many times. But I can't fault the game for something that's my problem. It's not its fault I'm horrible at that type of game. And I'm not sure if it was just a difficulty spike or if I was just underleveled and playing poorly, but the Cirramon Caverns, specifically when you're fighting two Trolks at once, kicked my BUTT. And this is ignoring the nightmare that is navigating bomb fruit things along spikey areas, sometimes with time limits that DO NOT feel long enough. The controlls also didn't always perform how I wanted them to when I wanted them to, but I'm going to blame that on my computer and not the game.What is, possibly, the game's fault, however, is a glitch that I ran into a couple of times. There's a skill that you get that lets you slide along the ground. Sections of the game are impossible to get through without this skill. In one such area, I BELIVE it was Abadis Forest when you have to run a gauntlet of slime monsters able to attack you from below, when I had finally gotten all the way through the underground area and dropped down, I hit a glitch. In this glitch, the entire screen became the color of Dust's clothing and the only way to play the game was to restart at my last save point. Going to the help section, I received some very helpful, and very prompt, advice on how to fix it. It turned out to be a cache problem. Okay. Cache problem solved, on with the game! Then I had to revisit the area since I had missed some treasures. I hit the same problem. It had the same fix, but it was annoying.But a few annoyances don't detract from my overall enjoyment of the game. Dust, Fidget, and Ahrah are solidly written and well voiced characters that I grew to love over the course of watching a youtuber play this game. I know some people don't like them. Dust becomes a whiny, angsty teenager mid-way through the game, Fidget has an annoying voice, Ahrah is all around boring, are the general comments I've seen concerning the characters, or at least the voice actors.But I disagree. Dust is a blank slate. He's trying to do the good he can, without knowing who he is, and people keep either accusing him of doing something he can't recall doing, or expecting him to selflessly give of himself at every turn. In his shoes, I'd have sat down, cried and cried and cried, and then flat-out refused to do anything. I think he's allowed to let the frustration get to him and come out in the game.Yes, Fidget's voice CAN be seen as annoying, but I'm in the camp that finds that voice to be part of her charm. I also like that Fidget brings humanity to the game. Ahrah is the Gandalf type of character. He's wise, he'll help Dust as much as he can, but he's always pushing Dust to make the decisions that will allow him to accomplish his end goal. Dust is, as said above, a blank slate, and placed in a frustrating situation. He's trying to do the right thing, but that's not easy to do. Fidget lets him laugh, gives him a friend to tease who gives as good as she gets, and just brings a lightness to the game that neither Dust nor Ahrah could give it. But at the same time, when the story calls for it, she can become as serious as any of them. There's a scene in Mudpot that, without spoiling it as much as I can, they're unable to bring a task to a happy ending for everyone. Ahrah is serene about it, taking the stance of 'Sometimes our best isn't enough, and there's nothing we can do to change this.' Dust becomes angry, lashing out at Ahrah who's frustrating him with his serenity. But Fidget is truly heartbroken. They did everything they were supposed to, and it wasn't enough. My heart broke for Fidget when that happened. And then when it happened again later in the game, my heart broke even more. Kimlinh did a fantastic job in putting that emotion into her voice.And Ahrah is incredibely important. Dust is the warrior. Fidget is the humanity. But Ahrah is the glue that brings and then holds them together. Without Ahrah, Fidget and Dust would have never met. And I don't think that they would have stayed together without Ahrah. Ahrah is a magical sword. Fidget is the sword's guardian. Ahrah going to Dust is the only reason the two of them met, and I think that if he'd left, no matter how attached Fidget was to Dust, she'd have done her duty and followed. But more than that, Ahrah is the Gandalf of the group. He's wise enough to realize that you can do your best, and it's not always going to be enough. And to the best of his ability, he tries to comfort Fidget and Dust when they need it. One of my favorite things about this game is the Fidget/Dust dynamic. But at the core of that dynamic, at its foundation, Ahrah is the one who's there.But this is running long, and I've said more than I really need to. I love this game. It's not easy, it can be incredibly frustrating at times, but this is a game that I believe will stay with me for years to come. If this had a rating system, I'd give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,7580358,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,PopinFRESH,Absolutly fantastic! I've heard nothing but great things about Dust and now having played it I can agree; Dust is a wonderfuly exectuted action adventure platformer with a sprinkel of RPG elements. I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,236090,17500407,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,AstroWolfD,"Just started playing, but blown away already. Awesome art, perfect voice acting, and very fluid combat. I can't wait to experience more!"
,Recommended,236090,680534,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,WidescreenRules,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you love Metroidvania, you'll love this.  But if you have an appreciation for hand-drawn art as well as programming by ONE GUY, you'll love this even more.  Seriously.  Buy this.  You have no excuses!"
,Recommended,236090,18189314,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lynox,"One of the best action platformers I ever played, I think. First and foremost, the supreme soundtrack. I fits every moment of the game and is of such a high quality. Turn it up loud then you play this. The surroundings are incredibly detailed and colourful, the characters are interesting, all different and fun to know. The gameplay is really thight. And the story, oh the story, really really great. Amazing masterpiece of a game, one platformer that you really don't want to miss out on!"
76561198095683577,Recommended,236090,18533291,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GlazeBlade,This is the best game ever i want more ^^
,Recommended,236090,2400638,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Cloud57,"Dean Dodrill, thanks!"
,Recommended,236090,7397988,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,The Real HELLCAT,"A platformer/jump'n'run that works well and is fun is a rare find these days.""Dust"" is one of those.As if the 2D platform / jump'n'run like gameplay mixed with classic RPG elements isn't done good enough already, the graphics are lovely and very enjoyfull to look at, the dialogs and characters are fun and always good for a laugh.Play it with a controller/gamepad and you'll even have 100% more fun, the controlls are just perfect."
,Recommended,236090,1555518,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,HoosTrax,"Can't recommend this game enough:- Most satisfying day-one purchase I've made in some time, topping Fez even- The game is the full package - art, music, gameplay, story- Scratches that Metroidvania itch very nicely - best game of this genre I've played since 2008's Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia- The main character handles incredibly gracefully and smoothly, making combat feel like a balletApproximate length: roughly 15 hours to 100%"
,Recommended,236090,211604,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Kashaar,"In case anyone was thinking of picking this up, I can testify that it's quite awesome. Not sure what it is about it that makes it so great, but the hacking and slashing is extremely enjoyable and satisfying, and wow, the music, that's just incredibly epic. I could listen to that all day!"
,Recommended,236090,8701419,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,RobLoach,"I'd love to thank Dean Dodrill and Alex Brandon not only for this amazing game, but also Jazz Jackrabbit 2. Re-living my childhood through this game, listening to its music, watching its beautiful animation, getting sucked into the deep story, I had an absolutely amazing time with it, and wish it wasn't over.The music alone will send you on the epic journey, and bring you back home again:http://hyperduck.bandcamp.com/album/dust-an-elysian-tail-original-soundtrackGet this game."
76561198054140812,Recommended,236090,9812145,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,G4RR3TT,"This is one of the best indie games i have played.Made by one man,with the exception of music composers and voice actors,this game is realy worth its price.At its core its a Metroid/Castlevania style game.Great animation and gorgeous hand painted 2D graphics.It lacks a lot of weapons and special moves,but the simplicity of the combat system  works because its fluid and fast.You will be looking at the great background art and the animation ,while you slice and dice your way through legions of enemies,without feeling bored.Decent story,some side missions  and secrets to uncover,the game is a fun ride from start to finish that deserves a chance!"
,Recommended,236090,2086893,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Grav,"A bit Castlevania, a bit Devil May Cry, a bit Secret of Mana. This game takes cues from good games old and new and combines them with modern sensibilities and original design to create something great.Beautiful visuals and memorable characters punctuate a touching story of a character with a conflicted origin, crossing both tragedy and epic heroism as the protagonist of the story, Dust, crafts his true destiny. Dust starts with little more than a vague recollection of times long past and quickly finds himself in a position to help those in need, and through his travels learns of dark deeds that have sunk the land into an oppressive sorrow, as well as his role in this situation, both past and present. Many would turn a blind eye or side with those who hold power, but there's something different about this one...It's well worth the paltry price being asked, if you enjoy broad gamplay and exploration. A combo system that allows you to juggle entire spawns of enemies and fly around like a madman, as well as tag team attacks allowing you to amp up your signature attack and become a human lightning rod, are combined with an action RPG leveling system and metroidvania exploration. Beatiful hand painted levels beg you to explore them and find every little hidden secret, with a surprising level of detail hidden around every corner."
76561198072534192,Recommended,236090,23785223,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ReachNetwork,"11/10 Bashed a rock column with a talking sword and a prestine, fully cooked, ready to eat, roasted chicken fell out when it finally crumbled.Review is edited because this one wouldn't actually post:But in all seriousness...I bought this game for the Xbox360 when it first released, when I had heard it was released for the PC, I didn't hesitate to buy it again, at the full price. Yep, this game was valuable enough to me to BUY IT TWICE.How this game, made by ONE person specifically for the Xbox360, gets a better PC port than most Triple A titles just goes to show the lack-luster effort devs with literally hundreds of millions of dollars at their disposal throw at trying to satisfy their customers. One guy was able to do it better than an entire team of hundreds of people.This calls back to a time when games were made by gamers, for gamers - for enjoyment. Not by Publishers, for money - because f**k you. The game basically sells itself.People look at cliches with a stigma of ""It's bad"" when really most stories are just variations of the ""Seven Basic Plot Points"". Without revealing too much you've got: Generally quiet, withdrawn protagonist with memory loss, with the comedic relief side-kick and a literal facist antagonist. If you haven't stopped reading this review by now, buy the game dammit.As for the Genre, it's a heavy mix of Side-Scroller, Beat'Em Up, with some RPG leveling aspects in the background. This is a game you play for the gameplay and the story, not the genre itself, of which Dust: An Elysian Tale can't really figure out which category it's in.Speaking of gameplay, it's more akin to well, Halo's difficulty curve - veteran Halo players will know that Legendary isn't that difficult once you figure out the technique. Enemies hit hard, and have more health the further you push it up. So people looking to be an unstoppable force should start the game on Normal, it's easy enough. The biggest jump between difficulties is that Checkpoints regenerate less and less health the harder the difficulty. 100, 50, 25, and 10 percent respectively from Easiest to Hardest. Once you find an item that regenerates your health, you just go AFK and wait for Dust to heal while you grab a snack or something. I mean you could use all that food you've collected/bought - but why would you? Gotta save that resource, of which you have no limit to the number of items you can hold, all the way to the end of the, by which time you've beaten it and went through like all 14 hours of the game without eating a damn thing while, considering the moves you can pull off, Dust has to be burning like 10000 calories an hour here.Infact, that's probably my one critique, having to handicap yourself to make the game more difficult, even on the hardest difficulty. ""BUT REACH IT SAYS YOU HAVEN'T BEAT THE GAME ON TOUGH OR HARDCORE."" You got me skippy, I haven't... it's one of the few games for the Xbox360 I have to be completely finished for all achievements, back when it was released.Other things I should probably address:-""REACH, I SEE ANTHROS IN THE TRAILER AND THUMBNAILS UP ABOVE."" It's the art style, honestly, I think anthropomorphic characters suit the design and direction better anyway. Pay no attention to it, the characters, save the talking sword, talk mostly normal save a few monologues. This isn't some spat-up Tumblr/Deviantart Anthro R34 garbage. Just by playing the game you can see the time and effort the creator dumped into making this game.-""Reach, why are you posting this review so late in the day if you bought it all the way back when?"" I rarely post steam reviews, and only for game I consider to be extraordinary. This was on the front page because of the Steam Summer Sale, 2016 and I went ""Huh, I should post a review on that, it's a good game.""Ending notes:-Buy it-It's awesome-Lots of fun-Good story-Great gameplay-Feel the effort put into the game-Find all the goodies and extrasFinal thoughts: Didn't get poisioned at all on my first run through of the game. Second play through got over confident and finally got poisoned. Found out there was dialogue for being poisoned the first time. Purposely get poisoned first chance I get for the dialogue. 9/10 missed opportunity first time around.Talking sword said I shouldn't cause an avalanche. Flying nimbat said it was the only way to climb further up the mountain. Protagonist agrees with flying nimbat, not the sword he uses. 8/10 would tell Arrah to f**k off agian.Mouse guy named Avgustin is totally Canadian no matter what anyone says. 10/10 best game ever, most accurate portrayal of a Canadian.Game has hologram projectors to talk to a black smith that can somehow transport materials I'm carrying with me, along with money to the Blacksmith at the top of a huge hill and send them back to me whereever I am. Still only have a sword as a weapon. 7/10 want my Shotgun for fighting zombies.I bashed a metal flying aircraft with a sword, hooked it by the tip and slammed it into the ground. 10/10 MGS Revengence ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on Dust: An Elysian Tale.Wet suit has better defense stat than a Chain Mail vest. 3/10 no realism."
,Recommended,236090,7818113,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Diehr Wolf,"This game actually took me by surprise. I went into it thinking this would be a short leveled time waster, but it turned out I actually like this game quite a bit. The scenery is soothing, the action is quick, and it's gameplay is pretty fun.It's a mix for me between Castlevania SotN, and Muramasa for the Wii.Worth picking up if you enjoy side scrollers."
,Recommended,236090,18279237,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Impulse The Fox,"This is the best game that I've playing so far. I love the story and the characters, and the ending is so deep. My new favorite game actually - a must have (especially for furries :P)"
76561198120181297,Recommended,236090,11380539,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,cumdrop420,"This game. Is ♥♥♥♥ing FANTASTIC. Oh my god.So it's an excellent, well-designed side-scrolling action RPG with a well-designed, well-polished combat system and awesome graphics, and it runs smoothly on even my garbage 4-year-old laptop. But the real selling point is the storyline. Holy ♥♥♥♥, the storyline. Riveting, well-written, YEARS ahead of what you'd expect from an indie action RPG.Also, quests, a cool, new level-up system, and Fidget.Fidget, the little orange creature seen on the cover of this game, is a selling point on her own. She's cute, funny, she's not just there for fanservice, she actually helps you learn the game mechanics and helps you through the storyline. And she's shaped like an ancient sex goddess. She ♥♥♥♥ing radiates sex appeal in everything she does.Buy this game. Seriously."
,Recommended,236090,11971172,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Tyrleon,"The short version: I would consider this the side-scrolling equivalent of Okami. It's beautiful to look at; elegant controls; robust skill progression; an original, well-told story; and a fitting soundtrack.Having experienced the evolution of gaming from the Commodore 64/Odyssey days through today, playing a game that is inspired by previous generations, be it in terms of graphics (the glut of 'pixel' art games) or gameplay (sidescrolling/platforming) is a hard sell for me.Dust: An Elysian Tale blew me away. The story was engaging, with plenty of memorable characters, and surprisingly voice acted. The art style, whether you are talking about the beautifully hand painted backgrounds, the smooth combat animations, or the anime style cutscenes, all fit together perfectly, with each location a treat to look at.I would buy this again in a heartbeat, and hope, one day, to return to the world of Elysia."
76561198029942421,Recommended,236090,23939925,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lloxie,"A wonderful game with a beautiful style, loveable characters, and addictive gameplay. I honestly can't think of a single negative thing to say about it; except maybe that it ended in a semi-cliffhanger and I wish they'd release a sequel already! If you enjoy action-platformers with some RPG elements added in, this is one you can't afford to miss, especially considering the low cost. It's a lot of fun, the story is wonderful, the character interactions are charming, the graphics are beautiful and colorful, and the game itself is thoroughly glitch-free in my experience, unlike many other games I've played these days."
76561198082825945,Recommended,236090,10927854,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ayros,Ahhh this game is really beautiful~
,Recommended,236090,14712566,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,McMc,"CONSsome of the acting is pretty cheesy I couldve slit some of the NPCs throats because I have to listen to their stupidy and it sometimes makes me just want to dig a hole and wait there until i die.I dont understand exactly what the age range for this game is, yes I have seen some grown men on youtube play this, but honestly what was the exact age range the creator was looking for?There are dead corspes, and then theres a lack of blood, not to mention I feel the animation is expressed in a very kid-friendly way, idkI wish he would make those faces more attractive? Is really the eyes that struck me, its just, theyre so big, if I got a needle and tried poking one of their faces with my eye closed, theres a 90% chance I would hit the eye.The acting isnt very great for some___________________________________________________________________________________PROSThe Story line is really great, im going to keep this short so i dont give anything awayThe way the graphics move is absolutely gorgeousWaffle :DThe ending got me a little.Pancake :DIm running out of prosPotato :DDust is OP___________________________________________________________________________________In the end, the game is really good, although some of the characters faces dont match their voices (or their character at all) and I dont exactly know what target market hes going for, I suggest you atleast try the game!"
76561198089472763,Recommended,236090,18709875,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,sarahfoster411,wonderful game :D
,Recommended,236090,11997456,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bucket,"At first glance, it may seem like just an average single-player RPG that does not stand out from other famous titles. However, i do have to say, great soundtrack, awesome storyboard and smooth and wicked gameplay to top it off. An extremely well-made game for a solo game-maker. Definitely recommended."
76561198191463049,Recommended,236090,19067901,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Heffeization,"Wonderful game, top notch story, good gameplay,"
76561197993483377,Recommended,236090,7677560,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Thunder Monkey,"A really well done game. You can tell this isn't from a big studio but that adds to the charm of what is still a very good quality and well thought out game. I love side-scrolling beat-em-ups and this adds some RPG elements. Enough to make the game interesting for RPG haters like me, and surely something for the purists to get something out of it. The great voice acting and likeable characters help round out a great story and you have a game worth your time. If you like what you see in the trailer, get it!"
,Recommended,236090,19059507,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,TheLOLonPC,"Wow, I bought this game when my friend told me. I had only 3 euros on my account and got this game on sale. At first I thought it wouldn't be anything special but after only 10 minutes I relised this game offered a great soundtrack and gameplay. I give this game a 9.5/10. Would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,236090,11209464,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Zuzow,"This game is awsome, beautiful and make me cry at the end! i recomend A LOT <3"
76561197970988663,Recommended,236090,8458747,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dan,"Great sidescroller action RPG with a great art style and world design.Combat is fun and responsive and as you move forward in the game it becomes more and more varied with different enemies requiring different tactics.It also had a descent questing, crafting and inventory system.Story is nothing new though, but the characters mirror each other well.Although if you have a disstaste for typical anime character ""cuteness"" the story is probably not something you will like. However; It can be quickly skipped."
76561198002640268,Recommended,236090,19122641,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dantounet,- Great soundtrack- Great gameplay- Great ambiance- Great chara & world designI was impressed by the quality of visual.
,Recommended,236090,17670522,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Gray,"One of the best games I have played to date. A story that is unique, and deep, that sucked me in. Game play was more enjoyable than some AAA games. Only wish it was longer, or gets a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,17673275,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,BuchLite,"Lol, Aaawww,Shiit, Exiting, Blum, Bledar-bledar, Slash2, Swouchoiuuzoiz, Hiks2...Who is cutting onions in here??? :'("
76561198050534153,Recommended,236090,17677434,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nagase,"So, first of all, this is my first review.Difficulty: Normal; 17h played; lvl 46 - 47Something to the game and the chars.* The game is a 2D World in the art of the Trine game-series.* Each time you left a map-square, it will respawn (endless farm & lvl potential until maximum ?).* The combat system is simple but is entertaining; you have some combos you can easily do like jump hit 3 times and right click to throw your enemy to the ground, especially good in the late stage in my opinion.* There are 12 (?) friends you can ""unlock""; each gives you a +5% HP bonus.* Fidget seems extremely childish and annoying during the good first half of the main quest.* Dust don't know who he is and is looking for answers, which makes him sometimes angry because of mental pressure.* Ahrah is the blade which Dust is carrying. He speaks with Dust and advise him through the magical journey.* If you are on the map, you can watch upwards and see Fidget eating or sleeping on a tree bough.* You can forge your weapons; they aren't always buyable in the shop.Story.Pretty much this: Dust.The entire story is build around the main character which we as customers are playing. Dust wanders through the world and helps people. He seems to remember them all, but no one remembers him. You will interact in the world and you have up to three or four dialogue options.You will find many quests through your way in the world.A note here: It's a deep philosophical game; it handles about life and death and about his understanding in the world.Positives and Dislike.The only thing I dislike are the fact that self-made weapons aren't more gold worth, while selling, than the actual cost of forging it. It seems there are some troubles with my graphic card driver too (AMD Radeon HD 7650M).Q: What is your opinion on the Story ?A: 10/10Q: How do you liked the overall content (smithing etc) ?A: 10/10Q: Opinion about Quests and Dialogues ?A: 10/10Q: Is the combat system entertaining enough ?A: 10/10Q: Did you share tears at the end of the game ?A: 10/10Q: Would you buy a Fidget-puppet on amazon ?A: 10/10Q: Would you buy a wallpaper/drawing of Fidget gifting you a Fidget-Drawing ?A: 10/10Q: Do you recommend this game ?A: 10/10Q: Overall experience and commenting ?A: I love this game. I'll play it for sure again. It's an awesome job. Can we have Fidget-puppets on sale online ?"
,Recommended,236090,17758801,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Strategius4,Very nice game with a great atmosphere. The voice acting is also well done. The length is exactly right and there is a difficulty for every kind of player. I strongly recommend this game for people who like 2D action platformer games and a good storyline and some dialoges.
,Recommended,236090,13567499,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nightcatsmeow,"I orriginally played this on the X-Box 360 and bought it here so access to the game will outlive my x-box (will likely purchase AGAIN if it makes it onto PS Vita)Dust is an oft times frenetic side scrolling beatemup with an aluring story that I wont spoil.   The game play is basic on the surface but has more depth involving the interplay between the proteganist Dust and his charmingly offbeat  and sometimes cowardly sidekick Fidgit.  Infact the dialogue between them makes the game, (especially some of her 4th wall breaking commentary such as an early fight when the talking sword Dust carries tells him to use the skill she has learned and Fidget tells him to just mash buttons)..Dust has mostly close up sword skills with the expected levels of upgrades and advancements, Fidget takes the place of you magic system with some impressive sometimes screen clearing special attacks.I don't recall a point where I felt the game was unfairly difficult, and found it highly enjoyable..Pick it up sometime :)"
,Recommended,236090,13653678,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ProfessorCirno,"A fun little action+platformer.  I think I wouldn't be as fond of it if I hadn't played it while I was in Korea.  Doesn't shake up the genre any, but is entertaining enough."
,Recommended,236090,2273223,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Alysdair Kurast,"You will often find, among gamers and critics alike, diverse opinions that state the positives and negatives of various games, with things such as ""the game is good"" or ""the game was too short"" or ""the controls suck.""This is not the case with Dust: An Elysian Tail.  I have been a gamer my entire life, ostracized as a child in school by the very people now addicted to Call of Duties and Madden NFLs.  I have watched the evolution of gaming from the 8-and-16-bit era of Mario and Sonic, the evolution of PC gaming from text based RPGs to DragonAge and Skyrim.Of all the games I have played, from casual Runescape to the intensely cerebral Europa Universalis, from the flashy twitch gaming of Smash Brothers to the thought-out fights of Guild Wars.  ""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" is by far one of the most defining creations in the Gaming Industry.  What makes it more spectacular and amazing is the story of a single man hand-drawing and developing the game from scratch over years, of an indie developer given a chance on Xbox Arcade.Dead Dodrill has brought to us a game that, in collaboration with secondary writer Alex Kain, and composers Alexander Brandon and HypderDuck Soundworks, defines everything we love about gaming.  He brings us back to the core elements of a video game.I can say, without a doubt in my mind, that Dust: An Elysian Tail is, by far, the greatest representation of Video Games as an Artform.  If there ever any confusion or concern if games could be consider Art, Dead Dodrill has proved us otherwise.No amount of praise I could give would satisfy my love for this game.  For 17 years, Blizzard Entertainment's Starcraft franchise has held a special place in my heart as my favorite game of all time.  Upon completion of this artistic masterwork, I can say that this has changed.Dean Dodrill, Alexander Brandon, and everyone else that not only made this game possible, but brought it to the attention of the general public.  I thank you, and I heartily reccommend this game for anyone."
,Recommended,236090,3580803,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Shoggi,One of the best games i have played in recent times. Everything about it is great. I can't recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,236090,7978216,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Araxia (Lux),"Decent story, good gameplay, not that bad overall. Would recommend if you are a fan of side scrolling hack and slash games."
,Recommended,236090,1131402,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,♛ Froggy,"This game is compleatly amazing, ""WTF is Dust: An Elysian Tail"" - Google"
76561198076027607,Recommended,236090,10531654,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,joji,got a couple hours to spare? try it out!
,Recommended,236090,10811288,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Exion,"Dust is one of the few games that I often recommend to people. The storyline is light but entertaining. However, my main interest in this game is the combat. Comboing between spell casting and melee combat is incredible fun and interesting. The amount of upgrading and exploring will keep you busy for a while"
,Recommended,236090,14062584,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Squirrelly,"I highly recommend this game.  What first got my attention for this game was the artwork.  And it is beautiful.  But then I found it's a 2D 'platformer' game, which I'm not that big on.  However I did enjoy Castlevania and some other reviews here likened it to that game too.  Then I learned that it was almost entirely done by a single person - animation, programming, everything, other than voices and music.  So then I was very impressed.  Especially with all the other very positive reviews.  So with it being on sale I went ahead and picked it up.And 70-some hours later I'm extreamly glad I did.  I still love the artwork, but have also fallen in love with the characters and the story.  Very enjoyable voicing.  I totally love Fidget (the Nimbat that looks to be a cross of a bat and fox).  There is a very serious and interesting story told, but also lots of fun and humor mixed in.  The fighting which you do a lot of was just fine for me.  Enough challenge to be fun and worthwhile, but not to the point of frustraition.  And the platforming is more exploration and puzzling than having to make pixel-perfect jumps, for which I'm glad.All in all, if this game even looks a little interesting to you, by all means pick it up and have fun.  Even at full price it's not all that much, but on sale it's a no-brainer."
,Recommended,236090,14219145,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ju Viole Grace,"love this game. fluid controls, amazing story. and incredible combat animationsonly drawback is is animation during talk scenes."
76561198035704171,Recommended,236090,10710622,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ness,"They scared fidget, everyone will die now"
,Recommended,236090,13852406,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Oni-chan Essence,"Gameplay is some what repetitive but its a good game. Storyline is good, hope to see more games like this or a DLCOverall for this game = Money well spent. Nuff said"
76561198037385963,Recommended,236090,8134144,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WOLF,"Great game and looks utterly beautiful, would highly recommend playing."
76561198064866391,Recommended,236090,14669311,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,M'aiq the Liar,"The world is lacking in great 21st century side scrollers. Dust helps to fill that void. Amazing. If you like 2D hack -n- slash , you'll love it.  The story is OK. But I enjoyed it. The LVLing and gameplay is where it shines. Old school = kill enemys for XP and stuff. Good Times!"
,Recommended,236090,13998801,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,kissmemore,"BUY IT!Not a huge fan of platformers, but I couldn't stop playing this one. Controls are easy, animation is all liquid like :D Soundtrack and voice adorable!10/10 Would buy again."
,Recommended,236090,460592,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Fatereaver,Amazing.Thats the only thing that describes itAmazing GameplayAmazing StorylineAmazing HumorAmazing DramaAmazing Graphics
76561198062270676,Recommended,236090,13810571,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Your Worst Daydream,"Let me start off by saying this indie game is beautiful. The backgrounds are a joy to behold and the music compliments it well. Weather you are in the forest, in the caves, on a snow covered mountain or whatever, the environment is always very pretty to look at.Gameplay is wild. You hack and slash and spin and bombard your enemies into submission with the grace a tornado of ninjas. There really is something magical about it. I went through the game twice and throwing an enemy 80 feet into the air, flying up at him, grabbing him, and piledriving him back into the ground never lost its appeal. If I had oto complain about the combat, I'd say it can get very easy to lose track of what's going on in the chaos and that the player could have been given more attack combinations. However, as it stands it is visceral and amusing.Additionally the game has a Metroidvania style exploration aspect to it. It has keys to find to unlock treasure chests you find, some require upgrades to reach, and it has some puzzles to it help break-up any tedium you may feel from destroying you enemies all day.In short, if you like pretty, hack-n-slash, Metroidvania games you owe it to yourself to pick up this Indie title."
,Recommended,236090,13680971,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,firemage,"Fun game, much time waster."
,Recommended,236090,9308849,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Giant Nobody (♥),"To start of, the art-style and art-design are extremely beautiful, giving a lot of life to the game. The characters are also very likeable, well written and have good voice-acting. The plot of the game while well written doesn't really do anything too new but the world itself is so deep that it's still very easy to get sucked into the world.You can't talk about this game without mentioning the music. It's extremely well composed and memorable. I'd even say it's worth picking up the soundtrack so you can listen to it whenever you want.As for the gameplay, it's basically a metroidvania, with a lot of the mechanics you would expect from such a game. Something it doesn't have is multiple types weapons but instead a lot of effort was put into the combat to make it more enjoyable. While you don't have that many combos you can perform, you can easily go from one to the next, making the combat really fluent.The only real negative I have is that the ending didn't give a real closure to the characters and ending a game on a low note isn't something you want since that's what the player will remember the most. Still, there's too much to experience from this game for the ending to bring it down.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdBuzkfo7Tw"
76561198141744858,Recommended,236090,13233175,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Eleana Lee,"I am in love with this game.  I've never completed a game so fast in my life.  Every spare time I had (since I've just finished my exams and am now on my break) was spent sitting in front of my computer playing this game.I love the artwork, as hand-drawn graphics had always appealed to me.  I also love the soundtrack, as it's equal parts mellow and epic, depending on the situation.  The gameplay is nice, easy to pick up, a bit hard to master (I've gotten quite frustrated at some of the platforming, took a lot of tries).  Overall, it's a really nice game, and I kind of wished it had been a bit longer, but it was a very enjoyable ride.Also, love the story.  It's nice to see a break from the usual ""good guys always wins no matter what"" pattern in other games.  I also love the little play on words, and of course, the sassiness in the dialogues."
76561198072670864,Recommended,236090,6696901,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,TouchOfOblivion,"This game is amazing. Visually stunning once you realize ONE MAN did all the art, but prior to that is very pleasant if a bit ""childish"". However, don't let the appearance fool you. This art style might make you think of movies like An Americal Tail(note the name similarity?) or All Dogs Go to Heaven, but the game is not a kiddy game.For a metroidvania style game, something I don't usually care for, I have a great deal of fun playing it. I like seeing the characters, I like the enemies, I like the backgrounds and environments and I love the story. Even the voice acting was done in people's homes and such rather than studios. This affects the quality of some performances, but overall this is a labor of love and dedication and it shows. Get this the moment you can."
,Recommended,236090,10925028,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"The game trailler and the images make the game seems more boring than it actually is. The game is much more cool.It's a metroidvania platformer kind of game, with very good controls, lots of animations and all dialogs narrated.It's a great game. I had fun."
,Recommended,236090,16127085,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Baphomet,"I was pretty surprised by how good this game was. The combat is fluid and dust is easy to move around, making finding secrets and defeating bosses more a matter of skill than trial and error. The food and crafting systems seemed a bit superfluous but also added a little Korean charm to the game. The percentage and mapping system also make it easier for completionists to keep track of what areas have been thoroughly explored. My only real beef with the game is that the character design is sort of deviantart-esque and the dialogue can get a bit cringey with certain VA's. Worth picking up if you like metroidvanias!"
,Recommended,236090,7498395,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Griefed,"Easily my game of the year. Good story, good combat and a very nicely crafted world to play around in. All around worth a shot."
,Recommended,236090,7544588,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,SeL`,"Great game. Really fluid combat system, the 2D art style looks great. The story itself is interesting and fairly well developed. Very simple yet entertaining gameplay that is really appealing."
76561198016891485,Recommended,236090,13706170,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nukkima,"Best Side Scrolling Game I've played in a long time.  The story line is wonderfull, I intend to play this thoughly though again and again, if not to hit higher then the 1,000 combo."
,Recommended,236090,14075729,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,FallenFromGlory,"I can't get over how pretty this game is. It's such a wonderful title, and everyone should play it. From the ""in between screens screen"" (easily my favorite part of the game, you know, the campfire thing with fidget always doing something adorable) to the voice acting, this game is a work of art. I can't wait to play more.Recommend? That isn't even a question. In order for a sentence to be a question, an inquiry must be made where the recpient of said inquiry must then choose an answer from two or more possibilities. There is only one here."
76561198064966149,Recommended,236090,15044282,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cerberus,"One the best and most beautiful games I've ever played. The story is amazing. The characters are all perfectly characterized and make you actually care for them. The graphics are better than any realistic game can ever hope to achieve and is overall an almost perfect game.My only problems are the bosses and spells. I feel that there should have been more boss fights in the game, although the ones there are are all great, interesting and heart-pumping. I also feel that there should have been more magic spells to make the combat more interesting.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone who wishes to play an amazing game. It's now one of my favourites and if they announce a sequel, I would support and buy it in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,236090,14788591,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Gabcvit,"This game is really awesome! It has an awesome gameplay, a memorable soundtrack, and a nice plot. It's really curious how those kind of games can impress you when you give them a chance.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,8214168,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Duskyui,"Great combat, awesome story, and HOLY MOTHER OF GOD, THIS GAME LOOKS BEAUTIFUL! This is definitely an experience you don't want to miss out on.Fidget is really adorable as well."
76561198043849636,Recommended,236090,10940298,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DiscoWarlock,"This game is really fun, and has a good story. Here's hoping for sequel.Some of the hidden chests are tough to find but it's very enjoyable figuring out the secret areas of the maps.But damn is it ever hard on hardcore setting."
76561198088620180,Recommended,236090,8397791,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,joeyhatesu,"It's games like this that make me crawl out my wall of trolls also known as online gaming and take the time to enjoy a game by myself and at my own pace. This game seems to always be on sale and you are a fool if you dont pick it up. If you like titles like Castlevania Sotn, Super Metroid,  etc etc then by all means give Dust a shot, you wont regret it at any price."
,Recommended,236090,5284301,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Varakh,I cannot recommend this game enough to people. The art is amazing. The Story so far is great and the game feels great to play. 10/10 Take my money
76561198053679834,Recommended,236090,10823838,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Irritable =LSZ= Assassin,All of my feels. Every last one of them.
,Recommended,236090,7895296,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mira,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a platforming 2D hack-and-slash action RPG game featuring stylish and colourful graphics, a variety of dazzling attacks and spells, RPG stats and equipment elements, tight controls with full controller support, top-notch soundtrack and sound effects, and an incredibly engaging story.My only complaints would be that the cinematics could have been better quality, the length was a tad too short in general, and there should have been more development of the other important characters aside from Dust. These are only minor though, as the game as a whole is incredibly fun with a surprising amount of depth to combat."
,Recommended,236090,10965303,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,yomiura,"Dust defines itself very well in action platformer genre with a mix of RPG element. It's battle mechanic let you freely perform a mix of ground combats, aerial combats, and magics to built up combo counter for better bonus exp and bonus item drops. Every level up grants you a point to increase one of the four stat category (HP, Attack, Defend, and Magic). This game also offer you sidequests to explore in each regions for hidden items, bonus, blueprint (to crafting accessory), and lot of references from other games. Most regions on the world map in this game are big and has a lot of room to explore.Personally, I am really enjoy Dust as for it's RPG element and lot of contents to explor in each regions in the game. All hidden chests in this game are not really well hidden though, the game rather focus to challenge your skill of a platformer than a puzzle skill; making this game quite enjoyable and enthertain to most audiences. Also, most hidden chests contain several kinds of materials and blueprints, a solid rewards of exploration in this game is to finding these blueprints which most likely to grant you access to a better gear quickly.There are two big flaws in this game, one fall in a repeatitive battle mechanics and one fall in a flat story. Player will get access to several new items and new magic while advancing the main quest, however, none of them significantly affect the play style. You will fall back to performing a usaul mix of ground, aerial, and magic all the entire game. Enemies in this game may receives a uniques identity in each regions (each chapters) but all of them mostly fall to the same three major types consist of Normal size, Big size, and Flying type; the strategy to fight off these three types throughout the game are the same, offer not much of a challenge to the player when accessing to a new area (except for higher HP and higher damage). I also found another disappointment in it's story. If you only focus on the movement of main story and main protagonist then you may find an enjoyment to some extent, but it is very sad that other major characters received no solid background and being rendered as pure good and pure evil with no clear reason; making the story simply not very interesting, at least to me. Also, at first the game seem like to grant player a freedom to make his own decision that could affect other characters (this option even significantly apply to one of the sidequests) but that's that. This freedom simply disappear in the later of the game.The final word is I really love this game. A metroidvania gamer like myself may find the most comfort in this game from exploration, it is simply fun to explore chests, get blueprints, and farming for materials. The amount of sidequests throughout the game are not much but, at least, acceptable. Even though the combat mechanic is quit repeatitive, it is still fun to roaming around the field with what the game has to offers. Also, Dust was actually released in 2012 so it is assumable for the game to receives a huge discount at this time. I recommend this is a good Action/platformer game you should at least try with no worry about it's prices when compare to all contents you will find in the game."
,Recommended,236090,10786112,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gray Not Gloomy,"Dust has a beautiful background and badly drawn characters. The characters are also vaguely to highly annoying. Luckily, the main character isn't bad, but your ""companion"" is almost as annoying as Navi. If you're lucky, you can read fast and skip over the voice acting/bad dialogue writing. The story is also subpar and fairly predictable.But, then you may wonder why I've played this game for 14 hours (as of writing this review.) Well, that's because the game play is just fun. It's not quite a beat 'em up but there are small hoardes of weak characters with some stronger ones thrown in (not counting the bosses.) There is a hit-combo tracker in the top corner of your screen and a minor quest, plus the steam achievements drive you to really try to continuously hit as many times as possible. It's not simple. It also contains moves that are done using certain button pressing and joystick controls in a row or in combination. Beyond that, it contains ""metroid-vania"" skills that give you access to new areas, further parts of the story, and treasure you missed when first going through areas. There are side quests and the ability to buy or make armor/rings/weapon-improving items.There are definitely some things that I just would rather not deal with with this game, but it's all in the cut scenes/story which is not a huge part of the actual gameplay which is good, because the game play is fun and continuously makes me want to move forward in the game. (Except for the very beginning which I played maybe a half hour of, and then didn't pick up the game for several months.)I'd recommend getting it if it is on sale for cheap because it's fun, but it's not really all that original, and it's not all that polished.Additional note: I cannot speak to how the game plays with a keyboard&mouse or just a keyboard (both options). I played this game using an Xbox remote as it seemed to be easier on my fingers since there is a lot of action-button pressing and thumbs do that better than fingers."
76561197995133463,Recommended,236090,7760686,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Drown In Your Lies,"Pretty much a love letter to Castlevania.  Normal's a bit too easy, but I was too distracted by the incredible visuals to care."
,Recommended,236090,10933399,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,as ☂,"Dust is a gem. They did a great job balancing the speed of gameplay and time for storytelling. Gamepad controls are excellent and precise and once you get used to it, you'll find yourself flying through the levels while going back and forth. Graphics are stunning and beautiful. No evil inside."
,Recommended,236090,7452063,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Seph Iruga,"Great game, history, good play mode.Altamente recomendable, una interesante historia y un buen modo de juego."
76561198038476975,Recommended,236090,8305688,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Demaskus,"Picked this game up on the recommendation of a few friends; have to say it was worth it. The graphics look stunning for a game made almost entirely by one person. The colors are very vibrant and really accentuate the atmosphere the rest of the game provides. The combat is very fluid, and it is quite entertaining using fidget powers with the dust storm flinging projectiles around the screen. Dust is littered with RPG elements from leveling up certain attributes to finding and crafting new equipable items (though his character sprite never changes). The story that unfolds as you proceed through the game is truly the icing on the cake which I will not spoil.However, Dust does suffer from its share of short comings. The replay value is not there, atleast from a new game file there isnt. You can collect all the items and most of the achivements in a single playthrough. The voice acting is mediocre and can sometimes be a little annoying (looking at you fidget..), but in the same breath has its moments. Overall I would rate this game an 7.5/10, and only because its a one shot wonder. So buy it on sale and enjoy!"
76561198048885839,Recommended,236090,8742592,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Holographic-Poptarts,"Easily one of the greatest action RPGs (and games overall) that I've ever played. It's a true masterpiece. The gameplay is solid and extremely fun (there's something very satisfying about being able to cause all of the enemies on screen to explode in a pillar of fire at once, which then racks up your combo counter). =3 The overall story is quite good, and worth playing just to know what happens. The graphics are beautiful, especially during rainstorms and blizzards. But what really makes this game shine is it's absolutely gorgeous soundtrack!!If you're into 2D side-scrollers, RPGs, or just good games in general, you should definitely give ""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" a shot. It's well worth it's price tag.5/5"
,Recommended,236090,8872340,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Hark,"This was an amazing action RPG with a compelling story, a fair bit of action, and an adorable sidekick. I strongly recommend it, but have only one gripe. The game is a bit short, however when you look at the fact it was made entirely by a single person, it is still rather impressive. The end leaves just enough open for a possible second, which I strongly hope the developer is working on."
76561198044253134,Recommended,236090,8960851,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Suohryu,"Well worth a play, your cheating your self if you dont give it a try."
,Recommended,236090,9313197,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Final8ty,Impressive.
,Recommended,236090,1411207,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Reckoning,"This game is effing amazing.  Other than some minor glitches, it's a piece of art with great voice acting, beautiful characters and a beautiful world, and a very pleasant soundtrack.  And what's this?  A story that actually is decent?  Holy crap, Batman!  Get on this train and ride it."
,Recommended,236090,9037887,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Entity,"Wow... All i'm going to say.This really is a game you have to experience to beleive for yourself, absolutely AMAZING storyline, characters and visuals on top of one of the most immersive combat experiences I have ever seen. I cannot get enough of it, and to think every single bit of this game bar the soundtrack was made by one guy...I am currently in the middle of a completionest run on normal difficulty and a normal run on tough difficulty to unlock the acheivement, and I maintain that this is one of the best games I have ever played. Definately worth the price tag."
76561198052932953,Recommended,236090,7401332,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Bambucha,"Хорошая игра. Интересный сюжет, забавные диалоги, симпатичные персонажи."
76561198067800775,Recommended,236090,9188844,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,willfewox,"First of all, the design of the characters in this come from beautiful, hand-drawn animation. That alone, for me, gives it a reason to exist. Dust: An Elysian Tail is a very pretty game, and has more than a few surprises to back it up. A simple but sweet story, a likeable main character, and admittedly addicting combat makes Dust a fun little gem of an Indie game. There are some super sacchrine moments that border on narm and melodrama, but it's balanced out with enough charming moments that I can forgive it.And if your only hang-up about the game is that it's a darling of the furry fandom, get over yourself."
76561198055677938,Recommended,236090,8974395,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,FizzyBits,"Amazing artwork, Great storyline, Stunning music. This game is just the best."
76561198068672305,Recommended,236090,8871860,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,「BS⑨」 「Aka-Shiro Miko」,"Absolutely brilliant. Loved the story and its depth, loved the characters and the voice acting, how they truly put themselves into their shoes and bringing out their emotions. To be honest, this game is worth more than what it costs and so is worth every penny.Recommend? Need I even say?"
,Recommended,236090,8405726,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Optimal,VERY pretty and well done game!  This one is a MUST for anyone who likes a good story and artwork!
76561198027987594,Recommended,236090,8415046,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Incursion,Simply amazing and simple to pick up 5/5!
,Recommended,236090,8405453,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Comrade Chpoke,"Theoric and variety fights. Surly Dust has just a few movments, but it's enough. And, of course, because of lots of effetcs it is difficult to see where are the foes sometimes...New abilities what player gets while plays the game to help himself to climb the inaccessible places.Anyway, the plot of the game is just great. In spit of cartoon style, this game tells touching and grim story."
,Recommended,236090,8534923,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lazyboy,Fantastic fun. I bought this for my kids but I've ended up playing it more than they have. They love it as well. Beautiful animation and fulfilling action in a very beautiful side scroller.
,Recommended,236090,8587717,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,boredzo,"Solid from beginning to end. Beautifully drawn, beautifully animated, a good story, well acted, great characters, great (often funny) dialogue, smooth gameplay. This game is well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,236090,1193465,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"I had high expectations for this game and after starting it up at least once I could confirm and justify those terms. Now that I've played through it and completed the game to it's full extent I can honestly say that it really is an enjoyable experience.I'm seriously in love with the art style and the lush aesthetics which in my opinion add a lot to the immersion.. combat which is supposed to be one of it's best qualities is astonishingly captivating and dare I say it; visceral..? Add to that the RPG elements to give this game that addictive element of progression and the lust for exploration and you would be wondering what this game could possible miss out on - because from my POV everything else is just as great to say the least (characters, voice acting and the story which I really loved).In regards to MvG, the character Fidget may very well be the only thing that could be considered a dealbreaker to some people. I for one couldn't imagine why because I think she's a charming and very lovable character but hey: not everyone is into 'cutesy' things so I suppose her voice and dialogue may rile up certain kinds of people.Anyhoo.. Great game, I'm a sucker for it. For it's full price it's already a steal because I honestly think it's worth more. ◕◡◕"
,Recommended,236090,3437649,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,SyCry,"This game is simply amazing! One of the better action platformers I've seen over the years. The combat system itself feels so fluid it makes me reminess over Rusty Hearts' Frantz' combat, from the combo system to the juggling the parrying. The combat is stunning at times and may seem simple but can become brutal in an instant if attention is not kept. And even the simple things in this game are amazing, form the small animations to every character to the fact that everyone is voice acted. Also, fidget is hilarious XD"
,Recommended,236090,7892021,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SweetestLove,"Best game to play,worth your money"
,Recommended,236090,8595641,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,code_chris,"Love this game, seriously one of my favourite games. Managed to get it for £2.99 in  a recent sale but would have been happy with the full price knowing how good this game is.I really loved the story, the combat does start to get a little repetitive later but the story is so good you just want to carry on to see it play out. I would certainly recommend getting this in a sale, but full price is perfectly reasonable too."
,Recommended,236090,8440729,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Risachu,"I'm not a fan of sidescrollers. I'm also not a fan of furries. This game has both of those things, though I can say without a doubt that it's the best purchase I've made so far on Steam.The art is beautiful, the voice acting is acceptable, the controls are solid(yes, even with a mouse and keyboard), and the gameplay is spectacular.If you missed out on this whilt it was ~$4, get it anyway. I would definitely pay full price. This game is a masterpiece, and everyone should give it a chance :)"
76561198045761364,Recommended,236090,16046971,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,JustAFunction,"For one person to make such a game is shocking and shows the love that he put in it.Pros: The combat is responsive and adds to a lot of fun which creates a simple and fun battle mechanics. The art/music is just amazing and adds to the immersion of the game. The game does pull some heavy hitting sad moments that don't always happen to in other games. The story, albiet kinda rushed, easily sucks you into the world and makes you care for characters you meet an interact with.Cons:Sometimes the VAs aren't the best. The story at the end does kinda feel rushed and might've needed to have 2 of Gaius' men for bosses to even out the pacing.All in all easily a 8.5/10 on the worst of days, which for an indie dev with only 1 guy is astonishing and I hoep to here more from him and this world he created with the other 4 blades!"
,Recommended,236090,9649119,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Phischermen,"Have no fear, this game is completly abstinent! But I think that's to be expected from a game rated E 10+!Dust is an action, platforming, RPG. The sole mechanic is the ""Dust Storm"", a special move that lets you glide through the air and attack enemies. This move assists in combat as well as platforming.The game's level design is split up so that you are platforming half the time, and the other half you are mowing down bad guys. It is unfortunate that there are only two distinct moments when you are doing both at the same time, and I would have appreciated more moments that combined combat and platforming.Many areas are blocked off at the beginning of the game until you unlock the special ability that lets bypass the specific obstacle blocking your way. These blocked off areas don't conceal anything super special, but I find a lot of joy exploring the map trying to find all the hidden chests.The story is well written and well executed, and kept me engaged the entire time. There were certain sad moments that didn't effect me that much, but the chills I got at the cutscene before the final boss made up for that! There were countless jokes thrown in along the way that made me laugh!Overall, I think the game was a pleasent expierence and I would strongly recommend it!"
76561198048753781,Recommended,236090,10941175,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ty6789288,"Great game, combat flows wonderfully, art style is stupendous."
,Recommended,236090,9555928,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,westwind429,"This is the kind of game that, as a game designer, makes me sit back and slow clap in admiration. One man did everything but the music. Seriously.The art's gorgeous, the dialogue is funny, the gameplay is tight... I can't think of a single charge to level against it other than wanting more of it. Seriously, if you have any interest in the metroidvania platformer genre at all, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,236090,8489477,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Empyrean_Chimera,"Amazing game 10/10. Loved the story, the play style, and the RPG elements. Only complaint is it wasn't long enough! Can't wait for a second instalment."
,Recommended,236090,647400,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Isinia,"One may see it as just a game made for furries. In truth, I don't see it that way. This game just goes beyond to what any other game today is. The animation is certainly amazing to see and the characters are wonderful. The story is just superb in its own way and it will surprise you many times. Thankfully the hero is not your typical type of ""saving everyone's life"" no matter what. It shows the emotion when the character fails to save a life and that is rare in a game these days. The music is sheer beauty. Maybe its because my favorite instrument is the piano but honestly its nothing short of awesomeness and will be with you till the very end. I highly recommend this game not because its a furry game, but because the story will surprise you."
,Recommended,236090,10333317,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"Strikes a perfect balance between providing the backtracking and exploration the Metroidvania genre is known for and maintaing a constant sense of knowing what you need to do. Recommended to anyone with even a passing interest in the genre.Pros:-Fantastic visual design-Great writing-Clear, yet interesting level and quest design-Tons of secrets and optional quests, many of which aren't completable when you first get to them-Impressive enemy variety prevents using the same combat tactics for too long-Voice acting for the main cast is very well doneCons:-Several minor characters are poorly acted. They're not awful, but there's a noticeable drop in quality between them and Dust/Fidget in conversation.-Although the way you approach combat has to change throughout the game, mashing left click is generally all you need from the combo system, at least on Normal.Other:-It took me about 9 hours to finish Normal with around 70% completing. Going for 100% would probably take another 4 hours, and I'd expect higher difficulties to add to that significantly.-Some of Fidget's abilities can utterly destroy the balance of the game if you go all out for them. This may not be true on higher difficulties, and it's your choice to use them in combat regardless.-I was disappointed that only one quest had a branching ending and that, (MINOR SPOILERS) (EXTRA WARNING SPACE) although the villain's dialogue is written in a tone that implied he wasn't totally evil, his actions are never justified as anything other than genocide. (END SPOILERS) I don't consider either of these a con since it's expected from this genre, but it is missed potential."
76561198044073236,Recommended,236090,8445521,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sim3/4,"This game is just awesome!The story is really good and was well told. At first you make your own assumptions, but not everything is like you thought it would be.The characters look really cute and everytime you talk to a character and he tells you something about himself, you can feel the same feelings as the person. I could really empathize with Dust and Fidget. They're such a great people/animals.The enemies were nicely drawn and not every enemy looked the same, which was very good, so that the game wasn't boring.I really like the graphics of the game. This something childish, but yet mature is something, that not everyone can do, but the developers could do this really great. The background looks so lively and everytime you make a Dust Storm (Special Attack). The background movey, as if a strong wind would be blowing.The game itself wasn't even boring and although you have to go to a few areas two or three times in a row, it didn't matter to me. I tried everything I could to reach these places or collect this chest and so on.This game gets 10/10 points and I really recommend this game to players who like Fantasy and Action/Adventures.If this review still hasn't convinced you, just try to play the game. You'll see what I meant after your first few hours."
,Recommended,236090,3436011,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,ConfusedDeer43,PLAY IT.
76561198038381807,Recommended,236090,9573551,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,KernalCrumpet,Great game
,Recommended,236090,20740434,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JoeCool,"Excellent platformer.The visuals are outstanding. Each location is gorgeous. The crafting system, while limited, is simple and wields worthwhile results.The story is entertaining with moments are sadness. The revelation of who Dust is was unexpected and creative, an outcome that worked extremely well with the story being told.The combat is simple and enjoyable, though it does grow repetitive and tiresome after a while. It's basically hack and slash your way through everything with a few special moves thrown in.The voice acting is solid, though a little over-acted at times. Fidget added a lot of humor to the story, though some people might find her high-pitched voice annoying.It's a very linear game but as you progress and gain new abilities, you are able to go back through levels and acquire treasures. The treasures aren't particularly mind-blowing, though I did get an excellent ring at the end. Most of my best items were acquired through crafting. I finished the game without 100% completing all the treasures, but never felt a need to go after them.By 7-8 hours into the game, I just wanted to finish, due to the repetitive combat. The last area or two did mix things up a bit with increasingly difficult platformer aspects.My game froze repeatedly with one glitch in the Abadis Forest. It wasn't game-breaking though would have prevented 100% completion. Other than that, the game ran excellently on my PC. XBOX wired controller for Windows worked great. Seemless switching between controller and keyboard/mouse, but I did play exclusively on controller."
,Recommended,236090,8155582,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Keidras,"Such a great game. Beautiful, well-written, good voice acting, fluid combat. Just awesome."
,Recommended,236090,9389486,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rayleigh,"The game has very fast action gameplay(combos man,CCCCOMBOS) ,some RPG elements,side quests,item crafting,and a talking sword.. yeah.Perfect 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8634063,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Oracle,"Old School gamers will love this one... It has a perfect mix of Super Metroid and Castlevania best elements. The guy who made this piece is an old school gamer for sure... We can see so many aspects of many games mixed inside ""Dust""... Everything was really well done."
,Recommended,236090,7397035,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,G.I. Crow,An amazing platformer slash-em-up that fully supports Xbox controller. Its hand-drawn animations look gorgeous. And its ENTIRELY made by Just One Guy. Astounding.
,Recommended,236090,20551056,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"First and Foremost, while there are a large amount of support staff, this game is largely the result one man's work.  Dean Dodrill did a phenominal job bringing this to life and while I'm usually not willing to give leniance to games simply because of they have a smaller dev team, I feel this game is worthy of an exception.The game is quite pretty and you can tell that Dean's first love is animation.  There is beautiful detail in a lot of the work and the environments ooze character and personality.  It's the kind of art direction that a larger studio would never really get 'right' because Dust's art is the result of a singular vision, not designed by a committee.  While the artistic front is not as polished and as jaw-dropping as say, Ori and the Blind Forest, it's definitely a strong point and again, for a single person who kinda just wanted to do animation, it's nothing short of fantastic.The combat is fluid, fair, and manages to feel pretty good.  The mechanics follow a lot of the standards that are expected in a action-combat game.  While the game feels pretty good to play, it lacks depth and has a lot of contextual actions that trade fine control for ease of combat.I bought this game because I wanted to find a 2D Devil May Cry and I learned a something playing through Dust:  DMC is hard to make.A game like DMC4 has systems are ultra tight and provide a platform for the player to do amazing things if you invest the time to learn them.  It has a skill ceiling that might as well be infinite due to the shear number of options you have as a player, and as difficulty ramps up, the game will expect you to use those options with a kind of fluency that takes hours and hours to master.  Dust does not have that kind of depth.  A lot of the combat systems aren't perfect.  Attacks in the air kind of auto-target anything close by, sacrificing player control at times when you'd rather not.  You can lock almost every enemy into an infinite loop of uninterruptable damage in a couple different ways, none of which are terribly difficult to perform.  Bosses have pretty predictable patterns that are easy to abuse and instead of fighting a dynamic fight that requires action and reaction, you are kinda stuck just doing 'the thing that works'.There are a few other problems with the systems in place.  Attacks that would kill you will leave you at 1 HP as long as you have at least 50% of the HP the attack would do.  This means, that healing past that threshold is a mistake, and that max HP is effectively worthless.  You get bonus XP based on your combo, but you can farm combo with your secondary attack from your friendly NPC and since combo isn't damage, but rather hit count, it is in your best interest to keep her damage as low as possible while you just spam a screenwide AoE, allowing you to easily push your combo to several hundred with just a handful of monsters on the screen, which translates to easy levels.  There are a lot of counterintuitive systems that are ripe for abuse.I was kinda hoping for a game with as tight of design as a modern DMC and I didn't really get that, but regardless, the game is a fine entry in it's own right.  Despite their flaws, the mechanics aren't frustrating and as long as you go into the game with the right expectations, You'll find an enjoyable experience."
76561198013389392,Recommended,236090,7437383,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Kjell,dis is awesum♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,236090,8548829,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Captain Animerica,"What to say about this game...Well for one, I had this game since last year and after finishing the first time, I will say this: this is GOLD.  I do definitely see this as class A LP material.  I mean not only is this a great game to own but the story really gets to you. The action is non-stop and the cameos are a nice touch.  It's one of those games that I can say is worth playing over again just for sake of sidequest or just feel the need to have a go at it one more time.  If you really would like a game with vibrant colors and action from start to finish and a finely tuned voice cast to fit this story, buy this game..you won't be disappointed!"
76561197991236602,Recommended,236090,13296638,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,hobo in space,"Since I see a lot of in depth reviews i will keep this one short and simple. For an Indie platformer this game is amazing.  I highly recommend this game. I even got this on sale during black friday so if you see it on sale for christmas (coming up very soon) buy this. Great story, awesome combat, 10/10. This is a must have."
,Recommended,236090,16151098,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bladesinger,"If you are an old school metroidvania fan,If you like any Castlevania from ""Symphony of the Night"" and after,If you played the hell out of ""Ys III"",Then... this game is for you.Very nicely done graphics and animation.Fabulous soundtrack.Touching story.Passionate Voice acting.and most of the work done by 1 person without crowdfunding.I need more games from you Sir Dean Dodrill"
,Recommended,236090,7907912,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mykwon,"Beautifully crafted action RPG with very fluid controls, great combos and lovely characters. Very addictive and charming, you get immersed in the game and don't stop playing. A true gem."
76561198105686840,Recommended,236090,28735188,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,deeveg,Sidescroller with beautiful artwork and a great storyline with a satisfying ending.  Kudos to the artist.
,Recommended,236090,10350803,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,MetalPeaches,"I had lots of fun exploring the scenery and finding secret areas in Dust.  More fun than I had with the actual hacking and slashing, since the fighting controls hardly go beyond button mashing.  Definitely do not discover electricity magic, and definitely do not use it with the flying combo move.  Most importantly of all, do not use this exclusively to kill everything on the screen at once...all the time.  Overall, Dust is a good game for the money."
,Recommended,236090,26188,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Matt,Buy this game now
,Recommended,236090,24429888,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Endolynn,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a wonderful experience of a Side Scrolling Hack N' Slash game, and I'm here to tell you why.The game starts off with you playing as Dust, a... furry (?) who woke up in the middle of the forests who dealt with amnesia, and is awfully confused on whom he is, and is confronted by Fidget the Nimbat, and Ahrah the Sword. You set out on a perilious journey to discover Dust's past and face all kinds of wicked monsters across the world.The game features extremely satisfying and smooth combat despite it being limited to 2D, yet, it plays so well.The game's combo system works by pressing two buttons, one for slashing, and another for extra combos. You gain new abilities, most likely to help you in enemy confrontrations when you play more of the game.The game world is absolutely lovely and beautiful to look at, as well as the scenery you come across. It is quite expansive, as you head out to new areas to explore the world.The combat can sometimes get repetitive and tiring after a while, as the fight mechanics do not change, but the game can make up for this with it's wonderful speed and fluent style of gameplay, that happens so quickly. It is very awesome.The difficulty is not in any way lacking, unless if you have mastered the combat to the extreme, as it allows you to pick which difficulty you would prefer, easy, moderate, or hard.Sent on:3:02 pmThere are many characters and side quests to tackle on if you do not want to try and finish the main game's storyline, as they give you time to explore the world for secrets, treasures, and quests to start on your own time.It features a nice quick leveling up system, that once you've gained enough experience points, you can choose a stat you'd like to improve, as it keeps the game extremely fresh and impressive.The game allows you to craft new items to your liking that has stats you'd generally prefer to have and use, such as armor, sword buffs, pendents, rings, etc.Dust An Elysian Tail may seem short to some who've played and decided to go on a quick speed-through, but it is a fun experience nevertheless and I suggest buying at full price to support the developer 100%, since a lot of love andeffort to making this game. Kudos.HOPING SEQUEL COMES OUT IN THE FUTURE! MUAAAAAAH!"
,Recommended,236090,7743481,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zee-Svk,"I lIoved the story, characters and the visual style mixed with cool hack and slash gameplay. This is an instant recommendation if you love Anime inspired metroid-vania style games."
76561198095573297,Recommended,236090,7900277,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Tavvoh,Worth every hour spent.
76561198088293869,Recommended,236090,10677881,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Filthy Casual,"You can jump on to a plane/bomber, cut it with your sword and smash it in the ground: 11/10Ok now for real.I love this game, it is in MY EYES perfect. I love the fast placed combat and the Story... yea I said it... I LIKE THE STORY. Many people say that the story is not for adults and stuff like that because how the plots and stuff are told. But I have no problem with that! may you have or you dont, thats up to ya but even if, you should get this game its just great and if a part 2 comes out I =!!!WILL!!!= buy it no matter if it would cost 60 $+ (what I dont hope :o)..... yea I guess Iam done here... now give me ma achivement Steam!"
,Recommended,236090,14060600,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Rice][Cube,A Metroidvania with furries. Whether that's good or bad is up to you to decide.
,Recommended,236090,21157092,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,phillycheese1,"Pretty standard Metroidvania type platformer. Very nice art and music. Art style may put off some, but it doesn't bother me."
,Recommended,236090,20217786,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,R0ugeY,This Game So AMainggg ♥♥
76561198050346434,Recommended,236090,21037901,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kakaduman,"Good gameplay, great artworks, good soundtrack. If you like sidescroll explorers with RPG elements, ... just buy it (even if it isnt on sale. Its definitely worth the 10 bucks).PS: 30 yrs old guy had tears in his eyes."
,Recommended,236090,20800702,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Deiniol,"This game. This goddamn game. It's fantastic. The story is an A+, the artwork is an A+, and it physically ""feels"" good to play. This game has brought a huge range of emotions out of me due to the awsome writing, and the gameplay itself, even though the concept stays the same, it never gets boring. The characters are loveable (especially fidget).All in all, this game gets a solid 9/10. Only main flaw is that it lacks replayability once the story is over."
,Recommended,236090,7437678,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Dr. Yohanson,Amazing game!My rate - 9/10
,Recommended,236090,20785917,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Krusty Krab,Furries : The 2D Hack and Slash game7/10
76561198194198654,Recommended,236090,21076310,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Capuletta,I loved this game. The story was beautiful.
76561198261802673,Recommended,236090,25561957,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,GibNutz,"Excelent Game, Great Bang For The Buck. Hope the developers make more."
,Recommended,236090,22035453,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,nightly ★,"If you haven't played this yet then I don't know why.Dust:AET is an amazing game, yet being called a 'furry game' and if you're a furry or not you should give this game a go at some point. The gameplay is similar of Castlevania and the story is great.Just give it a chance, it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,236090,23475957,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Day One,Pros:-Well written story that keeps the game alive-Easy to learn combat system which can be applied with much more combo-Astonishing 2D art graphic makes the game a lot better-Great Voice Acting (love fidget)Cons:-Still has some bugs but not really disturbing (for me)Rate: 9/10
,Recommended,236090,22153236,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Oacyst,"You swing a sword and things die.It's good, I guess."
76561197964128278,Recommended,236090,25782481,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,EvilBob,Modern take on the classic action platformer.Art good.  Gamplay tight.  Story acceptable.Great!
,Recommended,236090,23983575,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MildlyMenacingMeeM,"Get it! Now! One of the best games on the market!Gameplay is extremely good! Platforming sections are very thought out, the combat is fast-paced and tough, the combo system, while very few options, is solid with alot of follow-up combos, the AI is ok however it does have its moments (which upping the difficulty can fix) and while we are on the topic of the AI, the bosses seems easier to defeat than most of the minions (Gaius and his soldiers are a good example) which is kind of a let-down but it doesn't hurt the game too much.The story is... great! I enjoyed it. The reason why I say that is that 1. It can be summed up like this: ""You're a good guy, defeat the bad guy and bring peace to those around you while you do it."" which can be comparable to alot of RPG games. Take TES: 5 for example, similar thing there, (if you made your character a pacifist that is). ""But, mildly, why is it great then, when it's comparable to similar games?"" Well, my boy, you could come up with a very original story, but in the end it's the characters that tell the story that matters, and Dust nails that!Although the voice acting is mediocre it doesn't make it worse when the script for these actors are very thought out! The main characters (Dust, Fidget and Ahrah) sound exactly like they should. Dust, like a forgotten individual that seeks purpose, Fidget, like someone who tries his/her best for the sake of a friend and Ahrah sounds very wise and caring for Dust and Fidget.The art style, the graphics, the textures, the animations, are so BEAUTIFUL! Ive never seen a more beautiful game than this, almost nothing compares to it. It really seems like alot of deviantart artists banded together (which is further from the truth) to create these flying colours with passion and effort when they were actually created by one single person! (almost)The music! I... I have to talk about the music! Alex Brandon along with HyperDuck SoundWorks succeeds with flying colours on this part. All tracks fit well to the locations. Beautiful sceneries have epic music, the Sorrowing Meadows and the haunted mansions have music with alot of emptiness and sorrow tied to it, chase scenes (in the mansions) have an extremely scary theme that you must RUN and the final locations and boss battle gave me thoughts of not turning back, that it's now or never!To conclude this review, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a crafted masterpiece! Developed by just one passionate man which completely baffles me! The only reason not to pick this up is if you can't stand 10 hours or less of gameplay, for everyone else though, this is a required must buy - must owned. And I'm going to say this now because even in 2016 there are still people that doesn't get this. *distant shouting* JUST BECAUSE IT STARS FURRY CHARACTERS, DOES NOT MAKE IT INSTANTLY BAD! YOU COULD GIVE TWO ♥♥♥♥♥ ABOUT WHAT THE CHARACTERS LOOK LIKE IF THE CORE CONCEPT OF THE GAME IS EXECUTED CORRECTLY, AND DUST DOES THAT!MY VERDICT, FOR DUST: AN ELYSIAN TAIL IS A 9/10 AND IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT ALREADY, SHAME ON YOU!"
,Recommended,236090,26784678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kamui Shirou,"Excelente metroid vania game, a algunos puede alejarlos el diseño de personajes pero dentro del game se encuentra un gameplay entretenido y completo como para jugarlo de principio a fin buscando los coleccionables"
,Recommended,236090,24926286,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,sealclubber,"Really enjoyed this game. The mechanics are repetitive, but oh are they ever stylish. Action packed, pretty good story and great art.A+ would play again."
,Recommended,236090,28715116,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪ mackatozis | gamekit.com,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is the kind of game you can really lose yourself in.I had a blast with this game, the controls, visuals, story and the characters sure made it worthwhile.If you enjoy indie titles this is another gem to add to your library.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,27865093,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NeSWhite,One of my favourite Indie Games in 2016.It toped all my previous expectations and i loved playing it.
76561198056236167,Recommended,236090,28594289,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,E-dawg,I highly reccomendDust: An Elysian Tailbased on the following:Pros:- Platformer Nostalgia- Atmosphere/world- Precise game-play & mechanics- OK Story- Length/Duration- Content-rich- Hidden Secrets- Mystic- Price (I really think the price for this game is fair even though it might seem a bit overpriced)(Minor) Cons:- Lack of replayability when you have fully completed the game.- The order in which you obtain certain objects. (For instance annoying to find the blacksmith walkie-talkie 99% in-game).- Duration of final level. I am missing a bigger build-up for the final boss here.- A more thorough calibration between skill and difficulty progression.Btw: This review is based on me playing the game one month ago.
76561198189884046,Recommended,236090,16510937,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bartholemew21,A very satisfying game. I don't normally write reviews for anything but I loved this game. If your looking for a game to sit down to for an hour or two and really get involved in this is it. Not the longest game in the world but it is gorgeous in its presentation and story development. Add that to the rewarding combat system and this becomes a game that I plan to replay sometime.
,Recommended,236090,13550625,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"If fantasy-themed furry fanfiction were to become an indie game, Dust would be it, lol.Decent platformer with RPG elements.  Original voice acting, solid visuals, unobtrusive music, and fair gameplay make it a solid title; though the story won't exactly hook you.7/10"
76561198022611693,Recommended,236090,3431904,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,(-A-) Abel,"Holy mother of feels. I played this game almost non stop for 3 days and upon reaching the end, To avoid spoilers I will just leave it at manly tears were shed. I wish there were more games like it out there, but I'm not that lucky unfortuantly."
76561198062656829,Recommended,236090,20758032,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,JoeyWolf,I am only 6% through this game and I would not hesitate to call myself a fan of it.
,Recommended,236090,20173839,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HellBender's Silent Night,"Dust an elysian tail is a game that I can't recommend enough!Pros:*Great story*Amazing backgrounds*Amazing combat system*Loveable characters*8+ hours of gameplay*An ending to make even me cryCons:*The voice acting is sometimes ""meh""*The final cutscenes with the 3D generated guards are very out of place*Certain enemy's become very easy later in the gameWould i reccomend this to a friend?Yes! I have recommended it to most of my friends already."
,Recommended,236090,20757819,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Rudiboy,V fun would recommend go play dis
,Recommended,236090,1449718,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Owensir,Most fun I've had with a game in years. I just want to cuddle up with it in a nice cozy blanket and sleep for years with the fondness this game has evoked in me while I played it.
,Recommended,236090,20316564,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,billnopus,"What can I say that hasn't already been said a bunch of times:  Just get the damn game!!!!!  Dust is what a fun 2D platformer is all about.1)  It has a story.  It doesn't break new grounds, but most games don't.  With that said, it is told not only well, but at the right pace.  It doesn't drag, nor does it race along.  It has a well though out plot, and an ending that will stay with you.2)  It makes you explore.  It isn't the most complicated map, but it has enough visit and revisit spots to keep those of us that like to find everything happy.   There are several spots on map and moving to and fro is quick and painless.  The places themselves get progressively more difficult to initially spot where hidden treasures are, but not mean spiritied or impossible like some games I could name.3)  Voice acting.  It doesn't stand out at all and from me that is the greatest compliment.  I can't stand VA that is so over the top, or the opposite that is just so god awful that you want to turn the sound  off and read subtitles.  The VA meshes perfectly with the story.4)  Artwork.  It is a nice blend of cartoonish hand painted with effects mesh.  It is also a perfect fit for the feel of the game.5)  Combat.  Combat is easy to as hard as you wat to make it with the different combos, but definitely forgiving.  It's not meant to be a brutal test, but it offers enough of a challenge to be satisfying.6)  Fun Factor.  So many platformers have zero replayability, especially story driven ones.  You finish and move on.  I played, replayed because I missed a couple of achievements, and then played again just to enjoy.  This is a game that will stay in your library as an old friend that you will just have to re-visit every once in a while.Overall, I would say if you are looking for a hard game to challenge you this is not the one.  If you are looking for an absolute joy of an experience do not pass up this game.  I can't wait to see what's next from the dev's!!!!!  Cheers!"
76561198050363496,Recommended,236090,17974239,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ClutchTaft,"I REALLY love the art and story of this so far, it's been very good!"
,Recommended,236090,27340075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheKC,I really  loved this game and hope oneday there will be more!
76561197985233961,Recommended,236090,20316934,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lifting,"I loved this game from start to finish. They made a slash em up game with a great story and did it really well.Characters are well voice acted and the combat is very smooth. I personally like combat where you are free to move around, dodge, and outplay enemies so this was right up my alley. I enjoy the treasure hunting they place into this game as it makes you want to explore the entirety of the map and some places which you can't get to you will eventually come back later to go grab that sweet sweet loot. highly reccomend this game go buy it"
,Recommended,236090,20392275,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TypePanzer,This game was beautiful from start to end. I highly recommend this game to anyone that doesn't mind some hack and slash.
,Recommended,236090,9991445,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,tanukihat,"Do you like easy combat, a boring story, and more furries than you can shake a stick at?  Then this game is for you.  Oh and the animation is outstanding."
,Recommended,236090,14020742,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Echo Rabbit,It's a good game if you enjoy being OP and murdering everything with ease. It has a good story line and a good playthrough. Only flaw is that some side quests are very time consuming.
76561198042116707,Recommended,236090,20544941,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,snowcap333,im really enjoying this game. it gets hard at times so you have to grind a bit but its worth playing
,Recommended,236090,20587133,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TDHunter,"Dispite the animation, it such a good game, graphics, and story. Even the voice acting was perfect!"
,Recommended,236090,15150102,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Aquaserge,"This was quite an interesting little gem. If I remember correctly I first noticed it through a Steam sale or something along the lines, knowing only what the games store page previewed for me. I keep the firm belief that a great game needs a great story, and while this one is almost generic they pull it off very well. Where this game really pulls me in is in the gameplay itself. While it is quite simple and repetitive, somehow it manages to stay fresh throughout the game and performs very fluidly. The art style and voice acting need work, but even with all its faults it manages to pull them all together to make something unique and extremely fun to play. I get the feeling that if just one of these things had been off it would have caused it to crash and burn, so it goes without saying just how much of a surprise this game is!"
,Recommended,236090,17547665,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"Dust is a beautiful game. Even if platformers aren't entirely your thing I would recommend picking it up if it's on sale just to marvel at the effort and love that has gone into the creation of this title.The graphics, music and voice acting are wonderful and so far the story has me invested. A very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,236090,20053737,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Eudora~,"Forget ""for the price tag"" or ""for an indie game"", Dust: An Elysian Tail is an amazing experience which really reignited a passion for gaming that I wasn't sure if I had any more.This is not an 'artsy' game, although it does sport some of the best artistic direction that I've ever seen in a videogame, accompanied by a brilliant soundtrack. The story and characters, whilst kept behind gameplay in priority, are likeable and easy to follow. A few inconsistancies here and there, but an enjoyable experience with enough sidequests and secrets to keep you playing for 20 hours, easily.The mechanics are tight -- if you die, most of the time you're going to feel like it was your fault rather than the game cheesing you out of a death. I only played on hardcore mode, because I found the difficulty on this level was at the perfect point between challenging and tedious.One of my few gripes about the game is that the save spots could have been more considerately placed. I often found that after dying, I was re-doing tedious but simple parts of the game. The save spots should be after the tedious but simple parts, not before them. I want to re-do the part I died on, not the three screens before it (here's to you, Sorrowing Meadows).I did run into two possibly Linux-only issues, one was some sound distortion in certain areas of the game which required me to reduce the volume, and another was an issue with one of the secret rooms not displaying correctly. I e-mailed the developer about the latter issue and within an hour, had a response saying it is being looked into this week.The game's difficulty curve is brilliant, introducing new concepts and abilities as the game goes on so as not to overload the player with one of those half-hour tutorials which most of us skip. The first area is easy, and the final boss will challenge all of your mechanical abilities. I suggest starting on the highest difficulty level and working your way down if it's not enjoyable, it feels like Dust was designed to be played on hardcore.There is plenty of endgame content, as I'm finding with over 20 hours played that I still find things to do and treasures I haven't found yet. I have thoroughly enjoyed this game, and struggle to recall the last time I had this much fun playing a videogame.Thank you, Humble Hearts. I look forward to the next one."
,Recommended,236090,20095053,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Epicselus,"The game beautifuly crafted, the graphics is excellent given that it is a 2D Side Scrolling Game.The battle sequence is free flowing, it's great for people who crave for action.The story telling is superved as evident in Bastion."
,Recommended,236090,2574523,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,noemis,"Possibly one of the best games I've played so far this year; rich story, superb controls... what's most mind-blowing and inspirational of all is that this is incredibly well-polished for a game from a single-person developer"
,Recommended,236090,22988954,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Drunken,"Very Nice game, beautiful and fluid, nice gameplay and storyline !"
,Recommended,236090,8467872,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Miklitoris,Truly a fantastic game with great writing and storytelling. This side scrolling action RPG keeps you interested every step of the way with a story beyond any of my previous encounters and a combat system that seems to flow continuously making you feel like you have complete control. Really Recommend!
,Recommended,236090,30582660,Posted: 17 March,all,suck ur mum,cool beans dude.
76561197961402664,Recommended,236090,11157021,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,R-A-B,"A 2D brawler with RGG elements of character progession, loot and quests Dust: An Elysian Tail has no right to be nearly as good as it actually is. It is an excellent metroidvania style game.The graphics are slick and colourful and the animation is smooth, fast and very energetic. The only times the quality wanes in in some of the few animated cut scenes which look on par with an average flash animationGameplay wise the titular character feels very responsive, I've never felt screwed by the game, only myself. the sides quests are nothing much more than kill or fetch quests but the loot system feels effective without being useless or completely overpowered. There is also basic crafting to create your items of power from the 30 or so crafting materials that can drop from varied monsters spread out over several zones.To do everything in the game is roughly 20 hours gameplay which is not only good value for money but like portal it means the game progress at a rate that feels like your moving forward rather than killing time and you end up finishing the game long before it outstays it's welcome.The characters and style have been crafted in the same mold as the animated movie 'An American Tail' albeit with an anime twist. An odd yet comfortable creation. Unfortuantely you never get much time with many of the side characters so they can appear very 1 dimensional. the story likewise is fairly simplistic but with some nice twists in the tale to keep things fresh. What really helps though is the excellent voice acting, nothing on par with something like Bioshock or Mass Effect but more like an excellent dub of an anime, which considering the art style works very, very well. You do have a typical anime style sidekick though and it is entirely possible you could hate them, that is up to you to decide.Speaking of the sound the music track is probably the only part of the game not composed by the creator of the game, Thankfully it is likewise excellent, providing all the right moods at the right time from energetic, daramatic compositions to some tracks providing a sense of unease in a haunted house.Being a port of an Xbox Live game you will be suprised to know the port is one of the best ever. In anything. Large publishers have been royally put to shame with the amount of options a PC user can change in the settings from basic visuals and FX settings to physically putting the HUD anywhere you like on the screen. Anywhere. As an addition the animations themselves are either the best upscale from 720p I have ever seen or they went back to the original art and took higher resolution images to be used in the PC port.All in all Dust: An Elysian Tail is one mans labour of love and it really shows. As long as you don't mind the obligatory talking found in RPG's, don't hate anime, and are a fan or even curious about metroidvania games this needs to be in your collection. Don't even bother with a thumbs up or down on this review, just buy the game."
,Recommended,236090,17120181,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Grayshaw,"I played and won this game on the Xbox, so when it went on sale on Steam, it was an easy buy.- Fantastic graphics- Great story, almost brings tears at times- Good range of difficulty levels- Many fun side quests to either complete along the way or to come back to later- Combat structure makes you feel like a boss- Runs smoothly on even low performance computers- It takes about 5-10 hours to win the game, not necissarily doing all the quests and getting all the chests, but it's certainly worth playing more than once"
,Recommended,236090,21152695,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MrHost56|Fr.Filth,"After beating Chapter 1 (hardcore mode) reviewSo far, so good. And I meanreallygood. The story, admittedly, has been done before (Ex-superevilarmy soldier suddenly can't remember things because reasons and is now good guy but slowly uncovers his dark past and has to reconcile with his sins etc etc), but it isn't presented or executed (at least so far) in an incredible cliched or dull manner. It's clear that Dust, the main protagonist and player character, actually did some pretty evil stuff and assisted in the annihilation of a race (or maybe only partially). When you figure out more about Dust, you start to become wary of learning about his past, afraid of what you might uncover and realize who you are playing as.Gameplay is solid, hack-and-slash type deal with mobs of enemies coming at you once. I immediately went to hardcore mode starting out, and personally I feel like a lot of the difficulty does come simply from damage outputs from enemies being increased. I can be dancing around everyone, sawing through flocks of those flying toad dudes with dust storm, and suddenly git rekt if I get hit like once or twice (ie the insta-kill giants, but considering they're giants that makes sense). This isn't to say the enemy AI aren't smart in their own right, definitely not a bunch of bumbling idiots with aim-bot and ridiculous stats (*cough*modernfps*cough*), but it does effect my experience enough to be noted. The combos, tho,the combos. I swear I feel like a Touhou character whizzing around and throwing everyone and everything into the air and then showering the battlefield with bullets from Fidget and making Storm from the X-Men look like a South Dakota summer breaze on a Sunday in July. I am rewarded executing a long chain of combos and moves and what nots with extra experience rather than just spamming a basic or other attack. In fact, you can't even spam a single attack or any single set of attacks, because you'll git rekt. The mechanics of each move or dust storm or Fidget's bullets force you to change things up as you go along because even these super-amazing-I'm-a-♥♥♥♥ing-god move sets have their limits, even hurting yourself in some casese if not executed properly. Skill is needed to cut through literal armies of monster mooks.Speaking of the enemies, the design is repititive but at the same time varied. In the first chapter, you'll see the same monsters from the beginning continuously re-appear throughout to the end, while others are still added as you go along. However, very rarely did I see more than two of the same looking hairless-club-wielding-dog-thing, each enemy type has several skins to change around and add some color to what would otherwise be a boring homogeneous legion. Even futher, the basic design and look of each enemy is pleasant to look at in itself. They're colorful and full of little details that give the mooks some character of their own. I even found myself feeling a little sorry for them, wondering if they had hopes and dreams of their own, but I guess that's just my traumatization from Undertale talking.The final boss of chapter one definitely threw the plot for a loop. At first I thought ""oh no super cliche warlord guy rallying usually non-threatening army of mountain monsters into a full-fledged and organized assault where HAVEN'T I seen this before"", which is still technically true even after defeating him and listening to his dialogue. Butholy♥♥♥♥♥♥/i] did I feel like a god damn prick when his backstory was revealed and suddenly things are going from happy-go-lucky fantasty monster slaying to ""oh my god what am I doing I'm a monster"". Something that did definitely irk me after the boss fight however was the fact that you still go about slaying the monsters, which Fidget even speaks up about wondering if they should continue slaughtering them.Voice acting is alittlecringy at times, and that's nothing from the actual voices but from the lines themselves, tho I am an anti-social prick that rarely has a decent face-to-face conversation in real life so I probably wouldn't know. However I will not lie in saying anyone can tell the budget wasn't exactly sky-high when listening.The friendly characters are nice to chat with, that's for certain. No one's overly annoying or obviously a rip-off of some other character from another game to serve the same purpose. I really like the travelling merchant guy and his mysterious appearance, can't tell what sort of anthropomorphic animal he is. However I distinctly remember wanting to close off every conversation with the merchent in Aurora village as quickly as possible.Finally, a comment on the anthropomorphism. At first glance of this game I thought the only reason it had an overwhelmingly positive response was because only furries were looking at it and only praising it because anthro (which I would like to say really quickly that I don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥if you're a furry, I just call out circle-jerking when I see it). However I was slapped across the face with wrong when I realize it's more of a Disney-esque anthro thing going on, rather than just ""because anthro"". The designs of the characters are cartoony and simple, I can tell only just enough time was spent on them to be aesthetically pleasing and not overly elaborate with human-animal mixture stuff.That being said, I'm still carving my way through chapter 2, and will post my review for that probably maybe idk. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,236090,10422360,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ageless Stranger,"I really enjoyed Dust. The story is great and the combact is really intuitive. From the outside it may seem kind of cartooney, though that doesn't take away from the game at all. Would recommend for any solo player."
,Recommended,236090,21287280,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kaigunfir,A very fun and hilarious ride that can be enjoyed by anyone remotely interested in video games.
,Recommended,236090,21307467,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blu3Pho3nix,10/10 Would play again
76561198048281077,Recommended,236090,9264054,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sildanian,great game. love the art and the music.
,Recommended,236090,4757345,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Toxsie,Ein sehr schönes Spiel der kauf hat sich auf jedenfall gelohnt :D
,Recommended,236090,8277737,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ahri,"Played this game and have loved it ever since i got it...if you even slightly liked Muramasa, You will love this game."
,Recommended,236090,3766107,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Str8 Flexin,"Great gameplay, graphics, soundtrack, and voice acting all while having a pretty good storyline and awesome boss fights. 8/10"
,Recommended,236090,7189401,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,joeybelmont,just amazing!
76561198011709987,Recommended,236090,14430349,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Darthpeanut/Blackhorn,"Not really my favourite style of game, but an enjoyable platformer nonetheless"
76561198043724258,Recommended,236090,9335139,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,BarryQ,"Its a fun rpg with alot of sidequests to do.  Very nice art style but the main protagonist is decked out in cyan and that starts to have an effect after awhile.  I mean cyan is an ugly color for a fighter, right?  Other than that, this game kewl! get it"
,Recommended,236090,7319019,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Zato,"It is a beautiful game, amazing art style, remarkable character voices, great and satisfying combat, I would give it a rating of 9.5/10 the only problem i have with it is that it is a bit easy on everything but the highest difficulty."
,Recommended,236090,14786519,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Wahots,"I just completed the game. I cannot close my jaw yet, the end is incredible. This is one of a handful that I'd recommend as a Must-buy.Art: 11/10 (make sure that you change the graphical quality to high, it is set to SD automatically.) This game is hand drawn and futureproof.Music: 11/10. Hyperduck soundworks outdid themselves this time. So good, i bought the album and and listening to it as i type this.Voice acting: 9.7/10  even compared to other games, the sound quality is crystal clear, but the voice actors convey emotion well. Good matches for their characters.Story: 10/10. Starts out Cliché, but this is where commonness ends. Some great storyline plot twists. Nearly left me misty eyed at the end. I'm going to wipe my game and give myself amnesia so i can enjoy the entire story again.I really hope that a sequel is made, this indie dev is incredibly good!"
,Recommended,236090,9213001,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"one word ""WOW"""
,Recommended,236090,4137638,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,[WG] Ryoushi [EVOS],"only been playing  about 30 minutes,,, i really enjoy it...good story,,,characters are good,, feels decent...not sure on replay..cause i just got it"
76561198138569077,Recommended,236090,33134777,Posted: 2 July,all,Anna,wonderful and gorgeous game. game mechanics are good and the story may be somewhat short compared to other games but is interesting and will keep you engaged
,Recommended,236090,27575198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ItsGrr,Artwork and story were so well done I nearly cried at the end. Definately 10/10 in my book.
,Recommended,236090,10223215,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,StickyHamster,"My apology for not writing a review for this amazing game in the past, for some reason it escaped me.I just noticed the game is on sale 5/24/2014 and I STRONGLY recommend it even at full price.JUMP on this now, if you already haven't been blessed by getting to own and play this spectacular experience.It pulls off amazing combat with cool abilities to string attacks together, you'll feel like you are flying through the air a.k.a. ""Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon"" combat style...and while this happens you will enjoy beautiful music and graphics that are top notch...imagine Disney/Pixar quality in the best way.Some people will tell you that this is an Xbox port but I believe that the author has stated that this game was originally written  on the PC.I personally prefer to use a controller to play but it works with mouse and keyboard.There is a lot to this game and you can go back and discover things that your character wasn't previously powerful enough to handle.  Combat is so fun repeating some areas does NOT feel grindy or boring at all.Its hard to say that this is ""the best platformer on the pc"" because its so much more than just a platformer.  You really need to experience the amazing and fluid brawler/combat...Although button mashing will get you a little ways, you really need to have finesse when you play.Adorable characters, amazing story...I hate to give things a numerical rating but in this case I'll give it 99 out of 100.  There is a LOT to this game and plenty of gameplay...the only reason I didn't give it 100 is I don't know if there will ever be that absolutely perfect game but this one is a razor's edge close to it.Once again--do yourself the favor of buying this game.  Encourage the developer to bring us more fantastic games.Not sure on this:  This game was somehow written by ONE person (and I believe he hired people to do voiceovers and music) but not certain.<3 Dust An Elysian Tail <3"
,Recommended,236090,9407085,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mathuin,"This is one of the rare games I've purchased through the Humble Bundle that I would have been happy to have bought at full price.  At first it feels like a child's game, but there's enough to the game for adults to enjoy.  I wasn't very good at remembering all the intricate attack patterns, but that wasn't necessary for me to beat the game on the normal level.  There were a few points where I had to check online to solve a couple of particularly frustrating quests (freaking sheep!) but other than that I was able to earn 25 of the 30 achievements on my first run through.  I will play it again, and not just to get the remaining achievements. :-)"
76561198066718796,Recommended,236090,6455639,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Horse Boy,"JEEZ! This game is worth getting!This port for the game is over the top, having been made by a guy who is a PC gamer himself it's worth your time!"
,Recommended,236090,15324612,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WinderBeast,"The feels in this games is too strong, the main character sticks with you even after a few years or so."
76561198115908156,Recommended,236090,27845812,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chromatose,i loved this game so much and really wish there was a second so i could play through it
76561198147809696,Recommended,236090,27793631,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,O_o,Dev is a lowkey furry.
,Recommended,236090,26195294,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Caedus The Sergal,"Played the whole game in one big sitting nonstop only took a few breaks. It was a lovely beautiful game, with a touching story that kept pulling me more and more into the char i was playing as. Dust: An Elysian Tail is a game I Recomend. Made by a single person the love and attention they put into this amazing game shows!"
,Recommended,236090,22053074,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ramizini,Cute and awesome game
,Recommended,236090,25976632,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ArmorBones,"Dust:aet is a game I'd recommend to anyone. I went into this game completely blind,  I friend if mine loves it and I thought I'd give it and in the first 2 minutes I was ♥♥♥♥ing hooked.♥♥♥♥♥♥I haven't had a game that made me want to keep playing in so long on the night before I beat the game ""oh its 10pm its alright"" look at clock when game is over wiping the tears ""♥♥♥♥ its 6am"" anyways I haven't had a good game in a long time or make me cry since gears of war 3. And now I need more give me more I needs it. Story is amazing,  gives u the feels, great music, badass gameplay, side quests actually feel rewarding besides like one. It's an epic game pick it up already.  Now I'm gonna do a hardcore play through."
,Recommended,236090,28745540,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zephyr,"FInished the game 5 minutes ago, tears still on my face, 10/10In all seriousness, this is the most beautiful game I've ever played, the fact that it was for the most part made by one person just makes it better as well. knowing that the world you play in was drawn by the same person who coded the game just sets it apart form anything I've ever played, most games have so many people working on them and thus the original idea for the game is for the most part lost, but Dust: An Elysian Tail is the product of just one person's imagniation, and a very talented person at that. Getting it for $3 felt like stealing if I'm going to be honest.World:The game has a variety of Different enviroments and areas to play in, all carefully painted and seamlessly put into a playable game world. Each area has a different atmosphere, the forests feel beautiful and peaceful, mountains feel like a winter wonderland, and the lava area feels like the end of the world. while areas can be repetitive, they don't make you feel any less immersed in the world. I actually felt like I was in an endless pit when I was exploring the caverns below the village, and felt like I was in a deserted infected wasteland when I was in the sorrowing meadow. sometimes I just have to stop and look around at the drawn world around me and take in the beauty and effort that went into it.9/10Characters:All the characters are perfectly designed, you won't find two similar characters in this game. You have Dust, a, initially clueless warrior who must rediscover his past. Fidget, a cheerful and happy companion who has very cute voice lines and comments. and you have Ahrah, a talking sword who guides Dust and Fidget through their journey. these are the main characters, and they fit together perfectly in the story. There are many other characters with their own personalities like Ginger, who has a gloomy feeling through the game (you'll have to play to find out why). none of the characters feel repetitive and boring, and if there is a character you don't like, you're probably intended to not like them. all in all, each character feels unique and thought out. The game shows emotion in it's characters so much that I cried twice during the story, and I've never cried over a movie or video game before. not afraid to admit it either. There's also some amazing art of the world and characters that fans have drawn. just turn on google safe search, wouldn't want to get yiff'd, would you?10/10Combat:(I was playing on tough difficulty)Combat in the game is awesome, (though a bit easy to be honest). you feel like a badass flying through the sky pulling off 500 or 998 hit combos (I only needed 2 more ; __ ;) and trying to keep every enemy stunlocked while in the air feels rewarding. I'm more experienced in third and first person shooters, so I don't have much to say about the game's combat. While it did feel easy, the consequences of getting hit (when you actually do) are huge, having half your health for the next 5 or 6 fights with no health items can put you on the edge.The only thing I'd change about the fighting would be to put more health regen and making every fight start with full health, but in turn make every fight much much harder. it seemed to me that I was still felling the effects of getting hit once or twice a few fights back, even as I progressed forwards and I often felt ""screwed' in a sense. 1 health, 0 comsumables and still a ways to go (this does make me feel genuine adrenaline whien I'm surrouded with that one health, a huge plus). The combat felt very good even when a ton was happening on the screen, enemies stunned in the air, fidget projectiles everywhere, dust flying through the air and the game still ran smoothly.8/10Muisc / sound / voice acting:I booted up the game and had no info on the characters, story, world or any aspect of the game, and the main menu music still had me feeling moody already. I was interested in the game's characters and story before it even started. the world music is also amazing, they really set the stage for the game extremenly well. the one thing I hate about some games is how the music tries to force emotion, but in this game the music goes with it instead. the gorgeous art and the stuning sound went perfectly together and created a world anyone can be immersed in, the soundtrack is probably the only music from any game I'd listen to outside that game, and the emotions I felt while playing the game are already associated with the music in my mind, making the tracks sound that much better. whenever something sad happened in the game, the piano always made me want to tear up, and I did twice. The sound effects are amazing as well, my sword felt heavy while swinging it through the air, deep whoosh sounds and high pitched wind sounds went together perfectly, and pulling off 200 hits in a few seconds also sounded amazing and satisfying. the deep bass sweeps when hitting an explosive wall or parrying an attack also sounded great on my subwoofers, and it added a bit of unique sound needed amongst the mess of sword strikes and explosions. The voice acting was also amazing, a bit exaggerated at times but where emotion was needed, it was delivered. little to none of the voice acting felt fake or pushed, and each character sounded different, adding to their personality. my favorite voice had to be dust's, he was able to sound relaxed, serious, and devastated at different times through the story. amazing work here10/10Story:The story is fairly simple, a warrior dressed in cyan wakes up in the middle of a forest with no memory of who he is and travels with a foxy companion to discover his past and save the world (TwoKinds anyone?). The story was good, but the characters are really where the game stands out. That's not to say the game's story is bad, but the other aspects of the game hold it to such a high standard that I'll probably remember the world and the characters more than the storyline itself. though the story does take an interesting twist later on. not much here, don't want to spoil8/10Animation:Diolouge Animation -The talking animation takes a style I have't seen in too many games before, the characters in dialougue scenes look like images being subtly scaled up and down, It's not a bad thing but It is very simple.8/10Combat Animation -The combat animation was awesome to me, I play my games at 60 fps but I had no problem in combat where the animations for dust only play at 24 or so fps. The reason being each frame in the animation is a drawing, a piece of art that I can look at. every once in a while when the combat gets easy I start focusing on Dust and I notice amazingly drawn frames of him, even in the heat of battle.9/10Cutscene animation:No spoilers, but there are two Anime style cutscenes in the game, and they blew my mind. they took the focus away from the combat for a moment and focused on the art of the characters, and the story of the game, and they could not have been placed in at better times. I won't spoil anything but they take place at perhaps the two most cruical parts of the story. I know it probably won't happen, but an anime of this game would be amazing, if it were done in the style of the cutscenes already in the game. one of my favorite parts of the game here10/10Glitches:My game only crashed once. Other than that the game ran perfectly even in the heat of battle with many projectiles and things flying everywhere. The closest thing to a glitch I could find was animation cancelling duck attacks and being able to chain them together as fast as you could click, but it left your back open and wasn't viable in higher level combat. There was also a glitch which made fidget 5 times her size, which was hilarious, but it reverted when I went to a new area.9/10, nothing problematic here.Overall 10/10, amazing game that I would reccomend to anyone, even if the furry art style is a turn off for you"
,Recommended,236090,27037322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shohq|www.twitch.tv/shohq,A wonderfully crafted Metroidvania style collect-a-thon with plenty of challanging combat on higher difficulties. The story being one of self discovery and the journey of a saviour for a war torn land with plenty of twists and turns to leave you with questions that are slowly answered over the course of the game. Having played this game a lot on the xbox 360 I had to buy the steam version to support the developer of this little gem in the Metroidvania game genre.
76561198110598848,Recommended,236090,27099518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AlReev,"Even if you're not a furfag, I still recommend this game.Fluid controls, great art, and a pretty solid game. Made by a single person."
,Recommended,236090,26774439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jermaine,buy it
,Recommended,236090,26879420,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Datlossit,"Note: This is my first ever time writing a proper review, may also contain spoilers.One of the best action-adventure metroidvania games i've played, with no regrets to buying this. This review comes from me 100%ing the game on the highest difficulty.First off, the good:The graphics:The graphics and art is absolutely gorgeous, on top with causing no issues where you can and cannot go. Sometimes you just wanna stand there and look into the amazing view of the Elysian Tail world.The gameplay is very solid:Using a mix of platforming, RPG elements along with combo style free for all melee combat, it's a very enjoyable experience. Some enemies prove quite a challenge to defeat.Amazing story with a great twist:At first it seems your standard ""Hero lost his memories and must recover them"" story, but it is way deeper than that. The game has it's fair share of funny, heartwarming and tearjerking moments.Very colorful and enjoyable cast of characters:Pretty much the entire cast is lovable including the tag-along sidekick, but it does have it's fair share of some you just outright hate for one reason or another.Incredible OST:Words cannot describe it! Every single track is really good, especially the boss themes.Now let's move on to the bad:Difficulty spikes in some areas:Not really that noticeable on lower difficulties, but the game gets a little bit too difficult by the time you reachThe Sorrowing Meadow.The cave sections ofBlackmoor Mountainscan also be pretty frustrating.Too easy unless you play on the highest difficulty:This is probably the game's weakest aspect unless you play on Hardcore, most of the very tough enemies are located in the final area. Plus, a certain move you get in the first area you start in called Dust Storm is a massive Game Breaker, you can plow through the entire game spamming it.Despite the mentioned flaws, overallDust: An Elysian Tailfrom my prospective is a must have for any Steam user. Most of the game was made by just one single person!"
76561198038107634,Recommended,236090,7369336,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Vø§§Ķ,A beautiful game that has a great story to go with. Without a doubt one of the best 2D sidescrollers I have ever played.
,Recommended,236090,3383745,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Billy Rosewood,"Oh man, what a surprise this game is. Mixing the best elements of a Metroidvania game and a Beat'em all with huge combos, this little indie game is a demonstration of what makes a game good and fun. Quests, sidequests, loot, freedom and cool animation and colors are the strong points of Dust : An Elysian Tail, and the execution is flawless.One only complain I might have would be the art style and character design which I hate and is kinda less impressive than anything else. If you hate furry, you're not going to have a great time looking at the characters in the conversation cutscenes. But the game is really good and once you pass that weird look, you're going to have a blast making 500 hits combos and searching for the secrets and friendly cameos hidden in all levels.Definitely a game to try if you like 2D action platforming adventure with Metroid like elements and a good ten hour of gameplay, you're going to love this fantastic one man made game. I have spend about 18 hours and I'm almost in the end, having done everything I could so far, still having a few secrets left in some levels, and a couple of sidequests. Definitely worth a try at any price."
76561198071585322,Recommended,236090,22291178,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LeftourHard #2NaCl-ty,It is one of the best games I have ever played in the last few years. it is trully spectacular.Prons- Beautiful Story-Beautiful world-Funny and loveable characters-fidget-One of my favourite fighting and combo system-satisfacting endingConsI don t really have any complaints... I just found the voice acting sometimes little cheapMy final verdict its 9.5/10
76561197985650673,Recommended,236090,20212227,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,McJesus,"Pretty average game, your enjoyment will vary a bit depending on how much you appreciate the art and the uh... particular brand of character style. I did, so I had a decent enough time, even with the occasionally shaky dialogue/voice acting, among other issues. The combat is terribly shallow -- don't expect anything even close to DMC or its derivatives here. But it still manages to be a little fun. The music is good; there are some highlights, and it fits the overall feeling of the game.I have no clue why the average reviews are Overwhelmingly Positive on this (as of this writing); it's alright, but really nothing amazing. It's worth a look for the art and style, but you may not be terribly impressed with anything else it offers. I have a hunch that the reviews are skewed by a certain subset of people..."
,Recommended,236090,8099865,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,EklectiC,"By far one of the best indie games I've played.  If you enjoy games such as Shadow Complex, Castlevania: SOTN, and Super Metroid, then there should be no reason why you can't get into this game.There are multiple difficulty levels and the blueprint, item, equipment, and consumable system is rather nicely implemented.  The difficulty can be challenging at times but in a nice way.  It doesn't drive you to frustration like veteran mode in Call of Duty, where you're getting shot at from thin air.I love the art style and music in this game also, and it is worth noting that it runs and looks very good.  The aspect of running up combos and managing your chains in-between avoiding enemies and not exhausting yourself is very nice.Definitely recommend this game to basically anyone, especially if it is on sale, however, the regular price is very fair."
,Recommended,236090,284999,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Ausdrake,"A beautiful game, gorgeous artwork, a decent fully voiced story, the character control feels great and is extremely precise, fantastic music and one of the best PC ports out there. Do yourself a favor and pick up this work of art."
76561198061881396,Recommended,236090,27656732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DieHoffnung,Surprisingly good game. Beautiful graphic and amazing gameplay with a controller.Great fun for little money :)
,Recommended,236090,32831592,Posted: 26 June,all,Tenthadorn,"This game was wonderful to play. I enjoyed every minute of it. It is beautiful, it has references, the voice actors (including Xander Mobus, Takahata101, GeneralIvan) all worked very hard on this and made it great.The only problem I had with it was how... forgettable it is. I forgot 8/10ths of this game only a month afterwards, but replayability is not a strong suit here. When I pick it up again, I instantly remember a lot of it, which unfortunatelly discourages me from playing any more of it.That's my only beef though. Replayability isn't so hot, but the rest of it is."
,Recommended,236090,25555696,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pantera Północy,"Good platforming elements, a bit predictable story (but not that much; I knew Gaius will be the final enemy and Dust... well, no spoilers, but - some elements on the way there were surprising), ingame challenge zones, a bit of humour here and there (that doll and the drawing... :P), nicely written dialogues and pleasant voice acting. Also cute touches, like the fact that every single time you open map screen you're in fact sitting near the campfire at night, planning the route, and usually Fidget will be eating marshmallows right next to you... if you lift your head from over the paper. One of the best music themes, in my opinion, could be find there as well.It could be a bit longer in my opinion, the fights could be a bit more challenging in endgame (an option for level scaling for enemies maybe?), because everything you need to do at the end is dust storm everyone to the Maker's place, but... it's still a really impressive piece of entertainment. Especially if you realize, that it was created with very few people.I'll wait for the sequel now."
,Recommended,236090,1373279,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Krida,"Bought it when it was on sale, and just finished it.  It is a amazing game.Great story that made me wish there was more, and the gameplay is kinda of a hack & slash mixed with a metroid like game.  (where you can only do so much until you find a new ability later in the game)Also the backgrounds, characters, and overall artwork looks great.Finished normal mode in 15 hours. (getting 100% of treasures and exploration)This game needs a sequel!"
,Recommended,236090,18419361,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rhistos,"This is actually my first analysis and it's very understandable why I'm taking this step.This game is AWESOME!! If you are considering to buy it, then JUST DO IT!!The story, mechanics, sound track, voicing... everything is amazing!This is the first game that totally deserves the time I spent writing this!"
,Recommended,236090,20282869,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Avaritia,"A stunning masterpiece, a truly magnificent experience.You see, when I first saw this game I had just finished Ori and the Blind Forest so my expectations were a bit high I'm not going to lie but saying that I was blown out of the water is an understatment. This game excels in every aspect from rich atmosphere, immersive gameplay, heavy and well executed story telling, absolute stunning soundtrack and loveable characters that you can't not expect to fall in love with.The story follows Dust, a warrior who lost his memories. He wakes up in a beautiful forest there he finds the knowledgable sword Ahrah and the adorable Fidget. The 3 of them set off on a journey to the memories of Dust's past and uncover some of the dark secrets behind said past, while also helping people along the way.The way the story is executed is spectacular, it all starts seemingly simple but it all wraps up nicely at the end. On the way we meet many diverse and unique characters which all add flavor to the mix.Combat is amazing, not once did I find it clunky or boring, just pure hack n slash through hordes with diverse weapons and combinations while maintaining a low level of strategy involved.Art and Soundtrack are off the charts, the visuals never felt like a reskin of previous areas and each monster was different in its own way, Soundtrack is rich and immersive and really sets the tone for the adventures you'll face ahead of you.I'll give this game a well deserved 10/10, while short it was a really beautiful experience and a game that I will treasure in my game library. Absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,236090,6544935,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Dirty Laundry,I suspect this is a breeding ground for furry fanfiction.
76561198040855634,Recommended,236090,4695555,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,el Tron,"What a treat for us non-360-owning gamers for this gem to finally hit Steam! If you even remotely enjoy the ""Metroidvania"" formula, Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the absolute best of this style of game to be created since Symphony of the Night. With beautiful art design, some of the tightest combat to ever appear in a 2D side scrolling game, and an RPG upgrade system that you can feel as you play, this game is pure gaming awesomeness all across the board. To think that it was programed by one man is astounding. This is a special game. Don't miss out!"
76561198054346522,Recommended,236090,13652766,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shrek slam,"One of the most impressive and best games I've played. I came into this game will minimal knowlegde of what it was and this game was quite the surprise. The gameplay was very fun with the whole hack and slash system in a 2-D plane and being able to use different moves and combos to fight. At first you could think that the combat was basically just button mashing but the enemies get stronger and learn to block and you have to adapt to their new fighting styles. Definitely a part that I can't leave out is the story, the story is so well written that even the character that most people find annoying in the beginning becomes funny and a character that you came sympathize with.  Also the villians are not only badass but sad in some cases as well which explains why they do what they are doing. The main character in general becomes very in depth with how he feels and who he is. This game is definitely worth the price it's worth."
76561197984162267,Recommended,236090,14202718,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,OhDatBrute,"Fun game, lot of action"
,Recommended,236090,11962352,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Johnny Demented,"A MasterpieceA Wonderful Mashup of RPG, Action and platforming All excellently Done With a great story to boot. Epic Final Boss Fight and just plain fun. No wonder I played through it 3 times Now2 Thumbs Up"
,Recommended,236090,11901479,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Yacob1455,"This game is amazing, this is one of the best beat em up platformers i have ever played, the hand-painted graphics are absolutly gorgeous, from me Dust An Elysian Tail gets a 10 out of 10"
76561197988486507,Recommended,236090,10222255,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DanTe-Sensei,"Awseome, great combos and good story"
76561197974549844,Recommended,236090,12529239,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FulhamTarheel,"A surprisingly good Metroidvania clone.  Beautiful 2D graphics, a great soundtrack.  The only real con is the so-so voice acting and the sorta-creepy furrie vibe.  Other than that, it's quite enjoyable!  A definite buy when it's on sale or in a bundle."
,Recommended,236090,10871026,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Noobou, dei Rage","Amazing graphics, excellent soundtrack, excellent gameplay, and engaging plot.This game surprised me, 10/10"
76561198030882287,Recommended,236090,14898015,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,outsidespace,"Beautiful platformer,just looks great.Controls are fluid and easy to know.this is the vision of Dean Dodrill,one guy who makes this game and becomes well known.You are Dust ,hero who saves the day.Play this :)"
,Recommended,236090,13778746,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cyril,"This game is really good, I had no expectations when I first played it, and it completely blew me away. Amazing music, really smooth gameplay and beautiful art! This game also has some of the best secrets in any game I've ever played. I never got stuck on any of them, since the game gives you clear, understandable hints if you bother to read them! If you can get past Fidget, and some of the voice acting... You can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,236090,16241615,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,JoshuaTheJoker,"Amazing game! Spent almost 12 hours beating the game, and I didnt even finish all the tasks and beat all the quests-.-. The one thing I am amazed at is that  only one person made this!"
,Recommended,236090,19317836,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,an actual jackal,This is what would happen if the furry side of DeviantArt made a hack-n-slash 2D RPG with decent graphics and anime-style fighting.
,Recommended,236090,8414846,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AdamDarkLordJONES,Super dope bro's
,Recommended,236090,10646953,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Runi,oh my god it's amazing 253167967896789/1010010010100001101110010011010010110010101100100
,Recommended,236090,10047157,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,RoxieSox,Its a game full of dirty furries and it reminds me of deviant art a bit. Swinging the sword is fun tho.
,Recommended,236090,10883119,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rob J,"I hesitated to make this review at first because i would never in a thousand years be able to tell you how great this game is in a review. But i want to tell anyone and everyone who is considering buying this game, BUY IT! There is NO reason for you not to buy this game, everything about the game is just prefect, from the amazing artwork to the amazing soundtrack and story. I think this is probably one of the, if not the best game i have ever played and will ever play and i really hope the creator is going to make a second game. So stop thinking about it, just buy it!"
,Recommended,236090,10454583,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Skysagi,"Excelent Indie game. If you like 2D Platformer RPGs, I suggest you to play Dust: An Elysian Tail.The difficulty is fair, you have enough time to learn how to play the game, the gameplay is really good, there are absolutely no Glitches, all the charactes are memorable, these hand drawn graphics are just beautiful, the storyline is really good and I must say this: Fidget is a special character in this game. She is the one that will make this game funnier even in those hard situations.If you have already played this game, you probably agree with me about what I said. But if you haven't played this game yet, I suggest you to go and buy it right now."
,Recommended,236090,29794458,Posted: 8 February,all,Reise,"Pretty fun Metroidvania-esque game with stunning visuals, as well as beautiful music and SFX.I found the story to be very interesting and the game presented a fair challenge on the second highest difficulty.Besides some of the characters breaking the fourth wall on every other interaction, the dialogue isn't awful to say the least.. xDThere's a lot of stuff to collect, and as such the game kept me entertained for a fair few hours.Definitely enjoyed my experience so far and the time I've spent with the game."
,Recommended,236090,13044335,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,VanillaSkunk,"This is a very beautiful furry anime game!  The landscapes are absolutely stellar!  The soundtrack is very well done!  The controls are very easy to learn, and there is sooo much to do in this game.Kind of a sad ending though.  Makes you doubt there will be a sequal.And Fidgit's sense of humour...  Man.  You'd swear you took a modern day sarcastic school girl and threw her into the midieval era.""Have you seen the screen?  He's all whoodowooshowoosh.""  XD"
76561198065411029,Recommended,236090,15687870,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ReidarsOfTheLostArk,"Metroidvania done right, and an AMAZING soundtrack. The comabt may be a bit repetative, but it feels really good."
,Recommended,236090,10992449,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheDapperVelociraptor,"I absolutely cannot say enough about this game. You become immersed in the alluring hand-painted environment, not to mention the excellent storyline. Of course it's also easy to get lost in Fidget's cuteness :fhappy: =^_^="
76561198050150992,Recommended,236090,11386319,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FieryCandy,"Fun/Interesting story, Great Sound track, Hand drawn art, Fun Gameplay, Voice acting, Funny sidekick. What else could you want.STORY-  *without spoilers* The story follows the main character Dust on his to quest to find his identity. Kept me on my seat trying to unravel the mystery.SOUNDTRACK- All 37 tracks are well done and great at capturing the feel of the game. I havent liked a soundtrack this much since to the moon. Most  of the time id rather have a good soundtrack then good graphics.GRAPHICS- This game is truely gorgeous. Its hand-painted and it moves very well. Its very easy to forget its hand drawn.GAMEPLAY- Just so you know i used a controller. I feel the game was made to work with one since it was origanaly a xbox live game. The fights make you feel like a Bad A**.  So many Slashes, and explosions its sometims hard to see what happened untill the Dust settles (See What I Did There) or as Fidget says ""DID YOU SEE THE SCREEN""VOICE ACTING- Some people say the voice acting is not to good. I really liked the voices expetaly Fidgets voice and Dusts voice is good at capturing his lost feeling. Its awesome that it even has voices, i somtimes get tired of reading text after awhile.  So dont think the voice acting is bad till you hear it.Must play, That is unless you dont care for Storylines and only like 3D games like Call of Duty."
,Recommended,236090,15590719,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Beesem,"Very fun and colorful beat-em-up platformer. The story was interesting enough, and the length was perfect. I finished in just under 10 hours, just as I was starting to feel done with the game."
,Recommended,236090,10264950,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sacklustersoldier,"An otherwise perfect platformer. The jump is coded well, combat is fluid. Gameplay gets incredibly stale during late-game. For a Metroidvania, the backtracking aspect doesn't pay off so well. I paid less than 5 dollars for my copy and it was well worth it. The story isn't that great for adults and the character designs are predictable. The visuals and soundtrack make up for everything, though."
76561198077914441,Recommended,236090,14815986,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ze,"Amazing game, great art style and great musicThe game has a solid if not really well done story that takes roughly 15 hours to complete I'd say, maybe less if you're not as terrible as meHeaps of sidequests to try and do after you''ve finished the story and some intense PvP arena sort of thingswould play again 9.6/10"
76561197990505329,Recommended,236090,8416917,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zuverre,"This game ended up being way longer than I thought it was going to be. The combo system could have been a little more fleshed out in some way, but it was still a very enjoyable game. The movement and controls were fantastic, and the story ended up being better than I expected as well. The enemies left a bit to be desired before the end, but it was still pretty fun."
,Recommended,236090,8583685,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Onemurdoc,Great game. Had fun playing it. An old school rpg side scroller. Only if it lasted a bit longer...
76561198052716059,Recommended,236090,8571997,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fat Orange Cat,"Definetely recommend this game! Worth every cent! Combat is amazingly fun and you can pull off some wicked moves. If you follow the storyline, you'll enjoy the game 100% guaranteed! It almost makes you feel part of the game and as if you're in the shoes of the main character. And theres also a few hilarious one-liners in the dialogue :P I played on 'Normal' first time around and by the end of it, it was quite easy so I think I'll bump it up to 'Tough' or 'Hardcore' mode next time :)"
,Recommended,236090,7817542,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ahravi the waff,"I can't really say enough good things about this game, especially considering it was only on Xbox Live Arcade for a while. The port of this game is fantastic in terms of optimization and options.But everything else about the game is amazing too, the animations are very fluid and the art is beautiful. The music and voice acting is quite nice (inb4 Fidget is annoying, I think it's adorable)The game has a decent playtime, especially if you go back to collect everything in an area once you unlock any things you need.Love all the game references as well, wall chicken anyone?I guess people could complain about the furries in it/ anthropomorpic animals, but there's no sexual content, it's just cute animal peoples. Maybe being a furry, I'm biased, but humans humans humans, maybe an orc or elf, and more humans in all games out there kinda gets old anyway. Having animal people isn't a bad thing, I find myself not even noticing it at times, everything just goes so well together.Pick this game up nao, even if you end up hating it, there are a lot worse games out there for the same price or more."
,Recommended,236090,8136793,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,THEPANZERTANK,"Lets just say, i started to play Dust: An Elysain Tail around 6pm, and its 3am now and just stop, because i cant keep my eye open anymore. The game is super addictive, from stat to end. Great story, fun game play, good scaling, and great art stile,these guys have to make a second one.....AMAZING"
,Recommended,236090,8029232,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,XunOnline,"This game has very few flaws, but it has something I've not seen in complex games in years, pure fun. The combat system is unbelievably exhilarating and fulfilling. You play a character named Dust who has amnesia and has forgotten his past (one of the few flaws, considering how cliche that is.), with your little flying pal who's mostly used for comedic relief. But it doesn't go overboard on comedy either, the game is a perfect blend of art, fun, rpg, brawler, and platforming. Not having too much of any except fun."
,Recommended,236090,7218416,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,interesting i see
76561197960367676,Recommended,236090,8229998,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Käck,one of the best game i played looks great its fun alot to find just a awesome game
,Recommended,236090,8461103,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AseTone,It's a really great game. It combines the classic fell of an RPG with really badass hack and slash. I still need to play more in order to get into the story more but the story is starting to pick up where I left off.What I can say is that if you only like the hack and slash aspect of this game you are going to have a little bit of a hard time since the game demandes more smarts rather tha button smashing. All in all it is a really great game and I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,236090,8724078,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Minty,One of the only furry products worth buying
,Recommended,236090,8563930,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vincent Salieri,The art is very well done and the combat is simple but controls well. The gameplay is combat heavy with very limited platforming. The game was longer than expected given the price point (11 hours on normal difficulty). Voice acting and storyline are fairly standard and don't stand out as either great or terrible.
76561198070887333,Recommended,236090,7773672,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The Fortune Teller,"First of all, let me say that I enjoyed Dust immensly. It is a great mix of hack n slash / RPG with platforming elements. It is a 2d sidescroller similar to games like Castlevania so, if you enjoyed those series, this is right up your alley. It features quests and sidequests that you need to complete, and you can revisit previous areas through an extremely simple and functional map system. Revisiting is mandatory if you wish to get the full experience out of the game, since it is drowning in collectibles and easter eggs, which i found really creative.The RPG element consists of finding/crafting/buying armour, weapons and various trinkets that have a lot of different abilities allocated to them, so that you can have your own gameplay style, although you most probably will go with higher armor/attack, so there is not so much variety as you might originaly think. You also get experience by killing creatures and completing quests, and when you hit the mark, you gain a level and allocate one point(gem) in one of four different stats.There is a lot of exploration and cool fights in Dust, that will probably keep you invested if you like this type of game. The story is also quite interesting, since it is not what you will probably think at first. I wont go into details to avoid spoiling it.All in all, a great action/rpg that kept me going for 15 hours, until i found everything. Highly recommended to action/rpg fans, similar to Castlevania."
76561198072761189,Recommended,236090,7909890,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Raine,"This is more of a preview, rather then a review as I've just started playing it and am only 2 hours in. So after a couple of hours of experiencing Dust: An Elysian Tail last night, I have to say I was quite impressed. Visually it's amazing (Don't need to go into that further, as it's plan to say this was made visually incredible). Game play is spot on and fluid (and I'm surprised yet again with a 2D game. I was impressed with Trine [and it's sequel] as well for that reason), but that's not what I liked best about this. It's the audio...OMG! The music is gripping and beautiful! I loved it, and even the voice acting is really quite good. I was worried that I would find Fidget annoying with so much dialog for her, but I didn't find her that at all. I'm quite impressed and look forward to spending more time with it."
,Recommended,236090,7888944,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,no4u,"Having beaten the game on Xbox, the experience was something unlike any other side-scrolling action game I've played. In its hand painted fantasy world, Elysian is brought to life in an experience of plot twists and unexpected turns that shows the beauty art can put into a game.Gameplay is flawless and the challenge to return through the game on its hardest mode is more than worthwhile to complete and collect the 12 companions.I recommend this title to any of my friends and anyone really to journey into Dust's world."
,Recommended,236090,7886392,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dyadem,"This game is worth whatever you will pay for it! Even at full price it's a great story, very cute too! It's like you are playing a cartoon.The mechanics were like Metroid to me, explore areas, get abilites that let you re explore areas."
76561198056812717,Recommended,236090,7859099,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sorry,"Yes, Amazing. Love it."
76561198113846869,Recommended,236090,7977763,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,You Mad Bruh?,Really fun game!  Lots of hack & slash.  It felt a little short though.  Music was AMAZING.  I hope they make a sequel.
,Recommended,236090,8038206,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Princess Riikka,"Very nice game. Can cause Feels. Does have issues, but I feel strongly positive about the game overall."
76561198015170841,Recommended,236090,8344638,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,unit13,"Fast paced action combined with RPG elements, serverd in 2D with really nice hand drawn graphics and. Great humor, mystery and lot of action. It's really great game for everybody who llikes 2D h&s with possibility of crafting your own gear and when there is willingness You can always go ""deeper"" and uncover some secrets or try Your skills in challenges. I had really great time playing this title and i recommend it to all who love that genre."
76561198069331307,Recommended,236090,6570662,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Beagleboy,"Fun, fast paced action and a sidekick as lovable as Midna from LoZ TP.  If you don't mind the ""furriness"" of the game it's great."
,Recommended,236090,8334294,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dustalvion,"Easily one of my favorite Indie games out there. Dust: An Elysian Tail fancies a story about a protagonist's lost memories as he moves forward to uncover them. The game features a well written story, brilliant music, and some pretty decent graphics to boot. The voice acting is also something worth commending too...as each NPC has its own unique voice and personality.The game is a side-scroll RPG and while that may sound strange at first - it's actually well done. My only ""complaint"" is that a sequel hasn't been officially announced yet. XDIf you're on the fence about purchasing this game - go for it."
76561197995364980,Recommended,236090,25972579,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,LiquidNeon,"Nearly 16 hours to beat it on regular. I didn't 100% it, but I did hunt for extras. This game looks amazing, utterly beautiful! The controls were pretty spot on too, I rarely found myself dying aside from getting stuck the the long winded blade swinging animations and taking a hit. I had so much fun with this game, and if the story is ever continued I will not hesitate to buy and play future games in this series.The characters are a lot of fun and the story actually had a neat twist I didn't see coming, well done!"
,Recommended,236090,26852746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metalbomber,+ great artstyle+ great story+ loveable characters+ awesome dialogue+ Fidget- i want more of this
,Recommended,236090,27227219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mournsorrow,"This game was just all around good time for me.The art style is good, the voice acting is so-so and is really hit or miss on if you like it or not (though personally I liked it). However where this game shines is the combat once you learn to properly use your skills and combo strings, you will have the satisfaction of wiping out enemies in the dozens and feeling like you are the powerful warrior the game suggests you are,and there are a number of varied enemies so that you have to switch tactics and have challenges occasionally, the boss fights while not super difficult are fun.Of course the main draw to this gem of a game is it's well fleshout and crafted story and world.All in all I'd say this game is worth full price and if it's on sale there is no reason not to get it.I literally liked it so much that I bought it for a number of my friends just so they could share the joy of playing this game."
,Recommended,236090,27060334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Garsnake,Holy crap this game is good if you have 3 extra dolars just ... buy this game just do it.
,Recommended,236090,27082287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Remixer1993,"Just a good game, and I can't describe it really.  Play it yourself and you'll understand why it's amazing.  Btw, it was almost all done by 1 person (besides voices and music)"
,Recommended,236090,27877016,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Akuro,"A well writen story, beutiful scenery, enjoable gameplay, all at a reasnable price, everything you need to enjoy a game."
,Recommended,236090,15242581,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CayDoodles,"This is a wonderful game with stunning visuals and gameplay. The controls are easy to understand, and I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested."
,Recommended,236090,8416150,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dysfunctional,This Game is well worth beyond 4$ sale amazing storyline and fighting beautiful looking10/10 amazing
,Recommended,236090,8394156,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Travus,"Exellent game!If you like fast-paste hack and slash combat systems or action RPGs, then this is for you!It has a fantastisk backstory and played story, and very well done characters, it even offers side quests. There are treasures to find all over the map, giving the player more to do than just completing quests aswell.It's realy a nice action RPG, and it has some of the best soundtracks I've ever heared. It's one of my all-time favorits now. And probably the best PC port out there. It's truly a work of love."
,Recommended,236090,8526812,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bames Jond,"Best Game EVER! If you're reading this to buy it, buy it! It's so amazing! The music is beautiful and the gameplay is both epic and hilarious! Ahh! I love this game!"
,Recommended,236090,8856401,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MrKozio,Insanely awesome!!!! Worth every penny.
76561197971043428,Recommended,236090,487970,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Copperheart,"I really cant recommend this game strongly enough. An indie beat m up with a metroid-vania world you should pick up post haste. Any sceenshots you see of this game won't do it justice. While Dust has vibrant and colorful visuals, all hand drawn, you need to see this game in motion to get the full sense of its superb animations and fluid action. Following  the story of an amnesiac swordsman, a magic sword and its guardian sprite you travel through the world of Elysian to discover Dust's past. While the story may not sound like a block buster the game is filled with top notch voice acting that surpasses most triple-A titles and hides some very dark themes that belie its bright art direction. This is a game made by a small team of one, thats full of heart (no pun intended: Humble Hearts studio), has great game-play and art, with an interesting story to tell, and it tells it very well. Don't pass this up!"
,Recommended,236090,13703005,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Red Ranger,"Ashes to ashes, Dust to dust. words are not enough to express the greatness of this game"
,Recommended,236090,9083698,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lord Tristem,"This is one of the best Platforming beatem ups I have ever seen.Combat is fluent and fun.  The controls are precise and very responsive.The story without going into spoilers is really engaiging and and makes you want to keep playing and features a nice blend of serious, lighthearted, tragic, and humorous.The characters are very well done and all are voice acted (very nicely I might add).  All of which are varied and interesting although the one who steals the show is Figet listening to her never gets old.My only complaint is that the game is too short.  I wish there were a few more chapters, but what is there is great, and it seems that the ending might be setting up for a sequel.If you haven't already I'd recommend getting this game.  Its one of the best Platformers I've seen."
76561198025480922,Recommended,236090,24070807,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[Gewp] Dwayngerous,"I liked it.I find game design fascinating so I often go into games with a critical eye even when I enjoy myself.Finding things wrong with a game is still a sign of love, and I do really like this game.As such:the voice acting isn't great, but also not often terriblethe voice for Fidget did sorta get on my nerves from time to timethe art usually looks pretty good but looks a bit strange when 3d models and flat drawings are paired togetherAnd the script can get pretty cheesy when it tries to be serious"
,Recommended,236090,20444451,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Helios Leinheart,"Lets keep it real, there are some problems here. There always are. But this guy worked on Dust for three and a half years mostly by himself. I don't think anybody could fault any of the issues this game may have.You could buy it full price, but I've seen it go on sale quite often. Wait a bit for a sale and it's a must buy."
,Recommended,236090,8390549,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KAMaxamillianK,"Game's good so far, haven't beaten it yet but in the two hours I've played I plan to. 8.5/10 so far. Musics good, characters are good, battlling enemies flow smoothly (for the most part) at this moment just is missing that one thing to make it click to me. But still quite good."
,Recommended,236090,16358493,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"Kaetzer, Lame Spy","Cute design, sad story. There's a few bugs with hit detection, and some parts of the game are simply unfair/"
,Recommended,236090,9740570,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Midnight1463,If you are interested in a game with a great story then this is one you will want to pick up. It not only has a creative story but it has great gameplay. The games artwork is polished with a soundtrack worth checking out after playing through the game.
76561198055637632,Recommended,236090,8050082,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,YouHaveZoidberg,"This was a fun experience and one that I recommend people give a go at. I felt the story was good and the characters were ones that I really enjoyed, though I wish a few were fleshed out more. I'll admit the combat is lacking a bit since there isn't much reason to change tactics at any point in the game, but I still enjoyed hacking and slashing away at my enemies and bursting them into flames! Another thing I recommend is to play this game on hard mode instead of normal since I found normal to be way too easy.~Have a good one."
,Recommended,236090,2644360,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,TheDragonHat,"One of the best, most beautiful and stunning games I have ever played. Also Fidget is freaking adorable!"
,Recommended,236090,24184878,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kelgoroth,"Dust: An Eylsian TailGenre : MetroidvaniaRating: 9/10Comment : Wonderful world, marvellous characters, great story and good gameplayDust: An Elysian Tail is one my all time favourite games. Gameplay wise it follows the standard metroidvania rules. As you start the game a lot of areas are unreachable for you but as you progress you learn new abilites with which you can reach those regions later on. The game also has two rpg elements. For one it has a leveling system. Unfortunately it is very simple and doesn't allow for a real specialization. For another it has items that you can equip. The combats are fast and fun to play but in the long run they lack complexity too. Nevertheless the fights and the rpg elements were good enough to keep me motivated. But what makes this game that good for me?It's the world, the story and espcecially the characters. The main characters (Dust and Fidget) are simply amazing. The writing and the voice acting are superb in my opionion. Anyway I don't want to spoil anyhting from the story so just watch the trailer and decide yourself whether you like what you see. I myself can only recommend the game and I hope a sequel will soon be released."
,Recommended,236090,9445962,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Daniel Howl,Best game i have ever played!
76561197974004598,Recommended,236090,33005595,Posted: 29 June,all,Iskarius,Such a great game. It plays so well I forgot about everything else for a while. Super enjoyable for the relatively short time it lasts.
,Recommended,236090,18074933,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ArkanHell,"Awesome game, buy it ;)"
76561198152380575,Recommended,236090,33111466,Posted: 1 July,all,Demonic_Otaku,"Such a beautiful game!Easy, not overly complicated combat, very fluid movement and controls, a storyline that pulls you in the moment you start playing, very nice voice acting, and the art style and character designs, IT'S JUST SO BEAUTIFUL!10/10 <3"
76561198117760434,Recommended,236090,11218891,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,battlegamerz,the first game that made me ry best story music and all
76561198042512462,Recommended,236090,7904924,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Combat,"Dust is a game of preference. The biggest thing that people will notice is the whole “Furry” debate. Now if you could care less if you are in a world of animals, have watched any cartoon or game as a child that used animals, or just have common sense, Dust is for you. Gameplay wise, it’s a hack and slash/RPG/puzzler/adventure. If you enjoy hitting things with a sword, this is a good game for you. If you like combining powers for devastating results, this game is for you. If you like puzzles, but don’t want to rip your own hair out due to difficulty, this game is for you. If you like exploring, plundering, and/or simply hanging out in a hub, this game is for you.This game’s story is also a matter of preference. I don’t want to ruin anything for you, so if your iffy on story lines, know that the side quests will fill whatever void within you. What more, the many Easter eggs that you can find will really make any gamer smile.All in all, Dust isn’t a long game, but what it does have is hours of entertainment. If you are at all interested in this game, I would recommend buying it. And if you’re still on the fence, just wait for a sale, because this game is worth it."
76561198093215817,Recommended,236090,33102156,Posted: 1 July,all,RaphWolf#1370,An amazing hack and slash side scroller. i my self am not normally a fan of side scrollers but this one is absolutly amazing. 10/10 IGNPS: totally want a Fidget plush now.
76561198053620949,Recommended,236090,33097268,Posted: 1 July,all,Yohimbeen,#gooishap :) ^^ great game
,Recommended,236090,33145232,Posted: 2 July,all,PyroBlade2278273,"I have two words to sum it up: Astoundingly, beautiful.But the problem is, summing up this game isn't enough. only a few minutes into Dust: An Elysian Tail, I found myself in a special form of borderline-drooling captivation that very few things have ever delivered to me. Even with this game being of a style I don't regularly play, I was still enthralled in its gorgeous swordplay and earth-shattering combos and effects. Even the soundtrack was cinematic in style, but composed on that endlessly running style of music that befits almost every video game ever made - and also tied in with the stunning graphics to make me forget that anything existed outside the game. I think we need a stronger word for immersion...Dust has a remarkably sound sense of humor for someone who has no memory of his past, and Fidget somehow manages to be crazy and adorable at the same time. Fourth wall breaks aside - which I also enjoyed - Dust and Fidget are characters that anyone could enjoy.While I have much more to say, words cannot replace the experience of playing Dust: An Elysian Tail for yourself.There are only two things that I wish were different:1. Make it easier to sell/buy large numbers of items from the shop.[SPOILER ALERT]2. When General Gaius finally comes to terms with Dust not being Cassius, he advises that Dust should cherish the world. Not that the sad ending was bad in any way, but I personally wish Dust didn't just lose the will to carry on and went on to cherish the world that he saved.[END OF SPOILERS]I would love a sequel to this game or something of the sort!"
,Recommended,236090,33113999,Posted: 1 July,all,洸月永,"An under-estimated awesome game. I can easily achieve hundreds of combos, which makes me feel very comfortable."
76561197970132183,Recommended,236090,32801184,Posted: 25 June,all,TadaceAce,"Action platformer.Combat is pretty good. A bit repetitive sometimes but dynamic enough that every once in awhile something really cool happens.The art, voice acting, and writing, is all 10/10 and alone makes this game completely worth it. I'm not a big story guy, but the voice acting is so good it makes you feel for the characters."
,Recommended,236090,8397020,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ghostD0C,"Awesome game. Remarkably fluid and responsive combat, beautiful art and animation, well composed music, a story that makes you care about the characters. Ubelievable that this game was basically made by a single person. There are hardly any parts of it that seem unprofessional, like you would expect with some indie titles. Pretty much everything works and it's relatively long too.Combat could be a tad more complex (I recommend choosing a high difficulty to make it challenging) and there are slight variations of soundquality in dubbing but overall it's stunning how well everything fits together in this game.If you like Hack n' Slash games with an actual story this isn't going to disappoint you."
76561198041976310,Recommended,236090,25155276,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Muddaphukher,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever impulsed buyed from a Steam Market.Characters are engaging and have wonderful designs. The voice Actors truly feel like they loved working on this game. Level design can be a little difficult to work with, but you will never feel like the game is being unfair.With plenty of side paths to explore, you will eventually find that this game doesn't expect you to 100% this game. In fact, it goes past 122% with all of the secrets you are capable of finding. From hidden ""characters"", keys, map exploration and Time Trial areas to complete, you will always have something to do.On top of this, the combat is very fluid. It is clearly designed to be super flashy and strange, but I truly love this aspect. The combat itself is incredibly easy to learn and moderately difficult to master. As a result, you will never feel like you got hurt due to gameplay issues, but you will quickly lose track of your position if you just spam the keys.So I highly recommend this game, especially if it is on sale. I truly believe the game is worth the full amount, however this is a one-time playthrough type of game. You will enjoy the experience to no end, but it lacks in replayability.For anyone that wishes to see gameplay before buying, I recommend viewing my videos below:Playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJZtGKFNc15a2pjs2CdvKzJ2vRgP4UnNtSteam Videos:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041976310/videos/"
76561198085594730,Recommended,236090,19835841,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Beepsis Sneepsis,"I don't have anything to say, so here is a list of things I said/experienced while playing this amazing game:""Oh god damnit, I bought a kids game.""""Ha, you dead.""""♥♥♥♥! Stupid♥♥♥♥♥knockback!""""OH, HE SAID A BAD!""""WHAT IS THAT!?""""Love beat 'em ups!""""AM I EVEN HURTING YOU?!""""Invisible enemies? Why?""""HE HAS EYES AND HAIR!?""""God, love smashing these space ship things.""""♥♥♥♥, THIS ISN'T A KIDS GAME!""*cries for 30 minutes**writes review*"
,Recommended,236090,700333,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Viper Nakajima,"After playing through 80+ or so hours on my 360, this is easilly my favorite single player game. Beautiful to look at, absolute genius writing and tons of laughs. Memorable characters especially the sidekick Fidget. Shes my steam picture for cry'n out loud. The most adorable thing in the WHOLE WORLD. Give this a try, you wont be disappointed i promise you."
,Recommended,236090,26812439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,daniuse,"Hell, I like furries!That was the thought with which I decided to buy this game. And I wasn't dissapointed.The games' visuals really make it just nice and relaxing to lool at. All that animation (in the fight, I mean. Not in the dialogue ><), character design, levels with different visual design... Makes my eyes happy.Gameplay is cool. For the most of a game it feels awesome to slay all that enemies. After some point it becomes kind of boring, even though still chalanging.Same thing about the most important for me feature - the plot. At first I just fell in love with Dust, Fidget, especially Fidget (aww, I want to hug her!) and Ahrah. And all that mistery and depth in the world - amazing. But after some point in the game (late in game, thankfully) some major plot desigions make me kind of uncomfortable. Well, mostly ethically, as I lost all the motivation to help the ""good gyes"".  Stupid lisards, stubid blood magic, stupid mind slavery.I still recommend this game for everyone, who likes good looking action/RPG fairy tale. For the most part, it is clearly enjoyable."
76561198057783468,Recommended,236090,6040324,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,The Bounty Hunter,one of the best games i have experienced! :D you guys gotta buy this game ^^
,Recommended,236090,11963491,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mister Lizard,"I absolutely recommend this game to anyone, I am simply a fanboy of this game. Now, if it there were to be a sequel... My, oh my."
,Recommended,236090,8350373,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EraChanZ,"This game is ABSOLUTELY amazing. The storyline is interesting, albeit with a bit of a ''standard'' ending. It has a few nice twists though. The gameplay is briljant, smooth, and easy to get a under control. The graphics are absolutely stunning, and will keep you captivated. The tone is set nicely, and the game will be clearable by novice players, and still be somewhat challenging at on the hardest difficulties. Absolute 9.5/10 for me, best game I've played in a long time.MUST.. HAVE.."
,Recommended,236090,11090628,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Prinny!,This game was pretty fun. If you play it though make sure you play on the highest level of difficulty for a challenge as the lower are something you can beat pretty easily
76561198119689771,Recommended,236090,10988291,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,komi,"It feels a lot better on PC than XBOX(in my opinion). The game's storyline is pretty good, as well as the gameplay to complement it. Overall, buy it. Go, buy it! Do it! Come on!"
,Recommended,236090,7946734,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,MegaMikeMan,"This sidescrolling action platformer with RPG elements looks and plays fluidly. Combat is smooth and varied enough to avoid being a button masher. While the writing is a bit weak it's still interesting enough to experience more exploration and combat. I'm not a fan of the particular type of anthropomorphism portrayed in the game, but everything else looks great. I like the freedom provided to you when leveling up your character and having the option to equip gear."
,Recommended,236090,22352527,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ekam,"So furry yet is quite goodStory: quite nice, good enough to skip spoilers, has its little akward momentsGamplay: smash buttons and fly everywhere!,  explore some nice looking places and do some puzzles, repeatMusic: didnt appretiate it too much due to a lot of sounds everywhere, but it good for the moodGraphics: Quite colorful and has some complex backgrounds, also some moviesLength: took me around 15hr to completeVoice acting!: Sounds quite professional and they fit their character properlyMenu auto sets the language, games should ask for this kind of stuffIn general is a good game, but with all the positive reveiws you already know that dont you?"
,Recommended,236090,9778204,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,gasperec.lukas,"Fantastic game and must have project9,5/10"
,Recommended,236090,7395597,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,SlipWolf🐾,Pure and simple.. This game is beautiful! Feels like a Castlevania mixed with Devil May Cry. It's like Furryvania May Cry... of sorts. Either way. BUY THIS GAME! It's even better with a controller.
76561198069880673,Recommended,236090,18126857,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Demothises,"Coming from an old school 2s Caslevania and Metroid player I have to say I realy enjoyed this game. I could go on about all the pros of the the game, but that has already been done in droves, and they are all correct the game is great. There were a few things I think could have made Dust better. First off if you are a sesoned player, just start on Hard. I found the default difficulty of this game a bit easy, in fact like a derp I hadn't even equiped up other than drops that I found or were provided through story about 2/3 of the way through the game. The fact of the matter was I just didn't get hit that often partially from the difificulty and partially because of the very refined controls. The game is also a bit short, I played through getting about 90% completion in about 15 hours on normal, this is forgivable as it is an indie game and it has a low price point, but I was wanting more at the end, and franky why not, its a good game.The only other comments I would have to leave is story and characters, no spoilers here I promise. It has an anime-ish style to it, obviously seen in the screen shots, it looks great, but the choice to use a animal-human hybrid for the games characters makes it feel a little kidish, thats a style thing and I get that, it certainly doesn't detract from the game, but I don't think it really adds anything to it either.  The story is interesting and has some good deep mature themes in the since of a tomented hero coming to grips with his past for 1 example, but then you get some dialog that pops in rarely that feels it should be part of a Saterday morning cartoon. Kind of like how Avitar the Last Airbender was, again this isn't something that was bad, but for me it briefly disconnects from a great story.All in all the is a realy good game, well worth the price and I hope to see bigger and better games come from this team."
76561198059328041,Recommended,236090,9987064,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Memory-Go-Round,"This game is beautiful to a fault and the story is magnificent. I enjoyed every hour. Though it may be a bit of a 'slash em up' 2D side scroller, it has a difficulty level to suit all players, veterans and even less active gamers like myself.I give Dust: An Elysian Tail 10/10"
76561198137119347,Recommended,236090,20192038,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GreenEye,10/10Nuff Said
76561198001815575,Recommended,236090,7888393,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[BWC] Xeveras,An Awesome indie title! I sank plenty of hours into it and im still not done.
,Recommended,236090,8428530,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,64sharp1,"What words do I have to describe this game? Stunningly beautiful, great story, fluid combat, RPG elements, amazing characters. I can't think of anything negative to say about this."
,Recommended,236090,7953120,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,"The Princess Dork, Tetchy","To sum up this game in one word: 'Beautiful'. Deep, touching story, amazing soundtrack (protip: as I write this 7.12.2013, you can still get it for $1), fluid animation, rewarding combat system and a sidekick to rival my old all time favourite sidekick for the place in my heart.Hats off to Mr. Dodrill for making an unforgettable experience like which I didn't think would exist for bitter ol' fellow like me anymore."
76561198073493402,Recommended,236090,10987454,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yusuke,"This game is very entertaining, with great gameplay and a great storyline. Beating up multiple mobs at the same time is very fun, and watching your combo meter grow as you press all of the buttons is also fun. It reminds me of a sidescrolling Zelda with platforming thrown into the mix. It may also be a furrys dream come true, but I wouldn't know."
76561198029350550,Recommended,236090,31739877,Posted: 13 May,all,Frangao,"Fun to play, amazing voices/animations, and somewhat challenging in hardcore. Great game."
,Recommended,236090,22486491,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,"I love this game, the combat and controls feel really good and there's so many satisfying secrets to explore that aren't hidden so well you'll never find them.  Amazing art, good music and sound effects, and a handful of references to console classics along with modern indie games.  I really hope there will be a sequel someday."
76561198029811477,Recommended,236090,22490530,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Tirbelain,"Absolutely amazing game. Beautiful graphics, great music and sound, really motivated voice actors. The combat is fun and as soon as you unlock Fidget's powers, it becomes truly satisfying slicing through large groups of enemies at a single blow.And Fidget is the cutest and most adorable sidekick ever!!! *wants a Fidget doll*"
,Recommended,236090,22503241,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sylvzie,Just have to say that Fidget is love...    Fidget is life..for the new players... I recommend to start maxing your health and armor 'cause playing tanky in this game is the easiest way through even with the hardest difficulty.5/5    would play a 1000000 times 100% again :3This game is just basically a must have. Enough said..
,Recommended,236090,23673249,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MsStarSword,"This is an AMAZING game! Not only is it fun to play, but it also has some of the most beautiful music, background art, and character design I've ever seen in a video game! I totally recomed you to play this game! I give it 10/10!"
,Recommended,236090,8399075,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Carboxylate,"Beautiful environments, exciting combat and subtle humour all packed into a brilliant adventure RPG. I would defininitly recommend this game to anyone who is even slightly interested in this title."
,Recommended,236090,7873289,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Onensane,"Some of the smoothest controls ever in the platforming history. It always does exactly what you want it to do and has that nice flow in through actions. It also has some of the best animation of the last couple of years with everything having this nice lively movement into them. There are some frustrating parts and mostly you get away by just button mashing, but it also has its rewarding moments. Voice acting is not the best in the world, but that's the limit of an indie company.Well worth it for a couple of hours of tight action."
,Recommended,236090,8233822,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hellfire,"A simplistic, yet stunningly beautiful art style and wonderful story direction combine to form one of the best games I've played in 2013. Dust draws you in and keeps you there, in those moments of action and story like few other (including AAA) games. Dust is action-oriented, but never difficult to play, mixing the best of reflexive/combo mechanics with a forgiving style that rewards the player for just having fun as much as executing spectacular hit streaks."
76561198263804212,Recommended,236090,25024802,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,itsanonionfool,Great Metroidvania platformer with a Brawler style combat system. Dean Dodril did a great job with the animation and really makes you feel for his characters with solid voice acting and a good storyline. I would recommend that any experienced gamer play on the toughest difficulty setting. I made the mistake of playing on normal and it was far too easy.
76561198065809132,Recommended,236090,30297981,Posted: 3 March,all,bb wulf,i dont know where to start with this game - but for the genere this is the most incredible game i have seen yet if you like hack and slash type games with rpg style also
,Recommended,236090,276739,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,KilfordBrimley,Don't be scared away by the furfolk: This is one of the best things you may ever experience.
,Recommended,236090,25877096,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Insaniac,"This is the first time I've written a review but this game has given me a reason to finally write one. Dust: An Elysian Tail is by far one of the best indie games I've ever played, if not one of the best games I've ever played in general. The combat is very responsive and fluid. The story is very engaging and manages to keep you interested from start to finish. The animations are very good and manage to look flashy while not being over the top. The story and writing is very well put together and it feels very natural. The voice acting is also really good.The only ""cons"" that I can think of, which are more just nitpicks than actual problems, are that the game in total is around 15 hours long but for an indie game that's pretty standard and you never feel bored the entire time you're playing. Another con is that the mouse and keyboard controls aren't the best. I'm not saying they're bad, it is possible to play this game soley with mouse and keyboard but I found that the game felt better when using a controller.There aren't any real problems with the game. The game runs smoothly at all times, it never crashes or anything like that and there aren't any game breaking bugs that I could find. You will encounter the occasional item getting stuck in a wall but it's nothing to be worried about.I highly recommend this game and give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,4704483,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Wiikly Reviews,"Dust an Elysian Tail. Where do I start with this game? The hand drawn animations and style art in the background are just fantastic from every single portion from going through forests to snowy slopes to Mountain Tops to Under Ground Caves. The entire game Literally brings something new to the Action RPG genre by first off not being generic. The voice acting is top notch and for a game that started off on the Xbox 360 and making its way to the PC it really shows the creators wanted to do everything they can to make this game a seller. Putting the game at $15 to me was an outstanding price to pay for the amazing story you will set off to while playing through the entire game. The music is incredible, Voice acting is top notch and the combat system is super easy for anyone to pick up and gets very difficult as you go through the game further finding out everything about the characters you meet as well as Dust himself. Best character in the game IMO is Fidget. Seriously i'd wanna Plush doll of her but she'd probably Slash My Face off for even saying i'd want a Plush of her. Either way everybody Purchase this game cause its from an amazing Developer who has put alot of hard time and effort into making what I seriously will call the most beautifully made and just amazing game i've ever played from a Indie Developer. I hope to see a sequel to this game in the future. Thank you for this amazing Game. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,13843468,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"Putting aside all that discussion about annoying character, furries, stereotypical amnesiac protagonist and talking sword, i really liked this game, mechanics are solid, combat is very satisfying, this is still the best platform fighter/brawler i ever played, when i learned the parrying system the boss fights got insanely more enjoyable.Some people said that the game was too short, well, i agree that there is not much replayability, but still on my personal top platform fighter/brawler.Edit: grammar."
76561198036661781,Recommended,236090,8480319,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Meowtrix,"Why have you not bought this yet??? Seriously, start clicking buy now. Then slam ur face with your keyboard for the note that you HAVE to send to your friends. Order a pizza while u wait for the install cause once you play you are hooked."
,Recommended,236090,27108779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wise_Cracker,"This game is one of those argument-ending 'Name one' games.""Games aren't artistic! Name one!""""PC ports are impossible, and they'll always be faulty. Name one that wasn't!""""Actio brawlers can't have major plot twists! Name one!""""Comic relief sidekicks are such a pain. Name one time that they did that right.""Well... this is that kind of game, yes.The controls are smooth, the voice acting is gorgeous, the soundtrack deserves to be called 'epic,' even the scenery is chewing the scenery, and as for the story? It's the kind of story where you think you know what the twist is going to be early on, but then they throw a curve ball at you and do something pretty unexpected, even unique. All three of the main characters (yes, the sword is a character) are at least interesting, Fidget is downright brilliant on so many levels, and even the shopkeeper has a story.Yeah, not even kidding. The freaking SHOPKEEPER has a story, and it's not even a bad one.Probably best played with a controller, because there were instances where I struggled because I forgot you could jump diagonally by holding two keys at once (eheh...) but perfectly serviceable with mouse and keyboard, and its options menu is spot-on. There are features that you wouldn't think even existed.This game is a classic. It's iconic. And the controls are simple enough for someone new to games to pick up.Basically, in the spirit of the season, it's a good game for gamers and it's a good experience for non-gamers. All the beauty and heart of a Disney classic mixed with the action of a Nintendo classic. Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,236090,15617790,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Racist Cracker,Great game for such a low budget
76561198084504738,Recommended,236090,15498088,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Xhisrc,"Everything about this is awesome. The only thing bad is that when you beat it, you want more."
,Recommended,236090,8380593,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SuBw00FeR,"Absolutely love this game, my GoTY for 2013. Fantasticly executed, get it now!"
76561198085450366,Recommended,236090,15610742,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,polo1178,This game is one of the best games i've played in a long time. i love it. the combo's the story and the voices and acting is flawless. i highly recommend this title to any and everyone.
76561198060725182,Recommended,236090,15591883,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,The Hobo In Training,"I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at writing reviews, so I will try to be brief about this to limit my chances of screwing it up.Pros:+ Cute side-quests+ Hidden Treasures+ Crafting is simple+ Leveling is simple+ Main story wasn't convoluted or hard to follow, but had a touch of grey to it.+ I enjoyed the humour+ Full keypad support, so I could play with an old 360 controller+ Adorable side-kickCons:- Game is a bit short. Felt like the story could have had an extra chapter and still not have overstayed its welcome.Neutral:= You do play as a Furry in a land filled with furries, fighting other furries. I liked it, but some may not. Game was good enough that those who do mind, may be able to look past it and still enjoy the game."
,Recommended,236090,30210352,Posted: 26 February,all,Johangir,2D Devil May Cry that caters to the furfgts
,Recommended,236090,20983288,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Igos,Ashes to ashes....Dust to dust...
,Recommended,236090,3028072,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Fineas,"This game has blown me away! I just love it.It's creative, it's funny, well looking, controls like a breeze has a nice learning curve, engaging dialog and characters, is the best platformer I have played in a long time and doesn't bore me the least. It has emotional notes as well as over the top action and all in a nice package.Good stuff:+ Very good graphics (2D platformer full HD at it's best)+ Artistic hand painted backdrops+ Nice sound effects+ Supurb voice acting+ Excelent music score that compliments the ambiance+ Engaging characters and storyline+ Devil May Cry like combat (fast-paced eretic, over the top moves and combos, while fun & easy to execute)+ Leveling and weapon/gear crafting compliments game mechanics+ Many secrets, multiple difficulty settings and fun rewarding side quests make for a good replayability levelBad stuff:- Characters could have been animated 'a tad more' and have more poses to make them feel more alive (sometimes I feels the transit from one pose to another feels incomplete or cheap)UPDATECompleted this game a while ago. I only just wish there was more.Some comics, videos or the best would be a game based on this world to continue the Elysian Tails."
,Recommended,236090,7452623,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Bastion,"So enjoyable. Loved every single aspect of the game, namely the fighting system combined with highly responsive controls. NEVER the game did something derpy or something i didn't want, which frequently happens in these kind of games in which you have to press a lot of buttons. That gives you the illusion that you can do everything you like. And what a beautiful illusion that is. The humor is also great.The story is also great. I'm a bit thrilled to confess this, but i shed tears in the end. And can't thing of a game that made me do that ever.This is definitively a must-buy. You'll not regret."
76561198042899484,Recommended,236090,7887436,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,♫FANCY♫,Very good
,Recommended,236090,30892955,Posted: 1 April,all,Folly Corp,Great art. made by one dude (with help) worth the money
,Recommended,236090,30819546,Posted: 29 March,all,WhoCanPeliCan,"I bought this game on a sale, I can't rememeber how much I paid for it specifically, but whatever it was, it was worth it. Many games I am unsure whether to give it a posotive or a negative rating, but this game is without a doubt an amazing game.The graphics look beautifull, and although the voice acting sounds rather peculiar fo r the first few minutes, youi get used to it quickly and come to enjoy them.The gameplay works amazing ly with the smooth look of the game, and Dust is a lot of fun to control. The characters are really interesting, even Fidgett! I was not expecting much from this cheap buy, but it was worth every penny. The story was actually really driving, and the end made me feel incredibly happy. The build-up for it was great,The combat as previously stated was really fun, and it was always great to gain new abilities throughout the adventure. The areas can get a little boring and rather annoying, so I don't feel too happy about replaying the areas, however, this can simply be because I'm rather lazy. The fights can get a little repetative, but there is something specail about running about wrecking all your enemies around you.Overall, I'd give this game a 9.7/10, and say that it is a must buy. I just finished the main story, so I can not say muich about any content after that, but I will paly and see. I suggest you do the same."
76561198031822734,Recommended,236090,18159821,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The Internet,"This game has its moments, and because it's cheap I'll give it a recommend.Story 7/10 --- Voice Acting 2/10There is a fairly decent story line and plot, however the voice acting is... well it's not really good at all. The voices don't match what the characters facial animations portray at all. Dust will be sad, but his voice actor (sorry but his was the worst for me) will sound angry and pretty childish. If you can't grab a few decent voice actors, it's 100x better to just leave the voices out completely.Combat: 4/10The problem for me was that this game became very tedious very quickly. You are only given a handful of moves and the combos get old fast, you aren't given very much freedom when it comes to combat, what with only the 3 or 4 real combos. And you will regularly find yourself flying to the edges of the map because your spin move aims at any enemy within a screen or two of your character, making it somewhat annoying during larger battles.Graphics 7/10I like the graphics, and the throwback menus are familiar and fun. The enemies and the world are varied and have a simple beauty. The dropoff here is for the cutscenes that go to a pretty horrible hand drawn world rather than the sharpness of the game itself. Granted, I can't draw that well so I shouldn't judge too harshly.Difficulty 6/10I played on 'Hardcore' so the 13 hour game time might be overstated for someone playing on normal or an easier difficulty. My game was completed in 10 hours, but I had 3 hours of consistent dying, which tells you something of the difficulty on hardcore.  I found it to be challenging, but because of the lack of combat versatility, I found myself really trying to stay interested in this game until the end. The majority of bosses can be easily defeated using the air combo. The biggest difficulty for me was from the environmental traps, traversing those on hardcore was very difficult.Progression and Crafting 9/10I very much enjoyed the character leveling up system and the crafting system. They were both simple to use and made the merchants actually necessary to build better gear. In hardcore it was necessary for me to keep on the lookout for better blueprints and I was encouraged to clear each screen before going to the next for gold and drops to use in crafting.Overall I didn't hate this game, but when I was about 65% of the way through I was just trying to get through it. So again, I do recommend it for the price tag, but if you want to enjoy it more than I did, just read the text and don't listen to it, and play it on an easier setting. This game wasn't meant to be a long play, and hardcore just increases the time spent without adding much extra in terms of personal reward."
76561198082478524,Recommended,236090,21420591,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Soma,"Quite interesting platformer with a lot of action, puzzles and exploration. Even quests and dialogues to give it a RPG flavor. It's a beautiful looking game and the controls are responsive enough to have a lot of fun. The ennemies were rather easy to kill, even bosses, so I'm glad I decided to turn the difficulty level up to be more challenged. Despite the cartoonish graphics and story à la Walt Disney, there is something a bit dark about the story. It's not as cute as you might think.I would not recommend this game to very young children, they are not the target audience at all. Dust is very fast and powerful and rarely gets hit while he kills dozens of ennemies, but a few hits taken and he will die quickly. While some parts are very hack & slash and rather easy even at the hardest difficulty level, the real obstacle is coming from some areas more difficult to navigate by their tricky - but fun - design.I find it hard to understand why I liked this game so much, because while I think everything was good I would not give a near perfect rate to any aspect of this game - story, gameplay, levels design, controls, graphics, variety, etc, but there is something special about Dust: An Elysian Tail. I did not particularly enjoy the leveling and stats system, disliked the crafting system and components collecting, I ended up with way too much money and items.Overall it's an impressive indie game, developed pretty much by a single guy from what I understand. I strongly recommend it to all platformers fans out there because it's a lot of fun.9/10"
76561198309267326,Recommended,236090,34315926,Posted: 17 August,all,Rainbro Dash,"Dust: An Elysian Tail, is not only a game that's title is a pun, but is also a fantastic game to play. Following the story of Dust, a warrior that has lost his memory, must follow his destiny to ensure peace and justice in the world. This game is a must have, and I recommend it to anyone looking for an adventure.P.S. Fidget is best character."
,Recommended,236090,8399239,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,asmodeas,cant describe how epic it is
,Recommended,236090,4946181,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,SaltyBot,"if you can get over its furry style, its a quite fun game. Lacks some polish for later in the game imo but overall was great. For an indie game you can only ask for so much and dust delivers."
76561198056673763,Recommended,236090,11963935,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ahakarin,"A short, but likeable game, Dust provides enough story to keep you interested, and gameplay fast and responsive enough to keep you engaged. At times the writing can get a bit threadbare, but there are some refreshing points, particularly the main antagonist. The voice acting is very good, and while the idea of a tiny comedic sidekick can be a cliché, Dust's answer is well rendered, actually useful, entertaining, and, perhaps most importantly, avoids being annoying.Yes, the writing could have gone leagues deeper, and I hate to say it, but I was less than thrilled with the ending. Still, I don't regret playing Dust, and if there's more to come someday, well, this setting definitely has life left in it."
,Recommended,236090,10973275,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,绝望的生活,Great action-pack game with non-stop hack and slash action all the way. An Impressive game indeed. Recommend you guys to buy it while its still on sale. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,3238945,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,Indie game of the year?
,Recommended,236090,7939982,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,MrGrimLegend,A beautiful action-RPG game! 10/10
,Recommended,236090,13582515,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RadicalLad79,It's just one of those games you fall in love with when you play it for the first time.
76561197970242268,Recommended,236090,10294252,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tobrendi,"There's a lot to love about this game, and a few things to be mildly annoyed by. The animation is beautiful, like an old Disney cartoon. It is a bit silly how all the characters are constantly in motion during dialogue though. The exploration and light RPG elements are fantastic. The combat is fun, but a little repetitive - enemies should die faster given that they don't pose any threat to you once you've gotten the hang of it."
76561198044932818,Recommended,236090,18272823,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Devoladraco GTX,this game is a materpiece. it's perfect in all ways. I higly recommend it!
,Recommended,236090,20615556,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[MeetMeAtGOG]Buttspikes,"Deserves the 96% positive reviews and more.Dust: AET is visualy amazing: lush, fresh and colorful, and surprisingly soft on requirements to run it smoothly.As far as story goes, it's quite simple on the first steps but still manages to catch you despite the numerous cliches and makes many good turns (but also some really emotional ones) as it develops. As Dust, an amnesic individual recently awaken when the game starts, you set off to regain your memories... be them good or bad. Armed with the sentient sword Ahrah and Fidget, it's guardian nimbat, you start off by defending a village from monster attacks but soon start to see the big picture behind it all.Soundtrack is captivating and really well composed. You'd find me quite often sitting around Archer's Pass just to listen the music there (and for some other reason you'll meet if you play).Combat is fast, but stylish. Has enough variety of moveset to make more than some combos and rewards balancing the way of the sword and Fidget's magic. No block whatsoever, but sidesteps and parry move as defensive measures. Both aerial and ground combat are quite intense.Leveling is quite simple and straightforward: Each level awards a gem to be invested in Health, Attack, Defense and Fidget. The first three are quite obvious, but improving Fidget makes magic and Dust Storm (an special attack) stronger as well as increasing the maximum capacity of gems for the rest of the stats.And to boot it all there are plenty of secrets in the form of trials and cages that contain characters from other games (such as Kid, from Bastion, or Super Meat Boy), which provide bonuses as you free them. Some of them can be quite challenging to obtain / complete, but the result obtained greatly outweights the effort.Expect some backtracking as some areas are unlocked way after they are first discovered, or blocked until certain ability has been obtained to move around.Dust is certainly a jewel in any library. 100% Completion is quite a satisfying feat to accomplish, and by no means tedious.Giving it a good review and a thumb up feels a poor recognition for what it is.Edit: Update for nomination awards. Game is as amazing as it was."
,Recommended,236090,5369451,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Demyx,"This game is just - AWESOME, you´ll love it. Im not kidding, its Genious! :DD"
76561198058828212,Recommended,236090,17551894,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valentine,Pretty easy game if you know what your doing.  A great hack and slash platfromer though.
,Recommended,236090,10390361,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bacardi,"This game is... astonishing... no words could describe it.Everything is great about this game.Fantastic visuals and animations. Very vivid and colorful.Nice characters, dialogs and story. Great voice-acting.Very enjoyable gameplay and good controls.Not many games worth buying at full price these days, but this game is an exception!9.9/10 - Highly recommended to everyone."
,Recommended,236090,8415122,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,razorhanny,BUY THIS GAME!NOW!
76561198068872847,Recommended,236090,34726253,Posted: 3 September,all,Duck,"Great game, you can tell when something is created with dedication and love, cheers to the developers for making an awesome game."
,Recommended,236090,10233293,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"I've played this game a lot,finished the game 4-5 times,once with 117% of game done and all achievements in Extreme difficulty.But everytime I play it,I see it on a different eye.First time,it's a hardcore beat'em'all game where you are Dust,a character who awoke someplace without knowing who he was,in the quest of finding his memory back.Then I play it again,and I see it as a game that makes us understand that error is human,that sacrifices must be done.This game is good on the cover and under it.Not only it's fun for peoples who wants to just beat up everything and feel over powered,but it's good for those who wants an emotional experience.I just see this game as something deep,very deep."
,Recommended,236090,10947788,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SugarGorilla,"Great fun. Looks fantastic, and has that old school gaming feel."
,Recommended,236090,16608320,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rune,"A gorgeous blend of adventure and action styled games, Dust : An Elysian Tail utilizes memorable characters, exquisite artwork, and entertaining gameplay to create a true rarity among 2D platformers."
,Recommended,236090,8062071,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,BigALX,wasnt really sure about the game at first not a big fan of 2D movies but this one omg i am shocked of how awesome it is! very good graphics amazing story line cute fidget :) all in all the game is awesome
76561198040976745,Recommended,236090,13173074,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zao,Love this game.
,Recommended,236090,19212422,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,PlatonD[GR],This game is awsome!A perfect fantasy game if you ask me. Or almost perfect... nothing is perfect in this world... but still this game just rocks!!!!The characters are very interesting and the voice acting (although awkward some times) is amazing. I'm not really into the furry thing stuff but still the presentation is good.The gameplay is a bit repetitive after a few hours but it doesn't take away from the experience. Good leveling system and the side quests which we always tend to skip actually help you level up Dust and FIdget and they provide you with the gold you will need at the start of the game.The graphics are awsome and there are some breathtaking views in the game. And turn up the BGM cause you will love the soundtracks here!For all the RPG players out there... JUST BUY IT!
76561197993551221,Recommended,236090,7915025,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Manu,"Really great side scrolling hack and slash , the story is nice and the dialogues between characters are funny and quite often break the 4th wall which is cool. The gameplay is very solid and the combat is smooth, fun and responsive, very nice visuals to the game add to a great experience ."
,Recommended,236090,8382015,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hakkesshu,"Beautiful 2D action game that's somewhat repetitive, but worth playing through for the aesthetics and the fast-paced, mobility-focused fighting system. The writing is really cliché, though."
76561198072636571,Recommended,236090,8382403,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SillyVirus,"freaking amazing game, i honestly didn't know what to expect from this game but it blew my mind .i would recommend this game to everybody who likes side scrollers, rpg's or Both!"
,Recommended,236090,845041,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Zeor,"If you don't mind the furry character design, there's not much else not to like. The presentation is great and the action functions as fluidly and engagingly as intended. I'm not a fan of Fidget at all, but the story seems kind of interestingish. The swordpay is kind of scratching the old Mega Man Zero itch, so you had me there."
,Recommended,236090,7932775,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kitfox88,Grabbed it while it was on sale over the Thanksgiving discount fest. Even if you disagree with the art style there's a pretty enjoyable hack and slash combo game under it all. It's given me a few laughs too with the dialogue which is a nice bonus. Certainly recommend it whenever a sale's on.
,Recommended,236090,7932971,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Raxz,"Devil May Cry meets Castlevania, more or less."
76561197964742061,Recommended,236090,8113228,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Myxus,"With a goregeous visual style, solid voice work, excellent soundtrack, and superb 2D action, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a sure hit.  Highly enjoyable! (Especially if you have a thing for furries!)"
76561198060622168,Recommended,236090,13408320,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Platinummatthew,A Really Good Anime + Walt Disney + Video Game = Dust
76561198011769972,Recommended,236090,8131930,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DaddyMan,Much graphicsSuch prettyWowSo Dusty
,Recommended,236090,16868284,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Large Brown Bear,"The Short and SweetFor those who are wondering if whether or not this is worth the money, especially during its weekend sale as of the time of this review,it is. You can't beat $3 for a funny, charming and animated story that attracts those young and old.The Meaty BitsThe game is a perfect introduction for those who are new to the RPG genre and want to test the waters as opposed to play say...a JRPG (Japanese Roleplaying Game). It also attracts those of us who remember such adventure games from the game systems of old. It has that charm of keeping your interest and wondering what the other screen will show as you move along.If you're younger and always wondered what it was like to play an adventure game in the days of Super Nintendo? Buy this game as an interactive history lesson."
76561198083210512,Recommended,236090,18436304,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TheoracleofDark,"Dust: An Elysisan Tail is in my opinion the best example of video games as art. Everything about this games is amazing. The game looks beautiful it looks like an anime, the acting is really good. the story manages to make the clichè Character with amnesia plot line original. It's a 2-d Metroidvania style action adventure game with hack and slash combat, and the soundtrack OMG it's just... I can't describe how amazing it is, also most of this game was made by one man Dean Dodrill.  Long story short buy this underrated masterpiece. !!!BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Recommended,236090,7922024,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Twence,"You know when you have a feeling to beat things up and feel all-powerful for a little while?Dust is such a game to help you out with that feeling.You play as Dust, an unknown warrior that is paired with Ahrah, one of the five blades of Elysium as his trusty sword and Fidget, a flying magic-wielding nimbat (Yes that's what she calls herself, a nimbat). Together, you explore the world of Falana to discover more about yourself as Dust and the secrets that lie between the surface of his character.Gameplay -You slap people silly with your sword and the movements while you do so are extremely fluid. When more and more spells are unlocked for Fidget to use, the screen turns into a pretty picture of Dust twirling in and out, weaving in between enemies while Fidget's enhanced projectile attacks drain the enemies dry of their health. You soon will love the usage of Dust Storm, while cursing at your energy bar as it depletes quickly due to the spamming of Fidget's spells. But who cares? You still are able to stab people with your sword with sleek combos that launch both Dust and the enemies into the air, of which unlocks a plethora of other combos for you to enjoy while in the air! You also will gain powers by opening treasure chests, doing side quests and crafting equipment.Difficulty -I played on Normal difficulty, which was the default difficulty for the game. I found it a little too easy the moment I realised I could just max out my attack and wail at everything and hope they die before they can even respond with a hit. I almost never ran out of money, nor did I ever sell any of the materials I got for gold (I only sold them once to make sure I could buy them in case I needed to craft something). I only died 3 times the entire time I played the game (and there are Revival Stones that pick you back up right where you died, like nothing happened) and all of them were because I was attempting to parry (I'll talk about it later) at low health for the achievement.Problems -The Parry system has a pretty weird trigger timing, either proccing at really random times or not proccing at all when attempting to do it purposefully. It's extremely potent when it works and it's really irritating when it doesn't, especially when the monster requires you to parry it to be able to kill it. The only time a Quick Time Event happens is during an unlocking of a Treasure Chest, which fortunately happens irregularly and is short enough to not make it a nuisance, but I would have liked having a QTE for the parry system. This however doesn't change the fact that you can probably wail on 99% of the other enemies without attempting to parry.Also, I suffered from frame drops when I entered certain areas, like when I'm up in a snowy mountain or when it's raining. It could be my computer though and it doesn't happen often to affect gameplay. Just a heads up.tl;drKill stuff, become stronger, kill more stuff. Fun game. A little short."
,Recommended,236090,10670357,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fayr,"Kill hitler with a talking sword and a nimbat. -  10/10Seriously, this game is amazing. It has beautiful graphics, a responsive combat system, and a great story. The main storyline feels a bit short compared to other games but it's actually pretty lengthy since only one person made it. There's a lot of hidden treasure and some require backtracking after obtaining new abilities. Combat system is awesome. I had the best feeling ever when I mastered the combo to repeatedly slam a monster into the ground over and over until it died. There's a few feely moments throughout the game. Ending was great and concluded the story like its supposed to (but that means it doesn't leave room for a possible sequel :[ ). Once I got the game, I couldn't play any other game until I finished it. I still can't believe this was made by one guy. Hella good game; buy it."
,Recommended,236090,10946066,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Enzo,"So far zo good, really enjoying it!"
76561198046839830,Recommended,236090,10689865,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,anikifox,I want to bone everyone in this game like the furry trash I am 10/10
,Recommended,236090,11074009,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Driezel the Wolf,"A beautiful, heart-breaking epic. I love the hand-painted art style and would buy it for that alone. But it offers an emmersive storyline and superbly satisfying combat mechanics to boot.You play as Dust; a warrior who suffers memory loss, who is awoken by a possessed, talking sword, Arrah, who is quickly followed by it's flying, furry gaurdian, Fidget. Your adventure to recover your memory and take down a great evil takes you from biome to biome, presenting you with beautiful scenes and plenty of side-quests. Definetly worth every penny.Breath-taking. I love no game as much. 10/10"
76561198042465052,Recommended,236090,7906968,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ears14U,"★★★★☆This is actually a really good game. So far into it of nearly 2 hours, and the gameplay is flawless. The graphics are superb with a pastel type background that is an absolute eye-candy fest. While the storyline seems cartoonish with the voice acting pretty good, you're soothingly lulled with a very good atmospheric background of music. The controls using an XBox 360 gamepad are very responsive while your character moves with good fluidity. If you're a fan of action RPG's, then I would highly suggest picking this one up. It works great on my rig running Win 7 64bit."
,Recommended,236090,1305948,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"Dust: An Elysian Tail presents the player to a backdrop of well-rounded characters, a story with meaning, gorgeous visuals, suberb voicing, an excellent soundtrack, and a smooth combat system built for easy access. Dust is an entertaining action/adventure platformer with room to grow, but in this current installment, it hits all points of interest with easy precision."
,Recommended,236090,8417151,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KazeRFL,"I love metroidvania games, so i having a blast playing this."
,Recommended,236090,13263288,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Valerie,furrys
76561198042939788,Recommended,236090,15052199,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lenikus-9T,"Nice Soundtrack, pretty much addictive gameplay, and Fidget is the most adorable of sidekicks. Ever."
76561198048038470,Recommended,236090,18342992,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Johnny,"One of the best games I've played so far. The artstyle is beautiful, same with story and gameplay.. Anyone who likes 2D games, where you just mash buttons and slaughter every monster that's in your way does nothing wrong with buying this one. And on top of that, you also get a really interesting and exciting story! 10/10!!"
,Recommended,236090,20219754,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CynaMel,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a brillant little gem in my library mainly because of its unique characters,gameplay and art.Pros:+Art design is beautiful on EVERYTHING and EVERYWHERE and level design is sometimes challegning too.+All Likeable Characters(with great voice acting) almost each one having a backstory/Side mission.+Gameplay mechanics: Its not just about button mashing if you want to look cool.+A Unique Plot: Play it to know it.+Simple inventory management and easy crafting mechanics.+Although it has very few combos,it never felt repeatitive especially when the combo meter is showing 200+ hits+Even Side Missions are interesting and rewards handsomely(so its always worth doing,wow right?)Cons:-Leveling System: Takes a lot of grinding(but it pays off)-Boss battles gave me less trouble than the normal minion enemies.I started on Tough difficulty,so enemies hit hard. I have no idea how to complete the 1000 combo hit mission. A 1000 HITS!!Overall 10/10. Recommended, especially if on a sale.GAMEPAD HIGHLY RECOMMEDEDEdit : finished the game.....desperately needs a sequel. The Saga must Continue!!!"
,Recommended,236090,23905777,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,「V E L V E T F E Z」,"I don't play a lot of Metroidvania games, but I fell in love with this game the second I started playing it. It looks abolsteuly gorgeous, and  the combat is simple, yet has enough flexibility to pull off and rack crazy combos. The RPG elements are solid and although there is crafting, I personally didn't use it all that much. The music, good LORD, the music is so incredible. Everything about this game is so wonderful and well-paced. The story is gripping with a large cast of interesting characters who give you solid side quests to flesh out the lore. Not to mention there's lots to explore and find in the world of Dust. You will definitely find a lot of replay value here.  Simply put, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fantastic title."
,Recommended,236090,17895733,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cooty,"A very beautifull story with action,drama and of course humor.+The characters are super cute.+The story is interesting.+The music is amazing.10/10"
76561198064474114,Recommended,236090,7888472,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,supergamewizard,sogud
76561198056416733,Recommended,236090,20800716,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,dynastystar,One of my favorite games of all time. 100% Recommend if you're not offended by anthromorphic characters.
,Recommended,236090,11814355,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,LiftyShifty,10/10would yiff again...
,Recommended,236090,11965088,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,AftieL^♡^KuroKy,Oh I love this DUst and Fidget the Guardian of Ahrah <3 I haven't played like this very nice game with cute animations for so long. I give 100% <3 :P
,Recommended,236090,7991575,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,redeem4,"Would you like a game that is a more light-hearted version of the Metroidvania series of games with more of an emphasis on  fighting and combos? Well that's pretty much exactly what this game is and it is done very well. It also has a relatively interesting anime-esque storyline which starts off a bit slow, but gradually gets better as you progress and the game even goes out of its way and voicing every single sidequest in the game to actually make you feel that what your doing is somewhat important rather than just feeling entirely like a fetch quest mission and the like.Definitely recommended unless you detest anime in which I could see you quitting from the opening cutscene and voice acting alone."
,Recommended,236090,7888748,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Alpha 001,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a game that rivals many others on the premise of Fantasy. From your awakening in a peaceful, wonderous Glade near an incandescent lake, to a fiery clamactic battle in the mouth of a volcano, this game takes you on the purest form of an adventure. I often found myself standing still for far too long, just so I could take in the breath-taking beauty that the world of Elysium has to offer. This game shows you vibrantly colorful forests that make your eyes widen in sheer awe, to the gloomy atmosphere of an abandoned graveyard that shows you the darker side of adventure. This game's atmosphere is almost enough in itself to get anyone to buy this game.Another great thing about this game is the combat system. The fight mechanics seem to just flow through the screen, often times ending in a flury of light and sparks as Dust fights his way through scores upon scores of foes. Combos seem to easily climb into the hundreds as you progress through the game and into the harder difficulties, and the fighting becomes even more rigirous. Though the combat controls work perfectly fine on the keyboard, they were intended for a game pad (XBox controller) and play best on one, but you do not need to fret if you don't have one because it is still very much playable without one. The only real downside to the combat is the variety of the moves you can do. While the moves you have in the game are very impressive, they do get a bit bland after a while due to their familiarity. But nonetheless, it is still a great fighing system.Then there is the subject of the story. Without wishing to reveal much of the story to those who have yet to play it, it is indeed a very in-depth story. Leading you down dead-ends only for the ends to fracture into routes to other ends, it is a story that keeps you on your toes until the very end. The story is unpredictable due to the unknown nature of how things work in this world. It is wonderful yes, but it is also rather saddening, as the environments seem to complement it. Both story and scenery start off bright and beautiful, and end in despair and rather darkly.The only truly weak point that this game has to offer is the difficuly aspect of it. If you play it on the easiest or normal difficulties, expect to be able to almost walk through hordes of enemies almost completely unscathed. The boss battles are also rather dissapointing to fight, some of which can last mere seconds if you know how move Dust around to the screen correctly. The familiarity of the moves in the combat system also come into play in regards to difficulty, because once you know how and when to use a move, you can easily slaughter whatever lies ahead of you without breaking a sweat. Though the difficulty problem can be countered by playing on the hardest difficulties this game has to offer, it is still a rather easy game to beat.In short, Dust: An Elysian Tail, while not a perfect game, is a great game to play and enjoy. It's strengths far out-weight it's weaknesses, and it's increadible atmosphere make it a wonderful game to play and a great fantasy adventure to enjoy...."
,Recommended,236090,7979514,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Anora Peart,Great game has a great sory line and ezy to play youl get into quite quick and not want to stop till its done just for the shere fact f the storry
76561198045962509,Recommended,236090,8243084,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Majickmanbob,"Dust does a wonderful job of telling a story. The story, at times sad, at times hilarious, is a great one. It is well put together and very pretty to look at. The soundtrack, while not super amazeballs on its own, fits perfectly when it needs to. Invoking adventure, anxiety, excitement, and sorrow in the player.The combat is fluid and fairly intuitive, using directions and three different forms of attacks. It is short, taking around 15 hours to 100%, with next to no replayability but those 15 hours were well spent. Any decent sale makes this game well worth the buy.You will finish this game with a smile on your face."
,Recommended,236090,8375767,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TwistedLogic,"Brilliant story telling, loveable characters and great humor make this game easy to pick up, but difficult to put down. The character Fidget is reason enough to keep playing, but the gameplay is smooth and rewards skillful play. Some might be put off because it is a side scroller, but I would say definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,236090,274627,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Mayheim,"Great game about a bunch of furry OCs. If you can see past that, it offers some fun combat, albeit not a terrible amount of depth. If you plan to play on the highest difficulty, expect some poor balance. (i.e. raising your HP pool actually makes you easier to kill)"
,Recommended,236090,18110574,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Anh Alexander,"7/10 - Very enjoyable and beautiful.  A bit on the easy side though, I would recommend ""Tough"" difficulty"
76561198018443943,Recommended,236090,14989304,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raziel,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fantastyic beat'em all that draws inspiration from the great Muramasa.  This game has everything that a player looks for in a video game:  poetry, wonder, quality gameplay, smart ideas and fantastic implementation, powerful sensations and great pleasure/satisfaction.  I strongly recommend this game for the following reasons:Pros:+ Both an enchanting and brutal environment/story.+ A magnificient artistic direction.+ A speedy and nervous gameplay.+ Over 10 hours to finish the game.+ A good soundtrack+ A low price for the quality of the game.  Seriously, there are some garbage games out there for $49+.Cons or Tips:+ Start with higher difficulty if you want a serious challenge.+ Combos could have been made more complex.+ I loved the game so much that I didn't want to finish it.  I didn't want the story to end...  And that's a mark of an outstanding artwork.Verdict: A+"
,Recommended,236090,15336985,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Pyrokosus,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a metroidvania hack n' slash beat 'em up kinda game. The fact that it has anthromorphic characters might throw some people off (I was for awhile), but its never something that gets shoved in your face. You could sub out the more human characters with actual humans and the effect would be the same.Things I liked:-Dust's movement and combat feel very fluid and enjoyable.-The Dust Storm/Fidget combo spells feel very satisfying overall.-The map is sectioned into areas represented by squares which don't give any details about the area, but show where there are still secrets to be found making finding them less of a hassle without taking away all of the challenge.-The environments are all very beautifully done.-The ability to purchase any material from the shop after you give one to the shopkeep makes crafting much less of a chore.-The music and voice acting is generally pretty well done.-Boss Fights require some degree of planning outside of mash the attack button until they die.Things I found meh (nitpicks):-Most of the NPCs have the same animations. Also they all share a total of two idle animations which can be distracting.-Money became a huge non-issue very quickly, meaning there wasn't a lot stopping me from just loading out on health items to beat the game.Things I didn't like:-The art for the characters during cutscenes (especially around the end) seem to be of lower quality compared to the art in the rest of the game.-...That's about it.Fidget:Deserves a seperate mention as this could make or break the game for some people. Fidget is a Navi-style companion who follows you around and acts as comic relief. I personally very much enjoyed her quips, references to other games and fourth wall breaking, but I can see how she might annoy some.As a final note, it needs to be said that this game (Other than the voice acting and music) was worked on by one man for his daughter.  So the few issues I had with it are understandable. All in all, it was a short game, but it lasted as long as it needed to. If you want a short metroidvania style game with amazing artwork, then I highly recommend this title."
76561197970492211,Recommended,236090,18074546,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Taerinshar,Excellent side-scroller game with gorgeous art and surprisingly addictive music/gameplay.
,Recommended,236090,14276562,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sucky☆Engy,"Just a beautiful piece, and made by 1 person (Dean Dodrill) for 3.5 years when he intended to finish this in 3.5 months.The only thing that got me heart stuck is how in the end he just dies ;-;, and how after that, I don't get to use that save to visit previous locations, meaning that if I open up the saves I would just start back at the checkpoint before General Gaius.But other than that, the entire 6 days of playtime was really enjoying, if only it had more elements from somewhere to make me wanna play it longer <3"
,Recommended,236090,13500479,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,geøstigma,"I bought it cause trailer showed some pretty interesting fighting scenes, i had no idea what i was getting myself into :)This game kept me interested form the very first frame and not once did i find it boring or repetative. Its one of those games that are easy to like and get into but hard to let go.First thing i noticed about it was the incredible and trully beautiful art style which really stands out. Every area of this game is very well done and is enriched with an AMAZING soundtrack that contributes so much to the atmosphere and overall feeling of the game world leaving you no choice but to love it.Second thing is combat which i soon realized is not exactly what i expected since i was looking for something with many, many, many moves to fight with but then again, it turned out that in this game its much more important to avoid being hit(could be due to my difficulty setting, cause i mostly go for the hardest one straight away if available) than to hit yourself. Even with few combos, this game managed to do what many games with much bigger move lists failed to and thats to make it fun, cause thats what games are all about, right? :) In addition to being fun, its also super fast and it makes you want to combo as much as possible and rewards the ones who do it with bonus XPGame also has many secrets. Some areas will be inaccessable or, more like, unreachable at first, but as you progress with the story and as Dust gains new skill, reaching those will no longer be a problem for you, while some secrets are just well hidden and require certain clues to find, so, as a completionist, i enjoyed this gameplay aspect very much.And last but not least, the story. I dont wanna spoil anything for anyone so i will just say that its pretty damn good, but it takes a while to get from intriguing to very interesting so, be patient :)If you are having second thoughts, i say go for it, theres really no reason not to like this trully amazing game that is bound to stay with you for a long time. Hope this review helpsOnly complainment i have about this Steam release is that it does not let me purchase OST! I really want this in my Steam library, Valve, plz fix"
76561198066505713,Recommended,236090,26424068,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Powa PoN3 [Tlupa♥],Awesome game I really did enjoy playing this!I immidietly felt in love with characters.I would give this game 9/10! ;)
,Recommended,236090,12766988,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sit Stay Play DEAD!,"One of the best games I ever had. It is truly EPIC. This game is full of funny moments, which are mostly provided by  a cute companion of yours. It is easy to learn how to play, so lately, you can just enjoy very nice graphics, music and flow of the story, which is a little .. I would say different than expected, but still interesting. I will never regret buying this, because this particular game got into my TOP 5 game list easily. I heartily recommend this to everyone. 10/10"
76561198037517721,Recommended,236090,12542855,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The Limper,Fantastic Game.  Buy it right now!
76561198150695598,Recommended,236090,23937182,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RazWolffang,"I don't normally like paying full price for games, but this one is 100% worth every penny. One of my favorite games. Hours of game play and good storyline."
,Recommended,236090,24102952,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,fun,"Liked it so much, I bought two."
76561198022750670,Recommended,236090,13525294,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Brightroot,10/10 would furry again
,Recommended,236090,13523740,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,benjiMeister,"In a world filled with anthropomorphic animals, that also contains normal animals, you are Dust, a guy who is either supposed to be a cat, a fox, or a wolf (I really cant tell) who wakes up without any memory and ends up being the chosen one to save the world, using a sword enchanted with the soul of a wise sounding man called Ahrah, whos being guarded by Fidget, a flying fox/cat thing who might contain part of the soul of Navi from Ocarina of Time. Stuff happens and I can't really be bothered going over the plot here.Gameplay-wise I think its the kind of game you would call 'God of War' like. You have a single button for your main attack but you can also include a second in combos. Whilst the combo attacks arent very numerous, the combat itself flows quite nicely and it's certainly feels satisfying; I especially liked Fidgets fire attack when using the 'Dust Storm'. Enemies do have some variation and different ones do respond differently to certain attacks; some need to be parried to be weakened, others might only get hit by Fidget's ranged attacks ect; I have no complaints with this part of the game. There is a level system where you can level up attack, HP, Defence, and Fidgets attack, although for me I just maxed out my attack first and that usually did it for me. The total level you can go up to in 1 stat is limited depending on how many levels you have gone up in total, and because of the level caps, you'll still get 3 stats maxed out before the cap is lifted even if you neglect one stat, like how I maxed out Attack, Defense and HP whilst leaving out Fidgets attack before the cap went. This means you're character will still end up pretty balanced for most of the game.Now for the plot and story elements... I havent finished the game so I can't speak fully for this. I was surprised at the amount of side quests there are; it makes the game feel more like an open world, which always is a surprise for me when playing 2D games. The main plot feels a little predictable so far, for example, there is one part in a cutscene that practically tells you what Dust really is (I will say though that it ended up not beingexactlythat straight forward). Its... interesting, but nothing special for me.I tell you what is special though, the voice acting. Fidget has a voice that's akin to having sandpaper shoved in my ear. Her dialogue is kind of witty at times though so I don't mind her character particuarlly much. However the voice acting for the whole game was kind of summed up when I met this guy for a side quest who had what was quite possibly the worst Irish accent I have ever heard. The voicing and dialogue are probably my biggest complaints in the game, having me skip each dialogue screen as soon as I've read the caption.However I think the game still gets a recommendation for me. The combat definitely feels good and there is plenty of depth with the variety of stat boosting items, crafting and side quests available. The art style is also fantastic, both for the characters and the environment. The story, while not really for me, I can see other people enjoying. My complaints about dialogue and voice aren't enough to completely taint the game for me. And also, anyone looking at this and thinking 'Omg what a furfag game' should probably think about whether their priorities are set straight.In summary, not fantastic, but certainly enjoyable, especially when muted!"
76561198169377666,Recommended,236090,14093343,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,jumpsuit55,"simple gameplay, doesnt get old and the sidequest are fun.  the animation is beautiful."
,Recommended,236090,15322388,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Hero,This game is just pure fun. It brings me back to the days of snes with sidescrollers with a good plot. It is however updated for todays generation. They don't make em like this anymore too much.
,Recommended,236090,15149148,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kilr'noid,"This is probebly the most beautiful, well written, amazing games I have every played hands downThis game is gorgious to look at and its style is so perfect and the fluientThe story is fantastic and written so well, you will want to keep playing to know what happens next and each character is different and insterestingThe game play is extraordenary, the combat feels good and keeps things fresh and looks so beautiful with the enemies being veried enough to keep things interestingThis game is a must buy 10/10"
76561198073498005,Recommended,236090,13245317,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Guzma,Its not even possible to describe the pure amazingness of this game.All I can say is I have never been more proud of a purchase.
,Recommended,236090,12691330,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kody,"I would tell anyone that know as a friend to play this if I were you. It has a great story, nice beat'em-up styled gameplay, and a huge amount of replay value if you enjoy finding secrets and doing sidequests.9/10 ""Amazing"""
,Recommended,236090,1795201,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,[MoS] Naelok,"A Metroidvania style game with a heavy emphasis on combat. You have a wide variety of ground and aerial combos to work with that chain together sword swipes, grabs and magical attacks seamlessly. The environments are absolutely beautiful and the story is quite well-written, with a strong character arc and  interesting antagonist. I could have done without the amnesia stuff, but the plot twists were still well explored.The main thing that would give people pause when getting this is the Disney (or let's be honest - furry) aesthetic. And I've got to say, that's a problem. The story is genuinely well-written with engaging characters, but it gets subverted by the fact that everyone is some sort of fox person. I guess the creator (it was all made by one guy) is into that♥♥♥♥♥♥or something.It is rated E though so it's not like it gets weird or anything.Anyhow, you should get this and enjoy it. It's probably the best Indie game I've played after Cave Story and Bastion. Be sure to use a controller of some sort to get those combos flowing."
76561198127080160,Recommended,236090,13065653,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TheHolyHobnob,"I've played a lot of games in the 18 years I've been alive and kicking, some good and some bad. But this game is without a doubt the absolute best I have ever played.I already own the XBLA version of the game and when I get a PS4, I plan on buying it for that console. It's that good.The story revolves around the mysterious warrior Dust and his (sometimes not so faithful) companion, Fidget the Nimbat who may I say, is the greatest companion I have ever seen with her 4th-wall breaking dialogue and the fact that she is amazingly well thought out and written (I mean really, she has a fear of heights yet she can fly. Genius). Anyways back to the story, Dust wakes up with amnesia (bit of a generic start off) and a sword is summoned to his side. The sword one of the legenday Blades Of Elysium and it's name is the Blade of Ahrah, it is also the only one that knows of him and his past so far. All of a sudden, FIdget appears and is apparently the swords guardian. She then decides to travel with Dust in his epic quest to discover his past, filled with hardship, laughs, sadness and mystery.On to the side content; there are many side quests to go through each with their own differeing difficulty level (one in particuar has you collecting materials, some are rare, most aren't. This quest because of the rarer items had took me up until I nearly beat the bloody game to compete in some occasions) There is also a side quest which is unlockable from completing this other side quest and this second one is given to you by this boy called Corbin and he wants you to get a 1000 Hit Combo (easier than it sounds, just head to the Blackmoor Mountains and use the Dust Storm and Fidget Projectile combo attack in a corner with many enemies. Make sure it is on the games difficulty is on Easy and you have no Fidget augments active for a much easier time). Enough of side quests, now onto colletibles. There are (if I remember correctly) 12 cages scattered throughout the game and they contain many beings such as Super Meat Boy, The Kid (from Bastion) and the HyperDuck Sound Studios logo made real. These cages require 4 Keys to unlock and are usually quite difficult to get to.Now for the story as a whole. The entire story from start to finish is like a really damn good Disney or Pixar film (which ever you prefer) but there are three things that makes it stand out from either of those... it's the delivery, writing and voice-acting. The story, whilst generic is delivered so well it sent chills down my spine and I genuinely felt involved in the games events. The writing will flood you with many different emotions such as sadness, anger, happiness and pity and it just doesn't stop with the twists to keep you intruiged. The voice-acting is flawless, not even IGN could fault it, this one part half-way through the game actually had me in tears (as did the ending) and I was actually frightened of Dust at the half-way point when he blames himself for the death of an innocent.So yeah, generally a perfect game... I do not think there will be one to beat it in years to come. 7.8, not enough water................. I am SO sorry (couldn't resist)In all seriousness I give it 100%, 5 Stars, 10/10 max whatever rating system you can find or think of (and this rating comes from a highly cynical 18 year old male)Stay classy folks"
,Recommended,236090,12606152,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Bootrick,"This game isn't extremely different or special. However, it's ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. Story, awesome; gameplay, fantastic; artwork, gorgeous; overall SO GOOD! Love it."
76561198133734418,Recommended,236090,22629562,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Macbkilla99,10/10
,Recommended,236090,16461968,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaeri,"This game was quite the adventure, an adventure to get to know yourself.But not just yourself as the character, but as the player, conquering your inner demons and finally knowing your own persona better.And so, as my last thought after going through this adventure, i have one last feeling inside meTHAT GAME WAS FURRY AS ♥♥♥♥I quit/unistall"
,Recommended,236090,360241,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Yuno,OMG THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME!Buy it when its on sale but its easily worth the 14 bucks ! awesome 10/10*sniff* maybe its too short.
76561198263551358,Recommended,236090,31709557,Posted: 12 May,all,[DFS] 『Person』,its pretty freakin good boi.buy it.also it may make you feel things
,Recommended,236090,1544252,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"If you've ever played the PS2 game Odin Sphere, this is a LOT like that. If you haven't, Odin Sphere is a good game. So is this.Gameplay: RadDevil May Cry-inspired combo-based buttonmash combat in a sidescrolling beat-em-up world.Writing: DeceSome funny jokes and references. Nothing embarrassingly bad.Graphics: Rad / BadVery pretty backgrounds, solid monster art, HILARIOUSLY awful character portraits. I have no idea where those came from, everything else is good.Sound: DeceSome voice acting is good, some is pretty bad. The music and sound effects are just fine.One last thing to note: I was expecting the sidekick character to be an extremely annoying ""wacky/cute"" archetype, but she's actually pretty endearing if you just let down your jaded, cynical, sidekick-hating front."
,Recommended,236090,3692589,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Dadmiral,"To be more succinct than my usual recommendations so you can hurry up and buy this while it's on sale...If you're a fan of beautiful animation or fantastic gameplay or awesome stylized action or platformers or RPGs or great storytelling, or if you just plain like to HAVE FUN, or any or all of the above, buy this game. Now. You won't regret it.That is unless you harbor some seriously ardent disdain for furries, but if that really keeps you from playing then it's your loss."
76561198014703938,Recommended,236090,26202467,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lord Bronas,wtf I love furries now
76561198018953177,Recommended,236090,26306504,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Phantasmagoria,This game is the reason why my friends bully me.10/10 it's furrytastic
,Recommended,236090,29541843,Posted: 28 January,all,Neidrocas,"MARAVILHOSO, PERFEITO, TD DE BOM <3"
,Recommended,236090,13532337,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sweet-Tea,I sometimes think this game was only made for the furry fanart..... I'm not complaining either way.
,Recommended,236090,14414808,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,【=◈︿◈=】| Derpy Hooves,IF YOU LIKE :-FURRY-AMAIZING STORY-ADORABLE FURRY CHARACTERS-RPG Games-SWORD GAMES-& BADASS MAIN CHARACTER???????????????????????????Well.....this GAME gud for you :3Because.......i like it....lelDefinitely gonna Install it again69/1For this game........
,Recommended,236090,32939547,Posted: 28 June,all,DanXL,I'm furry and gay now9/11 -IGN
,Recommended,236090,1214802,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Canti,"Although far too easy, the combat is very satisfying and isn't bogged down with too many complicated combos. There are tons of secrets, challenges and side quests to do as well as the main game.Presentation is a little hit and miss, it has some nice visuals for a sidescroller and a good soundtrack, a few tracks of which are especially excellent. The voice acting is also varied in its quality, some characters are just embarrassingly badly voiced but most are fine.Most impressive is that it was made by just one guy and everything is hand-drawn, a lot of time and effort went into this so if you want to show some indie love, there's no better way than to buy this game."
,Recommended,236090,16702747,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,sarysa,"I found this one to be incredibly enjoyable. The plot was pretty decent, the cliche annoying tagalong managed to become less annoying over time and even endearing sometimes, but without spoiling too much, the hero's origin story and relationship with the heroes and villains are pretty close to unique. That's saying a lot, coming from a reviewer with a cynical troper mentality.But what really stood out is the gameplay, particularly the play control. The controls are perfectly responsive. The overall experience might be described as a speedrunner and sequence breaker's dream. You get a number of moves you can execute which makes this game really seem like a beat-em up with Metroidvania elements, but the Dust Storm ability is special because it tracks enemies at a distance and propels you at much faster speeds. You can use this to quickly skip through screens you've already completed, or even fly in the air to reach areas you couldn't before -- occasionally it'll even let you get some optional equipment early. I've played some similar genre games where your character is less capable than you are in real life, and to step into the shoes of this superhero whose controls are fluid and intuitive is like floating on a cloud.The other thing they got right is what's effectively an anti-farming mechanic. There's a crafting system, it requires X number of random drops to craft weapons and armor. However, all you need to do is sell one of an ingredient type and the shopkeeper will continue to stock this ingredient on regular intervals. (something like 5 or 10 minutes) So over time, you can get the equipment you want without mindlessly grinding for it.The downsides to this game are few. The bosses are weak, often weaker than the monsters leading up to them. (i.e. the first boss won't kill you, but those slithering eye/tentacle eldritch abominations that dot the roads leading up to him probably will) The difficulty in general is going to be a bit lower than you typically play on, so you might want to increase it by one level if it's your first playthrough. The parry enemies (giants, aforementioned abominations, and giant ogres) are by far the most difficult, but everything else is embarrassingly easy. The game itself gets easier over time (aka ""reverse difficulty"") mainly due to the regen attribute that all late-game armors have. The only other complaint is near the end, it's almost impossible to distinguish the enemies from other background elements in that area. Also, completionist nerds like myself might be bothered by the the fact that 100% completion is actually a higher percentage when viewing your save. (like 108% or something)But these complaints are very minor. Most of this game was made by one person in 3.5 years. I say: 3.5 years well spent. I look forward to your next game."
,Recommended,236090,8583648,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Spanky,Is very gud0/10jk10/10 but no is good
,Recommended,236090,8186527,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,『qig』,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fast-paced action platformer with some light Metroidvania elements. The game tells the story of an amnesiac known as Dust and his journey to figure out his past. Along the way he'll have to save various people and help out villagers. It's not the most unique storyline out there, and it's quite predictable for the most part. The game has full voice-acting, of mixed quality. You can tell that these weren't actors all from the same studio as the quality between character can differ greatly. There's some good voice acting, some bad voice acting and some that's in between, though I have to give credit for an indie game like this to even have full voice acting.Gameplay is where Dust truly shines. Like I mentioned earlier, this is an action platformer. You'll explore a variety of unique locales and fight hordes of enemies. Combat is easy to learn, with a fair amount of depth to it. Dust himself can slash enemies with his sword, and there's a fair bit of combos you can create. However, the unique part of the combat comes from the game's secondary character, Fidget. Fidget has the ability to shoot various projectiles, which when combined with the dust storm technique creates devastating combos. It's a fast, satisfying system and I had tons of fun trying to rack up high combos.There's some light RPG elements as well, you'll level up and put allocate points into stats such as HP and DEF as well as equipping various pieces of armor. These elements accomplish their job decently enough, but I wish the equipment you crafted and found throughout the game was a bit more unique. As you go through the game, the equipment you find in the latter portions is almost always strictly better than what you had before, there's no equipment with unique modifiers or properties to encourage different playstyles, which I feel would fit nicely with the game.Exploration wise, the game takes it's inspiration from Metroidvania titles, though I'd be hard pressed to call it a Metroidvania. For the most part, you'll explore an area, which usually involves a combination of platforming and combat challenges. These areas are mostly linear, with the occasional secret that requires a power you'll get later. There's a couple of towns in the game as well, with NPCs that will give you quests. These quests range from fetch-quests, to ones that will require the player to fully search out and explore an area for their hidden secrets. The sidequests provide a fun diversion from the main quest, and I enjoyed completing them all.Graphically, the game is beautiful. The backgrounds are gorgeous, and everything is animated spectacularly and while the anthropomorphic character designs won't appeal to everyone, it's hard to say that the technical aspects about them are badMusically, there's nothing too standout, sans one or two songs throughout the game, but everything fits the game well.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for an action platformer to play"
,Recommended,236090,20050643,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,43Dark_Nero,"This game, is so good.Like. You need this.Beautiful music,great characters,FIDGET.Fighting is nice.Loved it."
,Recommended,236090,14195114,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Shampuck,"Such an awesome, awesome game. Kudos to Dean and thank you very much for this game. Been a long time since I enjoyed a game for the sheer joy and atmosphere it has :} The OST is great too!"
,Recommended,236090,13031262,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,>Gets Cash,"Quite frankly, this game was beautiful."
,Recommended,236090,19465639,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Fighting platform metroidvania side scrolling game. (And button masher),First thing first, if you are a furry, you MUST PLAY this game. (Otherwise your not a true furry)Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a difficulty settings.You are able to play this game with a Xbox controller.There is Vibration on the controller. :D!!!! (You are able to toggle this)A big manual about the gameplay and mechanics. Even an introduction about anything.There are some different resolution sizes available.You are able to play in fullscreen or windowed mode.There is colorblind mode.You are able to change the sound volume by 10% everytime.You are able to change the music volume by 10% everytime.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard and mouse.There are many different profile slots available.About the game.Once you are leveled up, you will get 1 gem which is the same as 1 skill point. You can put a skill point into , More damage, More Health, More Armor or more Fidget(companion) damageThere are Save stations (Like in castlevania and Metroid), however they will not refill your HP if you are playing on the highest dificulty. The inventory/map/character screen/pause screen - is like from Legend of zelda, if you open the inventory there you are able to scroll to left and right to the different tabs. This is the same here. You can't leave the screen if the enemies are too close to you. (probaly to prevent cheating or escaping) There is a  ""Hit/combo chain"" Which means, you have to hit enemies as much and fast as possible to get this higher.If you stop or u take damage the chain will break. Taking damage will break the link and the extra bonus experience you will receive from it will be lost.  Dead enemies will respawn back on their orginial locations once you are off screen and moved onto a different area.There is a level system and you are able to level up.You have a map (like Castlevania/Metroid).The game has text and the text is fully voiced over.There is a decently good Storyline!Music is quite interesting and very good aswell.Enemies will have a health bar below the sprite/character.Ingame Inventory menu style is the same as from Legend of Zelda.From time to time, The weather changes, and the weather effects are very well done!The graphics are very nicely done and so are the Animations of the characters.Save Stations.Fighting animation is very nicely done. Basically every animation so far in this game is very well done.There are collectables in the game and % based game. (like Explored 59% of this, found 35% of this etc)Other things.The item ""louta nut"", reminds me from ""Deku Nut"" from Legend of zelda, however ur going to eat this to restore some Health.EDIT: It has Resident Evil 4 reference with the merchant.EDIT: It has Meatboy..-------------------I Give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,18087752,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Wolfiieee Phantomhive,"Yes. Just yes. By far the best game I've actually played in general in a long time. Combat flows perfectly with everything, movement is nice and slick, graphics are just Jesus bloody Christ, everything about this game is yes."
,Recommended,236090,16871601,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Harley,"Anthropomorphic animals can be a divisive fictional device. But if we can accept cities floating in the sky and assassins who can blink themselves across high rooftops, it shouldn't be too big a stretch to invest some belief in the cat-like samurai and his talking sword in Dust: An Elysian Tail. This obvious labour of love was developed near single-handedly by Dean Dodrill, whose background as an accomplished illustrator is so enjoyably evident in this exquisite-looking action RPG.""This obvious labour of love was developed near single-handedly""Eponymous and amnesic hero, Dust is on a quest to discover his true identity and establish who is ethnically cleansing the mystical world of Falana. As Dust, you carry the sentient Blade of Ahrah, a swishy bringer-of-death given to dispensing pearls of wisdom at key points in the story. Fidget, a 'nimbat' (a flying cross between a fox and a ginger tabby) is the guardian of the sword and your diminutive companion. Disconcertingly curvaceous with an irritating voice, Fidget punctuates this otherwise solemnly-related tale with some knowing, flippant remarks that keep the cloying earnestness at bay.This port has received a lot of love, and the keyboard commands work well. WASD and space are used to move and jump, while J and K let you chain light and heavy strikes into combo streaks. L orders Fidget to throw a cluster of tiny fireballs into melee which, when combined with Dust's blade-spinning Dust Storm attack, become a blazing swarm that can sweep the screen of enemies. Dust Storm can also be used to wrangle explosive fruits and break through fragile walls, revealing secret areas or opening up paths to quest objectives. Completing quest and creating huge combo chains generates XP that lets you level up and assign a booster gem to Dust's attack power, toughness, or Fidget's spark-flinging ability.The multifarious enemy creatures infesting Falana queue-up to be dispatched through combat that feels smooth and intuitive but may be too easy for some on Normal difficulty. Bosses require a bit more finesse - parry and avoid combined with some health bar whittling from Fidget's ranged attack. Indigenous hordes of goblins and rock giants will scatter loot and crafting materials across the scenery when they die, and the drops are generous and varied enough to make crafting almost redundant. Dust can equip buff-giving items and regenerate his health with everything from apples to the fully cooked roast chickens that fall out of walls when you break them.""Drops are generous and varied enough to make crafting almost redundant.""A host of varied side quests complement the main story objectives, all of which open up different parts of the world map and provide tantalising glimpses of hidden areas that present some tricky navigational challenges. However, the game does suffer from some overly-long cutscenes which aren't entirely skip-able and frequently disrupt the immersion and the tempo. Commendably, the save system has multiple slots but the in-game save monuments are spaced such that an unexpected death can occasionally lead to some laborious replay.Although the dialogue could use some judicious excising and the combat a bit more variation, the game rewards bold exploration with some imaginative platforming and beautiful, widely-varied environments. Never mind that on first look, Falana and its doe-eyed denizens presents like the sort of mind-numbing fodder Channel 5 screens early on a Saturday morning, this is a game with abundant cross-generational appeal. Dust: An Elysian Tail - the acceptable and furry face of fantasy violence.THE VERDICT90/100Dust: An Elysian TailHighly entertaining, substantial and a visual treat but with a slight whiff of Gorgonzola in the story department."
76561198193985830,Recommended,236090,28101339,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,El Testiculo,Anime sidescroller for furries.10/10 would masturbate to Fidget again
,Not Recommended,236090,28810538,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,chrisac33,"Dust has great music and sound effects and is a beautiful game. However, the combat, lack of various enemies, low difficulty and weird inventory management system made me loss interest in this game.If you want a great game that's similar to this, go play Ori and the Blind Forest"
,Recommended,236090,11130418,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SLEVEN,"Upon completing the game in about 70 hours or so on its hardest difficually. It gave me a fair and just battle through the entire game. After going through countless waves upon waves of enemies, improving my abilities and skills therein I was overcoming obstacles left and right while upgrading my character to his peak conditions. Now a few things I gotta say for prase and complaints.1. The game pulls off a very tough challenge in its battles where every boss or major enemy appears in a specific battle arena. You have to be observant while fighting these enemies and plan your means of attack. Esp. on the Toughest challenge mode. I cannot stress how satisfying this game is with how it brought out in battling hordes of enemies without slowdown at all!2. The Story is simple. Filled with rememberable characters. Though if I had to say a bit more with this short game it is all focused onto your main character. Nothing more. Sure you may do some side quest to help some of the worlds citizens to collect something here and there. But more or less it is fun and enjoyable experince.3. The time spent into this game is mostly grinding and Exploration because of my playthrough I was stupid (smart?) enough to play my first playthrough on the toughest setting. I died countless upon countless of times and over and over again I had to see the loading game screen. There are save panels applenty and with the right equips you can overcome any challenges. Just be sure to have the reflexes.4.At the end of the game I was engrossed in the world they developed. I haven't felt this way since well... Sonic the Hedgehog started development. There is always a hankering inside my mind that this isn't the end. No it is just the beginning of great things to come. If there was a prequal or a sequal to this game. My bet is that it will be day one purchase! Just make the game a bit more.....Substancial and more understanding. That is all! Props to the creators for this wonderful game!From Harvey Storm AKA Sleven"
,Recommended,236090,2243133,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Anowi,꽤 괜찮은 액션 게임동화풍의 그래픽에 타격감도 수준급이다.조금은 식상한 스토리와 단조로운 전투는 단점한번쯤 해볼만 하다추천~
,Recommended,236090,7900148,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mr Perfect Loser,Excellent little RPG game. Very simply to play and full of action. Totally worth the money~!
76561197999318716,Recommended,236090,16484165,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SCorinth,"If you just want to know whether you should buy this game, all you need to read is the next sentence:If you're up for a relatively light-hearted and ""cute"" fantasy hack-and-slash, BUY THIS GAME. BUY THIS, BUY THIS, BUY THIS.If you're not convinced and need details, well, okay. I avoided buying this game for a long time because it's definitely not the kind of game I usually go for, but I kept hearing about how good it is - in really nonspecific terms. So I bought it in the most recent summer sale and it's blown me away. Dust: An Elysian Tail is really good, but the thing is, it's really good because of reasons that are difficult to put into words. Now I know why everybody was so vague about why it's good.The closest I think I can say is ""Every individual part of the game - the sound design, the art, the combat mechanics, and so on - are 'okay' to 'very good,' but they work together so well that the game taken as a whole is more than the sum of its parts.""That's not to say it's perfect. The voice acting in particular keeps getting my attention, and not in a positive way. Meanwhile, the dodging and parrying combat mechanics are slightly clunky - or at least, poorly explained. But seriously, the rest of the game more than makes up for these faults. The story, the art and sound, and, yes, even the ""furry"" character designs pull me into the earnest and innocent fantasy world that serves as a refreshing counterpoint to the ""big-headed child loses their innocence in a big, dark world"" indie RPG/adventure games that are so common these days."
,Recommended,236090,17070416,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ReubuxxInc,"there is little i can say abot this game, as i ran out of words earlier. great art style, nice story, fluent combat, secrets, this game kept me hooked for a good while. would recommend to anyone who likes mashing buttons to kill things and people who like a good story."
,Recommended,236090,17382947,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Wamen,"I have played several hours of this game and there is still so much more story to unfold! This game is amazing, looks beautiful, and just runs so well! 10/10 for everything, this game was so worth my money. :) Definitely reccomend this to any gamer."
76561198131717020,Recommended,236090,16612720,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jimels,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
76561198145604972,Recommended,236090,16634507,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,loader963,Loved the whole game. Needs a @#$% sequal though....
,Recommended,236090,16743070,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,UserUnknown,"One of the best indie games i've ever played, extremely compelling and i'm probably gonna have multiple playthroughs of it. You owe it to yourself to pick up this game if you are a fan of metroidvania or platformer games, hell, just video games in general."
,Recommended,236090,16814330,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Cheraphy,"It's like a furry majored in Shonen anime tropes, and this was his master's thesis.11/10, would yiff again(ignore the plot and dialog and it's actually fun)"
76561197982086021,Recommended,236090,16864909,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,-=ARP=- Erebus,"Fun game, if somewhat easy.  I thought the visuals were very pretty."
,Recommended,236090,16937356,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Neko-Nya~!,"The game is not bad; Would be a steal if you bought it during a sale.The game works well with keyboard and mouse as well as controller. One advise, you parry by holding attack and not timing the attack.The combat is easy to pickup and the story is not bad. There is some platforming involved.Spoiler/Note for Achievement:There are 2 achievements for ""ivy"" quest. Remember to save before selecting options."
,Recommended,236090,16941770,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Furyous,I don't normally like indie platformer but this game is different and it is really beautiful and combat is really fun. It is impressive more so that every character has voice acting. I love the game and would recommend anyone in a heartbeat.
76561198028656541,Recommended,236090,16949007,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Xarai,Amazing game 10/10. I wish for a sequel!
76561198063294861,Recommended,236090,16975892,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Yōguruto 33% ヨーグルト,"What a great game! Quite honestly, I usually am quite disappointed by the ending of most games' stories, but not this one. You stick to it to the very end, and you never seem to lack the motivation to go on. And you get rewarded, the ending is, to say the least, touching and epic at the same time.Pros:- complex but at the same time easy to follow story that doesnt leave you bored at any moment.- very appealing character development - visually no less then dramaturgically speaking- huge world (for a game this size): lots of secrets to discover, always challenging, never unfair- quite challenging plattforming, at some points you might get a little frustrated, when spikes or spitting shrooms kill you with two hits on higher difficulties. but thats what I play plattformers for, after all- good game pace- sweet eastereggs- I didnt find a single bug throughout the whole game!Cons:- It takes you maximum 20h to unlock everything, so it's quite short- fighting sequences are a little bit repetitive, still not enough to get you bored - the animations are cool enoughResume: It's a short game but worth every penny. Play it"
76561198153698287,Recommended,236090,17059052,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hershey,Good game but boss battle sucks.
,Recommended,236090,17364262,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Frigid Predator,A really fun and well executed game. Beautiful game and a mediocre fighting system. I'd recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,236090,8541880,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kira~♥,Awesome! :P Just go for it! I promise it will be fun to play :3
,Recommended,236090,7892162,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cyka McBlyat,Behold!  The work of one who consorts with beasts!
76561198055531472,Recommended,236090,16462778,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SugaRogue,"This game is a beautiful, must own game, and one of the favorites that I own in my fairly vast steam library honestly. It's a majestic labor of love from a clearly amazing man. There is just nothing I can say that will do this game justice, but it is an exp that I think everyone should have."
,Recommended,236090,9002251,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,KittenBurglar,what if deviantart made a video game?
,Recommended,236090,9025943,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mr. Happy Face,Dissapointing.10/10
76561198094853046,Recommended,236090,7904739,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,hgarciatom,its mad fun :D
76561198027226961,Recommended,236090,7912377,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,JLDAGH,"Solid sidescroller with an engrossing story, good voice actors, and a very fluid combat system that is quite enjoyable to use. If you like sidescrollers at all, you will find this a very enjoyable game."
76561198053837885,Recommended,236090,8254671,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,redline010,Good game
,Recommended,236090,16712410,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Crescent Wolven,"This game is purely amazing, for an indie game it has a well made story and is highly well drawn and is highly pleasing on the eye, the combat? Simply astounding! This game deserves more attention then it has, then again furrys..To go into better detail;Pros-Fun-Fluid combat system-Good storyline-Challenging-Good music-Good character development-Awesome boss fights-Furry (for certain people)Cons-Feels-Furry (for others who don't like 'em)All in all I found this game very fun, I recommend it to those who like furries."
,Recommended,236090,7641480,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Joe Bred,"Великолепная игра.Захватывающий сюжет,начиная с знакомства с героем и заканчивая последними словами финального ролика.Прекрассные пейзажи и отличная музыка.Запоминающиеся персонажи и уместный юмор.Одним словом игра великолепна.Советую всем."
,Recommended,236090,14886755,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,🐾Peaches🐾,"It was alright. However, the one thing in this game that bothered me to no end was the awkward voice acting for Dust, which sounded like he was, throughout the whole game, sitting on a jumbo-sized Bad Dragon dild0 and rocking back and forth, like so: ""Erh. eH. Mhn. Urh. F-f-fidget -- ECKH."""
,Recommended,236090,16646862,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[WEB] Last Wolf,"dust an Elysian Tail is a game of Action role-playing game, Made for Xbox360 platforms, Playstation 4, Windowns, Linux and Mac Os. Released on August 15, 2012 by Humble Hearts.The player goes into the skin of a character who just woke up with no memories of his past, then he finds doi allies, sweet fidget which is actually a cat mix with bat (Fabcat) and Ahrah which is a sword with mystical powers .So dust and his group leave in search to discover it is definitely."
,Recommended,236090,8443993,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain Fizh ^,I don't care...Game of the year 2013This game... so good O_O
,Recommended,236090,23765675,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,hotpackguy8abs,sick a$$ game
,Recommended,236090,7837531,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,LúÇkrÌš✅,"I love this game so much! Being I'm a furry, I love the are style of this game! Easy to understand, good humor and voice acting. Story is great and is set aside from most games. Kind of a platformer I guess, but I love it so much. I fall in love with the characters, and love their personality. Worth every doller. Game looks, and sounds great, and is simple to understand."
,Recommended,236090,14174526,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Leezeebub,A truely excellent game. Everything from the art/animation to the combat and level design are all of the highest quality.If you like the genre you cant go wrong with this game.
,Recommended,236090,11096798,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Da Killah Genius,"I Give This Game a 10, It Has an Arcade-RPG Feeling to It, Its Very Enjoyable, I Will Re-Play Over Again One Day"
,Recommended,236090,19102381,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,RoseVectorBatGaming,I have to say I finally got my chance to play this masterpiece of a story. And what I am greeted to is a furry/fan dream come to light. The story so far to me is wonderful to look at. The character and main hero are a joy to know. The music is spot on wonderful and I can easily go to sleep to and the gameplay....wow now I be lying if I said the game play sucked. It is a perfect combo of hack and slash plus RPG elements that I can get behind. To those who worked on this game....good on you. And if this ending is pleasing to my eyes I dare say make a 2nd game to this unless you was not planning too. But on behave of all furry fans: thank you for this lovefest of furriness <3
,Recommended,236090,17022326,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Xanadude,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a wonderful game, that I highly recommend. There are many reasons why I think you should lay down the money to get this game, and why it is such a good game at that.The first thing you will notice when you see Dust is that the visuals are absolutely stunning. The backgrounds are brimming with color, and the foregrounds are very defined and gorgeous at the same time. And the presentation of the world and characters, while off-putting to some, are very unique and I feel fits this game great. I couldn't imagine the world in this game with humans. The architecture in every area is intriguing and very masterfully done. Also, the soundtrack in this game is very great. It is exhilirating and peaceful at the perfect moments.The gameplay in this game is top notch too. The combat is extremely fluid, and you will feel satisified chaining tons of combos together and seeing your combo meter reach the thousands. It is a little difficult in the beginning, but one complaint that I do have is that once you start buffing your character up and getting restorative items that refill your health in big chunks, the game can become very easy. You will become a god, making every enemy feel simillar, and you will zone out just killing and killing. Though, personally, I don't mind that too much. You can upgrade your character by leveling up, and you will be able to socket one Skill Gem in a slot of your choice. Your four stat options are your health, attack power, defense, and Fidget power. One detail that I really like is that the game tries to limit you from socketing Skill Gems into one catergory, as it has a limit to how many you can put into one catergory before you have to put it into others. In the game, your main sidekick along with the talking sword of the game, Ahrah, is a smal cute nimbat named Fidget. She can aid you in battle by launching all sorts of projectiles, ranging from fire pillars to chains of lightning. It can literally decimate your foes. You can also upgrade your stats by equipping armor pieces. Your armor pieces range from chestplates, to rings, pendants, and sword augments. All of these increase defense and other stats, except for the augments, which increases attack along with these other stats.When you aren't slaying a sea of enemies, you will be exploring different areas. The game is divided into a world map, in which you can enter separate areas and explore them Metroidvania style. You get a completion rate on how much you explored that area, and how many treasures you found. To open these treasure chests, you need to find Treasure Keys, which you can find in these areas or purchase from the merchant. Along with treasure chests, you can use four of these keys to open cages, where you find other characters from other indie games, such as Super Meat Boy, or Spelunky. You can revisit these characters at the Sanctuary, and along with completion, they give you a five percent health upgrade. But this wouldn't be a Metroidvania without upgrades, and happily, they are here. Some upgrades you can find are a Boost Jump, a Double Jump, and a Slide. But I have to say, most of theses are kind of lackluster. You don't get any true, unique upgrades that add to Dust's arsenal, but it is what it is. Along with these upgrades you can find Resonance Gems, which simply open up Resonance Gates of the same color. Nothing much there.The story, in my opinion, is the game's weak point. It is the cliche story of redemption, and Fidget, in my opinion, is extremely annoying. The voice work is actually really good though, and there are a few funny moments. Especially ones about hittin' sticks. But the main story is very hit or miss for me. You will start to skip the voice acting and just start reading the text, and you will start to zone out the story as well.All in all, Dust: An Elysian Tail is wonderful game from start to finish, and for fifteen bucks this game has it all. It took me around 11 hours to beat the game, but I did tons of exploring in the middle. I hope to revisit this game in the future and 100% complete it. This game is well worth the price, and I implore you to buy it now. 8/10"
76561198122943179,Recommended,236090,17118517,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Crashkirby99,This game is amazing and the grapics and gameplay are beautiful and smooth and has a good story!
,Recommended,236090,18213808,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Certified Nerd,">playing in easy mode>""tough mode can't be that bad"">have less than 20% of HP on average>dies for first time after 30 seconds of playing on tough>( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,236090,23459421,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Becks,Love this game!Great Story.Easy controls.AddictingNice artAmazing music~Would definately play again just for fun.
76561198036175019,Recommended,236090,10021710,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,REHAB.Pr,"Absolutley Stunning......Lost for words to describe this game. Its beautiful...the design, the characters, how it plays....i cannot fault this game in anyway. An absolute jem.....a must buy!!!!"
,Recommended,236090,13621392,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[Rav] Sali,"The first thing I fell in love with when I started the game was the music. The soundtrack is amazing and captures the atmosphere in each individual level very well and there were even moments when I just laid down my controller and listened to it during my playthrough.That's not to say the music is the only thing this game has going for it. For reference, I'm not that good at classic sidescrolling games like Castlevania or Metroid, but once in a while I'll take the time and learn a game like that. Dust was one of them. I played on Normal, and it felt really well balanced as it constantly challenged me more and more. The boss fights were somewhat easy, but besides them I can't complain.The art is absolutely beautiful. Backgrounds look amazing on the highest settings, the characters' movements are fluid, and the visual effects for certain moves are really nice to look at. I really loved exploring all the different areas with their unique atmospheres and themes that clearly distinguished them from one another. You never lose sight of where your characters is though, so you won't find yourself dying because of the background distracting you.Look, all I'm trying to say is, go play this game. I finished it on Normal after collecting everything there is to collect in 18 hours, so if you're less of a completionist freak you'll make it through even faster than that. It's worth playing, and while the story does have some pretty cliché moments the game makes up for it in the way it presents them. Cutscenes are beautiful hand-drawn sequences and while the voice acting is not the best I've ever heard, it certainly isn't bad either. Also it's fully voiced, so that's a thing.Play this game. Do it."
,Recommended,236090,25931293,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"Dust excels in every regard despite the garbage anime character design. It's a fun as hell Metroidvania with great exploration and fantastic, fast-paced action. How one guy created almost everything you see, hear, and play in Dust is beyond me but this game would be a classic regardless of the team size."
76561198135050963,Recommended,236090,12822435,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Shebbeh,Just plain amazing. 9/10
76561198038143963,Recommended,236090,10256505,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Archael,"So I've never written a review on here before and never planned to, but Dust: And Elysian Tail is certainly worth it.Great, fluid, and beautiful graphics mixed with very fun gameplay and a surprisingly well done story add up for this little guy EASILY being worth the $15 price tag.Buy this game, play it, love it."
,Recommended,236090,9204502,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,maddd,Отличная игра !!!
,Recommended,236090,10688559,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Vincula,Furry♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's good.
,Recommended,236090,10928385,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lvl 26 Dragonair,It is an amazing and wonderful game worth all the time i spent. From the start to the end. Definately my top 3 games. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,10946976,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drayg,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a combination of Megaman + Prince of Persia + Devil May Cry ...etc. Its really fun to play with, right after buying this game i had myself playing for a couple of hours. It gives you that 90's game feeling where it forces you to show you inner child. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,11827585,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Awoken Kojima,You play as an animal slicing other animals. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,16748600,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TinTans,"This game is so beautiful - I read that it was made by an animator turned developer and you could really tell from the get go.I loved this game and played pretty much non stop every evening from start to finish!The storyline is great and I fell in love with Fidget very easily.  I felt that she was a character that could have been made annoying but they managed to make her more lovable than anything.This is probably the first time I found myself not skipping dialogue in a game!  There was some pretty funny meta jokes that I really loved.The animation was really nice and trying to find all the secret areas was fun too.One thing I would have liked, though, would be a restart button in the arena rooms - the amount of times I screwed up at the very beginning of a challenge and then had to painstakingly go through the rest of it before I could start again!Also I felt that all the boss fights weren't too challenging, I just threw projectiles and span at them and they'd all eventually die - usually you're forced to learn a pattern of attack with them and that feels more rewarding once you defeat them after that.  Then again, I had my difficulty set to ""normal"" so maybe the hardcore or tough mode is a bit different.I liked the different projectiles too but again, it felt like I could pretty much use all of them to the same effect, if some enemies were weaker to certain projectiles, that might have been better.But despite those few points, I really loved this game - Get it if you haven't already and play it!"
,Recommended,236090,8375775,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rickert,"This game is fantastic in every aspect, my only problem was it only took me about 13 hours to roll credits, however they did leave room for a sequel in the end as they leave you with a cliff hanger. So aside from it being short it has no major downfall. The characters all interact well together and in the short time it took to beat the game, there was noticable character development which a lot of games lack. It seems far less scripted than some other games and the voice acting is superb as well. The story is very entertaining too, especailly late game when you learn more back story. However, it is not the best story ever told, but it certainly makes you want to learn more and read up on the lore. But what really sells this game is the animation and gameplay, it is phenomenal the character looks incredibly fluid while preforming an endless number of fantastic combinations of attacks. The combat system is still easy to learn though, and it's endless combinations keep it fresh until the end. Lastly, the game is basically an interactive art peice, from the landscapes to the character models, this game is beautiful. If you are a fan of metriodvania style games you will love this, it is a side scrolling masterpeice, with a good story, animation and gameplay."
,Recommended,236090,7786702,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Menthol,"I have to be honest; I’m biased towards the Platformer genre. It’s been my bread and butter since the very first days of my video gaming with the SNES. I can remember the tension of riding Minecarts in Donkey Kong Country, the sense of wonder while exploring every nook and cranny in Kirby Superstar and the badassery of fully completing Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts. It’s a genre so simple at its core that the only restriction on game quality for Platforming games is the time and care of the developers creating them. And for Dean Dodrill, who almost single-handedly created this game, you can tell that this game was made with three and a half years of his devotion.StoryThe story begins set against the backdrop of a war-torn world, where our titular character wakes up in the middle of a forest with no recollection of who he is or where he’s from. Accompanied by a sentient sword known as 'The Blade of Ahrah' providing guidance, and comic relief provided by a 'Nimbat' (imagine a bipedal cat/fox hybrid with bat wings) called Fidget, they embark on a journey across the land to learn of the monsters that ravage its towns, the ethnic cleansing of a race and their sympathizers, and where Dust himself stands between it all.CharactersAlthough the main three characters do fall into simple tropes (the amnesiac hero, the comic relief and the one who knows a lot more than they let on to), the characters do blend quite nicely most of the time, although after playing through the game you may feel that there aren't enough moments where the characters talk amongst themselves, becoming better-developed. You don't have that much of an emotional investment with the main characters when most of their dialogue seems to be reserved for progressing the plot. There's nothing like the Codec Calls from Metal Gear Solid or skits from the Tales Of series, and that's a shame since some of the most memorable conversations are from the idle chit-chat between characters. I mean, how does Dust casually carry six sheep in his inventory?Other characters in the game are well made, but most are only around for side-quests. I do feel that there really should have been more of a presence from them, but since everything in this game was made by a single person (other than voice acting, soundtrack and parts of the story), it’s impressive that these characters didn't ens up as nothing more than just a pillar of text.VisualsAll of the characters are anthropomorphic. I'm aware that some people are not too fond of this style, but personally I don't feel that it detracts from the game. The scenery across the world is visually appealing with the use of a hand-drawn art style reminiscent of traditional Disney animations of old, creating a vivid and immersive world when combined with the particle effects of the weather and Fidget’s projectiles. Designs for other races and non-playable characters in the world are creative and fitting for the environments they’re found in, although only the villagers of Aurora seem to have a greater diversity in their designs compared to others.Cutscenes are mostly hand-drawn by Dodrill himself with minor elements, such as the Blade of Ahrah, seemingly made with CGI. I have to admit, the cutscenes look like bad fan art. The quality of the in-game graphics and the up-close images used for conversations have so much more detail in comparison, making the cutscenes seem amateurish. Dodrill should have just used in-game conversations as a suitable replacement, it would also allow users to skip scenes if they desire.SoundThe soundtrack for the game was made by HyperDuck SoundWorks, who made a soundtrack so memorable that I can pinpoint the exact moment or area that each track was played in-game. Most of the soundtrack has an orchestral feel to it, with parts led by piano, strings or vocals to suit each moment of gameplay, to be more evocative to the player. It strikes a balance of nothing being too overbearing to listen to, yet nothing sounds underwhelming for the context it’s given to. Perhaps the music used for the boss fights sounds a little too much like a JRPG (excluding the final battle) and the challenge arena’s track feels inconsistent with the more noticeable use of the distortion from an electric guitar, but as a whole it does tie together quite nicely.The voice casting for each character was well thought through. Voices and mannerisms suit the design for each character extremely well, with distinct accents to differentiate between the races of the world. My only complaint with the voice acting would be for the protagonist, Dust. The voice actor, Lucien Dodge, had a raspiness in his voice that seemed unnecessary and unfitting for the design of his character. It’s nitpicking, but I can’t put aside this minor gripe of mine. I’m not too fond of the stereotypical hillbilly accent used for the villagers of Mudpot, either.Given previous experiences with small, flying and high-pitched talking support characters, it was refreshing to find Fidget’s voice and script to be some of the best on offer. Her fourth-wall breaking and interjections to Dust’s somewhat serious tone make her one of the best supporting characters I’ve seen in a very long time.GameplayThe standard difficulty is a little too easy due to the amount of loot dropped by enemies, making crafting practically redundant, while most enemies can be dispatched by spamming 'Dust Storm' combined with Fidget’s projectiles to saturate the screen. Thankfully, the difficulty does increase as you progress through the game, with some enemies requiring you to master the parry to do any effective damage against them, while others can evade and parry your melee attacks, requiring more skill from your gameplay… or abusing the Dust Storm skill since it seems to stun and launch lesser foes into the sky.The RPG elements allow you to stat for higher health, attack, defence or to multiply the damage of Fidget’s projectiles once every level. On lower difficulties, it’s possible to clear the game effortlessly by focusing on increasing Fidget’s damage to storm through the game. Higher difficulties rely more on skilful gameplay than soaking up enemy damage, making health a little more useful than defence, but still not as useful as hitting the enemies harder.Exploration in this game is very similar to the ‘Metroidvania’ style of 2D exploration, discovering and unlocking new areas by gaining more items and abilities as you progress. The use of side-quests and indicators on the map and from Fidget as to which section of the map holds hidden treasure ensures that you’ll continue to explore areas you previously passed. Only a handful of areas will require imaginative ways of reaching treasure or other hidden items, which is unfortunate, considering it would create a greater challenge for the player to use all the abilities they've learnt.Players who want more meat in their gameplay should start on the hard difficulty, with hardcore difficulty reserved for those who can perfectly time their counter attacks.Final VerdictAlthough the story is a little short and the combat can be limited to overusing a single skill, Dust: An Elysian Tail was still an enjoyable experience. Its presentation of each area of the world with the use of vibrant colours, memorable characters and an all-round enjoyable platforming experience (and hidden Indie characters to discover) makes this game worth having in your gaming library. There are some faults here and there, but nothing significant enough to be a deal breaker."
,Recommended,236090,16808775,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,CoXwag,This game is very good the game is a action RPG platformer great story fantastic control`s and music good voice acting most importantly the game is just fun Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fantastic experiencefrom beginning to end.8.5/10
,Recommended,236090,16865764,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lionarith,"Didnt play much yet but i am looking forward to finish it when i have time, it looks so beautiful."
,Recommended,236090,16866361,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,KrakkaCafe,"This game is an amazing labor of love done by one man. It's beautiful and you can tell he put his heart and soul into it. By far this is one of my favorite games of all time. Controls are well done, memorable characters, fun gameplay, and interesting things to do on the side. Don't let the furriness get to you. Under the fur is one kick♥♥♥♥♥game. Play it. Love it."
76561198094498503,Recommended,236090,18014807,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ペエレス Nanakix,An epic adventure surprising from the beginning until the very end. Must live this at least once in a lifetime !It'll show you there's still hope in video games creativity.
76561198229925884,Recommended,236090,28800370,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,noob_skillz,"THIS REALLY MADE ME WOW ON MY SEAT! AS if i'm being taken in a movie and really, really, really blown me with the story and rich wittiness! i'm not a fan of point and click and find games but man, this is something made me dragged to my childhood. it was money well spent. i assure you. haven't played much as i'm reserving this on special occassions, plus i'm waiting for the sale for the whole series to be bought. (But i guess i won't wait for sales as i know this game deserves MORE support and i would rather cash in for this unique game)nicely done story and graphics. two thumbs up!!!!"
76561198072415141,Recommended,236090,20067722,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BlitherPaladin,"Overall Dust: An Elysian Tail is a solid game. Good art style, fighting, story, quests. However this game... I had moments where I wanted to murder myself... the Trolks... those enmies... I died (no joke) 457 times to those things, been literaly stuck on some sections of the game for days.7/10 for frustration."
76561198074644085,Recommended,236090,20058574,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AfroSpaceJesus,"I didn't expect much from this game when buying it, but I must say it surprised me in the best way possible. This side-scroller was full of action, an enthralling story, many interesting side quests, and a protatagonist duo who bring back fond childhood memories of a certain Jak and Daxter or Banjo Kazooie. The graphics are great for a 2D game, and the different biomes are filled with beautiful art and unique challenges. Although it was short game, and it leaves the gamer craving a sequel of some sort, if you can find this game on sale (I bought it for $5), I implore you to go for it. You won't regret it.Thumbs up all the way."
,Recommended,236090,24229829,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Papi,It's really fun !Furry !!!
,Recommended,236090,28879298,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GG ALLIN,awesome game but fidget is incredibly annoying. most of the dialogue is annoying actually....so i end up skipping most of it just so I can get back to cuttin weird looking monsters.
76561198084477804,Recommended,236090,27536767,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Keplor,"Not only fun and great to play, but the main reason I love this game is because of the story. The story is AMAZING!!! I loved it. And for those who don't care about the story this game is still great in it's metrovania layout and amazing combat system. Really worth the buy many fun hours playing it."
,Recommended,236090,24662654,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jysus,11/10 would be a furry again
,Recommended,236090,20014963,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ShadowNexa,"Dust: An Elysian Tail Is A Fantastic Game Its Lacking it A few Areas Because Well The Whole Game Was Made By One Guy, Yes One Guy Made This Master Peace And The Game Was Hand Drawn The More You Know!PROS- The game Runs Buttery Smooth- The game Is 100% optimized towards PC gamers- A Good Indeath plot- Amazing Hand drawn Graphics- A good leveling up system- Fidget Has Great writing and is Good in battle- A big step up from Most indie game- The game has a amazing soundtrack- There Are Side Quests And Sometimes Multiple Choice events- There are many side activity to do- The Games Soundtrack Fits Every Stage (Its Fantastic)- The Characters Are Quite Lovable- Clean character models- Decent Plot Twists- Hope For Dust 2?- Cudious To Including Other Indie Titiles :)Cons-- The game is kinda short but its Made by one Guy!- The game is far too easy When On A High Level Play On a Higer difficulty- It Can get a bit repetitive- Buy The game When it Goes On Sale its usually 5-3$"
,Recommended,236090,5090764,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,UndeadWaffle101,An amazing game with an amazing storyline. I haven't beaten it yet but so far it is really good! I'm loving it so far and the fights are epic. I would strongly recommend this game for anyone looking for a good single player with wonderful sights and gameplay for their steam library.
,Recommended,236090,19171934,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,wow the best game i ever seen
76561198044972340,Recommended,236090,19228061,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Necropolis,I REALLY wish there was a maybe option for this. It went from 7 to 3 faster than SANIK DA HEGEHORGE.
,Recommended,236090,30021216,Posted: 18 February,all,Boa,there is porn of this video game
76561198072548768,Recommended,236090,13304234,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sammie,"Gameplay and storyline is pretty much straight forward, but overall still I like them both.  The backgrounds in the game is impressive. The music is also a plus to the game. And Fidget always made me go LOL during the game."
,Recommended,236090,12151434,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,DickWiggle,"This game surprisingly exceeded my expectations. I had seen it on sale a few times before and thought it looked cool but never took the plunge and actually bought it until about the third time I saw it for sale. I was glad I made that purchase. Not to say that the game was perfect in every way, but its pros DEFINITELY outweighed its cons to me.The gameplay was easy to grasp (played on a 360 controller) and felt smooth the whole time. Although there weren't a lot of combos and attacks, there were definitely different ways to chain them together to pull out some impressive moves and finishers. There's a good amount of exploration and learning new abilities will see you backtracking and finding more and more areas to explore. I'm a huge fan of soundtracks and this game absolutely delivered! The music always fit with the scenario and I found myself listening to the soundtrack itself quite often. And the story, to me, was amazing! Do not want to spoil anything so I will leave it at that.The only cons worth noting are the easy boss battles, which I've heard are a lot better when played on a higher difficulty and the occasional crashing. Concerning the crashing, and maybe this was just me, there is a way to fix it. When you run this game, Alt+Tab immediately and pull up your Processes tab in the Task Manager and Check Affinity and set it to just one core for the game. I don't know if this is a common problem, but it happened to me and it can get frustrating having your game constantly crash.Other than that, the game is awesome!"
,Recommended,236090,3446424,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Amestis,"One of the best indie beat-'em-up games out there and one of the best indie games in general. Stunning visuals, characters you'll actually care about, simple but fun and engaging gameplay, very nice story, and several homages to other games. It may lack a little bit on the sound department, with just-above-average voice acting and good but not exactly memorable soundtrack, but don't let that ruin the fun for you. Buy this game, play it, have a blast with it, and support the brilliant people behind its creation."
,Recommended,236090,28908544,Posted: 1 January,all,[Lemons] Luminight,"Got this game on a -80% sale, definietly worth it.Great story, characters, combat and visuals with awesome music.I read negative reviews where they said there was too much grinding to the game. I had to grind about 1 hour at the end of the game but that probably was because I didn't do the side-quests ( which I'll probably fix soon )The only bad thing I could say is that it's a bit short."
,Recommended,236090,32883163,Posted: 27 June,all,FLYINGPENGUIN,Very nice game!
,Recommended,236090,12703041,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ThanksObama,"It's clearly a labor of love.If you can get past the story, the voice actors, and deviantArt-tier characters--it's worth it.And Fidget, she's annoying.  Good attacks though.The game gets really, really repetitive with the monsters."
,Recommended,236090,12618533,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Xentor,"Beautiful art, great music, fun gameplay, and an interesting story.  Apart from some minor graphical glitches, I have nothing bad to say about this old school platform RPG.  Can't speak to difficulty, as I played in casual mode, but it was both exciting and relaxing at the same time.  Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,236090,602308,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Origo,"Console have Muramasa, PC only have Dust but it's awesome so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,236090,9748729,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lucifer is my master,"This game is fantastic.  I have not played a game this good and vast, that was done mostly by one person.  I played this game when it won the summer of arcade contest on XBLA and always hoped it would come to steam.  The graphics are beautiful, cutscenes were actually animated by hand and the gameplay is smooth and fun.  The combat system is very versatile as you can button mash and make progress or you can fine tune your skills and really excel.Overall this is one of my favorite games and would recommend it to anyone.  If you ever played Muramasa The Demon Blade and enjoyed it, then you will love this game.  I really hope that  there will be a sequel or more content from Dean Dodrill's Elysian universe.  He was doing a full length hand animated movie that I would love to see, but no clue if he plans to continue that project.Bottom line is buy the game."
76561197962733843,Recommended,236090,129058,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,GhostEye,"Don't let the cartoony graphics fool you, this game is massively fun to play."
,Recommended,236090,1384346,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,-HvK-bremstone,"If you liked the old school side scrollers like ninja gaiden or shatter fist, you will love this game. Its one of those few games that will keep you wanting more. The story is pretty dam decent and the graphics are lush and vibrant. I hope you guys give this game a shot. Its worth supporting, you can craft items and do crazy♥♥♥♥♥combos to get more loot and gold drops from the mobs. The game is really good and worth the cash."
,Recommended,236090,17021013,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Oberain,"This is kind of a difficult game to review as I can write a much longer list of things I disliked about the game yet still happily recommend people play it.  Considering most people just look at the little thumbs up or down button I guess this prelude doesn't much matter.First the negatives--Voice acting was generally annoying.  Most people would complain that Fidget (the ever present sidekick) was obnoxious...but she sort of grew on me as the game went on.  She had a few decent one liners that make me smile and I found myself not cringing and rushing to skip dialogue.  My main complaint was all the major male characters were overly soft spoken which caused them to feel...well just bland.  Now I'm the last person to care about machoismo but when the majority of male warrior characters have wispy frankly wimpy sounding voices it kind of gets a bit grating.  Frankly by the end of the game I wanted to slap either Dust or Gaius hoping one of them will have their balls drop and start speaking in a more commanding tone.-Pointless backtracking and treasure hunting.  To put it short every area has chests that can only be obtained through movement abilities that are received at literally the very end of the game.  Said chests contain absolutely nothing of valu e leaving me more aggrevated than rewarded for my effort.-Basic movement controls are only awarded at the 11th hour.  You don't get double jump till pretty much the last 4th of the game.  In my opinion all advanced movement controls should be handed out within the first quarter of the game leaving the other 3/4's testing your mastery of said controls by making the platforming/combat harder and harder.  This game was basically nothing but a long tutorial.-Lackluster writing fails to drive home how horrible war criminals and genocidal maniacs are.  These characters are given absolutely zero redeamable qualities and yet the game seems to try to go out if it's way to treat them as normal sane people despite Kane and Gaius have caused the death of probably millions of...uh...furry...whatevers.  The horrors of their crimes are treated in a very ""oh well la de da"" manner making the Big Bad of the game a complete joke.  Speaking of...-Final boss was too easy.  I think I was hit maybe 3 times during a 4 phase fight without even trying on hard mode. That's not skill, I was button mashing.The Positive?Well I'll just say that regardless off all my complaints it's still a fun little platformer with some decent seemingly hand drawn animation.  That's it really...I wouldn't spend more then 5 dollars on this but it's worth a try.If you like this game I would also recommend Muramasa: The Demon Blade for the Wii (Or Dolphin if you're the emulating sort)  Its a very similar game only much more difficult and fleshed out."
76561198041199475,Recommended,236090,16872187,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,◄▲ Illuminati▼ ◄,Do you like sidescrolling beatem ups? Do you like a story plot good enough to spawn a series or movie? Do you like wide arching level up system? Do you like having items in your inventory that you dont even know how to use? DO you like gorgeus art design and amazing music?THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.
,Recommended,236090,7905742,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ArchRay,"Dust is a game that will fully emerse you in a wonderful, artistic world with a thrilling story! A well loved game by me and my friends in the Furry Fandom. Im glad I bought it!"
,Recommended,236090,7896350,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lunatic,"This game is a must have for Hack´n´Slash fans. It´s not only because of the fluid fighting system, the game also has amazing visual effects and great music. And from what I´ve seen until now a good story and a mass of quests and sidequests."
,Recommended,236090,7917440,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,[ I E ] Sunny Fox,"tears of happiness and sadness~ this game just has everything, voice acting, story line, action, music..its just wow 9/10I strongly recommend this game to people who havent played a good game in a long time."
,Not Recommended,236090,26725483,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RapidGaming,"While i enjoyed most of this game, i have to say it lost its appeal rather quickly. The art is beautiful for the genre, but lacks any jaw-dropping features. most of it is quite plain. as far as combat goes, it usually Ok, but there are parts where strategy and skill just don't cut it, and you end up spamming healing items. i never completed the game, because the hack-and-slash/spam healing were getting too annoying. like i said, most of the game is good, but i wouldn't suggest it to friends.7/10 for the fun it gave me before the fun ran out"
76561198013328690,Recommended,236090,16892739,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,rasabt,"I`m not a hughe platformer-fan (anymore), thus i waited quite a long time before purchasing this game...what a shame.this is perhaps one of the best games i ever played. part rpg, part action-adventure, hack`n slay, mixed with adventure, platforming, little puzzles, beat`em up combo mechanics -> topped of with astonishing style and sound (and voice acting), a story which starts out pretty expected and turns into a sudo social commentary.must buy even if you don`t like platformers!"
,Recommended,236090,7817037,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,jaCUBE,One of the best surprises of this year. Beautifully animated and voiced game from... Microsoft! Simple but enjoyable game. Lovin' Fidget! ^^
,Recommended,236090,8372347,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Valzi,Completely tops.
76561198090581451,Recommended,236090,8384401,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Guilherme Pinheiro,"I'm the kind of person who enjoys a mix of beautiful art/design/music, good gameplay and mostly a gripping story. And ""Dust: An Alysian Tail"" has everything. To start, its art is just astonishing. Every scenario, character, monster and interactive itens (as well as your inventory with all your equipment) is gorgeous. For much time, playing many games from the present and the past, that was the first time where I would stop just to look at a floating rock or a blizzard storm. Everything fits so perfectly together with an awesome soundtrack and nice voice acting that I consider this game one of the greatest of this generation. Forget about all those 3D graphics and many polygons that we see in 'triple A' games. 2D characters and, if I'm not mistaken, hand-drawn scenarios made this game beat many others that we see in this industry.About the gameplay, the game mixes some RPGs elements (levelling up, finding itens to make better equipment, solving sidequests) with a hack-and-slash action genre very fluid and it does not get boring sice the game keeps adding features to make the combat more challenging and interesting. However, it sticks with the basic. Nothing more sofisticated. Which, in my opinion, kept Dust faster-paced.Last, I recommend playing the game at least on 'Tough' difficulty, because it is rather easy to kill the enemies since it doesn't require too much griding (keeping going back in order to get stronger). It has some environmental challenges that make some parts a little harder, but anything impossible. Everybody can play the game, from kids to adults, and everybody should. For me, the game doesn't has an replayable value, it is a game to play and enjoy the scenarios and the story together.'Dust: An Elysian Tail' is a master piece, it will keep you thrilled from the first forest to lava and snow scenarios. Play, just play. The price is great, the game is awesome and it will last in your memory for a long time."
,Recommended,236090,7785818,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jay And Problems,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beutiful game with a detailed and well thought out story. It uses a melee combat system that has a variety a attack combos and special abilities that make use of your partner character as a catalyst. And yes, if you are on a lower dificulty, you can mash the buttons and get away with it, something one of the game characters actually jokingly screams while in terror. Button Mashing may seem like a detractor, but it's a nice crutch for people less skilled with button combos, and doesn't get in the way of more skilled players on higher dificulties. Every character in the game is voiced by a dedicated voice actor, with each performance being good if not amazing. This really helps with game emersion and helps you enjoy the story even more thoroughly. Many side quests are available if you want a break from the main story and most provide a decent reward for your trouble. I found the cameos in the Baker Dozen quest to be quite interesting with all the indie game refferences, although I was a bit dissapointed that the only reward was an achivement, I was hoping for at least a cut scene of the MC interacting with them, but that's just me nitpicking.The items in the game are mostly stat boosters, with a variety of special effects and abilities, although none will change your character's apearence. There is a crafting system that is well made, with most monsters you slay dropping some kind of material, coin, or blueprint. The blueprints of an item are needed in order to make it, but slightly annoyingly each blueprint is one use only so you'll have to go hunting down for blueprints if you need to make the item again. Also crafting an item also uses coin because you're paying the blacksmith to make it for you. There are also treasure keys scattered throughout the land, with some being available through the shop(but only a limited amount). The keys are used to unlock treasure chests filled with coins, food/medicine, and sometimes a rare item/blueprint. The keys and chests  can be out in the open, or more often well hidden, so you'll want to check every nook and cranny you can. The minimap and map designate each location with a color and symbol, green meaning shop, blue meaning save point, and a large circle to designate that you have yet to find all the treasure in an area. Sometimes a special ability you have not yet learned, or a special colored gem is needed in order to access many areas, so you'll find yourself retracing your steps often in order to track down the last of the treasure and get the really rare items that give tremendous stat boosts.For a port from the Xbox LiveArcade, there is a surprising amount of Settings and Options that will satisfy any PC gamer. Screen Resolution, Sprite Quality, Resizing the HUD, even a variety of Accessibility options for color blindness and the deaf, and more. Keyboard and Mouse controls are flexible and costomizable, with the ability to designate just the Keyboard or use the Mouse too. Although I never customized my controls as I was well satisfied with the default keyboard mappings, though slightly awkward at first they are well layed out. Sadly only the Xbox360 gamepad is supported out of the box with no customizability in controls, you'll have to use Keyboard/360gamepad emulation software if you wish to use any other kind of controller.Overall, I've been extremely satisfied with this game. While some more hardcore gamers will need to run the game on it's highest dificulty in order to feel challenged, I never found myself bored. Even having to retrace my steps to track down some items and materials wasn't all that iritating. Really the most annoying part was when I needed to go onto monster slaying expiditions just so I could farm enough coin in order to buy an item from the shop, or to pay the blacksmith. Other than that I think the game is a well crafted artwork that deserves every look it can get.It's worth the $15, but if you can't justify that than get it as soon as it goes on sale, it deserves that at least."
,Recommended,236090,7836130,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Teddy,"It's a decent game, with good visuals and great voice acting.  The skills are interesting and there are areas to explore.  The characters and the story is interesting as well.  Recommended for anyone who is a RPG/Sidescroller  fan."
,Recommended,236090,7885201,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sweed,"At first Dust looks like a game born form the depts of Deviantart, and if you've seen the animated cutscenes before playing the game you can easily get the impression that this game is some badly written furry game some 13 year olds made that isn't good.Thats what I thought and oh boy was a I wrong.Dust is not only a great metroidvania-ish styled game, it's also a beautiful game to watch, granted the character designs can be hard for people that has problem with furry characters, but the backgrounds are some of the best I've ever seen in a 2D game.The gameplay is stellar, simple yet with many combos and very well implemented RPG elements makes this one of the most enjoyable combat systems I've used.The story is not that great, some lines are super cringeworthy which doesn't help when you don't have any great voice actors (or even some really bad VAs), overall the story is not great, but the gameplay makes well up for it.Also a quick note about the PC port, it's great, it has every setting you ever wanted, and it even have an option for HUD size, something even most PC only games never include.In short you should get Dust, even if you hate furries or what ever, this is a great game that you just need to play, sure the story is not great and very cringeworthy at times, but otherwise it's charming, has great combat and is just overall a great game."
76561198061018708,Recommended,236090,7945421,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,JaysCleanEar,"This game would have you fooled as it started as an Xbox arcade game with everything that seem to be perfected! The art is beautiful, the soundtracks are breathtaking, the combat is dynamic, and the story is impressive!Every voice dialect are unique and well-fitting for their characters. No different species or nearly any individuals sound the same like they all originated from one country. The story is quite pleasant to hear as it delivers drama, humor, and even tragedy. You can really connect with some characters over how well they're characterized.The combat delivers a few simple (while I might add, awesomely named) combos that can really pack a punch! Also with Fidget's abilities, you can deliver a variety of chain attacks and keep your enemies beaten to a pulp. The game also gives an interesting leveling system that does not allow to put everything to Attack only or Health without letting all the stat slots reached to their peak to unlock the next cap.And finally not to mention the platforming! Each area contains an expansive map that requires abilities that you cannot unlock until you progress the game allows you to explore for treasures, easter eggs, and new challenges!5/5 from a random stranger from Steam! Highly recommend for anyone who enjoys a action platforming game!"
76561198030170536,Recommended,236090,7953116,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FonixShield,"So.. I have the special skill to take other's mood from things.. So I can't emphasize my point enough: It's worth buying! :)Beautiful music, very good voice acting, intresting hidden areas, items you can get, unique levels. It is anime like and furry and samurai like, exactly as it should be!! (Who doesn't like these things, why is even here?) It doesn't get boring, even though it is probably for younger players (I am 28 years old, and I liked it. :P).SPOILER:Critics:- There are obvious abilities, but you can only use them later, when you learn them.- Linear, the ending is fixed.- The ending was made to be epic. The feeling is there, but when you think about it, you see it's very unhonorable. We will never know why our old friend did what he did. He was our friend until the very end, yet we were forced to fight him (by the developers). When our enemy is down on his knees by his injuries, we are forced to hit him (otherwise the game doesn't continue). Our allies in the final fights keep butting in, making the fight very one sided.. We have also have our magic sword and our magic friend to make the final battle one sided, but you can choose not to use them, but then you have almost nothing just the simple strike mode. It's also a sad ending..But not counting the final 5 minutes (which was epic-like even so), and not counting the annoying identity crisis which was pretty much solved in me at the end, but the character somehow continued to be disturbed, it's like the conversation in his home where we figured out his identity never even happened.. So not counting these little things at the end it is a very-very good game. And I found all the secret places and friends! :P (I reached 117% with the last save, and I have maximum level. :P)So.. I have the special skill to take other's mood from things.. So I can't emphasize my point enough: It's worth buying! :)"
,Recommended,236090,7953295,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,HoundOfTindalos,"First, I imagine there's one question you may be asking about this game: ""There's anthropomorphic animals! Is this a furry game"" and I'd like to just answer that with ""No"". I asked that same question before getting it and while I can certainly see why furries would appreciate it, it is certainly not a game only furries can enjoy, and I shall tell you why.Dust is pretty much a 2D platform game with brawler elements. The artwork is absolutely superb, even down to the dialogue, where each of the character are fully animated even down to mouth movements. Also bear in mind this is an INDIE GAME, not a triple A title, made by ONE GUY. It is also fully voice acted by guest voice actors, features many side quests, secret areas to discover and several hidden cages to unlock. I won't spoil whats inside though.Another thing about this game is the optimization it has for PC. Considering this game was released on Xbox 360 initially, many people would think it's just a console port with clunky controls. Well they'd be wrong, since this game features full control remapping, UI size adjustment, different resolutions and even a colour blind mode.As for downsides, I can't really think of any. One might be the art style, I know some people might dismiss it because of that despite everything I just said, but honestly none of the characters are drawn in a way to make them fan service nor sexual in any way. TotalBiscuit said in his review that the art style is more akin to that of some Disney films feature anthropomorphic animals, and I think there are also some Anime themes in there as well. I recommend that if this review doesn't convince you, you should watch his video on Dust since that was what ultimately made me decide on getting the game. Another would be replayability. This game would likely still be fun on the second playthrough, but there a no choices really in the game up until the point I have reached so the outcomes would be the same.I'd say it is definitely worth the full price. 8/10"
76561198066028484,Recommended,236090,7989454,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Ursalvation,great game :3
76561198006667642,Recommended,236090,7990879,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Splicer-Fox,You can feel the love this game was made with.
,Recommended,236090,8062341,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Aly,"Great game. Beautiful images, good history. It really deserves a place in your game library. Problems? Just one: too small. I wanted to play more."
,Recommended,236090,7891282,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cruel Destiny,"A little short but a blast to play! The art style is superb, which is partly what drew me to the game in the first place. Combat is smooth and flashy, controller works like a charm but keyboard is perfectly fine.Worth the money I say."
,Recommended,236090,8376010,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,armen1136,"This game is probably my favorite indie game because both the story and characters are interesting. The music is beautiful and the environments are plentiful with alot of variety that keeps the game interesting, but the one thing that kept me hooked was the gameplay because of how addicting and fun it was, I would definitely play this game over again and recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,236090,7896155,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Woif the Fox,"Great game, great art style and a load of fun. With the current steam sale is a steal."
,Recommended,236090,7902197,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Thijmen,SO GOOD! Created by one guy over the course of 4 years and it is absolutely awesome. I spent like 9 hours in this game the first day I had it and i just want to keep on playing. definitely replaying this in the harder difficulties. the artstyle is georgeos and in full HD and the fighting is just splendid and the amount of content is enormous (10 hours if your not a completionist). It is simply a thrill to play.
,Recommended,236090,7999021,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,One Stand More,Panic on Funkatron meets a Link to the Past in this beautifullly animated 2d action rpg that is rounded off with a superbly acted and entertaining story.
76561198032538826,Recommended,236090,8689799,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Urban Witch,"I don't typically go out for games of this nature, and by that, I mean the 2-d sort of side-scroller.  However, I give this game props for being fairly beautiful in the design, and for the enjoyable gameplay.  I will say that it's odd, starting out overpowered, but I suppose the enemies will match up soon enough.  The characters introduced thus far are cute, and Fidget is an adorable and funny little thing."
,Recommended,236090,29368378,Posted: 19 January,all,Jrock,"I love this game, has a good back story and it's one the best title to get into RPG. Honestly, if you willing to listen to a good story and have a really good adventure mixed with easy combat and leveling system, this is for you. :3"
,Recommended,236090,29411717,Posted: 21 January,all,cstrife89,"This game is easily one of the top games in my ever-growing Steam library. The gameplay is a bit of a button-masher IMO, but you can play it with precision and execute some VERY cool, fast-paced combat moves (and generally rain death on Dust's enemies). (There are some puzzles and like segments that require more thought and precision, and those are fun too.) The story is interesting and peppered with plenty of humor (I swear, Fidget is a fountain of memes, and breaks the fourth wall into ... well, dust), drama, and both heartwarming and tear-jerking moments.Plus, the voice acting is top-notch, the music is amazing, the visuals are very pretty, the level design feels great and navigating the world doesn't grate on my nerves like in some games with Metroidvania elements. The game runs very smoothly on my seven-year-old machine running Debian testing (there's a little stuttering on my laptop, a Thinkpad X201, but not enough to frustrate me, honestly it's great that it runs that well).I will advise playing this game with a controller of some sort (I have an Xbox 360 for Windows (ha!) controller). I haven't tried playing with the keyboard, but if you aren't used to using a keyboard for combat-heavy 2D games, you'll probably struggle here without a gamepad. To the game's credit, it makes good use of the 360 controller's button layout, and playing on it feels natural after you become familiar with the button mappings.Most games, I try to plow through so I can move on to the next game (I blame my huge backlog), but this game is so fun that I'm starting to take my time to just explore and knock out some of the side quests.Put simply: give this one a go. I think you won't regret it."
76561198082185766,Recommended,236090,29599483,Posted: 30 January,all,Tekki,"Hmm... let's seeLevels are gorgeous and well structuredCombat is fluid, fast-paced, and flashyFair challenge that punishes attemtpts at mindless blade-spamCharacters are interesting and well designedAnimation is solid (lip-synching is a bit off but eh)OHMIGADFIDGETISCUTESTTHINGEVAR (not really cutest but still *squee*)Amnesia plot done rightSeriously though if you like Super Metroid/Shantae styled games and don't mind the anthro-animal cast give it a shot"
76561198086401892,Recommended,236090,28819726,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,panturu.sorin2000,"GG, but crapy ending."
76561198335290182,Recommended,236090,28986988,Posted: 3 January,all,sachaartist7,"I Love Everything about this game! EVERYTHING!!!!Definitly needs a Dust 2 game.Voice Acting , Humor, fighting moves & mechanics , items, battles, storyline, EVERYthing 5 STAR.Luv it :)"
,Recommended,236090,3402901,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,3D Roa,"Buy it. Buy it now! Money very well spent.An amazing story, with beautiful visuals imaginative and very well voice acted characters. Very solid, simple, creative, and fun combat! I didn't get tired of putting the beat down threw the whole game. Its got elements of classic Metroid style with the exploration. Some simple yet effective action RPG elements and crafting.Everywhere in this game theres attention to detail. From the imaginative characters, to the environments you'll encounter. Theres been a lot of time and heart put into this game.I played this one almost nonstop till I finished, which is a feat in its self. It really takes something special to keep me glued to the screen. An this one is a must have!Oh, did I forget to mention? This was almost entirely done by one guy?I can only imagine the headaches he went threw on this game. An I'm awe by how well polished it came out.  Mainstream Triple A games could learn a few things from this guy. Seriously."
,Recommended,236090,28745440,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tail,"This game is just awesome. Great animations, great artstyle, beautiful level design, awesome voice acting, batlles, that won't get you annoyed (without tons of combos to memorize) and unforgettable story that will always have a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,236090,4696612,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,wadledee12,"Pretty damn fun and beautiful in every sense possible, fun immerssing hack/slash combat with RPG elements, 11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,236090,15939829,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,H4x0rUsG4M3R,"A simple 15-20 hr side-scrolling action game. A Metroidvania with anthros.tl;dr review:Play it but mute the voice. Longer full review below.I initially bought it mostly because I heard it was made by one guy, and the fact I love metroid games. Well technically, this game is made by one guy + a bunch of voice actors, but it really should have been made by one guy and no voice actors. More on that later. I was rather curious seeing how a single guy could write, programme, draw/animate a game all by himself.In terms of combat and enemy variety and overall gameplay, I say this game is pretty great in that department. Dust: An Elysian tail gives you basic sword attacks like a simple side-scrolling action game, but it includes some Devil May Cry-like combos including the ability to launch enemies a helm breaker style attack an a parry system similar to like in Metal Gear Rising using holding the light attack while facing your enemy at the correct timing. The defining characteristic of the combat system is the dust storm, where dust spins his sword wildly that when combined by his little friend Fidget's elemental attacks results in a giant storm of elemental fury, projectiles flying everywhere, chain lightning, pillars of flame. My only complain is that there are only three elements, not a lot of variety there.The difficulty of the game is weird though. RPGs always come in three forms, either they start really easy and become insanely difficult in the end, forcing you to grind, or, you start hard and end the game steam rolling everything even the boss (Oh Skyrim is the biggest culprit of this). This game contains RPG levelling and one that makes the difficulty that goes easy>hard>easy. The final boss was more of an endurance run rather than an actual challenge with 4 phases which is... too long. You might say he's the final boss, it should be long, yes, but it also wasn't challenging, so I was basically waiting to win and wasn't anywhere near death or in need to use a healing item (which the game generously drops a bunch). With the large amount of enemies you fight leading up to the final boss, you're gonna overlevel, and that certainly did not help. Still, besides the final boss, the first three bosses, when you aren't actually overleveled, did in fact gave me a challenge. Thus so this is another one of those games where the final boss ends up being easier than the first. But no matter, the other bosses had clever patterns and were a decent enough challenge so I'll let that easy final boss part go and give this gameplay a 9.Combat and Gameplay 9/10Story is.... ehhh. Of course it's not Lord of the Rings, I'm not expecting an epic story, but well, forget it. The gameplay alone is good, just don't bother with the story, it's not important nor a deciding factor of buying this game.Story - whatever/10Level Design is an important thing in a metroidvania game, and overall I did not feel that this game had a very good level design. It's really straightforward, so much so it's kinda boring. The world is put together with an overworld map connecting everything, and if you ever played Castlevania: Order of Ecclessia and found how straightforward and boring the levels are, well there you go. There's not a lot of branching paths and most of the secrets are just so obvious I wouldn't even call it a secret anyway. Remember that feeling when you first broke the glass with a power bomb in super metroid? or when you discovered the area where the rain mysteriously stopping in mid air is actually an invisible floating platform? Of course, I'm not saying the game is just a straight line every level, neither was Castlevania: OoE. All I'm saying is, this game didn't give me any real sense of discovery like when I'm walking through Dracula's castle in SotN. Many of the collectibles are just in too obvious locations.On the other hand, the game does have some interesting platforming sections. Some good some bad. They're not the Tower of death level of difficulty or cleverness with moving platforms, spinning blades, spikes and medusa heads of course, but it is a good enough challenge in their own right.Level design - 7/10Sound, music is good, lots of catchy tunes but the problem is.... the voice acting... oh no... Nooo.. Just nooo............ This is why this one man game... should have remained a one man game. The voice acting is anywhere from acceptable to just plain awful. And I'm not talking about Fidget which many other reviewers seem to hate. For me, Fidget (and Dust actually) sound okay. But Ginger is bad. She's suppose to be sad and depressed as the story claims, except every time she talks, she sounds indifferent, like a robot, not giving a damn, even when a certain character supposedly died at the end, she was like ""oh no what do I do....??"". Like I said, the music, is pretty good. The voice acting? NOPE, NOPE, NOPE.Overall 8/10. A solid side scrolling action game. The Combat is awesome, the enemies and bosses are really clever. The dust storm mechanics just makes fighting in this game fun as hell. The only real downside of this game is the voice acting, and that's it."
,Recommended,236090,19084160,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,C i v i l,hella
,Recommended,236090,18081889,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,keeri,Decent platformer with nice story and artwork.
,Not Recommended,236090,24966572,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,fyjo,"I wish there is a Neutral recommendation. This game is not a bad game, but the battle is boring after a few hours. So, I'll just vote for Not Recommended.+ The story is great.+ Fidget is funny.+ Sound acting is great.However,- the best combo you can make is by mashing buttons and you'll end up flying high up in the sky every time. And after each fight, you grew bored of the unchanging battle mechanism- needs grinding for leveling and find items. I have no problem if the battle is fun, but for this game, thanks but no.I haven't finished the game yet. But I don't think I'll be finishing this one."
,Recommended,236090,10691299,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tessier-Ashpool,i want to♥♥♥♥♥inside fidget
76561198087373144,Recommended,236090,7123608,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,talking animals,A wonderful cartoony playformer that has you mowing down hords of monsters castlevainia style.With a pretty decent story to :)This is currently my fave platformer of all time. :D<3 fidget
,Recommended,236090,16463927,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Thoreaufare,Furry beat-em-up.
,Recommended,236090,33772275,Posted: 24 July,all,EightSixThree,Changing my review because this was actually a solid game. Definitely worth it and would recommend.
,Recommended,236090,4944239,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Perfectvillain,"This game blew me away, i havent beat it yet but already i am so glad i bought this game and can't wait to finish it i will likely play through it a 2nd time due to how much fun it is and how great it looks."
,Recommended,236090,635881,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,The Crystalgia Critic,"Truly, this game was an experience. I enjoyed it thoroughly, and anyone who has even a passing interest in Metroidvania-style games should pick it up. Even if you aren't all that into animal people, it's still a neat hack 'n' slash Metroidvania-style game, and in terms of the ""furry"" aspect it's very tame."
,Recommended,236090,2628777,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,EternalGoatMom「♥」,"This is a pretty good game, the in game animation and art is fantastic, it's extremely pleasing to the eye, especially the hand painted backgrounds/landscapes of the many lands you traverse.  The music is also good, it goes along with the places you are perfectly.  The gameplay is relatively easy to get the hang of but takes some time to master, that said the combat can get a bit repetitive but for this style of game it's pretty good.The story is alright, nothing too ground breaking but interesting enough to keep you going and the character art style is something you gotta get used to as it seems to be a turn off for a lot of people, I guess anime talking animal people is too much for some people.  It takes itself seriously but is pretty light hearted and knows when to joke to keep the game from being 2srs.All in all if you're a fan of Metroidvania games (Metroid and Castelvania-SOTN and after) it's a lot like those but different enough to not feel like you're just playing those and is definitely worth the time and money."
,Recommended,236090,28842734,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hi,ProsCooked chickens dropping from walls.Furries.ConsFurries.Not enough rule34 of Fidget.
,Recommended,236090,24321361,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Blaze Theil,STOP READING REVIEWS AND BUY IT ALREADY!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,236090,9033675,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,MathiasMouse,"A really Beutiful game with 20 hours of gameplay with great, even fantastic PC port. The game is so reposive to the keybord and mouse its so crazy that was an Xbox arcade title! The combat is fun and somtimes even challenging, and always at the end you are rewarded with sweet dialogue. The artsyle is great, outstanding, its a really pretty game and what if I told that one person did the programing AND artwork, that takes a lot of skill that I dont fully understand because its so hard. I played this back on the Xbox and noticed many flaws because the xbox could not handle everything but now its so flawless. To top that all they even added an RPG element of course not best one I have ever saw but it was still there. To play this you require one thing, open imagination. Thats it! Have fun! One last thing if you are clolor blind thats okay because they even have an options for you not many games have this element and its really cool to see that someone took the time put that in."
76561198208920319,Recommended,236090,28884213,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,unionlibre,Simply beautiful
,Recommended,236090,28885560,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cman2pt0,Fun hack and slash rpg side scroller
76561198056395551,Recommended,236090,28884229,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lachfleming,"Yes, with a maybe.Though it's a fun platform adventure, this game feels like a dumbed down, childish anime version of Metroid, made flashy for over stimulated kids with low attention spans. Overly simple plot and story line, which if why I think it's story is just for kids.I unfortunately played it on ""Normal"" challenge level which provided almost no challenge at all. Not needed to use any of the hundreds of healing items and revival held for the majority of the game. There was very little motivation to find all of its secrets and upgrade fully, as the character is so powerful, and leveling up happens so often. You instantly start the game with all combat abilities and the upgrades you get essentially just let you access more areas of the map and get to the next chapter of the game. I would have preferred combat start simpler and, gain moves and abilities as you developer.So if you're going to play it. Play it on Hard, or what ever the top challenge level is."
76561198036743547,Not Recommended,236090,9406551,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fellicious,"I can appreciate this game for what it is and the fact that it was made mostly by one person. But besides that it kind of sucked. The voice acting is terrible, the dialog is cheesy and the overall story is very cliche. The gameplay was fun at first but since the fighting doesn't really change from the beginning till the end it gets pretty boring and can be explioted way too easily.Also I swear the skill tree is completely pointless. You can only level up your highest levels four skill higher than your lowest level forcing you to level up your character evenly and making it impossible to make a character that specializes in one skill. And the enemies level up their defense at the same rate as you do so increasing skills like attack don't really do much. And the enemies attack levels up just as fast as yours meaning the only thing increasing your health does is to make your healing items less effective."
76561198026221093,Recommended,236090,10421248,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,FireBrand,"Very beautiful game, made by one person over the course of 4 years.  Making this was someone's dream, and it shows by oozing style.  Very fluent action helps too."
,Recommended,236090,17576911,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,An excellent RPG adventure with an actually decent story. Don't let the furry stuff put you off. This is an amazing game. 11/10 - IGN.
,Recommended,236090,2634849,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Awesome platformer right there.Looks great, plays smooth."
76561198040776446,Recommended,236090,13612842,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Uncle Stoopnixie,"Replaying this game on the ps4 made me realise that i should write a review for this game, not because it needs it but because i want to pay my respect to the person that made it, because this game was largely made by a single guy over the course of 4 years.-The gameplay-This game is a sidescrolling Beat's em all with some light metroidvania and rpg elements which mean you will learn new moves throughout the game, those moves will allow you not only to fight enemies but also to reach places that you could not reach before.The controls are responsive and fast, this makes for very fast paced combats with combos reaching sometimes the thousand of hits. It does, however, feel a little bit repetitive like most games of the same genre, the game would have benefited from a little bit more combos.Sadly the game is also too easy on Normal difficulty, i died only once on the second boss, i would recommend you play on hard from the get-go if you are an affecionado of the genre.That being said the gameplay is solid, fun and works well for the 13-14ish hours it takes to finish it(20-21 if you complete everything.)-The presentation-Dust AET is visually stunning, featuring some of the most beautiful 2D i've ever seen in any games, the animations are also really impressives, fluid and detailed.The design may not be for everyone with it's anthropomorphic cast of characters but i found them quite charming and it did not bother me in the slightest.The story is nothing groundbreaking but has the merit of being interesting and fun to follow with some strong moments here and there thanks to the duo of Fidget and Dust.The music is really good and has a few memorable themes which is quite rare nowaday in video games.I will also point out that the voice acting is very well done but only available in english.-Overall-If you don't mind the repetiveness inherent to the genre then you will find here an amazing game that is well worth the 17$ full price."
76561197977892146,Recommended,236090,13899421,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"Probably the most put-together Indie game you will ever play. Has flaws, but you can really feel the effort the producers put into it. Overall, a fair amount of fun, worth getting."
,Recommended,236090,21288122,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dérak,"I suppose after a third playthrough, the game deserves at least a positive review."
76561197999005361,Recommended,236090,8217897,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AGamerX1,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is without a doubt a fantastic game. Gameplay wise its commonly seen as a Brawler Action-RPG where you stick with one weapon but continue to learn new combos and upgrade its power (along with other stats). The animations as well as the world design are top notch and surprisingly all done by one man. The story is pretty good, the music is very well composed, and there is plenty to do in the game.As a PC port its perfect, plenty of options that aren't present in most PC ports. I without a doubt recommend this game to anyone that has interest in the games. At full price this game is more then worth it but if you can get it at a 50-75% off sale then please do yourself a favor and pick this one up, you likely won't regret it if you're interested in its gameplay style."
,Recommended,236090,11491970,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Larania,"vwooshzheeooshzoozoosh!-Fidget, the nimbat11/10 would play"
,Recommended,236090,441747,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,SickBoy,"Absolutely gorgeous and incredibly fun! I haven't had such fluid, fun, and badass-feeling combat... ever. It's also just generally one of the best action RPGs I've ever played, with some of the most gorgeous graphics you've seen. If you're not a fan of the furry/etc. culture that the character design revolves around, don't worry... you won't even notice as you play (I'm not and I have enjoyed it immensely... the characters being animals actually adds a ton of charm to the game that regular humans wouldn't be able to bring) . You will feel like a combo-based-combat god even if you have no experience in the genre, but there is still a good amount of challenge. I highly recommend playing on the hardest difficulty (with the intention of trying to never die, i.e. true ""hardcore"" or ""ironman"" -type playing) right off the bat... it will make the game much more rewarding and the learning curve is really quite an enjoyable experience.Some of the voice acting is the only thing I felt could use a little work, but it was only every now and then and you get used to it pretty quickly. For the most part the voices fit the characters pretty well, and the *entire* game is voice acted, so it's a minor issue."
,Recommended,236090,7647595,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Decatsmeow,This game is really well made and I couldn't help not getting sucked into the storyline. If you're looking for a simple combat rpg then this is something you might check out.
,Recommended,236090,20182703,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Molai,It is not furry. Combat is very fluid and enjoyable.
,Recommended,236090,8763714,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,HGenzo,such graphicsmuch nostalgicvery addictso indie
76561197984632023,Recommended,236090,1022402,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Nebiros,"It's a side scroller metroidvania with graphics that remind me of Braid, none of that is bad. It's music's fun and, well the voice acting's passable. At least Fidget doesn't make you want to scream and break things like Navi."
,Recommended,236090,8849077,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ksempac,"I could nitpick on all the things, big and small, were this game isn't perfect. However, that would just be unfair of me, because i soon as i start playing this game, it grabs me and I just enjoy it.The colorful world, the rich cast of characters (all fully voiced, with great voice acting), and the story just make me want to see more, to go further on a great trip. The story itself is worth pursuing, with a great finish, but there are also lot of sidequests and surprises to find for those who wants more. And the Hyperduck duo managed to create a soundtrack that is on the same level of awesomeness as the animation and character design, further improving an already awesome game.To think that one animator managed to learn coding and make all of this game all by himself, that's just crazy, because it feels better than 99.99% of all the games out there. Yes, i know several people will not be able to pass over some of the flaws of the game, and i noticed them too, but i just don't care about them because for me, the game felt good from beginning to end, and i can't recommend it enough.(warning : the game is fairly easy, consider playing it on a level above normal. I finished it on Hardcore without having too much trouble..ironically, the most difficult moment was the first boss)"
,Recommended,236090,34699310,Posted: 2 September,all,Rose²,"After beating it, every bone in my body is telling me to scream at any nearby lifeform, regardless if it's single-celled, or if it's even myself, to play this game."
,Recommended,236090,10270719,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Hausu,"Where do I even begin with this game. First off ive been playing this game for about 7 years now and every playthrough ive had of it was exellent. There is alot of variety when it comes to builds. There is the obvious Light/Dark or Grey option for the game but there is also Force user builds, Ranged builds, Pure combat focused guardian, etc. I find the combat to be enjoyable (In my opinion) since its tactical and you can really plan attacks and things of that sort. Take DA:0 for example. Its pretty much the same system. You can start with 3 beginning classes: Guardian (Combat focused), Sentinel (Better skill progression), and Consular (Force powers). You then later in the game get different set of prestige classes depending on your allignment. Now, lets get to the writing of the game. This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen. You'll see once you play it for yourself. The reason I prefer this game slightly over the first is just because I prefer the darker, philosophical, grey aspects of the atmosphere and story a bit better (Kotor 1 is also one of my favorite games). Anyways, this game presents the idea that Dark is not necessarily evil and Light isnt nessesary good and you really get to see the Flaws of both sides. For example, you play as the Jedi Exile, who was exiled from the Jedi order for rusing to war to protect innocents. The Jedi were lazy and waited to ""evaluate the threat"". The dialouge and voice acting in this game is absolutely fantastic (Especially Kreia). For this game, you dont even need to be a fan of Star Wars. A non Star Wars fan would look at this game and just play an RPG. However a Star Wars fan would look at this and play an amazing Star Wars RPG. The reason for this is because the game is set in an era wayyy before the Movies. One flaw however, would be the cut content presented this game. Obsidian (The developers) were rushed to release this game by lucasarts, resulting in them needing to cut out content for the game. Luckily, a group of community modders managed to get into the games files and restore alot of the content that was cut. You can find the mod on the steam workshop. Anyways, hurry up and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,236090,20365660,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ekklesia,its a freaking masterpiece.pros:- epic(but predictable) story.- awesome stage art.- awesome sounds.- some jerk♥♥♥♥♥difficulty.- 4th wall breaking.- really good puzzles.- memorable characters.- some tear jerking side quests.- Fidget.cons:- small combo variety.- needs a freaking sequel.
,Recommended,236090,5252306,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Outcast™,"My X/Y buttons weren't ready for this11/10 great soundtrack, loveable characters and stunning visuals. Even the Fairy-type character is helpful (in your face Miyamoto/Reggie Corporation)"
76561197968956752,Recommended,236090,10402066,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,"✔ Beautiful graphics✔ Good game mechanics✔ Tight control scheme✔ Pretty animations✔ Overall nice presentation, well polished✔ Linux support!✘ Voice acting and writing are average"
,Not Recommended,236090,30069760,Posted: 20 February,all,KareemKubed,"this game is pretty fun and looks pretty but it's just too simple. the character progression is easy, the story is kind of cheesy, the voice acting isn't very good, and the combat is pretty bad.overall i give this game a 6 out of 10."
76561197970980626,Recommended,236090,26069014,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shadow,Good game
76561198075427038,Recommended,236090,26499426,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rinosuke,"A really good game, fantastic."
,Recommended,236090,7501145,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Blackbaldrik,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an absolutely incredible metroidvania-esque game that features:crazy-fly-through-the-aircombat, a very beautiful art-style, plays perfectly on both Mouse/Keyboard and Controller, a better options menu than almost every other game, an interesting Story and Characters, and a huge number of unobtrusive references to, and cameos from, other great games.Plus to top it all off, it was developed entirely by justoneguy!Do yourself a favour andbuy this game, It is a freaking masterpiece!"
,Recommended,236090,7889053,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Worse,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a game that builds itself on several videogame genres, trends, and scenarios. What makes it entirely unique, however, is its presentation, which combines mechanics of a side-scrolling, platforming, Metroid-Castlevania, RPG-beat-'em-up adventure with the fantastical world thought up entirely by one man.The main character, aptly named Dust, is the average amnesiac protagonist that comes to learn that the world is on his shoulders. Elements of Zelda and Okami blend into the story and its characters, exploring a variety of environments and themes, although running through with them very hastily. Fortunately, aiming for 100% demands backtracking and retracing, and the game has plenty of sidequests to keep you busy.Gameplay tends to be very scattered. In new areas, enemies present challenges and exemplify caution, but with practice (and a few armor and weapon improvements under your belt), you can breeze through battles, if almost a little too easily. In some cases you'll be lost under a pile of baddies, but that's where diligent use of your available skills becomes important, begging you to be quick and clever with your moves.You will spend several evenings with this brilliant little game if you buy it, and I can say with confidence that you will not regret doing so."
,Recommended,236090,28811824,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sapphire,"Dust: An Elysian Tale looks like your average side scroller on the surface, but once you get into it you'll be into a beautiful tale of the main protaganist who is named Dust.If you're looking for a good game, Dust: An Elysian Tale is what I'd Recommend.Pros:- Great Story- Difficulty Setting- Long Game- Beautiful Art Design- Funny Characters- Smooth Animation- Great Soundtrack- Good Combat System- Fun To Play- Side Quests- Great Price- Many Different Enemies- I Didn't Notice Any Bugs When I Played- Easter Eggs/CollectablesI could probably go on if I waited a few more minutes but lets get to the cons...Cons:- this isn't really a con but, OMG THE CLIFFHANGER!!- The final few areas before the Final boss seemed harder than the boss.- Not very many scenes about Dust's Backstory-man, it's really hard to think of bad things about this game. I guess that show's you how good it is.""When the Life Thread calls...""My Rating: 9.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,28824217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zen - No Sound,Buy this game!
,Recommended,236090,18082079,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ivy,"From just a purely visual standpoint, this game is absolutely lovely.Buy for the art, story is nice too.+1"
,Recommended,236090,8131997,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,caff!!!,"The combat system is heavenly, nuff said"
76561198146826338,Recommended,236090,24023564,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,シュヴィ,Nicely done
,Recommended,236090,13429330,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tmark,A very charming and beautiful platformer with great story and battle moves.
,Recommended,236090,12200869,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,NanoPi,"sidescrolling adventure with some elements of metroidvania (not so many weapons) and RPG (not too much inventory items)controls perfectly on keyboard and mouse and controller (xinput only?)art is so pretty. the backgrounds even react to your wind attacksweet orchestral musicmarvellous example of a pc port, with mouse driven menus, editable HUD, and colour blind mode. art is higher resolution than original console version.lots of dialogue when talking to NPCs, with animated portraits (which have an option to use compressed version or higher quality version using more memory)all dialogue is voiced with a wide range of accents"
76561198014021112,Recommended,236090,2881761,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,DiogoSN,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2D RPG/Brawler set in a lore similar to the cartoons of Robin Hood by Disney in terms of concept and artwork. Unfortunately, this game is a little too easy; it doesn't have many combinations, Dust (the main character which the player controls it) levels up in a way which unbalances the game and enemies become too easy. So, in terms of gameplay, it needs improvements and you should crank the difficulty up but it's enjoyable achieving the combos. It's also a great port from XBox to PC. Conclusion: it has my recommendation."
76561198172051855,Recommended,236090,22481326,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Black Hat,this game is so good. The visauls are so detailed. The combat is fluid and the story is so gripping. 10 out of 10. A must play
76561198117124319,Recommended,236090,35198582,Posted: 25 September,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"Dust: An Elysian TailThe fluffiest tail & best Hack & Slash game I've played so far.You play as Dust, a furry feller with amnesia, with his sidekick, Fidget, a flying female Nimbat. (Just as useful as a Fidget-spinner)His quest is to regain his memory and save the world - Doing so will save multiple lives, but kill just as many. Actually you'll probably kill more monsters, since this is a Hack&Slash game with endless spawns of creatures to slay.Positive wagging tailThe story is great, and most of the sidequests blends well in with the main story.The story is a mystery right up till the end, since Dust has amnesia. - However don't put this into the average amnesia hero/heroin story, where you haveA troubled past, but the bond you make with friends on your journey changes you to choose the right decision at the end and save the world. There's a twist.The combat-system works fluently, with a lot of combos to make. Spam the keyboard and have fun.There's also a big variety of enemies, and enemy abilities for a Hack&Slash game. Play it on the hardest mode where they one-hit kills you.The scenery and especially backgounds are beautiful - Sometimes you can see the layers, but it's rare - The graphic is done well with smooth cutscenes & fighting effects.Hand-drawn, just saying.The music is powerful and you really don't get tired of it. I spend 35 hours ingame, and still return to Youtube for the soundtrack.Different tracks for different areas, which really suits each ""world"", and the battlemusic is as epic as a firebreathing Pink Fairy Armadillo(This animal doesn't breathe fire, but it's still damn cute)Sidequests and eastereggs are in a huge abundance.They blend well in with the story and are so enjoyable that you really need to explore every nook and cranny. Which you still do since you unlock small parts in visited areas as you gain new abilities.However if you don't like returning to an area 2-3 times to discover 100% you won't like this grind-game.Negative Tail Between LegsThe combat might seem repetitive - But that's to be expected, monsters respawn in areas, and you need to revisit most areas 2-3 times.I beat this game on the normal and hardest difficulty, so it holds some replay-value, but of course it's less enjoyable when you know the story.However if you're the type to bond with characters and get emotional, this will just be like re-reading a good book over and over again.Slow start. It takes a little for the story and gameplay to really kick off. I actually got bored in the beginning and tried getting started 4 times on a span of half a year before I really gave it some time and attention.Closing CommentsOverall a solid game.The mechanics work well with the combat-movement system, great visuals, good story and nice music.Give it some time to really get started, and you won't even have to be a furry-fandom to enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,236090,20469316,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,justus,"Dust has a lot to like about it but it misses just enough notes that it falls into my ""not recommended"" bucket. If it were a shorter game, I probably would recommend it. It took me 10 hours to finish but after about 5-6 hours I felt like I was just grinding through it to get to the end. A couple of things contributed to that feeling: I'm not a combat prima donna but even I felt it was a little too simplistic and repetitive. I just used the ranged AoE in every battle and ran into very few challenges. The platforming is okay...but that's not the focus of the game. There are a number of side quests or unlockables. Some of them are the typical ""you can't even get to this area because you don't have the slide/double-jump/super-jump power yet, so remember to backtrack to here once you do"".Only completionists will feel a strong desire to go after them all. Only 31% of players complete even 5 sides quests. 23% complete 10. 10% complete all 20. I did more than 10 (but less than 20) and still felt pretty overpowered by the end (I had no difficulty defeating the final boss by spamming my ranged AoE).The game doesn't have any real flaws, to be honest. I just felt like it was a nice tight 5-6 hour game that overstayed its welcome."
76561198052505972,Recommended,236090,12850247,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dougie The Dominator,epic game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is better than your mom
76561198005220253,Recommended,236090,2288321,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Mr. Happosai,"Let me put it this way, chances are you have not experienced gaming as an art form, yet. And that is what sets this game apart, in an ever growing industry that cares only to put out disposable trash,  Dust dares to be art, and as such it should be experienced."
,Recommended,236090,7892358,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Armagon,"An easy game to pick up and play, with some of the most gorgeous art and animation I've seen in any game, let alone an indie title made by just one guy! This kind of talent should be supported so we can see more work like it in future, please buy this game!"
,Recommended,236090,15851000,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,feasega,i would get community banned if i would post what i think about the theme of this game
,Recommended,236090,30398290,Posted: 8 March,all,Mighty Pillow,"Dust: An Elysian Tail was an amazing experience that I regret not playing sooner.Dust was absolutely magical. From the moment I started I loved it. I was worried about that actually. When I saw the tags on the store page, I questioned whether I would enjoy this game. Usually I'm turned off by Metroidvania and RPG. Thankfully, I didn't find Dust to be hard to get the hang of.The inventory system is easy to understand, and I found it fun to make items from blueprints. The health system I wasn't a big fan of. Why bother having so many different kinds of food to choose from? It made my inventory unnecessarily cluttered. Also, I'd only craft the equipment worth crafting, so I was left with many useless materials in my inventory as well. They don't sell for much either.The main story was fantasic. I thought it was well written, and I was not able to guess the 'twist'. I sympathized with the characters, and I found myself eager to find out what would happen next. The ending made me sad! With the exception of one side quest (the one where you play store errand boy), I found them not pointless. Some quests added to the story, while others simply gave insight on the people and the universe you're in. I wished some of the side characters had more a purpose though. I especially wanted to learn more of the Moonbloods. Voice acting was great. Every character had its own distinctive voice.The combat was quite hacky slashy, but I enjoyed it. There weren't 50 different moves you had to memorize. Instead you had a short list of combos you could do, and you could string different ones together to keep the combat flowing. I did not think any part of this game was grindy. The whole game looked so beautiful. The graphics, the animations, everything was so smooth and detailed. The soundtrack was decent and fit the mood.The length was nice and long as well. 10+ hours of gameplay makes the frugal in me happy. I could see myself playing this again to get achievements in the future. I highly recommend!There are no jump scares."
76561198009374045,Recommended,236090,14464554,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The cool PS4 controller,"an accurate simulation of the furry vs scaily war,features fun combat involvong slashing things with a sword till they are unalivedalso features magic and stuffoh and the animation is top notch,OH and they added ps4 controller icons so now you don't have to guess what the hints mean when they say ""press this button to do this vital action"" which in all seriousness i want to hug the dev for >w< its so rare that a dev actually puts in the effort to let the many people using a ps4 controller play a game with the icons they expectand yeah its really good :D go get it"
76561198002009022,Recommended,236090,12612001,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ZarquonReturns,"A sleeper hit. Good though not epic story. A meditation on racism and honorable(?) war. Play is a solid 2D platform style swordfighter.The furry element is only slightly off-putting, i.e. the characters are anthropomorphic animals for no reason other than designer's preference, but there isn't a salacious focus on their physiques or anything. I don't think the developer set out to make a pervy game, though I'd still hesitate to set them up with my relative."
76561197978131107,Recommended,236090,7549912,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Superbeef,"As a small boy, I would often daydream of of being Henry from The Littles, except Dinky  found a way to shrink me to their size and we were great friends! In my mind, we would go on fantastic sprawling adventures in the outdoors, fighting grashoppers and rescuing important thimbles from a nesting pack of mice. Maybe along the way, we found treasure, or even love. But time withers and destroys all such childhood fantasies, and that world has been lost to me for many years.Let DUST AN ELYSIAN TAIL transport you, if only temporarily, back into that world of magic. You work hard, isn't it about time you treated yourself?"
76561198051058155,Not Recommended,236090,28989309,Posted: 3 January,all,Helghast kitty,"pros-looks great-runs well-good amount of resolutionsgameplay flows real nice but...cons-bad voice acting, and i don't think you can mute the voices-combat was too easy, which is a deal breaker for me (this is single handidly the reason i'm not recommending this game)i don't want to say the story was bad, but it wasn't good enough to drag me through the somewhat boring combati really wanted to like this game, i feel like 13 hours is a fair attempt.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8412317,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hippity Hoppean Snek,Yes. Just yes. All my yes.Fidget earns this game a 10/10
,Recommended,236090,9175816,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hamster Daddy,It's like Skyrim with furries.
76561198099236201,Recommended,236090,8527093,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr.Clean,Buckshots
,Recommended,236090,13701844,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dawn,"I searched for Dust and CS:GO showed up, I bought this game instead #NoRegrets"
,Recommended,236090,11600896,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Phở,nice game
,Recommended,236090,10517617,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Pillowsalt Aisling,"This Game may or may not be the Most Soul Touching Game i have ever had the Pleasure of playing,The Art style and the Gameplay was nothing short of Astonoshing and Amazing all the way through. The voice acting was something as well that uterely Gott to me as Perfection.I Recomend This game fore anyone looking fore a Good adventure and SPECIALY fore Furry's.Now Excuse me as I Play Through This game a SECOND TIME just fore the Feels!"
76561198120792053,Recommended,236090,18020316,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Кюро,This game was ust AMAZING. Beautiful artwork and wonderful game play. I loved the people and just everything about it. I recomend it!!
,Recommended,236090,18097332,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Etherandir,Fantastic
,Recommended,236090,13802143,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RIP white cat22,I don't even like furries but this is still a good game 10/10 need more bopo
,Recommended,236090,32717649,Posted: 24 June,all,Johnny Whoa,"If you want a well-written, hack-and-slash platformer with beautiful artwork and genuinely endearing characters, then look no further than Dust: An Elysian Tail. It's honestly everything I love in a single player game, and I can't recommend it highly enough."
76561197970333667,Recommended,236090,15078503,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Aether,"Dust was a fun and simple platformer that was surprsingly satisfying. The gameplay is smooth and the use of storyline gated abilites adds to replay value as you can revist previous areas to find treasure and gear. The voice cast did a great job, even if the writing itself may have been a little flat. I also noticed in the credits that apparently this game was made by one guy, which floored me. Good job Dean Dodrill."
76561197968003522,Recommended,236090,10928660,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,^.^,Pure eye candy... love it
,Recommended,236090,10073814,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,JE$U$ CRI$I$,"Completed the game on X360 and wanted more.Bought it on PC and became a happier person.If you like anime-like graphic style, RPG's, platformers or action games BUY IT. It is worth it's cost."
,Recommended,236090,17166814,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,DarkEternal,"I literally just watched the credits roll on my first playthrough and I have to say that this is one of the most beautiful games that I have ever had the pleasure of playing. The graphics are gorgeous, the backgrounds and effects are astounding, the plot is very touching (play those side quests!!!) and the controls are very well done. The game plays like a dream. I can't get over the animations and the outstanding puzzle aspect of the world. It requires thought and perserverance to find every hidden chest and key, as well as all 12 of your friends!For US $2.99, this was an amazing deal and an amazing game. Only 2 more achievements for a 100%, and with the sales and reviews (as well as the open ended ending!), I anticipate a sequel and will gladly pay for one!Worth full price, but grab it on a sale if you can. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,236090,35223481,Posted: 26 September,all,Desmight,"It's good.Score: 7,5/10."
,Recommended,236090,19968670,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Epsilon,An RPG done right.
76561198145025313,Recommended,236090,16636197,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,✪InfernoPhoenix✪,Pros:Graphics:  8/10Gameplay: 9.9/10Cons:NoneNoneNoneNoneNoneNoneNoneand...............................................None
76561198029751280,Recommended,236090,34007935,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Recommended,236090,8845055,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,JewishNord,One of the best games i have played. The combat is nice and easy to control and the story is good as well. 9/10
76561198046745795,Recommended,236090,10235644,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Manko-chan,"Haven't played it all the way through yet, but so far it is AMAZING! GET IT NOW!"
76561198018802107,Recommended,236090,10799047,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Walking Toaster,"Awesome game, great art, good story and music."
,Recommended,236090,8807759,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Garrett,This game is amazing fun! It's worth the price.
76561198068147712,Recommended,236090,11976137,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,другMontaffer,"The Citizen Kane of metroidvania hack'n'slashes.But really, while the story is somewhat unoriginal the gameplay more than makes up for it."
76561198054031327,Recommended,236090,11984022,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,wellsmatthew55,probably the best game I've played in a very long time. and worth every penny. and I'm not trying to spoil it or anything but they'd better make a sequal to this or the ending will drive me crazy
76561198044764609,Recommended,236090,12009861,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Cartman,BEST. GAME. EVER. (COMPARED TO 'ZELDA' AND 'KINGDOM HEARTS')
76561198087605206,Recommended,236090,11965343,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Alex_PyroManiac,"A realy nice and fun game, kinda goes old school arcade style and has a great story behind it. 10/10."
76561198048662256,Recommended,236090,11957618,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,P3t3r-Pun!,"""10/10"" - ign"
,Recommended,236090,15848310,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dynamic Donkey,Dis gaem iz gud!!!11!!1!!
,Recommended,236090,23378296,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Brody,"Brilliant game! Good graphics, fun gameplay, great music, along with a freaking amazing story and nice art. BUY IT! BUY IT NOW!"
76561197960277861,Recommended,236090,7757015,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[STA] Cheeto,"Reluctantly, I recommend this game.The combat mechanics are slightly too simple for a side-scrolling brawler, but that adds to the charm of its simple combo system. This game plays out as an interactive anime/cartoon. Decent voice acting with nice visual art slowly plod you along this Metroidvania. Multiple difficulty levels allow you to play the game as you wish (for the story, for the combat [don't], mix between both). The game gives serious Furry vibes, but otherwise is a very enjoyable experience. On a sane difficulty level expect to spend between 4-8 hours to beat the game. Maybe 12-20 to 100% it."
76561198069679007,Recommended,236090,9151215,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Gabe Horn,"Brilliant art, great gameplay (slightly repetitive but in the good way) good story,good fighting mechanics, and overall just amazing and really enjoyable to play. Highly Recommended!!!"
,Recommended,236090,810403,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Onionfey,"I was drawn into trying this game because of the simularities in combat and artsyle to another game I enjoyed called Odin Sphere. What I found though was so much more than that. This game has to be experienced to be believe. Fun yet simple combat, super tight controls, a lawlsy story that still manages to tug your heartstrings. Also Fidget is probably my favoret video game side kick of all time.A Game like this only comes along once every so often, which is to say it is nearly flawless. All the more impressive that it was made by one guy, other than the impressive musical score which deserves mention all its own. This game... 10 out of 10, 100 out of 100, all that. I could hardly put the game down from start to finish until I had found every last secret (all of which are rewards, no annoying orb collecting or anything).I can't wait for the sequel!!!! If you like your games with quality, get this game. Its worth so much more than games that cost triple the asking price of 15 bucks."
,Recommended,236090,14938017,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,White,"Generally a good hack and slash. Mainly bought it because furry, but it turned out to be really bloody decent :3Give it a go :D"
,Recommended,236090,10242847,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Boggars,Fantastic game with a great story and fun gameplay.
76561198068249300,Recommended,236090,8320040,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Maeday,"Likely one of the best games ive played. ive beat it re-played it and still find myself geting back to it. if your asking yourself should i get it heres your answer yes, the only con i can think of is its too short"
,Recommended,236090,16616812,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"Don't focus on the plot, this game is just a cliche when it comes to that. The graphics are good, the sound nice and the gameplay was fun. The ""fairy"" you had with you was annoying beyond words however, making even the Zelda one look like a reasonable comparison."
76561198125583700,Recommended,236090,16606654,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DangDiRoha!!,FUNN!!
76561198087010999,Recommended,236090,7116688,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Leon ✔,IT'S ABOUT DUST BUY THIS SHEIT
76561198069996299,Recommended,236090,6595727,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Blitzy Kins,"I LOVE this RPG game! Just bought it recently and and wow this game is quite amazing! Dust will probally be in my personal favorite RPG games. The game has neat little animations that are cutscenes which they all look great! It also has some-what anime elements mixed with animals (aka ""Furries"" is what they are called) and the combat system is fun and adictive. Love this game. I recommend to any one who love RPG games."
,Recommended,236090,3049795,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Necrophag1st,"A true Indie masterpiece, made by one guy. Super fun combat system + gorgeous hand-drawn artwork + metroidvania-esque exploration + amazing PC port + plays fantastic with keyboard and mouse = GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,236090,11400292,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,wild-flowers Ⓐ / ❤ / ☮,This is a beautiful game ! If you like 2D platformers with memorable characters and a wonderful storyline I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND DUST ! At certain times it can get a little confusing as well as even repetetive but that is not an issue if your intrigued by the story. Check out the store page a little before you buy it !
,Recommended,236090,10303984,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Del Mingus,"This is an utterly fantastic metroidvania and i enjoyed it from start to finish. This game doesn't necessarily do anything new or groundbreaking but instead offers a highly polished experience. You play Dust who wakes up with no memory of who he is to find a talking sword and it's guardian Fidget who decides to join Dust on his quest to discover who he is and to stop General Gaius who's army is devestating the land.The Good:- The graphics look beautiful and remind me of the cartoons i grew up watching in the 90's particularly the Disney cartoons like Ducktales and Chip And Dale:Rescue Rangers. It really gives the game some character and personality.- The story isn't too bad either which surprised me as i had been misled by the cartoon looking graphics into thinking the story would be childish but it can be quiet dark at times and did keep my interest.Also the characters are likeable including Dust himself as well as Fidget with some humourous dialogue between the two.- There's plenty to do in this game with lots of side quests and loads of collectables (including collecting various characters who players of popular indie titles might recognize) so there's enough there for a 15or sohours of gameplay.- The levelling and crafting systems are simple and effective. It doesn't feel tacked on and you will notice the difference after levelling and upgrading equipment when fighting enemies.- The game also introduces a good idea in that instead of having to grind for different materials to craft items you merely need one of each type,which you can sell to the merchant, who will then sell that material from that point onwards. So no grinding for ages to craft the armour you need.The Bad:-While there are several different types of attack,combat sometimes just boils down to button bashing against hordes of enemies.- I played using a 360 controller and while it generally worked fine with the game, at times it was a bit sluggish and unresponsive. Though not enough to impact on my enjoyment of the game.To summarize this game is a must buy and is truly deserving of all the praise and accolades it has gotten. 9/10 from me."
76561198021034614,Recommended,236090,13176678,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Sponge,It's hard. Story is dumb. Gameplay is fun. Pretty Short.
,Recommended,236090,8417816,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PlzTakeOffUrShoes,I love the art sytle they use in this game.The story line is amazing as well.Love a good 2D hack and slash!
76561198087979217,Recommended,236090,7134628,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,KnightGalavant,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a classic title that received a port to PC. For a game that was only created by one person, I am speechless. The artwork, the gameplay, the music.... everything was amazing! It is an outstanding game that is a must buy.Rating: 10/10 (100%)Achievements: 26/30 (87%)Game Done."
,Recommended,236090,10221307,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LanceTek101,"this game is well worth it, there is no regrets on this purchase, also glad that i paid the full price on this amazing game"
76561198138132744,Recommended,236090,11014296,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mama Mia,Two words *Beedp*-ing Amazing
76561198058111020,Recommended,236090,11014934,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Angel the saber wolf,hell yeah LOVE IT!!!
,Recommended,236090,11068415,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,(F-Society) Mycoxaflopin,This game is completely amazing and nothing more needs said.. Buy it now!
,Recommended,236090,10931159,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stewie,"Dust: An Middle Asian Tail is possibly one of the best games of this year.  Extremely fun, but at times stupidly easy combat which never seems to feel repetetive.  Sadly I have not been able to finish the game due to my Intel trash acting up, and deciding to crash on me.  Only paid $3, and the 2 hours was worth it.  For game of the year quality go take a chance on that $15, and if it works you won't regret, and if it doesn't it was still worth supporting the god who made the game.NEGATIVE REVIEWS:Oh why the ♥♥♥♥ do I own a furry gam... SHUT UP!10/10 would buy again."
76561198023374983,Recommended,236090,10330007,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,♞✡ ๖ۣۜDeimon๖ۣۜMonke,not bad for a single player game that is hards to complete
76561198020850827,Recommended,236090,11075883,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ProteqTV,amazing. more amazing when i found out 1 person created it.
,Recommended,236090,19072879,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,"Suti | Inactive, Lazy Youtuber","Possibly one of, if not the best indie game of all time. It's prettier than most triple-A games, has a fantastic soundtracking, a magical and memorable world, a great story, and combat that feels like it never gets old thanks to the combo meter, and the addition of combos = experience. 10/10 game. One of the most optimized games I've ever played; infact, not once in 30 hrs of 100% the game (there's quite alot of content for a $15 game) did I ever experience a frame drop.Dust tells a story of revenge, coping with loss, accepting death, breaking bonds, and much more in a fashion that's non-pareil to anything else I've ever played. It's a must buy, and if Dust An Elysian Tail came out in the early 2000's, it would easily and unanimously be regarded as one of the greatest games of all time."
,Recommended,236090,25445577,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoFastHog,cannot go fast 0/10
,Recommended,236090,24085245,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,niBBas,"(I've refunded this game to buy another game, no I don't hate it I just found another game that I like more than this game)This game is really enjoyable, its good to play and its really fun. When I use to have a Playstation 4 I use to have Playstation Plus and this game came on the Free PS Plus month and I decided to get it because it looked like a really cool game (which it was)If you ever have the chance to get yourself a steam wallet or some money to buy games, I defininetly recommend this one, just absolutely amazing"
,Recommended,236090,8696475,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The_Announcer,Just buy it.
,Recommended,236090,31146943,Posted: 14 April,all,Rosemon,Don't let the furries ruin it for you.
,Recommended,236090,16704921,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SabreCat,"Dust is a game you play primarily for the visuals: adorable anthro-animals, vast painted backdrops, and smooth, detailed animations. But there's enough gameplay underneath those visuals that it's worth sticking through to the end. You'll beat up hundreds of gribblies, jump and explore Metroidvania-style through sidescrolling dungeons, accomplish cute little side quests, level up, craft items, and so on.One word of warning: if you need a challenge to stay engaged with a game, don't choose the default difficulty option. Under the standard setup, you advance far faster than your opponents and accrue more healing items than you'll ever need, making the combat fun to watch but little more than a button-mashing exercise in terms of gameplay.Every aspect of this game is polished shiny, from the technical aspects (I encountered one CTD bug in my 15 hours of play, but that was the only glitch I spotted) to the voice acting and the understated but worthy storyline. Worth your money!"
76561198190618914,Recommended,236090,20244949,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TehWeebNation,The storyline is great and the music
76561198121128059,Recommended,236090,27693639,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nihongasuki,Simply one of the best games I ever played.
,Recommended,236090,7893070,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,PerfectXtreme,"Pretty cool side-scrolling RPG fight game.  Pretty basic inventory and item equip system and basic combat that involves combos with various orders in button mashing.The story is pretty well animated and voice acting was good.It seems best played with a controller as keyboard/mouse were somewhat awkward.  For example, the game uses ""ASWD"" keys to move around, and the mouse left/right to attack however at one point a gameplay tutorial told me to use the ""K"" key to execute an attack and/or use items.  I'm not sure why they would do this but who can hit the ""K"" key while using ASWD in one hand and the mouse in the other?Good game, recommended if it's on sale or cheap and you're looking for some old school style RPG side scrolling!"
,Recommended,236090,25834858,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kome360,I WANT MOAR
,Recommended,236090,13975595,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MrYippeeKiYay,7/10
,Recommended,236090,8005923,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kecka,"While the art style was admittedly a bit off-putting at first, the gameplay looked decent enough that I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised. It's a fun 2D beat 'em up in the vein of the Vanillaware games (Odin Sphere, Muramasa: The Demon Blade, Dragon's Crown) with smooth, crisp animation and surprisingly decent humor. So even if you aren't normally into the cartoon animals that edge on the side of too cutesy, I'd still recommend giving it a shot. Fighting enemies and racking up giant combos is fun, there's exploring and backtracking for those who enjoy those sorts of things, challenge rooms to test your skills, and the writing is better than a lot of AAA titles I've played recently."
76561198059676244,Recommended,236090,8044035,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Smithybum,"This game was one of the greatest I've ever played. The story was so good that I felt like crying at the end, because of how it ended, and the fact that it had ended. The gameplay is easy with no QTE's, meaning that if you wanted to destroy a boss epically, then you can with a mere combo. I did find one set of missions in 'the meadow' rather annoying, but that's because it involved a lot of going back and forth, with certain enemies that couldn't be harmed by your sword. But at most, that was all I think was bad in it, and it's only a small bit in the game too. Fidget, when I first saw her, I thought was going to be an annoying Navi clone, but she only talks in the dialogue scenes, making me laugh or grin whenever she commented on something.Dust is a fantastic character, and you will love how he goes through the story.Don't just think about getting this game, GET this game. Right now, stop reading. Get it."
76561198063203489,Recommended,236090,13475323,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pigdem (retrieved acc),Wow. Who would have thought that Microsoft Studios could come up with a masterpiece like this? Stunning.
76561197970383470,Recommended,236090,8004803,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,chingodingo,"Buy This:If you like Metroid or Castlevania style gamesIf you like beautiful hand drawn graphicsIf you value solid voice acting and memorable charactersLet me start off by saying I loved every aspect of this game. It deserves all the praise it has gotten, and is one of my favorite game’s I’ve played for a long time (I’m a veteran gamer from the 80’s).Dust is a side view, action RPG with platforming elements in the vein of Metroid or Castlevania. It does not stray far from this formula, and delivers it extremely well. It’s one of the best in the genre. The controls are completely fluid and just felt right. The game features a lot of sword play, and fighting with the various antagonists was great fun. Split second dodges and parries could often mean the difference between life and death on higher difficulties. There was also something extremely satisfying with finishing off an enemy by dodging their attack mid air and slamming them to the ground on the tip of your blade.You take on the role of “Dust” who is a samurai fox that’s lost his memory. He is immediately joined by Fidget, a small orange bat thing, that serves as his sidekick, comic relief and source of magic attacks. His sword also talks and has a personality. From there the plot revolves around the three trying to decipher Dust’s past and his true calling. The plot is a little cliché, but done well. The voice acting is also top notch, and every character in the game from the vendor to a random guard is presented with a lot of personality.The art for the game is simply beautiful. It is all hand drawn by one man (who also did the majority of EVERYTHING ELSE for the game). It has a cartoony Disney animated design inspired by the Fievel  Mouse movies. I understand this completely turns some people off from the game, but for anyone sane out there, the end result is just gorgeous. It’s also worth noting the music was incredibly well done as well, and as I write this I still have one of the games songs stuck in my head.The game features an experience point based leveling system where the player can allocate a point into various stats every level. There are also numerous items that can be found to make your character stronger. Many of these cannot be obtained until the right ability is learned later in the game. This makes for some classic Metroid backtracking. None of it is too rough, however, since the player can navigate the world’s various locations from a world map that can be returned to at any save point.All in all, this is my favorite metroidvania since Super Metroid on the SNES. Absolutely worth anyone’s time."
,Recommended,236090,7895863,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TheXperia,Even though i wrote here just to get my badgeThis game is amazing :)
,Recommended,236090,16641239,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,The Stand in a nutshell Graves End Neck Road Represent
,Recommended,236090,7992093,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Toxic Morty,"Never has a game that I've experienced tugged at raw human emotion more than this game. As a person that played the game for the story, I was close to tears multiple times during the game.The question of who you really are is one that resonates to the core. The execution of the concept as you find out about your two pasts is the best part about the story.Gameplay was exactly what I expected from a 2D platformer and Hack and Slash game, but what really sold me (as I've already explained above) was the story. It reminds me of Historical Chinese TV Soap Operas/Dramas, but 2x better.Please, there's totally room for a sequel, and I'd love it if they make a full 3D platforming game out of this one.This totally should belong in your collection. Just, if there's anyone emotionally sensitive nearby whilst playing any of the cutscenes, grab a box of tissues.P.S: DEFINTELY get it if you're a fan of anthro."
,Recommended,236090,25046628,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Conrovbichovshigorbichovkitoshka,Pretty good.  We need more sidescrollers like this.
,Recommended,236090,7887054,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Laetha,Very fun and a great story :D
76561197966570368,Recommended,236090,249540,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,rubenatch,Muy buenos gráficos y una historia interesante. Sólo una pega: el nivel fácil es... demasiado fácil.
,Recommended,236090,647801,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Beefy Crunch Burrito,YIFF YIFF YIFF YIFF YIFF
,Recommended,236090,6052527,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,SolidRubrical,"The best adventure game I have played for years. Amazing story, voice act and graffics in an action, adventure 2D side-sliding single player game. Buy!"
,Recommended,236090,7884524,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kukuxumusu,"Moeilijk om te zeggen waarom, maar ik hou van dit spel."
,Recommended,236090,7889461,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,milosh.peshic,"Well worth your money and your time, especially considering the price. Highly reccommended."
76561198111488552,Recommended,236090,22926055,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TJkuona,"I cri, evrytim ;_;"
,Recommended,236090,12932747,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,offpath,"Gets a little too easy by the end, but this game is quite fun and a really good length. It ends just before you feel like it's starting to drag on."
,Recommended,236090,1923942,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Brigh Guy,"If you like Metroidvania games with excellent visuals and controls, you should buy this."
76561198046946871,Recommended,236090,7889989,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,feels,Story was meh. Not into the furries but gameplay was great. 7/10
,Recommended,236090,7890974,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rifter,IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD.
,Recommended,236090,7431030,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Solace,"Beautiful art, nice sound track and a good history. Just play it you will like :3"
,Recommended,236090,12727023,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TranquiLily,"A brilliant story with amazing animation, voice acting and humour! The combat is fluid and easy to grasp a hold of and the combos are simple to pull off yet require skill and finness to time the moves right. While I have not put nearly enough time into the PC version i have put countless hours into the XBox 360 version. Overall, brilliant action, fluid combat and animation and immersive story combine to make one of the best games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,236090,10300429,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Shiro,"I'd just like to say, probably the most best 2d side scroller ever. Otherwise I have no bad news! I love the animation, I love the story line, I love almost everything! The graphics blow my mind. 10/10. Theres nothing this game CAN give what it already has."
76561198098065379,Recommended,236090,8115936,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,thecosmiccountess,"I played it more for the gameplay than for the story, which is very cliché.  But the fighting is so much fun."
,Recommended,236090,18196209,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Himiko Toga,Best Game i played so far really long game and i like the Combat System is a really smoth game even if you have a potato or toaster laptop or pc you can still play it without lagging 10/10 i would buy again
,Recommended,236090,13155121,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Maikouazauski,"Really really really really really awesome!! One of the best action/platforming games I've played so far! I recommend it for the beautiful graphics and background, the adorable musics, and the game quests and history. You won't regret to buy it!"
,Recommended,236090,11916942,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,InfraRed_NC,"This game has been hella fun so far.  Good voices, decent characters, non linear quests, puzzle like objectives, and all the swordplay you can muster!!"
,Recommended,236090,19834835,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,XfireMH,"It was a very enchanting adventure.It had good story, and the combat felt smooth, but repetitive.Some have claimed that the bosses are a bit on the easy side.  There only half right though.   If you play on just a Key board the challenge is there, and it dose get some for of difficulty.The ending was a bit bitter from my perspective however.  It was not bad, but I felt I needed more out of this.All and all, this game is worth every Pennie, and I hope if ever there is a sequel, or some sort of re-carnation similar to this game."
76561198118632269,Recommended,236090,13819426,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr. Monkey,"This game. I love this game. The art is beautiful, the music is great, the controls are tight, the characters are deep, and the story is amazing. I still cannot believe how this masterpeice was made by a single person. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,20659914,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,B l a z e,badass! :3
76561197964019032,Recommended,236090,10250433,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Xeroze,"Good game. The story, the mechanics of the game is sound, and reminds me of good old 2D game series like the old sonics series and the like, albeit with a RPG element.Not much replay value though, so get it when there is an offer available on steam."
,Recommended,236090,19242926,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Shregma力,"i am not a furfag, but this game is the only good furry thing."
76561198042134958,Recommended,236090,19244788,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ryokaia,This game has a good story.  The music and the visuals are great.
,Recommended,236090,19285434,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ny Nasjonal Samling,10/10 would try to beat the final boss again
,Recommended,236090,19166621,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,肉まん,gameplay so cool.
,Recommended,236090,19206391,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Alpha,I cri everitiema very sad story10/10
,Recommended,236090,12132407,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,@IAmStaka,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game!
,Recommended,236090,12242052,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,whoops i sneezed,"Furries and combos and grinding, oh my!10/10 iz rely gud"
76561198085449922,Recommended,236090,11335220,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kododie,"I will keep it short: ""Rumors were right. This game is good.""Edit: So I actually managed to finish the game, not that it would be that hard I just had other things to do and other games to play so I forgot about it. I read a bit on internet and found out that it was originaly intended to be anime cartoon before author (He made majority of this game alone, which deserves huge respect) decided to turn it into videogame. It's visuals hint to it. But what puzzles me a bit is to what audience is this game intended. Gameplay and visual style would say it's for children (furries), but story-wise I think it's for bit older ppl. I honestly don't believe that I would fully enjoy the story when I was 10. Or maybe I was just stupid child, heh. But this doesn't mean much older ppl can't enjoy it ofc, I'm 26 as of the date I post this review and I had fun.It's kind of game where mashing buttoms actually work and its fun. Only thing I would reproach to this game is the fact that it has optional spots unreacheable until you get certain abilities like slide and double jump, but game doesn't hint to this (maybe I missed the hint).It very nice casual action platformer with suprisingly deeper story than you would judge by the first look and handdrawn graphics."
76561198025304381,Recommended,236090,23076062,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,phlangeface,...
76561198060494976,Recommended,236090,16608680,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stevepac9,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It is ♥♥♥♥ing fantasic. The story is great and has a nice twist. The combat is fun, but the enemies are rather boring and easy. I would not hesitate to pay full price."
76561198058328596,Recommended,236090,16611123,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Varion Colin,I need more games like this one to cleanse my thirst.Please. I need more of Dust.
76561198033792649,Recommended,236090,16556471,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CheshireTimberWolf,"I reccomend this game to anyone out there. Please note that if the first cutscene seems to not load correctly you probably have VLC as your default video app. To fix that just change it.Now on to how amazing this game is. I was sceptical at first because of wht it's trying to be, and that is a story. Don't play Dust if you're going to skip the dialogue, just enjoy it for what it is. That doesn't take away from the fact that it has some amazing gameplay. If I had to rate the gameplay I'd give it a 10/10 and if I had to rate this game's story I'd give it a 11/10"
,Recommended,236090,15498735,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Arashi アラシ,"I just cannot properly tell how great this platformer is. The controls are smooth and not too hard to get the hang of. Combat is a big part of this game, but not too big in that it overshadows its platformer aspect. The depth of the characters is incredible. The story is certainly a major factor in why this game is so good. It makes you want to keep playing to find out more. Aside from the story, there are various items to be found, side quests to be completed, and challenges to be attempted.If you still wonder if you should get this game, well, I'd recommend trying the trial on the Xbox 360, if you have one (or a friend has one and lets you use it to play the trial). If there were a demo on Steam, I'dve recommended that.Seriously though. If you love platformers with a good balance of combat and platforming, you should consider getting this game."
,Recommended,236090,16873538,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,GraGoose,like lord of the rings online but with more tougher bosses and friends dont suck
76561198061441787,Recommended,236090,16977703,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Olafmyth,"Okay the game itself is really good. The story isnt bad either, not the most original but its fine. I just wanna talk about the voice over. Dust is really annoying his voice is so annoying and the nimbat too. Voice acting was bad. But gameplay made up by a lot."
76561198041917037,Recommended,236090,17021223,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sadiebubs,"So where do I start? Visually this game looks amazings. Gameplay wise this game looks amazing. I really like the story. Pretty much all of the important thing are spot on. The only complaint I have is that the dialogue is a bit jenky at times, but over all it is just cute friendly banter. I would say starting off by playing on hardcore mode made the game much more enjoyable for me, and I suggest starting in harcore mode. I would give this game a 9.5/10 because it is a near masterpiece. Valfur morghulos."
,Recommended,236090,17231652,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sakuya Izayoi,"Dust: An Elysian TailThis game is one of my favorite games, considering i've played quite a few it's saying some things. Many things about this game stand out to me, the story is great but it has a slow start. The combat is great with high numbered combos. The graphics are wonderful, nothing more can be said about them, they're beautiful. You don't have to worry about fps lag, the game runs fine on my 6 year old mac. The characters are all very unique, i'm not going to spoil anything about the spoil but a general view can be seen as:You are a warrior whose name is Dust. You wake up in a forest with amnesia not remebering anything (for now at least), and you are on your way attempting to regain your memories. At the beginning, you meet Fidget, a she's a Navi basically.The cutscenes are good with minor flaws in the voice acting.Is this game worth your time? YesIs it worth your money? YesRating? 9.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,19642729,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,aids,This is what happens when a group of furries decide to make a good game.and it truly is a good game.
,Recommended,236090,27344318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chris ☆,"A beautiful game with stunning graphics that is well underrated. An incredible platforming RPG with furries that is very deep in story, has memerable characters, witty dialouge, and excellent controls that work almost flawlessly. The game starts out beautifully being cryptic about the history and how one has to work their way through the game to know more about the characters is really cool. Everything gameplay-wise goes hand-in-hand as everything is tied together in some way that makes Dust shine."
,Recommended,236090,13657376,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[YMN] Imlay the Rabbit,"Oh my god my heart exploded at the ending. AHHH 10/10 Would recomend.Lovable characters, bueatiful artwork, fast paced fighting, plus some platforming.The only people I wouldn't recomend this to are the people who suck at life."
76561198064611716,Recommended,236090,29697099,Posted: 4 February,all,theDaemon,"Should I say ""get it""? I think i should say ""get it NOW"".I often found myself appreciating this game more than playing it. Thats not to say that it's 'slow-paced' or that you have little interaction, but the controls are really fluid, the levels are well-designed (coming from a Souls series veteran), the artstyle is great, the progression is very well done, the story - oh GOD the story. It might as well be personnal preference, but while it is said that both the protagonist and the story are a case of amnesia done right, the road in which you travel towards the memories is so damn amazing. And I'd rather not mention the soundtrack here, or this review will really turn into one Big textwall. The only negative i could think is that bossfights are the game's big weakpoint, but i really didn't mind it.In short, get it. It's pretty much in every medium-big sale out there, and if you have any problem with furry designs, allow me to say this: if, despite ALL of this game's qualities, you're still letting such a meek detail hold you back, then I think there's a bigger problem for you to look into rather than wether or not you'll buy this.Daemon, out."
,Recommended,236090,27481786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Durai,"overwhelming emotional issues after this game... I love it!*edit* Now that i have time to write the full review.The game is amazing, the art style is simple and very beautiful.The combat is old school side scroller perfected in my eyes,and the story is very perfect once you unravel it all.So lets start there at the story,You play as Dust, an Fox-morph anthro character. who cannot remember a thing. you wield a sword who is sentient. Cant really remember it's name as its been a while. Then you have Fidget who is a support/Navi type character. Now hold on before you walk away.Fidget is not annoying! Shes hilarious. She breaks the fourth wall like mad and is very adorable.Dust is very cliche hero type who lost memory yet fights the 'bad' guys to learn about himself. yet it really works out with how the story plays.Youll fight through and meet a series of other characters from a blacksmith squirrel, who has the crazy hots for Dust, to a mysteriously cliche loner female who looks like she could be related to Dust.The combat;Now heres the fun part, combat is very fast paced once you get mid to late game. EArly game its semi slow semi fast. Youll have a few magical attacks but its mostly combo skills youll be working with, each help and there is some fun to juggle lifeless corpses endlessly....Visuals;Artisticly beautiful, the art matches the game. It really captures alot of details for a cartoony sorta look but the areas youll see will really make you feel sorta awed.Emotional factor!Now here is the big kicker, i originally got the game cause i don't see many 'furry' styled games. I find them really unique and interesting (hey grew up on some old furstyled games, don't judge)after playing and beating... i was emotionally hurt, There is a sad level factor to it that i won't spoil.but after this game i couldn't help but search for more and more emotional like games to make me have all the feels.So honestly in the end i give this game a 9/10The reason i give it a 9, is because there is no sequel yet... it needs a sequel!"
76561198051601424,Recommended,236090,28745505,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jaacii,"+Art+Characterdesign+tornado-attack-final boss (have to defeat him 3times, if you fail, you have to do it all again)-i don´t like the protagonist"
76561198308450498,Recommended,236090,28688252,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KobeMyth,"i played for 10 minuets and i have to say i like the game, my friend recommended it and so do i"
,Recommended,236090,20632132,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Panturix,"A great game.Dust: An Elysian Tail features an amazing soundtrack, great graphics, a lot of interesting mechanics and concepts as well as a pretty interesting main story. There's some minor annoyances (see: jumping puzzles, certain npcs) but overall this game is to be recommended for who enjoys spending time on 2D Jump'n'runs."
76561198070614150,Recommended,236090,14402147,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Turkey55,"I have played quite a few platformers and i have to admit this game is something special. From the opening to the final battle this game just has so much care and concideration put into it it truly amzed me. This game stands out from all other games, it is so creative and innovative its amazing"
76561197993055223,Recommended,236090,7976196,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Halroth,"A fantastic combat platformer.  Excelent combat system that never stops being fun.  Brings back memories of older classics like Ninja Gaiden, megaman and Castlevania (more then litterally in the last case).  A very good story that is only smudged by a sharp character behavior twist right at the end, and one important question which is never asked which leaves a critical modivation unknown."
,Recommended,236090,10243479,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,HaloEliteLegend,"I'll say this now - Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful game. Players are presented with a rich, hand-drawn world. The game has awesome music, which makes it all the more epic.Cutscenes are fully voice acted, and the voice acting is awesome. Oh, and did I mention that cutscenes have cool hand-drawn animations, too?The gameplay is great, and makes you feel like a beast when slashing through enemies."
,Recommended,236090,10225541,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Inu Kazane,Totally worth the money!!!
76561198093238588,Recommended,236090,19336788,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,moki987,This game has such a great story and its very fun 10/10 fur meh
,Recommended,236090,31914146,Posted: 23 May,all,Jaaaan =),najsaaaa
76561198083856867,Recommended,236090,28921734,Posted: 1 January,all,CaesarMC97,"Nice story, very nice gameplay (you deserve to try it), good soundtrack."
76561198056131417,Recommended,236090,28928449,Posted: 1 January,all,Xalio,i love the game and the story is amazing
76561197991332277,Recommended,236090,8586077,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,keeneo70,"Art and dialogue are cheesy. The animation is good but its like animating a furry obsessed, middle-schoolers character designs.  Combat is fun and the metroid style pulls me in.  Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236090,10228203,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DJane,Reminds me old 2d platformers played on Gameboy and First PS.ALSO Tails as your companion!
76561198051150112,Recommended,236090,33242120,Posted: 4 July,all,huluobo,"Visually nice, but wasn't for me"
76561197967144414,Recommended,236090,33203495,Posted: 3 July,all,somO [♥♦♣♠],Incredible game. BUY IT NOW.
76561198268411967,Recommended,236090,33293773,Posted: 5 July,all,Mattronic1016,It's very fun but it just has way too much furry.
,Recommended,236090,33144904,Posted: 2 July,all,WHEREISSPACEBAR,Lots of furryismLots of sidequestsGreat game10/10
76561198096844323,Recommended,236090,26587686,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zhe Ulrik,"my playtime says it all. not a furry? no matter, you don't have to be one to enjoy this game. iz gud."
76561198038990541,Recommended,236090,8643463,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Forsaken,"A decent, albeit very short, side scroller. Picture Ninja Gaiden coupled with hand painted scenary and a decidedly Anime-style art direction, though quite easier even on the highest difficulty settings. The story feels a little rushed, and by the end a bit cliche, but if you have a few hours to kill, Dust: An Elysian Tail may be worth your time. Get it on sale, as the $3-4 pricetag is easier to swallow than $15 for a game so short."
76561198164875187,Recommended,236090,27621949,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ItsTaco,Its good game the story and animtoin good but its a litel bit op but i give it 4.5/5 stars go buy it
,Recommended,236090,11935641,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Circus Of Values,Best game i have played in a long time! BUY IT
,Recommended,236090,28779546,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Draylynn,A well made game with a beautiful story.
,Recommended,236090,8617112,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Grumpy Drizzle,"A great metrovenia-like game. Rather short but the fighting system, beatiful backgrounds, and interesting story make up for it."
,Recommended,236090,16477104,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Alienpope,The most fun I've had with a platformer.NO YOU ARE ALL WRONG! Fidget is not anoying ;_;
,Recommended,236090,8004136,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,commodore256,"Fantastic! The game is a work of art. It has the gameplay of Symphony of the Night, but it feels like a Don Bluth Movie with TotalBiscuit's nickname for this game ""Dust: An American Tail"".Had I known it was gonna be this good, I would of bought it at full price. ( and I never do that, it's that good)However, my only gripe with this game is it's too easy."
76561198093529058,Recommended,236090,8387404,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr. K,"Don't let anyone talk you out of this game. This game has solid gameplay, incredible visuals and animations, a pretty good story line with plenty of surprises, great voice acting, lovely music, and can usually take up to 12-16 hours to fully complete (if you're quick enough). Don't let the whole ""the characters are all animals"" thing stop you. If you're a fan of Metroidvania style gameplay, than this is must own.Just remember one thing while you're playing this game: aside from the music, voice acting, and sound effects, this was all made by one man."
,Recommended,236090,764306,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Sencho,"Amazing graphics, beautiful sound and character design, fully voiced dialogue, percise controls, awesome combo mechanics, cool crafting system and skill points to spend on stats. I love this game and you will too!"
,Recommended,236090,1851303,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Aleth,This gem is one of the best game ever.
,Recommended,236090,33666251,Posted: 19 July,all,UltraMario,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a great example of why passion for your work is the most important part of making a game. One man set his heart to making it, and the final product is an entertaining metroidvania RPG with fantastic visuals and music. The characters had much effort put into their voices and personalities as you might find yourself growing quite close to some of them, especially the main characters, who develop quite believably as the game progresses. The story kept me invested the whole way through, and was even able to bring out some of my emotions at certain parts.I'm not trying to say this is a perfect game, there are certain aspects that some might find less enjoyable than myself. For instance, while Fidget might my favorite character in the game, some might see her as rather obnoxious. The combat is fun and fast-paced but I can see it getting a bit dull for some. The story and dialogue can get a bit cheesy at points, but if you've seen any anime, you should probably be used to that by this point. For some people the character designs might be a bit of a turn off, and if that's the only thing holding you back from trying it out, then believe me that everything else about the game is well worth playing it and you shouldn't miss out for such a minor detail.Thanks for reading my review, if this encourages at least one person to get the game, then I'll be quite satisfied."
,Recommended,236090,8046221,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,yukkin,very fun RPG! I enjoy it so much!!!
,Recommended,236090,9404264,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,shadowmegaman26,This game is pretty well done followed by the characters have great voice acting to go well with the story its basically a normal hack and slash but also something that has alot of side quest and it doesnt really get to boring unless you forgot where you were goingI definitly recommend this game
,Recommended,236090,33775208,Posted: 24 July,all,The Knightwalker,"I hate furries as much as you do, but give this game a try. It's really good."
76561198329591706,Recommended,236090,33155205,Posted: 2 July,all,Lazercatmaster,awesome game I loved the music art characters and story. I hope there is a sequel.  10/10
76561198063622439,Recommended,236090,28550730,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Trevor the troll pony,<3 so much this game is both beautiful and well written with even the minor characters being interesting.
,Recommended,236090,22259079,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Aqua,Furries are cool
76561197990927181,Recommended,236090,32393907,Posted: 13 June,all,Kid [A],"One of the best Metroidvania's ever made. Incredible art, incredible combat, strong story and characters. To me, this is second only to Symphony of the Night in the Metroidvania genre. Must have!"
76561198244371872,Recommended,236090,32402718,Posted: 13 June,all,oook,amazing storyfantastic charactersgood art and musiccompletely worth my money
,Recommended,236090,228798,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"Even though the game revolves around a rather simple plotline, it is conveyed in such a manner that it keeps the player interested.Gameplay is otherwise completely awesome and a good throwback to the good old DMC series... when it... didn't suck so much.However, the said '14+ hours for COMPLETE playthrough' is a bit sketchy, I usually take my generous time playing a game and I managed to do it in 11 hours, getting a 117% completion and ofcourse the max level simply by engaging every encounter.The search for (and collection of) all sorts of easter eggs and unlockables brings back memories of simpler games back in the old days. However, the fact that every single noticable indie game is referenced (somehow) in this game, makes me wonder how many people exactly paid to get their face into this game.I would generously recommend anyone that enjoys an action/adventure hack'n'slash rpg to give this a try, it might just change your view about some things."
,Recommended,236090,32356981,Posted: 11 June,all,bswan551,"A wonderful example of a metroidvania style game, and a must have in anyones collection."
,Recommended,236090,17449439,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Grizz,"It's not very often a game gets me to feel the way I felt about this game. A beautiful story about finding out who you truely are and what you are meant to be. The story was the most amazing one I've seen in a video game in a very, very long time. Flawlessly executed with amazing gameplay, Dust: An Elysian Tail makes you think in more ways than one.It's not a very long game, but it's not an insanely short one either. Dean Dodrill really found the sweet spot when it comes to how long a game should be.Gameplay wise it was just a bit repetitive, but there isn't much you can do about that with a 2D game such as this one. But I feel like the point of this game wasn't to give the most spectacular game when it comes to mashing buttons, but I really did have fun breaking in my new controller, but I feel it was really about the story it had to tell.Overall, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful game with a great atmosphere and a pleasing art style. It tried it's best in all aspects and exceeded my expectations to the fullest, even when they were set fairly high from the other reviews I'd read about this game.If you are in the market for a new 2D adventure platformer, I cannot reccomend this game enough. And for only $15, it's worth every cent."
76561198046581669,Recommended,236090,32383784,Posted: 13 June,all,LESTAD ◥▶_◀◤,I like it. The story is good. The humor is innocent and nice. The slash-slush gameplay is fun.
,Recommended,236090,7491027,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,KrystalMath,"Nice artwork and smooth combat system. Very good 2D side-scrolling game, with pretty good voice acting. Good if you are looking for a fairly casual game."
,Recommended,236090,32552935,Posted: 18 June,all,Maggot Brain,"Note: For single-player games (or the single-player portion of certain games), I only review runs completed on normal (or equivalent) or higher difficulty.Recommended to any platforming fan - although calling it Metroidvania is a bit of a stretch. I'd say Metroidvania-lite is more appropriate. Great story, truly fun gameplay, graphics are appropriate to the style of game. Voice acting could have used some work, but considering the very indie-nature of the game, doesn't really detract from the overall polished experience.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,14771843,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,YiffSlap,Loved the beautiful art and  satisfying gameplay.  Cringed at the badly dubbed anime tier writing and furry overtones.
,Recommended,236090,9380428,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Giovanni,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2D Metriod-Vania game with anthropomorphic animal characters originally for the XBOX Live arcade so it is compatible with a XBOX Controller or PC controllers in general.Story (Avoiding spoilers for the review):The game starts you off with Dust (You/Main Character) in the wood, not remebering a single thing about his past. During your journey, you'll be joined by a character named Fidget and will help you on your quest to remeber you past but short after you find a threat along the land and thus begins you adventure.There are around 20 side quests and enjoyable. Story is short and can be finished around 4-6 hours.Controls:You have the option of Keyboard only, Mouse and Keyboard or a PC controller. All keys are fully rebindable. All the control methods are great which I had no problems at all durning my playthrough.Combat:The game does have only one single wepon being the ""Blade of Arah"". Sure it would have been nide to have more so you could do more combos and such but it makes since cause of story. And it didnt affect my enjoyment of the game at all.You will have about 4 combo's, but in this game it doesnt matter in my opinion. With some attack combos you will be able to jugle mobs in the air as long as you keep the combo going.Visuals are stunningly beautiful aswell.Overall a great game, it is short but for 15 dollar's I dont see why not.Pro's:-Enjoyable combat-Get a laugh every while from the jokes.-Stunning Visuals-Low Price-No noticable bugs. (unless speed running the game)-Short, which is nice for busy people with not alot of time on they're handsCon's-Voice acting is ok... Quality of audio is good but the emotions arent really good.-Normal dificulty is somewhat easy.-Boss fight are easy even on hardcore dificulty-No replay vaule if you care about that."
76561198005774899,Recommended,236090,25226437,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,3 Laws Safe,"quirky, lovable, and just plain fun gameplay!Definately worth a look."
,Recommended,236090,9336815,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,H3H3 \/\ Poingi \/\,2 Words: ♥♥♥♥ing Beautiful.
76561197961900714,Recommended,236090,12015334,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Optimus Yarnspinner,"This game was very well thought out and executed in design and gameplay. I really enjoyed the retro feel of the game, for instance having to go back to the very first levels with abilities gained from some of the last. The build up of the storyline was pretty great but once the main character's true identity is revealed it's actually quite a big let down. After playing the Final Fantasy series and many other RPGs with fantastically written plot lines, this game is severely lacking in that department. Excellent game overall."
,Recommended,236090,15693449,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Anomaly,"This is a really fun game! The art is beutiful and the game mechanics are really fun as well! The only negative in this game is furries, everything is a furry! But once you get past that this is a really great game!"
76561198079866194,Recommended,236090,12469970,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Brooklyn Rage!,This game is amazing but I lost interset about 10 hrs in due to the gameplay getting repettive.Still great game.
,Recommended,236090,7981423,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Rytnek,"Very Dynamic, very fluid, nice music. Lovin' it !"
,Recommended,236090,16484158,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Supreme Psychosis,"Really beautiful game and enemies are kind of simple to beat up but still hard to beat the game if hardest difficulty. The story is really cool because you can decide how do you want to end the game.Couple side characters are really interesting a specially Fidget, who help you all the time :3 I heard that a sequel is coming. I hope that they keep doing as pretty and amazing games as Dust: An Elysian Tail <3"
76561198016818946,Recommended,236090,29452247,Posted: 23 January,all,animalmagic,"This is a really good game, enjoyable - a bit different."
,Recommended,236090,29558555,Posted: 28 January,all,Eagle,"great story line, awesome graphics, satisfying missions, unique fights.though it was a little cheesy, that's the only annoying thing about it.overall:9/10"
,Recommended,236090,29573470,Posted: 29 January,all,ツBuddy★,"One word to persuade you into buying this game:Fidget Is Cute.Just kidding, but seriously.Play this game asap if you already don't have it.Summary of the first 20 minutes of gameplayDust: An Elysian Tail is about a Blue Fox named Dust who had lost and died in a battle(?), which resulted in him being bestowed upon a sword, which was previously being guarded by Fidget, a small little cute Orange Bat which joins Dust on an adventure.That was my first 20 minutes with the game. Also, on my channel, I play this, but as of 1/29/17, only 1 part has arisen.My FPS Counter (based off a low/medium-end laptop)LowestA constant 60 fps (Locked the fps to 60)MediumConstant 60 fps (Very few drops)Highest50-60 fps (Would drop, but not as noticeable)ConclusionBuy this game like right now. It goes on sale alot, so even then, pick it up. The game is a cute little quirky game that should not be underrated.THE DOLPHIN-O-RATE 9000 GIVES DUST: AN ELYSIAN TAIL:10/10!BUY IT!NOW!"
,Recommended,236090,29436780,Posted: 22 January,all,frogmancdw,Fast paced cartoonish action. Fluid combos. With some tongue and cheek humor
,Recommended,236090,29448683,Posted: 23 January,all,Tophat and Monocle,"This game is amazing, especially for a PC port. High grafics, amazing art and a mind blowing sound track."
,Recommended,236090,29575952,Posted: 29 January,all,A Trap,For one guy making this game. It's pretty damn good. Looking forward to playing more games by him.
,Recommended,236090,29476636,Posted: 24 January,all,Hikari Akiyama,so old yets so fun
76561198157541327,Recommended,236090,29591320,Posted: 30 January,all,Fasder Rally,"YES YES, A THOUSAND TIMES YES... god this game is fun, so much fun, running around, hack and slashing, or the more serious boss fightsthis game has it all, flowing battle, fun combos, good boss fights, and the plot is great too.only thing i can say about it is that you should play at least on the tough difficulty, or it would be too easy.i bought it on a sale, but it sure as hell worth the full price, so just go ahead and buy it. to think this game was made by only one person, im completely amazed. i hope more games from this creator will come in the future."
76561198044907348,Recommended,236090,29701164,Posted: 4 February,all,Mike Fluff,"One of my favorite games on my library. I love the art style, I love the story, I even love the somewhat iffy voice acting."
76561198081664580,Recommended,236090,29726320,Posted: 5 February,all,Lord Cio,It runs in my pc.
,Recommended,236090,29581967,Posted: 30 January,all,bye,"Dust:AET was an amazing game! Interesting mechanics and unique story. Not sure if the story progressed a little too fast, or I just played too much for a few days straight haha. It's a compliment eitherways. Even more amazing knowing that this was created by a 1-man team.Bad sides: Fidget remained very weak until the end. It feels that Fidget got put aside gameplay-wise. Fidget may have been more useful if energy (used for Fidget's magic and dash) went up as you progressed through the game."
76561198092872065,Recommended,236090,29732310,Posted: 5 February,all,jedihunter,really good game 9/10
76561197980136917,Recommended,236090,29755011,Posted: 6 February,all,DarkChocobo,"""As the dust settles...""+ Lovely cartoon style art+ Simple and fun combat system+ Addicting upgrade gear path and crafting+ A fun platformer that breathes fresh air back into the genre- Needs more combo patterns and finishers- Story is just enough to provide context but nothing greatPlaying Dust: An Elysian Tail was a treat. The game looks pretty with its cartoon inspired artwork and the mood the game sets allows for a relaxing and enjoyable experience throughout the 20 hours spent.  The combo mashing sequences holds up but would benefit from more depth. The gear upgrade path sends kisses towards game such as Diablo and RNG loot adds a tad bit of the digital addiction.  This game reinvigorates the love of platformers from the yesteryears but truly excels at creating an overall fun and whimsical environment.4/5"
76561198022803000,Recommended,236090,12047682,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,mordos,"Good game, just make sure to up the difficulty to highest or second highest."
76561198075236773,Recommended,236090,10836363,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Playercpu,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is by far one of the greatest games i've ever played. The characters are all great, and full of comedy. (I'd recommend playing this game for fidget's witty comments alone!) The story is outstanding, and i quite enjoyed it a lot. The art style is quite awesome as well. By far, Dust is My favorite game i've played in a long time."
76561197970078168,Recommended,236090,11919612,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,hermetico,"Highly recommended.Imagine a blend of Diablo, Sonic and Rayman, without Rayman's puzzles and with chilly-manga characters and that, frenzy combat way that asian people love. Story is traditional to this kind of old school games, but good enough. Platforms doesn't need you to accurately jump here or there  (except in very counted spots) to end the level, they are there just to avoid to make the path a plain horizontal scroll but, that's all.Increassing difficulty. Stores (buy and sell). Artifacts building. Experience. Etc.It has a bit of everything but doesn't go so deep in every style so, it satisfies a broader range of people, I guess.Very addictive. Masterfully programmed. Smooth and funny playing.After Rayman, probably the best platform/rpg game I played."
,Recommended,236090,1441095,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Astrowizard,"I love this nice and fluffy action-packed game. Normal mode is extremely user-friendly, so don't be afraid to play Dust, even if this genre is new to you.The only downside is that a humourous and lighthearted storytelling is mixed with sudden emo moments. For example, I was absolutely sure that protagonist was trolling Reed throughout a certain dialogue... until it ended."
76561198058328768,Recommended,236090,7607142,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Blanket Man,"Simply FANTASTIC GAME! Has one of the best, no THE BEST plot in any game i've ever played. The gameplay is exciting, fast paced and satisfying. Although you can generally slash through hordes of monsters with ease, if you miss a hit in a combo, or let just one hit you, the others may just constantly keep you down and BOOM your dead.  Incredibly good, favorite game to date. My only complaint is that it is a rather short game, and i hope that there will be a sequal. so in all, my FAVORITE game of all time, buy it or miss out."
76561198040305040,Recommended,236090,7532943,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Witches and Beed,"Absolutely stunning game! Visuals are second-to-none, combat is always fun and rewards player skill, beautiful music and great story (I have some gripes with 1 or 2 voice actors but overall characters are interesting and memorable) 9.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,1566451,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,YukoValis,"Where do I begin?  This game is utterly amazing.  The art is beautiful, the music is pleasent, and the characters are well defined.   The combat is really fast and wild, and yet at the same time handles very well.There are lot's of secret places, and yes it's a bit metriodvania.  There is a good amount of items to get, but you will only really use half.   The game can be very easy unless you turn up the difficulty, or equip negative items.   The characters can be so adorable, and the dialog is pretty well written and voiced.   Most importantly the game can last 20+ hours if you intend on getting everything.   This is will worth every penny."
76561198135234107,Not Recommended,236090,33935516,Posted: 31 July,all,Valepernikus,I really like this game but i have a problem it keep crashing at the start of act 1 after you leave the village it loads a map when i see the map it crash i have try 4 times the samme crash happes again and again.
,Recommended,236090,4756521,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,salt life,"so like, they hit the combat system spot on. The art style is unique in an intersting kind of way. But all the characters being furries, having incredibly anyyoing voices, and animation out of a playstation 1 game keeps it from being good."
76561198024972696,Recommended,236090,3579241,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,DALCOhstangultion,"Just finished Dust:  An Elysian Tail.  It took me about 36 hours to finish while getting 26 out of 30 Achievements.  An excellent game.   I'm very surprised at how much I liked it.  The game is a platformer in an anime style and I don't care much for either of those things.  Some of the anime stuff is a bit corny, but the game play, the story, and the technical aspects of the game are all excellent.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,236090,18852968,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Superbly animated and well implemented scrolling battler/adventure game with a story reminiscent of Saturday morning cartoons.
,Recommended,236090,8264848,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kavery,"A really enjoyable game. I'd give it 9/10A simple platform hack and slash with a flowing combat system that is fun to play with. Hardcore presents a challenge where most things kill in a shot or two. Otherwise even one difficultly easier and the fights are very easy where even button mashing will get ya though.The story is thouht out and nicly draws in the user, but a little shallow. What makes this games great instead of good though is though the soundtrack and voice acting, the little cutsences which bring out the character of dust and fidget (I love fidget in the game). Where the story depth falls a little short the character depth brings the game to life.The game is visually beatifulal round, as can be seen in the screenshots.A simple leveling system with four focuses that uses a mechanic to help keep in line with the game progession. No single stat can been more than 4 above the lowest. it maybe overlooked but it works well to keep with a balanced ""Dust"" as game intended and still gives the feel of freedom of choice in how to bulid there hero.The only problem that ever irrateded me in the ame s the blueprint mechanic. pick up a blue print and ya have 2 options. eave it cloging the inventory or craft it. It cost the same to craft as to sell plus ya have to use materials as well which either end up picking more up for or havi ng to buy.break down of why 9/10Gameplay      10Story             8Character      10Graphics        10Mechanics     9Sound/Music 10For any unsure buyer i'd suest this to any and all. A must have ame to for causal and hardcore player alike.Thanks for ya time. Kavery"
,Recommended,236090,682465,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Serathis[HUN],"Holy s**t guys, this could be the next Cave Story. Buyitbuyitbuy!"
76561198024949177,Recommended,236090,3575887,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,ignis[ru],"Damn good, if you like JRPG."
,Recommended,236090,2059586,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Alexander,4/5 **** For ♥♥♥♥ sake buy this game! No really this is one of the best titles I have ever come across.
,Recommended,236090,9793519,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Slacker Darksoul,"One of the best games i've ever played, well worth the $15. Mechanics are simple and the game is easy enough but the story is well worth it."
76561197989036675,Recommended,236090,8891518,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,aesiR,Eh.
76561198130514798,Recommended,236090,12067511,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"This is an excellent action platformer. So much in this game was done so right it hurts.Pros:Excellent controls. Never was I fighting with a bad control scheme. Everything was always fluid.Special attention was paid to pacing in this game. It make absolute certain not to throw too much at you at once. I really appreciate that. Even the cutscenes were well-spaced and short so you never felt like the game was holding your hand too much. :-DVery fun. It's a whole lot of fun slicing up enemies.Exceedingly well-adapted to running in Linux. I don't have to keep moving the mouse to keep my screen on. You have no idea how important this is to me.Likeable characters. Good storyline.Excellent level design.Metroid-vania-esque map system lends itself well to this type of game.Animations are exceedingly well-done. (The game looks amazing)Cons:Fidget is annoyingLike, really *really* annoying.Story is a bit predictable. Hero with amnesia must rescue world ... because reasons.I can get past the cartoony (ahem) ""furry"" characters. this game is a great addition for any SteamBox. Hours of fun and in-depth gameplay.Disclaimer: I'm not too far in the game. I'm level four, on hardcore mode, and I just beat the first boss."
76561198018885520,Recommended,236090,3203364,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Necrotech_Master,"This game was very fun, it has a great storyline and gameplay as well as a lot of hidden things and references.  The gameplay is kind of a platformer and hack and slash similar to that of castlevania games. definitely would recommend playing this one."
,Recommended,236090,8506334,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,lil Joshu,"My Initial Response to dust: A contented smile.Dust is a beautiful platformer. However, as a warning, if you play on the hardest mode, your health and defense stats are neigh worthless, because you can either dodge everything, or one hit is going to kill you anyway.And that's not a bad thing if you're a fan of masochistic gaming like super meat boy. (Though you don't HAVE to play on the hardest mode if you don't want to.)The plot is a little cliche' but well approached, and if you find fourth-wall breakage funny, fidget's your gal. It's definately one I'd recommend."
76561198060518343,Recommended,236090,6171209,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Supa-Troopa,"A beautiful, if a little bit simple, game.Raise some Dust! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,236090,3135866,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Timeraider,"Timeraider's Review Time:Dust2d sideview platformer/massive fightingGamplay: 9/10Graphics: 8.5/10Performance: 8.5/10Problems/bugs/glitches: 8/10Storyline: 9/10Emotional attachment/ general immersion: 10/10General score: 9/10Additional comments:I am usually not the guy to play sideview fighters, especially chaotic ones. However this game .. it deserves everything. The graphics are great and fit the gameplay.. not to detailed and slightly cartoony, while maintaining the resolution and graphical advancements found in the newer games.The gameplay is great .. it has nice performance on even weak PC's and the game just feels very smooth. Pressing 30 buttons per second will happen, but it wont show even the slightest microstutter on the screen.. its all fluid and smooth.The storyline is very immersive (ive heard people actually pinked away a tear and i myself felt touched at some moments to so far) and the game keeps you in a tight lock .. im known for never finishing games, which is a trait alot of gamers suffer from. However since ive started playng this game im stuck to the screen and will certainly finish this (will be my third pc game ive ever finished in the last 8 years (others were Trine 2 and.. Star Wars Battlefront 2 i believe)...This was my short recommendation. If you want a full review..  sorry but i dont do those. You can always ask me questions though :P"
76561198023047699,Recommended,236090,25570769,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Frankenllama,The ending had me in tears...5/7 would cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561198020144608,Recommended,236090,26042912,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,236090,16786543,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bloody,"impossible on hardcore mode.(as it should be.)_pretty much  everything can and will one hit kill you.you will absolutely have to play through the game atleast once on a lower difficulty to get the timing right on certain enemies, before you can move on  to the tough/hardcore settings.its got great art and  rapidly adds new moves/tools.i highly reccomend this game if you are looking for a time consuming and very tough challenge.dont let the art fool you, this game is as tough as any 2s platformer out there."
,Recommended,236090,33339080,Posted: 7 July,all,Hole,스테이지 고르는 곳에서 뜬금없이 팅기는 것 빼면 정말 내 취향에 잘 맞은 게임
76561198257834147,Recommended,236090,33351065,Posted: 7 July,all,Yooper63,Overall a very beautiful game that I thouroughly enjoyed playing. Great story and really good gameplay.
76561197978139805,Recommended,236090,780296,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Skooma Cat,"I already have this game on the 360, but I bought it again on Steam because it's got some graphical enhancements, but also because the game is just that damn good and the creator deserves my money a second time. His product is that good. If you have ANY love of 2-D action games, buy this immediately."
,Recommended,236090,1477462,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Xan,"Nobody has a better pitch for this game than TotalBiscuit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taRJkbnEgK4I bought the game even before the video was over!Seriously though, this game deserves a sale simply for the achievement of its singular developer/artist. But there's more! There's the actual game which is very addictive and fluid.It's not normally my type of game, but I'm enjoying it immensely."
,Recommended,236090,7953275,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,RiceGum took the L,"In my 19 minutes of playing this game, I can already say I recommend it, 100%.This game is everything you could want in an action rpg. Dust has an amazing art style with fluid, engaging combat. The music is fantastic and the voice acting is really good for a game that is developed with such a small funding.The story line is really fresh and makes you feel very sympathetic to it's characters. Not often am I impressed by a game this much. I would highly recommend this game. A game this polished, creative and entertaining to not be played would be a crime. Not to mention it was developed by ONE guy alone.PS: The music is just HEAVENLY, I would go as far as to say this is the best soundtrack I've ever heard in a game since Kingdom Hearts"
,Recommended,236090,7728876,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Sally the Meme Witch,"It's not great. The gameplay is alright. It's basically Muramasa: The Demon Blade with much less combat depth and some finiky platforming, but it's fun (until the final level where every enemy is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. The game looks nice but the character art style does tend to clash with the themes the game deals with (which is to say it looks like the Berenstein Bears are talking about Genocide). The theming also clashes with the occasional joke about video games, and overall it's kind of a frustrating experience. But I'd say it's still worth a look because whoever made this game clearly gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236090,1386226,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Siggan,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is probably one of the best games I've ever played. Litterally.The art is amazing and the animations are flawless. The controlls are fast and precise. The story itself could use some polishing, even then the story is a masterpiece in comparision to what big companies throw out to us gamers nowadays; and this game was made by a single person! The port from Xbox 360 to PC is one of the most astonishing ports I've ever witnessed in any game what so ever. Buy it. Now."
,Recommended,236090,13676655,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DavidGX,"A fun, beautiful game with fantastic voice acting. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,10929246,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,king_ruckus,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the better games I've played in the last five years.  It's a side scrolling Action RPG that's sure to remind old school gamers of Metroid, Castilevania, and Mega Man for starters.  There are various clever nods to other games that I won't spoil for you here.  Let's just say that if you've been gaming for a while, you've bound to see a reference to at least one game you've heard of over the last couple of years.This game looks wonderful and has a great soundtrack.  The voice actors and actresses bring their A game.  You can see videos of outtakes and recording sessions on YouTube.  The two leads make a great team and I hope to hear them in other games together soon.The hero and sidekick, Dust and Fidget, compliment each other really well.  Fidget is more than just the usual comic relief you get in most games, she uses projectile attacks which work in tandem with Dust's melee assault.  The higher your combo chain, the more bonus EXP you'll get from each battle.Dust:AET supports the standard modes of play, keyboard, keyboard and mouse, or controller.  I am just at the end of my first playthrough using a controller, no real issues to speak of.This game is also available on the Xbox 360 if you don't have a PC that can run it.  If anything, I strongly recommend at least trying the demo there.  This is a pretty solid game that offers more than many bigger budget titles have over the last few years.  I'm putting it on my list of favorite games.  I'm not sure where on that list just yet, but it deserves a spot.  Couldn't recommend this game more, play it now."
76561198025709853,Recommended,236090,3659684,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,morninglurker,"This was a REALLY fun game. I'm not 100% sure why though, really, but it was fun enough that I got 100% completion. All secret areas, all treasures, everything but getting max points in the challenge arenas (that's next). It's fun enough that once I did everything I decided to start a game on hardcore dificulty, and I'm enjoying my second playthough just as much. Gameplay is super fluid and pretty, with relatively easy and just the right amount of combos for you to tear baddies up while feeling like a badass and not needing, or even wanting, to just spam an attack. The RPG elements sit pretty and provide a good feeling of progression and advancement. The crafting system doesn't feel grindy, and the gear that you get can massively mulitiply item drops, gold drops, and exp gains, if you're lacking in an area midway through. I think the ability unlock progression is great as well, and contributes to good level design."
76561198018629751,Recommended,236090,9588265,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Oxeye,"If you dont feel like reading all this picky-but-positive writing, just know that this game, in a word, is awesome. A must-play.This game did a fantastic job on keeping me deeply immersed through the whole thing. Though I did not see the narritive show much through gameplay mechanics, it was still delivered strongly enough through dialouge. I got to know the characters well, credit to the writers and fully-casted voice acting crew. The art, soundtrack, characters, and story's conflict and reolution were great to experience.I found the combat mechanics to be very solid; I got frusturated a few times, but was able to retry lost battles with a different approach, which made things still engaging.There are a good number of sidequests to do throughout, and my engagement with the game made me feel compelled to do all of them. I never felt tangled up even though I held at least four at a time; most of them get comlpeted smoothly as you go.The only thing I found negative, which broke the immersion once or twice, is a few voice-acting recording mistakes. Plus, I think Dust's voice sounds like that of a teenager who is trying too hard to sound epic and emotional. This still adds to Dust's character though.Lastly, (light spoiler) this is one of just a few games so far that have nearly made me cry at the end. I was so engaged."
76561198067169816,Recommended,236090,16257535,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Half Aluminum Chemist,"This game is more art than most ""real art"" these days."
,Recommended,236090,8942496,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Happy Trails,"There are so many reasons why i love this game. First off if you are a fan of classic metroid or castlevania stop reading and buy this, just do it and you'll be happy you did. Dust is the first game I've played in a long time that is so good it makes me want to play other games less, anytime i go to play another game i think 'or i could play dust' and nine times out of ten dust wins. The art is so lush and beautiful it not only serves as a refreshing break from the standard grey, brown, and sadness that games have adopted as of late, but it's also its own reward. I found myself playing through areas just to get to see the backgrounds. The combat is simple but especially on the higher difficuilties is hard to master and rewards experimentation with different types of magic and strike combos. The skill tree is basic but deep enough to merit repeat playthroughs to see what various builds yield. The real tresure though is the characters who are all likeable, distinct, and sympathetic making sidequests feel like a genuine treat and not just a chore."
,Recommended,236090,7415934,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,GlhrmCst,f*cking beautiful and nostalgic
76561198001290377,Recommended,236090,10797470,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AkaiKuroba,"Awesome game, fun gameplay and an ok story but I had a hard time taking it seriously due to it's art style. But otherwise it's a good game."
76561198003380651,Recommended,236090,22762312,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,beyondtool,It is hard to fathom how one man can build a game so beautiful and polished when teams and large budgets fail at this type of thing.
,Recommended,236090,32852376,Posted: 27 June,all,I_Am_Proto,"The story, gameplay, and characters (especially Fidget) are either funny or just good. An easy classic."
,Not Recommended,236090,23689244,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,LivingTrash,"**DISCLAIMER** Before I begin this review I would like to point out that I am not a genius when it comes to spectacle fighter or I guess “beat em up” games. Many would argue this game also has a lot of influence from the “metroidvania” style of gameplay which I am more aware of. However I disagree with this accusation and will return to it later in the gameplay analysis. The only games of the beat em up genre I have played is Devil May Cry, Bayonetta 2, and Metal Gear Revengence. So I am mainly going to be comparing a experience to those games, which may be unfair considering that bayonetta 2 is considered by many to be a damn near perfect game, but ♥♥♥♥ you this is my review and not yours.Graphics and Sound - Now let’s get all of the good out of the way before we get to the bad. Dust is a really ♥♥♥♥ing good looking game. Most spectacle fighters have an established aesthetic and this blows aways all the previously mentioned games. Everything feels hand drawn which might take part in the fact that this game is only 1.6 ♥♥♥♥ing gigabytes. With all the lighting and very VERY optimized performance, I would have at least expected 10 gigabytes.  The only thing I would complain about the visual experience is the enemy animation. More than often they look kind of like flash stick figures. The sound also isn’t something to scoff at. The deep orchestral sounds blaring in the background make a lot of the fights that more intense. I would talk further on the sound but a lot of the times the sound fell buried by all of the sword sounds and combo counter. I could have just turned down the sound and keep the volume at height so this isn’t really a valid complaint but it kind of annoys me that one would have to do that in the first place.Gameplay - Ok now let's get to the♥♥♥♥♥♥show. The combat at first is really intriguing. Although the game doesn’t have a specific strong attack, Dust has a blade spinning thingy that is used to chain combos together. The sidekick can also add in magic to the blade spinny thingy in order to make some seizure inducing explosions of fire, lightning, and some other weird magic stuff. But unfortunately that’s as creative as the fighting gets. Outside of the blade spinny thing you only have five combos to work with including the aerial attacks. This combined with lack of enemy variety and crap boss design made the game feel incredibly bland and repetitive a little bit before the second half. I played this game on on the second highest difficulty and after the first mini boss the game difficulty skyrocketed downwards. The magic + blade spinny thing felt highly exploitable throughout the entire game and some of the gear felt the same way. I used two rings that gave me a 6x time chance of finding rare gear which turned my into a tank of defence and attack. The rings also gave me so much food that I didn’t even have to worry about getting hit because I could just rely off my incredible food supply. I never even had to use the shop because literally all of the highest gear that he sold was immediately out done by my drop rates. There are some inaccessible areas that can only be accessed by continuing the story, The story eventually provides power ups that allows Dust to climb vines or slip through small places. This is where the idea that the game is a metroidvania follower comes in. Backtracking in Metroid was almost always beneficial because Samus could find a boost in health, amnution, or even a new power that will progress the game. All of the rewards for backtracking in Dust is randomly dropped loot to add in ever increasing pile of unneeded coins, food, and overpowered gear. Dust increases health and attack through leveling.Story - For awhile, the world and the characters was the only thing saving the game from mediocrity. The world dust lived in felt so mysterious and I couldn’t wait for all the answers to be unveiled. For instance, what was the motivation for the antagonist and who did Dust truly believed himself to be. Only half of the answers I wanted came to surface and made the ending feel incomplete and cliche. It didn’t help that all of the voice actors felt way too melodramatic, which made the game hard to take seriously. There was pretty cool plot twist that made the entire thing feel more cohesive, but one plot twist doesn’t make up all of the generic and uninspired characters. The only person that backs away from the norm is fidget, Dust’s side kick. She is energetic and fun, but sadly has the most annoying voice of the game. The antagonist might be one of the worst villains I have seen in any story. He has no motivation to be evil and has zero character. For some reason he hellbent on destroying an entire race of innocent people. He isn’t psychotic, he isn’t looking for revenge, his hate isn’t influenced by another person, he is just racist “because video game”.In conclusion - This game is vastly overhyped and I can’t even begin to imagine as to why that is. Mabey, just as the sonic series, people are attracted to cute character design and hand drawn world, and for that reason they drown out the repetitive gameplay and subpar story. A lot of people give this game the benefit of the doubt because it was made by one guy. Frankly, I couldn’t give less of a♥♥♥♥♥♥if this game was made by a triple AAA studio or an autistic child. Undertale, while not on the level of visual appeal that Dust is, was made by one person and is what I consider a close to perfect game. The same could be said about The Binding of Isaac Rebirth and Fez. If you only want to play a game that is made by one person play the previously mentioned titles. If you are looking for a fun spectacle fighter, play any other previously mentioned titles in the disclaimer.Edit: If you don't like the review I would love a comment to hear some insight on my information. It took me awhile to make this and some criticism, wether positive or negative, would be awsome."
76561197997599501,Not Recommended,236090,29082827,Posted: 7 January,all,DeadPinz,"Good voice acting, interesting backstory and story development, but jeezus there's a lot of repetition getting from point A to pointB...hack/slash/hack/slash/hack/slashad boredom."
,Not Recommended,236090,30125130,Posted: 23 February,all,daVid // PSN: Waveshaper__,"Allow me to make it clear first: I absolutely love this game.The art style is like the morning cartoons in the late '90s / early 2000s for kids, beautifully drawn and animated with excellent voicework behind it - although the enviromental voices could have been a bit more... rich. The game is all sugarcoat on the outside, but inside it really is a dark story about honor, fighting for what's right in world where you cannot save everyone, the story includes genocide, and... so yeah, you get the idea.The gameplay is a combination of some minimal RPG elements with equippable but completely ignorable itemization system and level ups that boost your stats greatly, but honestly it feels more forced than required, I would cut the whole thing from the game. It's just needless bothering, if you are never excited to level up or to find any item, then why have these systems in the first place? In this case it's a workaround for the devs to balancing enemies , but oh well, it's a cheap but working solution so why not, it does no harm. The clumsy, amateur and almost outright ugly UI does, however.So why don't I recommend it? It's a game that wanted too much and grasped too little. For what it does amazingly at first, I feel all that potential is wasted and the developers failed to expand it and widen the area they are really amazing at, which is art and animation. The game becomes way too big with way too many sidemissions that really want to push you off from the path of the main story, because who can leave cute poor old granny plushie bear there with his ""!"" quest marker unresolved? I don't want to, nobody wants to, but then the quest becomes a boring chore, and the game is absolutely full of these. About 4 hours in it grew way too big for a type of game that Dust is, and one day I found myself not wanting to launch it because I felt like there is MASSIVE amount of grinding chore for me to do if I don't want to feel bad about not helping all those people. So I found myself in a lose-lose situation, and ever since think of this game like that, which is the reason I cannot recommend it.If you think you won't have a problem with that, sure, go ahead and buy it, it delivers on it's promises."
76561198045525165,Recommended,236090,5140078,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,SenMithrarin85,"Indie games continue to surprise me with their inginuity, and their creator's impressive effort and attention to detail. When I saw the trailers for this game, I was immediately drawn to its lush artstyle and impressive gameplay. Considering one person did this by himself, he has in my opinion created something that could easily rival that of a full developement studio, and in turn put said studios to shame. When you see some of the rehashed drivel being released these days and lazy ports, it makes me glad there are guys like this guy around. Kudos, Dean. Kudos."
,Recommended,236090,7405530,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,☠Lady☠Darkness☠,"This game is awesome! I get addicted as soon as i started it. Pretty graphics,cute characters,interesting story,amazing fights and a lot of humour! Great platform game!9/10"
,Recommended,236090,2674478,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Jai Heart,tHIS GAME IS FOR FURRYS ONLY IF UR NOT A FURRY THEN DONT PLAY BECAUSE UR A HATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,236090,19123175,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"It's not fantastic but it's okay. The game isn't a masterpiece, but it's just below the 50% mark. I can't recommend it since it felt like a chore to complete the game.PROS1. Simple GameA simple side-scroller. Simplicity isn't so bad but it isn't fantastic.2. GraphicsThe artwork is kind of similar everywhere you explore but I like it (not love it). I like the save points though, they look nice and the floating rocks give a certain mystique.CONS1. Monster RespawnThe monsters are in an endless spawn system. Everytime you change the map and return, the same mosnters come back for you to farm again. It's not a major problem but it gives you the ""yawns"" after a while.2. CombatIt's a left click game and torndo-spin game the the whole way. The tornado-spin just makes things boring.3. Fidget (Flying Companion)Similar to the Imp from Castlevania, she sniffs out hidden treasure for you and casts spells. However, she isn't exactly essential as flying monsters can be attacked by a tornado spin, your normal attacks deal far more damage than her spells, you need to be stationary and it costs energy to maintain casting.4. Mysterious ShopkeeperHe functions the same way as Vulgrim from Darksiders and you can find him hidden almost anyway. He sells you keys to open chests and provides materials for better items, just like Vulgrim.5. Materials and Crafted ItemsVery boring. You collect the materials and a blue print to craft items which are extremely weak. E.g. +1 Damage when you're doing 154 damage per hit.6. The StoryIt's so bad. Twin souls, Mithranrir? You could have ripped off Tolkien's Mithrandir.7. Save PointsIt is definitely not designed well.NEUTRAL1. PredictabilityI think I can predict the story the way it's going. It's like the Bourne Identity."
,Recommended,236090,3596117,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Kargor,"Well, another ""well done"" game. This is a 2D Jump&Run, more action-oriented than the Trine series. The story isn't bad, the voice acting and humor is excellent, especially the dialogue between Dust (the main character) and Fidget (his sidekick, basically). There's also the talking sword, but that one is more like the wise guy in the backgroundSome reviewers considered the boss battles to be ""underwhelming"", but I tend to call it something like ""they aren't intended to stop you from continuing in the game"".If you want to die a lot then this is generally not the game for you, as Dust is clearly superior to anything he encounters. And since you can level up in any area you can also be ""overlevelled"", especially if you keep repeating stuff to find the last secret or something like that.And despite being mostly a one-man job (programming, graphics and levels), each of the 5 chapters has a very distinct look. So while your fighting doesn't change much during the game, and your equipment is not reflected in your character look, it still doesn't get boring.The Steam trailer is kind of stupid, as they changed the intro to some talk about the 4 elements and dust and steam, just to get ""Steam"" into the trailer, which replaces most of the previous intro that explained what ""tide"" Dust is going to turn. The story isn't that confusing, and it never deals with 4 elements or something like that."
,Not Recommended,236090,19127753,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Run The Jewels,Combat and RPG elements were bland. Respawning of enemies as soon as you re-enter a location was annoying. Could not get into the gameplay.
,Not Recommended,236090,19165928,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Elsellie,"I bought this game because I was told by many friends that it was very fun, but I was fairly disappointed. I enjoyed myself for the first hour, then I immediatly got tired of it. The story isn't interesting at all and kind of confusing, in my opinion. The game is very beautiful, but the combat isn't fun at all. You can literally just spam magic moves and kill everything. When you actually have to parry, it is extremely difficult and not well taught if I remember correctly. Also, if you die you have to sit through ALL dialogue that you went through before your death, which is a massive pain. I got to one point in the game where I was just so frustrated with spikes and stuff that I just completely gave up, never to touch the game again. In my opinion, it is not very good.If you like it though, all power to you. For anyone who hasn't played it, go ahead and give it a try for yourself. Just because I don't like it, that doesn't mean you won't."
76561198028592853,Not Recommended,236090,19400509,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,buixor,"Grat design and well animated but too repetitive IMO.Grab it on sale it's not a ""bad"" game."
76561198256462216,Not Recommended,236090,23943303,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HailTempest,"I was decieved by the influx of positive reviews. Some factors of this game are mostly enjoyable whilst others... not so much.The graphics are lovely, especially for an Indie game. Combat is fun as well, but quests tend to become grindy quick. The VAing and dialogue are so appaling to the point of cringing everytime someone speaks. Quite often I skipped it just for it to be over with. The storyline isn't anything special, and there were no surpirses.I bought this game on sale, no wonder it was discounted so much.4.75/10"
,Recommended,236090,7901303,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Big Bang Blitz,"A surprisingly fun, finely crafted adventure with innovation to spare. It's up there with the best of the Castleroids - how ever many people made it you'd be hard pressed to call it unprofessional. The excellent soundtrack by Alex Brandon is also of note.. it's one of his best offerings.He did a lot of my favorite tracks from Unreal Tournament. Not to mention Jazz Jackrabbit and Tyrian, among others."
,Recommended,236090,2613451,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SolidKime,Furry-♥♥♥♥♥♥ory fest with awesome backgrounds and hilarious dialogues.
,Recommended,236090,6691010,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,brathorst,Nice Metroidvania! Very satisfying combat mechanic. Swooosshoshohhhzzhzhshhh!!!
76561198042951950,Recommended,236090,15314644,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tundra,"Has furries but if you can get over that, is pretty good"
,Recommended,236090,8827284,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,WiseLEE,9.5/10
,Recommended,236090,7884436,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Brave Little Kitten,kickass
,Recommended,236090,29328014,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,You's a Fox man
76561197988766680,Recommended,236090,1186359,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Ian,Awesome. this is now my benchmark for most indie games (if its not as well done as this i'm not interested)
,Not Recommended,236090,25744823,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mascerade,"Finally pulled myself together and finished the game. The main story line was okay but some of the side quests were a bit annoying. Music and sound effects are really great, though.I don't like how late game pretty much all enemies dodge and block all your melee attacks. So you just spam Fidget's abilities and faceroll everything, instead.All in all it's an okay game, but I wouldn't play it a second time nor would I recommend it to a friend."
,Recommended,236090,7454449,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,Dust: An Elysian Tale is an excellent platformer/rpg hybrid. Although the rpg mechanics are not that deep it's functional and the platformer mechanics are perfect. The game's story isn't that original but it is told very good and keeps you in it's grip from the beginning till the end. Higly recommended 8.5/10
76561198001073321,Recommended,236090,7893978,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Eevee,Sonic is better with a sword but Tails is still lame
,Recommended,236090,10220906,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nocnor,MUITO BOM!!!
76561198067004494,Recommended,236090,8049159,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,OmniRage,Epic furryness
,Recommended,236090,8482838,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FAAGRIIIIIIIIN,"A very pretty game, has OK voice acting and the story is alright, but I can't seem to take screenshots or open the Steam menu while playing. This may never be fixed, but it's still worth picking up. Just don't expect to be talking to people while you're playing it."
,Recommended,236090,2228518,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,granderojo,"Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs.I am haunted by waters."
,Recommended,236090,6543835,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,[U♔RIOT] H2oToxic,"FUN AS HELL, but really depressing at the end."
,Recommended,236090,7888464,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Spriggals ツ,Yes
,Recommended,236090,12032652,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Maj. NutzG | ＪＡＰＡＲＩ　ＲＡＮＧＥＲＳ,One of the best platform games I've ever played.10/10
,Not Recommended,236090,20833386,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kzqai,"Meh, fantasy platformer with anthropomorphic main character."
,Recommended,236090,11997871,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,Very very nice game! 9/10
,Not Recommended,236090,33528175,Posted: 13 July,all,suburban_robot,"I'm honestly angry with myself for taking the time to complete this.* Enemies are incredibly generic and combat is extremely repetitive...you literally learn 0 additional attacks through the game; what you have at the start is it.* Game suffers from ""Press A to Win"" syndrome for about the last 1/3 of the game. The game finally starts to introduce new enemy types but by that point you are so OP you hardly see them before they are dead.* The story is among the worst in any game I've ever played. Could have been an interesting enough premise but no time is taken to flesh anything out or make you care.And yet, despite all of this, I kept playing and finished the game. Controls are smooth. Combat, though repetitive, is kind of fun. Art is good, music is OK, overall it is obvious the game had polish.  But yeah...not worth your time or money with so many other fantastic platformers out there."
,Recommended,236090,25488251,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ScrotalYolk,6/10
76561198343683919,Recommended,236090,32714453,Posted: 23 June,all,Vector_Core,"You play as Cat ghost assassin,what more do you want from a game?Ok then, in summaryIt has Beautiful, combo fueled platformerwith a some what engaging storyline if not familiar.Ok? Good.Now do me a favor, play it on the highest difficultyand busk in your greatness or don't.Just finish this must play game already"
,Recommended,236090,8501337,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nyanta,"Dust is a side-scrolling beat-em-up/platformer with rpg elements in the form of equipment upgrades and a basic stat buy leveling system. It is also an excellent game.The plot is fairly straightforward, at least from the outset. You are Dust, a young man who has lost his memories. Dust has found himself caught in a dangerous situation of which he is clearly a part, but has no idea how or why.The story is simple, but perfectly fine within the scope of the game. It is backed up by mostly beautiful graphics (the character frames leave something to be desired), fairly good voice acting, and acceptable music.The mechanics work well with the game. In my gaming career, this has been the best game I've played in terms of control options. It is equally playable on control pad, keyboard and mouse, or pure keyboard. Combat is simple but smooth, the menus are easy to understand, and the platforming puzzles show very little repetition.I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes action platformers, unless you absolutely can't stand furries.If you liked this review or found it useful, please have a look atmy other reviews!"
,Recommended,236090,29715564,Posted: 5 February,all,Twisted [UK],I used to play this with my ex therefore I should hate it but I remember how likeable the characters were.
76561198137081177,Recommended,236090,29598469,Posted: 30 January,all,R34l Kwick!,fantastic game
,Recommended,236090,33015093,Posted: 29 June,all,KARAMBOOLA,ryujin no ken wo ohh... wrong game..
,Recommended,236090,7883471,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Logos42,"You know I wasnt sure to expect from this game. The graphics looked cartoony and I was unsure about this game. It has this Disney vibe, which made me intially want to hold off in this game. After taking the plunge, because it got good reviews from EGM and Giant bombs. I noticed I misjudged this game. I have to say its a deep game side scrollers with RPG elements. If you get it on a sale for under 4 dollars. I would say its completely worth it."
76561198029061647,Recommended,236090,13510655,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,7/10
76561198132208278,Recommended,236090,24983597,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sprayface,"pros:tons of stuff, really solid gamecons:this guy wants to ♥♥♥♥ animals"
,Recommended,236090,14664647,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,§ΓφЯΣ™,"I've always believed that 2D got pushed aside before its time had truly come. New tech arrived and forced things forward, leaving us to wonder what kinds of two-dimensional games might have been made with more powerful hardware to back them. Dust: An Elysian Tail, is a great example of such a game. Hand-drawn and animated by one lone developer, it's a beautifully penned love letter to fans of the Metroidvania sub-genre. Whether you play for an absorbing story, exciting combat, or the joy of exploration, Dust has you covered.The first thing you're likely to notice when you start the game up is how it looks. Your journey begins in a magical glade, and brings you through dimly lit ice caverns, long-dead forests, snowcapped mountain ranges, and more. Each pops to life with a painterly beauty rarely seen in modern gaming. Dynamic weather effects and subtle use of ambient lighting provide a strong sense of mood in each new environment you visit. And as memorable as the locales are, the characters that inhabit them are even more so. The cast is populated by a variety of talking animals, strongly reminiscent of the Don Bluth animated films of the ‘90s. Their outlines are basic, but their exaggerated features and well-designed costumes make each of them stand out, none more so than the titular main character, Dust.We often underestimate the importance of a visually appealing main character, but Dust makes sure we don’t this time. His tattered sedge hat and shimmering runed blade Ahrah make for an unmistakable silhouette. You'll only need to control him in action for a few seconds before feeling connected to him. This is due just as much to his silky smooth animations as it is to the sheer responsiveness of the controls. He seems to dodge, leap, hack, and slash at a thought, making combat feel fluid the moment you jump in. Short though the move list may be, attacks can be chained into one another in a surprising number of ways, resulting in impressive looking dances of death that feel satisfying every time you pull them off.Whether on the ground or in the air, your entire repertoire of attacks, parries, projectiles, and magic spells make for a good time when fighting the varied hordes of enemies you face during your adventure. Unfortunately, the same can't be said for the boss battles, which seem substandard by comparison. Given the genre, you'd be forgiven for expecting screen-high bosses with an endless array of powerful attacks for you to dodge. What you get instead is a collection of villains no larger than your own character, who have but one or two rudimentary ways of attacking you. All of them, including the grueling, overlong final boss can be easily bested by flying back and forth while spamming magic attacks. It seems odd that a game possessed of such great imagination should be so banal in this regard.This shortcoming is made even more disappointing by the fact that the boss battles are so well incorporated into the story, which bears down with more thematic gravity than the game's visuals would lead you to expect. Despite the genuinely funny banter between Dust and his flying companion Fidget, the plot regularly delves into issues such as redemption, morality during times of poverty and war, and the very nature of the soul. It's all handled capably by a very strong voice cast that makes every character affecting in one way or the other. Dust isn't simply another grim-faced, sword-wielding badass. He's internally conflicted in a rather...unique sort of way, and I found watching him work through it genuinely engrossing.It's rare for this kind of game to have such an extensive story, and combined with the quest, crafting and stat point allocation systems, it lends the game a sort of light RPG sheen. Many NPCs can give you sidequests which, when completed, net you a solid chunk of XP to level up with. Each time you increase your rank, you get to improve one of 4 core stats: health, attack, defense, and magic. Adding to the RPG feel is the crafting system, which has you searching for item blueprints and materials dropped off monsters to create powerful pieces of gear to augment Dust's stats with.Both systems work well enough for you to gear your character towards your play style, but neither are sufficiently deep or rewarding enough to warrant trying different “builds” or farming for specific blueprints. And since most craftable items become available for purchase in shops shortly after you see their blueprint drop off monsters, the system's inclusion can seem superfluous at times. The strange lack of a “New Game +” mode to carry over all your stats and crafted gear to a second playthrough further marginalizes the importance of the RPG mechanics. It's still nice that they're there, but in the long run they don't add as much to the gameplay as they initially seem to.Still, these features are more or less icing on the Metroidvania cake. The core gameplay pillars all remain rock solid. Platforming feels effortless, and each new area brings new hazards and light puzzles with it, ensuring that you stay on your toes. As you'd expect, revisiting old areas with new abilities yields generous rewards. The world of Dust is overflowing with hidden treasures, secret areas, and a series of challenge maps designed to test your skills to the max. It'll take most players 12-15 hours to roll the credits while doing a minimum of exploration and backtracking, while completionists who want to 100% every area can easily push past the 20-hour mark, lending Dust: An Elysian Tail immense value for its $15 price tag.Personel Review: 9.7/10."
76561198004577398,Recommended,236090,13652932,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Phantom,"Solid gamePros- Gameplays great- Beautiful game (reminds me of Child of Light visually)- Length is ok for the price (Granted I got it on steam sale)- Melee combat is well done- 117% completion?  BAH isaac taught us 111% is the true completion, anything more is suspicious... wait is this a pro or a con?Cons- Story is weak, no real motivation / rational for the bad guys to be bad.  They are simply bad to be a force to oppose.- Mininal balance between attack and magic... I played attack for most of the game, and then started raising magic, even severly underleveled the magic stat literally wrecked everything... literally- Magic combat is repeatitive, overpowered and simplistic- Needs more meanful sidequests, most are fetch style- Needs endgame content- The little things to go and get are either keys, chests, or cages, and basically were thrown in to force backtracking through areas to complete themAll in all this games a solid 8/10 (which from me is pretty good)"
,Recommended,236090,7735915,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Halapeño S7,"Amazing game love it u should try it. it basicaly puts you into a world where your character has no idea who he is....then a magical flying, talking blade shows up saying that you are the owner of him/it....YOU will need to find out who you are and defeat the evil power on the world.."
76561198078573009,Recommended,236090,9800561,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"good game, good story, good fighting. worth $5."
,Recommended,236090,6723245,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,-=DogeShibe=-,"One of the best side scrolling games ever.. The art is stunning, considering only one person who made it. If you love DMC-ish action game mixed with RPG elements, you should buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,236090,33494181,Posted: 12 July,all,BlueSEF,"It's just not my type of game.  It has very subpar graphics, repetitive enemies, and an extremely boring and unengaging story. Fighting is not implemented very well since your screen will get covered when fighting a large group of enemies, forcing you to take a blind guess on their current position and hoping that you are actually hitting them. I really wanted to like this since I've played other indie side scrollers, and I even played this on my phone before and loved it, although that was back when I was still a casual gamer. I personally can not recommend this game, but I'm pretty sure that many other people  will enjoy it just fine.EDIT: I at first wanted to refund this game, but decided not to out of pure respect for the single developer and the fact that I paid only $3 for it to begin with during the summer sale."
,Recommended,236090,32897360,Posted: 27 June,all,Shoogie,:)
,Recommended,236090,12503927,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"15 hours completion of the main story with complete quests. 25 hours for ""PERFECT GAME""10/10 - 9/10 for me due to WMP requirement.My first 100% achievement game!!!!!!!!!!!One of the simple but fun games you can play. I rarely play platformer games but this goes above my expectations. It is also just right at being not too long.This game is so good that i am replaying it to complete all achievements and be the first game i have 100% completion in steam"
76561198182212617,Recommended,236090,20080185,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SHARD THE FOX,amazing i deffenetly recemend this game amazing soundtrack amazing combat ant an amazing story so buy it now its only £2.93
,Recommended,236090,22668204,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,One of my favourites.
,Recommended,236090,4027880,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Rogue Bagel,"7/10 - The story is rather lacking (amnesia, find self while fighting monsters and doing side quests), but the combat is some of the best I'v ever played and the artwork is very cool"
,Not Recommended,236090,21145338,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Heavy Machinery,"I really tried to like this game, and for about an hour I did. But once the game's combat started becoming a chore and the disgraceful characters took their toll on me, my thought was simply ""I'm done with this crap"".  Wretched story and music I've already forgotten despite having just played the game. Oh, and the voice acting is bad, too. It's a real shame because the game is pretty and the fact that it was made by primarily a single person is darn impressive."
,Recommended,236090,1530040,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,TOTALFILM,"Подавитесь иксбоксеры.Одна за другой, эксклюзивы утекают на ПК."
,Not Recommended,236090,33352170,Posted: 7 July,all,Barkbiten,"Overrated is a word that in and of itself is just that, overrated and overused. But that is just the word I would use to describe this game, along with mediocre. And don't get me wrong, Dust: An Elysian Tail isn't a bad game and for 13,99€ you do get more value than alot of other shi**y games on this platform. Compared to all the assetflips and outright dungpiles of sh*t on steam nowadays this game is a gift from the heavens.I tried so hard to like this game but I just keep running into things that irritate me or bore me. It starts out just fine until I realize the combos shown in the controls menu is essentially all the combos in the game (which is XXXX and Xy and XXYY). And that the combos are completely useless (they aren't as effective as Dust Storm) and I just ended up using Dust Storm (move) and Fidgets projectiles for the rest of the game and I played on the second hardest difficulty. This as you can imagine makes the game very repetitive (using all of the combos makes no difference, it's still incredibly repetitive) and I feel like I wasted 13 hours of my life.Pros:-Music & sound-Enviroments & backgrounds-Accessible & easy to learn (and sadly easy to master, it's incredibly easy)-Controller support-Fun secrets & cameosCons:-Writing-Character art/design-Clichéd story-Lackluster combat, combo system-Very repetitive-Awful voice acting-Motion Tween Animations (while it is cost effective, practical and can look good it makes all character look stiff and rigid. Dust luckily doesn't use motion tween animation)-Special effects that cover the whole screen with crap so you cant see anythingConclusion: I honestly can't recommend this game but if you think mediocre and repetitive 2d Hack 'n' Slash platformers are fun, then this is the game for you, buy it on a sale."
76561198066954202,Not Recommended,236090,20208959,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,abielf,"I start the game. I'm greeted by pretty, vibrant colors, good animation...sure the combat's a bit on the repetetive side to warrant a level up system, and the voice acting is barely tolerable, but whatever. It's fun at least. I play through maybe...a third of the game. Then it starts wanting me to platform....and this is where I start having issues. The character's landing is slippery. So precise platforming is pretty much out of the question. But there isn't a LOT of platforming. I chalk it up as a small annoyance to an otherwise fun game. Then...I get to a graveyard area.The background of the area is grey. Your character is light blue. The zomies you fight are bluish grey.....see the issue? Sure one or two enemies aren't a problem, but when they come in mass, your effectively blind. Even worse if you clash with an enemy attack, because that produces a giant blue/white spark on the screen.I slog through. 'Okay', I think to myself 'Maybe that was just a terrible choice of color. Maybe it's just a one time thing."" The next level is a snow level. Mostly white and blue....and the enemies are primarily white wolves, and some kind of goblins in blue parkas. And there's snow in the foreground. Again, I get to play a level mostly blind.I play through to the end of the game to it's credit, but there's so many questionable design choices here. The combat ranges from boring and repetetive to plain unfair, with enemies blurring together to superior numbers and  getting extended periods of invulnerability for them as the game progresses. The story's a joke, the voice acting is ear grating, some of the control choices feel unintuitive.....I wanted to like this game. It's a visual treat for the first couple of areas, while you can actually see anything. And the characters are endearing at first, in that cheesy overdramatic anime way. But once I was done, I wasn't excited to comb through for more treasure or finish any quests. I just uninstalled, happy that the game was over and out of my life. If I'd bought it full price, I'd have been extremely upset. As is, I picked it up for less than 4 dollars, and that seems about right."
,Recommended,236090,8476554,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,antie97,furry
,Recommended,236090,9225724,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,UnbeknownCloudX,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ▄▄ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ  █░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ  █░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ█░░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ █░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀   ᅚᅚ▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,236090,7798230,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,「Jengur」,A fantastic story
,Recommended,236090,35087937,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,Furries are okay too.
,Recommended,236090,24045153,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Aethelia,"This game is art.Which is good because it's not much of a game, mostly just being mindless button mashing.That and Stupid Flying Squirrel has the most annoying voice I've ever heard, though you'd miss nothing by skipping all dialogue to or from he/she/it.But I don't even care, I'm glad I gave this a chance even though it looked like a weird furry fantasy thing just for the excellent hand drawn scenery and the soundtrack."
76561198064074987,Recommended,236090,28592625,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,lewy,EW FURRIES
,Recommended,236090,23514664,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Finesser of Thots,furfag shit.
,Recommended,236090,33079200,Posted: 1 July,all,Tadhg,More like Dust: A gay tale HAHA
76561197970261510,Not Recommended,236090,33270041,Posted: 5 July,all,bdon003,"I may go back and play some more to see what else it has to offer, but the combat got repetitive really quickly and I had to stop playing."
76561198083576124,Recommended,236090,33193387,Posted: 3 July,all,GigaFallus9000,gg
,Recommended,236090,8540088,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,"This game is pretty fantastic. You will definitely want to try this out if you are into the old Castlevania games or just enjoy a good side-scrolling RPG. Also, I found out that this was made primarily by one person, make of that what you will.-Features very hi-fidelity sprites and art. Overall, excellent aesthetic.-Combat system is deep and challenging but also feels very rewarding and satisfying.-Sound assets and music are phenomenal all around. Even the voice acting is top-notch; since the game shows its manga-inspired side often, some of the voices such as the one that comes from your sidekick (basically Tails from Sonic with wings) can be annoying at times because of how high pitched they are.I definitely reccomend this game, but prepare for a challenge."
76561198036720900,Recommended,236090,7894754,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Northforge,gg
,Recommended,236090,7884233,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Warthog,Gorgeous game!
76561198078725896,Recommended,236090,7888995,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lo Chovo,Kaspoker Koker Gut Game
76561198036690478,Recommended,236090,7889167,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rekos,Buy it.
,Recommended,236090,8899447,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Zibi,"so i finished this game and i gotta say even thou i am not a ""furry"" fan this games mechanic and the hack slash element combined with small puzzles and RPG lvling element made me want to play this game again in hardcore, only problem i had with this game was the interacting with objects aka press ""W"" (to interact),when i tryed to save sometimes the interaction button would not pop up i found out that if you open inv/press esc for menu and instantly close it it would work again, and didnt really kill the experience all thou all the bosses were easy in normal i hope hardcores gona be challenging so id give this 9/10, why not full points? well there were some parts in the game for exsample if you were looking for all the cages you literally would not find 2 of them with out luck/guide, because ther were no hint or indication what to do,exsample in the snowy mountains were you have a timeglass icon on wall you can find a red orb with same icon in game BUT they would not tell waht to do with it :/ same with a grave in sorrow meadow, the grave stone with rose didnt know what to do with out a guide."
76561198198858966,Recommended,236090,33147153,Posted: 2 July,all,xandermasonk,cool
,Recommended,236090,831753,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Techbane,"This entire game was pretty much made from the ground up by one man, and it has better mechanics, art, combat, overall design and stability than many other actually good AAA and indie titles these days. The furry aesthetic is mostly harmless, if a bit off-putting. As a dabbling artist I'm somewhat biased in enjoying this purely from admiration of the environments and spritework, but for those of you looking for gameplay it's got a combat system with DMC-esque emphasis on combos and junk. Check it out."
,Recommended,236090,20128741,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lucasones,
,Recommended,236090,8448017,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dravvad,"An unexpected hit for me. I bought the game on a whim after seeing interesting words said about it, and overall, I wasn't disappointed at all. I played the game straight for a long while, not touching anything else.It's a fun platformer with some fun combat. It depends on the person playing, really, as I can see how some would get bored and find the combat repetitive. Interestingly enough, I would usually find something like this repetitive too, but something hooked me in. I liked the level design and there was enough exploration that I actually returned to all of the levels to find everything, as I'm something of a completionist... though I guess I'm a choosy completionist, if that makes any sense.The only thing I hated was the voice acting, and hence, most of the cutscenes. I'm not an Anime fan and I'm not into anthropomorphistic animals. But as big of a problem as that may seem, I still found the game an enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,236090,34633300,Posted: 31 August,all,BratmanDu,"It's not a metroidvania, don't know why it was recommended as such. It's hack n slash, and is generally ok, but the end boss fight is cheap and stinks. Still an impressive game visually, if it weren't for end boss I'd recommend."
,Not Recommended,236090,14448117,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Enyak,"Decent start, gets quite enjoyable in the middle, then a slog through to the end."
,Not Recommended,236090,28212067,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,bh_tornado,"I kept pushing myself forward thinking that the game would be fun eventually, but not; it doesn't get any more fun.This game is basically gives everything it has to offer to you in the first hour, after that; you will have to repeat the same thing over and over again. You will fight different enemies; but they are only different in how they look like as you will fight them with the same basic attack you did get from the begging of the game.Also; the game forces you to upgrade all skills (health, attack, defense) without letting you upgrading a single skill and forgetting about the others, so basically the RPG element here doesn't exist because eventually you will have to upgrade all the skills you have while you progress even if you doesn't care about your health for example, so I wonder what was the developer thinking when he put this funny system?!I have to admit that the game looks beautiful; but the art design and graphics of a game are not everything, I can't enjoy a game that has ZERO gameplay creativity, so I'm not going to recommend buying this game even under discount.If you wan't a good metroidvenia game with thrilling combat system and far better upgrade system go for the beautiful and challenging game Guacamelee which is also an indie game but far more diverse than this."
76561197989672111,Not Recommended,236090,17923313,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,starfarer50,"What initially drew me to this game was the overall shininess and how pretty the background was. And while the background continues to look gorgeous throughout the entire game, the rest of it is rather bland and lackluster. Starting as Dust, a warrior with amnesia armed with a talking sword and accompanied by a flying cat-guardian named Fidget, you head forth into the world to discover your true identity (which is pretty obvious by the halfway point of the game), and to help e every single poorly drawn furry person you meet with some kind of mundane quest. While the soundtrack is quite pleasant, the combat system is simple, repetitive, and leaves much to be desired. You have attack, you have a weak. dps attack, and you have magic attack. The best trick is when you learn to mix dps with magic attack, which only works for 3-5 seconds per use.While I wish I could speak better of this game, I quit playing at 70%, and coming back to it I've forced myself to get to 75% completion. I only wish to finish the game so I don't feel guilty of uninstalling a game before I'm done. I would advise not picking this game up unless it is less than five dollars, or you can grab it in a bundle pack.Pros:-Gorgeous Backgrounds-Good Soundtrack-Superb Voice Acting-Cute sidekick (for a cat/anthro/flying thing)Cons:-Simplistic Combat-Nothing to make you care about the characters-Simplistic character design-Predictable plot-Annoying sidekick-Needlessly complex maps which force you to utilize the double jump once you get it.-Annoying sidekickTLDR; pretty game does not equal good game."
,Not Recommended,236090,12222594,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,M Joshua,"As far as I can tell, Dust is about combo farming. Not batting an eyelash, it was easy to end up with a 150-hit combo on common enemies. More difficult were the achievements and quest for getting the coveted “C-C-C-Combo breaker” 1000-hit combo. The problem is that the gist of enemies register higher in “annoying” than “challenging-at-all.” There’s no risk to most encounters. It’s just you juggling enemies.When traversal includes combat, some level of that combat should be rewarding enough to keep playing. In terms of overarching mechanics, that’s present: items and cash drop from enemies to give incentive to fight. But again, if this is an action game, I want more tension in my conflict: not near-endless-juggling challenges.Read more:http://www.substance-tv.com/why-i-stopped-playing-dust-an-elysian-tail/"
,Not Recommended,236090,13915731,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nator,"You can beat the entire game with only the very first ability and the right numbers without much difficulty.They introduce more abilities and spells, but they are more unreliable than useful or interesting.Story is pretty laughable, it tries to be cinematic and isn't very successful.I'm honestly pretty confused as to how they got so many different voice actors but the voice work is pretty good.Flying around for an hour or two was fun.Overall it was okay. Not great."
,Not Recommended,236090,16912357,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[TBU]LostInTheWired,"I'm a huge fan of this genre.  Massive fan of the Vanillaware games like Odin Sphere and Muramasa.  Huge fan of the Metroidvania games.I really wanted to like this game, too.The biggest issue with it, though, is the story.  Honestly, it doesn't need to win a Pulitzer Prize, but this is so tropey that I can't handle playing it for more than 30 minutes at a time.  If it's really going to be that bad, it's better to not have it.The second problem with it is definitely design.  I have no issue with the furry characters, really.  Doesn't bother me.  But the main character is literally pretty much all Teal.  His hat, his fur, everything.  Literally nothing stands out from the character.  This especially doesn't play well during combat, where it's easy to lose yourself in the fray.  Every character is nothing but flat colors.  There is no texture to it!  The backgrounds are relatively decent, but suffer from the same over-feathered soft colors with no texture.  There's just very little that is visually interesting, which I always feel is a huge part of these games.The combat as well seems fairly uninteresting.  I like fast paced beat-em-ups with dodging and such,  But, at least towards the beginning, there is so little to work with.  The Dust Storm attacks are mostly uninteresting.  The combos are unvaried and uninteresting as well.  If there is more to it than the very few non-Dust Storm combos you have, that should really be hinted at early, so you know there's room for progression to something more technically engaging.Overall, I would not recommend this.  It is visually, technically, and narritively uninteresting.  I will probably try to force myself through it, as this type of game has been in a bit of a valley lately, but I would have been extremely disappointed if I paid more than the $2 I paid for it."
76561197994106088,Not Recommended,236090,29393835,Posted: 21 January,all,hamooding,"I rarely leave a game unfinished, especially when I'm already more than half way through, and the game is Overwhelmingly Positive. However I found the story line very unengaging, the combat repetitive and the character progression uninteresting.I think this game was aimed at younger or more casual gamers, I had very high hopes but was disappointed."
,Not Recommended,236090,30023432,Posted: 18 February,all,Shine,"Everything about this game except for the gameplay itself was either mediocre or just bad.The combat is solid and simple enough. The platforming was okay, though there are moments where it's difficult to tell where a platform starts and ends, not to mention spike hitboxes. The inventory system was great actually, particularly the way the game lets you 'catalogue' materials so you only really need to find them once, after which you can buy materials to craft the items you need.The quests didn't really have much to offer except story and money, but they were fun and simple enough to do.The game is actually quite short, which is probably a good thing because if it took any longer I don't think I would have bothered to finish it.Unfortunately, the game tries hard to have a solid story but it just ends up being extremely cliche and overly edgy. The voice acting doesn't help, especially when the main character sounds like a teenager trying to be cool, and the sidekick is extremely annoying at every moment.Most of the characters in Dust are furries, some which inexplicably have Australian accents. Along with the art style the game has, you really have to be into crudely drawn furries to enjoy the characters. Otherwise none of them seem to be very likable.The music wasn't bad but it wasn't very memorable.Overall, I can't recommend the game unless you're a huge furry that likes incredibly cliche stories with amnesic protagonists and tragic backstories."
76561198031273221,Not Recommended,236090,13715870,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sheepscuit,"I feel I'm going against the grain by not recommending this game.Don't get me wrong; it's often on sale and if you can pick it up cheaply then maybe it's worthwhile.Also the graphics and cut scenes are 'cute' and quaint.It's simply the gameplay that bothers me. And it's most probably a personal thing; I just can't get on with the game. I've tried and tried to play and after 20 minutes or so every time I get bored with the repetitive combat and frustrating element of mobs respawning when moving back and forth between areas; which you have to do a lot, in order to find your way, collect keys and generally follow the story.I also must have missed the part of the tutorial where it mentions about improving your character because at level 11 I had no skill upgrades or gear improvements or anything and felt rather weaker than I should. I didn't even know that character skills leveling/progression was in the game until I read it somewhere else.As I say, it's probably just my own lack of concentration, and probably lack of interest in side-to-side platformers nowadays that are keeping me from completing the game. I still got my couple of quid's worth out of it and I have watched the cut scenes externally to follow the story, as it did have me intruiged. I have to say just watching them on youtube; the story was interesting and unique. The characters were endearing and the plotline, while nothing totally amazing, was better than I expected out of such a game.But as this is a personal review/recommendation, I cannot recommend it, due to what I found to be repetitive combat and frustrating mechanics."
76561198053131220,Not Recommended,236090,19863685,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fritters,"You have to manually pick up items, and sometimes they fly everywhere which make it hard to track down each and every one of them. And the player leveling felt really unnecessary."
,Recommended,236090,22830953,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mail me to the moon,"A fun, immersive game, not much of a challenge even on the highest difficulty setting. The voice acting can be subpar at times but good at others; overall it's a nice game to mindlessly kill things for a while. Some humour here and there as well."
76561197979609703,Not Recommended,236090,16943785,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,chrissszy,"Read the glowing reviews and decided to try it out.  It's remarkable as the work of one person, but I quit halfway through.  The combat is repetitive and not difficult.  Almost all deaths come from falling on spikes because of unforgiving platforming.  The screens respawn instantly after leaving, so missing a jump, while not always fatal, can drop you into a level already completed, requiring killing the same enemies numerous times.  Very annoying.  You gain abilities like crouch sliding and climbing after leaving early levels, necessitating returning to areas already cleared to get treasure, which seems unnecessary, since loot is falling everywhere from killing enemies and is more of a hassle to pick up than a great reward.  Inventory fills up with junk like blueprints for items you don't need, but end up making just so you can sell and get them out of inventory.  The main reason I quit is because I kept getting stuck in dead ends with no idea where to go since I couldn't find what I was supposed to.  Some people may love this game but I don't.  5/10"
76561197977165692,Recommended,236090,9587925,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tjaranis,"this is the BEST GAME i have played for properly 10+ years :)its worth more then 3 times the price its at.i got nothing but good things to say about the game. everything from the gameplay mechanics to the atmosphere, to the music, to the rpg elements, to the well i could go on through every aspect there is, this game is EXTREMELY good and its an absolute MOST HAVE!!!!.if you dont get this and play it through you are missing out on one of the few diamonds of gaming history(this comming from a person thats been playing games the last 20 years for properly 5-10hours every day for that time.)"
,Recommended,236090,8354359,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Squirrels,"Dust is a complicated game. On the one hand, the combat and RPG elements are very addicting. Combos feel natural and are a breeze to pull off, and grinding is kept to a minimum. The game also looks gorgeous, with a brilliantly colorful style that impresses from start to finish. On the other hand, the game's above-average story is done a major disservice due to ham-fisted dialogue and voice work. While a the game has received some criticism for having ""furry"" character designs, I personally found the aforementioned audio and dialogue issues to be much more distracting. Think a bad anime or Final Fantasy-level VA work. If you can avoid these annoyances, the actual gameplay makes Dust more than worthy of your time."
,Recommended,236090,5478617,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,_Pixel,Emergehrd!!! EMegerhrd!!!
,Recommended,236090,3890087,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Question Mark?,"This IMO is one of the greatest games made, I went ever every level several times in order to find every secret, the game is that amazing, although it is quite linear (to be expected from a 2d game) the levels branch and have complexity. Doing a completionist run, it took me around 13 hours to complete, which is berilliant seeing the price tag of the game, and i didn't find a single part of the game boring, I'd say anyone who was a fan of the castlevania games, likes brawlers, rps, and action adventure games, then u'd love this. Easily one of my top 10 favorate games. When i look back at the game, i can honestly say, there isn't one bad thing/anything that can be improved in the game. I'd say this game would be worth £30, so £10 is just a steal. If you go for a speed run and say screw collectables then it will take you, around 7-8s to complete. Also, I have to say, the ""Bakers Dozen quest"" in which you have to find 12 ""friends"" (characters from indie games) was literally my favorate achievment. 11/10 I can't recomend it more!"
,Not Recommended,236090,17140164,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Roshless,game for filthy casualsf.uck.ing animals
,Recommended,236090,28538296,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Nioxed,i wan to fucc the small dragonbut the game crashed :(
,Recommended,236090,23037261,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Spookyena,This game is pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,236090,8707544,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,RobustnessPID,去年的一款小游戏。某网站翻译成：《尘埃：幸福的轨迹》，搞的我以为Dirt又出新作了，其实DUST是主人公【打死他（音译）】第二次玩，玩了一大半觉得玩不下去了，这个游戏几乎没有什么重复的要素以及让人重复的欲望，你可以把它当成山寨版的胧村正，游戏中存在各种影响体验的小问题。比如处理器线程分配不当导致帧数下降，并且跳跃高度降低【这是什么节奏】偶尔还会出现【F】键开宝箱失效的问题，需要切到菜单然后秒开箱子才行。总的来说，如果游戏荒的话可以适当玩一下，不然还是算了。
,Not Recommended,236090,18085544,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,LCL,"It's combat is shallow and your movement options are way too slow for a game involving this much backtracking and exploring.  There's a weak crafting system that's wholly unnecessary, and the game loses a lot of steam in the middle.  Many segments are flaccid and forgettable, or are downright tedious.  Fighting enemies is made arbitrary by maxing out your magic spells, which is good because you simply do not have enough moves to keep combat engaging.In summary, everything Dust does is done much better by many other games.  Definitely not worth its full retail price, but still good enough to pick up on sale if you're interested and haven't played it yet."
76561198111795697,Not Recommended,236090,14976228,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,plaidman1985,"I wanted to like this game, I really did! But the thing is I would play the game for like 15 minutes then it would shut my computer off, not the game itself, but the whole computer. Boom! Just like that no reasoning behind it, it just shut it down and I would have to restart. Very annoying!"
76561197998512328,Not Recommended,236090,14800243,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Balthasaear,"The Good:-The visual artwork is fantastic, and the animations are fluid. The creator of this game has a background in animation, and it really shows.The Bad:-The game really falls apart due to the pacing. Slashing enemies is fun for about 5 minutes, then gets real old, real fast. There are ""new"" abilities given out... but they are far spread out, and often only let you get though hidden passages on the field, but do not help you much in combat.-The dialogue: I simply do not care about these characters. The writing seems very amateurish. I like characters that I can relate to as a person, but every npc has a very dry personality and just sends you on boring fetch quests. Literally every line of npc dialogue can be summed up as ""Oh here there sonny I lost my X, can you help me find them?"".Overall this is a really boring game for adults, and probably kids too. If only it had better writing and proper pacing, then it could have been so much more."
,Not Recommended,236090,16863142,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SheYi,"The story is very poor and the graphic are normal, nothing special, but the fights are cool.All the characters don't have personality, even the main one...There are many action games like this with a better story, better graphics and same gameplay that are even cheaper than this one. you should try those before buying this one.If I wasa 15yo, I would have loved it! It's not a bad game but I consider story important in a game."
,Not Recommended,236090,29673101,Posted: 3 February,all,Pumpkin SpicedKappa,"At first the game draws you in with some really fun hack and slash combos, all while fighting hoardes ofo enemies and racking up hit combos in the hundreds. It's really fun and flashy for about three hours, but after that you start to realize just how repetitive it gets. The game requires little more than just mashing the same buttons, and putting variety into your attacks actually puts you at more risk than just tapping the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Beyond the combat, the artwork is pretty so-so and the story and voice acting seems childish and unimportant to you as a player. I suppose if you're into games that are mostly fetch quests and American RPG-style, then you might find enjoyment playing this. I would not consider it to be a ""Metroidvania"" as stated in the tags, it's more of an action RPG. 6/10."
,Not Recommended,236090,20107287,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,superjamie,A furry beat-em-up with a humorous storyline and indie voice acting. Definitely not my kind of game.
76561198033756446,Not Recommended,236090,24145580,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Swaggestofthewagons (nova),"Games like this should come with a warning label. I don't have anything wrong with furries, but I wish I knew that I was getting into some furry's wet dream before I bought the game."
76561198003003979,Not Recommended,236090,17880718,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cohiba Skeeza,"This game is a ""beat-em-up"", and I hate this genre; didn't know that it was or wouldn't have bought it. Plagued with interupting gameplay with cutscene-type events and other instructions."
,Not Recommended,236090,10995611,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Rhapsody,"DISCLAIMER: I understand this was made almost entirely by one man and appreciate that, however I feel like a review should be based on whether or not I liked the game, not whether or not it was impressive considering the development process.For a game that pushes RPG elements, it's sad to see that the story was so poor. I really wish I was exaggerating when I said that this is easily one of the poorest stories I've ever played through, and it was so hamhanded about trying to force you to care that in the end I lost all interest entirely and finished the game more out of a test of my patience than out of anything else. The voice work and animations are similarly weak, meaning that any time spent outside of the core gameplay was boring and tedious.This is a shame, because in my eyes the gameplay is quite strong. The boss battles aren't spectacular and there is a bit of balance work required (without any significant work I was able to Dust Lightning Storm every battle quickly and easily), but the core elements of the platforming and combat were really quite engaging. If it weren't for the fact that the story was forced so heavily upon the player which broke the flow of enjoyment so consistently, this would be a recommendation."
76561197993525585,Not Recommended,236090,11221623,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SamLL,"My first experience with Dust was the game repeatedly hanging up and being unable to proceed past the prologue.Thankfully the customer support in the Steam forum was extremely responsive and quick, but the game was getting hung up because of the existence of a DivX codec installed on my machine. I was happy about the quick response from the developers, but sad that the game could become completely unplayable so easily.Once I could continue, I found that the game had a fun core fighting/platforming engine, and enjoyed that, but was let down by a few things. Minorly, it quickly became optimal to repeatedly torpedo through the air while attacking with a lightning storm, and spamming this move seemed unbeatable (but honestly this was still kind of viscerally satisfying).More importantly, the 'story' aspect of the game interrupted repeatedly. The first half of the game, up until the 4 haunted mansions, has a strong knack for interrupting you whenever you are starting to have fun with another slow, awkward to skip through dialogue that you don't really care about. The main plot, and the characters, are almost pure fantasy cliche; there is approximately 1 plot point that you don't already know, even having never seen the game. In addition, the very ending of the game significantly undermines your sense of achievement through a classic Death By Cutscene.I'm happy I bought the game for $3 on Steam summer sale, but happy I did not spend more than $5."
76561198115439836,Not Recommended,236090,18081265,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,secko,FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT not WORKING
,Not Recommended,236090,11667267,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,toffeemuffincupcake,"In all honesty, it's alright, but save your money for something else. The storyline is boring, the characters bland and insipid and the game is pretty much run, jump, click click click click oh look I killed the badies. Beatiful artwork though, so if that's all your interested in then go for it, the scenery and characters are beautifully drawn. Personally, I would rather have bought a coffeetable book of the backgrounds and character design sketches and not bothered with the game at all."
76561197982175938,Not Recommended,236090,16254632,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TheLastRebel,"It's a decent game, but, personally, I just got a little bored with it early on. Characters seemed interesting at first, but that was the only initial momentum I felt from it."
76561198080572192,Not Recommended,236090,16878908,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Koodle0101,"The game is okay. It's not great or super good, but it's not bad. It difinitely does not live up the the review that it gets. Personally I believe this game should be worth around $5-8. Any more than that it's not worth it.Pros:- Beautiful art and design.- Fast paced action.- Decent crafting system although needs a lot of improvements.- Has voice acting.Cons:- Weak story that doesn't really explain much or have much depth/substance.- Anticlimatic ending that left me saying 'wtf, really?!'- Not a lot of boss battles or unique ways of using skills. Battle becomes repetitive.- Expensive, I got it on steam back when it was still $15- No replay value.- A couple of bugs/glitches that made me had to replay some levels. (perrhaps that's the 'replay' value!)"
76561198073697711,Not Recommended,236090,16945449,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Raenex,"I'm giving this game a thumbs-down for one reason that tips the scales: the lack of being able to save at any time. Playing on Normal difficulty, I fight trash mobs, then I get to the more difficult monsters, and I die. I don't mind the dying, it's having to go through the trash mobs again to get back to the monster to learn how to beat it. It's not fun, it's frustrating and boring, and I don't play games for that. I could play on Easy difficulty, but I want a challenge, just without the boring, repetitive parts.Outside of that:+ Pretty visuals.+ Voice acting ok. Not good, mind you, but passable for an indie title I spent $3 on.+ Music ok.+ Decent combat.- Repetitive screens. You move from screen to screen, and many of them are very similar with repetitive combat."
,Not Recommended,236090,16902735,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Punchbot,"Dust is a very flashy game that lacks any real depth. Kudos for the art and music, but beyond that it's a pretty mediocre ride that'll last you about 10 hours."
,Not Recommended,236090,11502936,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Cultstorm,"I found the game to be a competent enough hack and slash.  However, the cutesy artstyle of this game was somewhat of a turn off for me.  I found it difficult to become emmersed in the game with the anthropomorphic characters and the baby talking from your fairy companion.As a long time fan of the genre, I felt something was missing from this game that was difficult to put my finger on.  The game mechanics never seemed to come together for me, and I found myself button mashing through the whole game.Overall, I would say the game is decent, but not something that will be added to my favorites list any time soon."
,Not Recommended,236090,33364858,Posted: 7 July,all,"Oh Shit, He","Hell of a fun action game but the characters look like some straight up shadman furries.  The characters make the great story and gameplay annoying. Fidget is annoying from name to art and voice.The dialogues look like they were written by a bored emo teen, and the voice acting made it much worse. The emotions in the speech sound horribly forced."
,Not Recommended,236090,25186517,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MrVariant,"Will sum this up as quickly as possible since the good graphics make everything else a letdown:1) Cheesy dialogue - you will pray that the gameplay makes up for how annoying Fidget is.2) First boss takes off 60 but I can heal only 20 of my 80 hp. When I beat the 1st golem, I take on 2 at once.This is just discouraging, to literally get hit once and be nearly killed. The revival stone helps, but honestly the fighting feels very repetitive as I have to chip away at the health of both bosses and pray I don't get hit once."
76561198129350092,Not Recommended,236090,24566603,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DBZFORMERS,its ok but dont buy into the hype. get it on sale its rly not worth 15$ for this dull button-mash fest
76561198008057953,Not Recommended,236090,24564849,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,solitas777,THe gameplay was so repetitive that I only could put in 116 minutes. It's also easy to get lost and retreading the same way I went before got boring. It's a side scroller that is beautiful to look at and has great voice over but the story isn't compelling enough for me to put up with the tedium of smashing the attack buttons over and over.
,Recommended,236090,16949816,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewDust: An Elysian Tail is an action-packed 2D scroller/platformer featuring 2D fighting, quests and an anthropomorphic cast of characters. Aside from the voice, soundtrack and bits of the story, the entirety of the game was developed and created by Dean Dodrill, an independent illustrator and animator. My first impression of the game left me rather impressed. It's polished, the animations are smooth and gorgeous, the landscapes are pleasant and vastly different in their appearance as you progress to different locations and the voice acting is top notch; the more I played, the more I enjoyed the individuality of the characters.I felt the plot was well done and provided some slightly minor changes to a well-traveled plot line, which kept the game from seeming like a clone of so many others. While not entirely hard to figure out the game's secrets, I felt they were fleshed out appropriately as you moved forward with the plot.What sets this game apart for me are the visuals and the voice acting. The environments are bright, colorful and eccentric, all while being illustrated by a single individual. The voice acting is one of this game's strongest features. Each character has a distinctive, yet varying voice set that does well to flesh out the personalities of each character you meet, whether they be a major character or just someone in the background. However, some voices can a bit on the stereotypical side, but nothing terribly over-the-top in that regard.The game is not without its flaws (as they all have them), but I find them to be rather minor details. The combat can be a little repetitive over time, but not so much so that it diminishes the enjoyment of fighting. With that in mind, the enemies can be a little slow to react to you, making areas easier than they probably should be, though can be fixed by ramping up the difficulty level; the game can go from a walk-in-the-park to deviously unforgiving (in a good way, promise), which would solve the final blemish - boss fights. I found them to be a little watered down from what I'd expect. With the difficulty increased, they pose a greater challenge, but I still never found myself dying to them unless I did some flagrant mistake, such as falling into a spike pit immediately after defeating a tricky boss fight (yes, I did that...so clumsy).Overall, the game is worth every penny. There's only a handful of games I'll play repeatedly and this one has me going back for more. If you enjoy 2D fighters, this is definitely something you should pick up.ProsAnimation/Art Style - It's cute, charming and very imaginative.Voice Acting - Top-notch voice acting. Characters are unique with their own personalities.Content - There's plenty of content and minor side quests to make the game worth the price tag. I finished the game in roughly 14 hours.Your Sidekick - Figet sidekick best sidekick. Some found her annoying, but I thought she was a delight. The one-liners/back-and-forth she has with Dust are hilarious.NeutralThe Music - The music score is a tough one. While I enjoyed it, I did notice it becoming a tad annoying when I was in an area for lengthy amounts of time. I wouldn't say it's bad in any sort of the imagination, but it didn't quite ""capture"" my ears like games have in the past. I think I have to remain neutral on this one.ConsBoss Fights - They leave a bit to be desired in terms of difficulty and style.Fighting Diversity - While you pick up different abilities, the fighting can become a bit stale during long playthroughs.RPG Elements - While you level up and progress, you can raise attributes and a acquire better equipment that will help boost your stats. However, the game seems to present this in the loosest form possible, often making the need for better gear somethings not even necessary, even on harder difficulties.Overall, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a pleasure. There are some minor blemishes that I would have loved to see fleshed out or adjusted more, but for practically one person creating this game, it's quite a monumental success in my eyes. I would highly recommend it to those who might be interested in this type of genre."
,Not Recommended,236090,9368922,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,coneil49,"I wouldn't recommend this game. I don't think it's fair to call it a Metroidvania-style game -- upgrades are superficial, new moves do not really enhance the gameplay and backtracking to get items you had to wait for is a HUGE pain in the butt and takes way too long. The combat is uninspired (walk up to a mob, press attack until it's dead) and I've never felt threatened playing on hard. Add to this occasional glitches that have forced me to reload and can't recommend this game, despite the excellent artwork."
76561198200804975,Not Recommended,236090,30778928,Posted: 27 March,all,Foxxsay,Incredibly repetitive.  Gameplay becomes rote and unchallenging.
76561198028320379,Not Recommended,236090,14466461,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jrchastek,"I don't understand why Dust is receiving such amazing reviews. Unless you're into the whole furry thing, this game falls short in a lot ways. The gameplay is overly simple, item customization leaves a lot to be desired, and the story is pretty boring. The visuals are OK, but they don't compare to some similar games."
76561197995245990,Not Recommended,236090,13501445,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,spybotplus,"Couldn't really get into the game.  Boring combat and annoying characters.  Graphics are pretty, but I want to play a game, not a watch a comic book."
,Not Recommended,236090,14205160,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MoxJeT,"If you think you are going to like this game you will probably like it, at least more than I did. Likewise, if you don't think it's for you then it's definitely not for you. You really do just get what you see. If you are on the fence about this game then it is probably not worth your money or your time. I would describe Dust as a beautiful and personal niche title that is both heavily flawed and painfully easy and boring at times. Considering it was made by more or less one guy it's an impressive work, but it really illustrates how difficult something as ambitious as this game is for just one person to undertake unfortunately. I have however, played RPGs made by entire teams of people with far worse dialogue and level design then this game, but that's not really saying much now is it."
76561197983225082,Not Recommended,236090,11079202,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,baddog993,"I have played this game for a little while now. I have to say on the plus side graphics look great and the sound is very nice. However the combat is super boring. I hate to say it but there it is.  The game mechanics remind me a lot like Castle Crashers a much more interesting game in my opinion. In Castle Crashers you smash stuff however its a lot more interesting. In Castle you can throw people, Smash people with you feet, throw people into the air and on the ground. Its a lot more interesting then the click left button and watch your guy smash people.Also there is a delay in smashing people. So if you wind up and smash someone on the right and want to hit someone on the left you have to wait for the motion to play out. I got hit a ton thanks to the lag of the smash ability in Castle there is no lag at all. The lag effect in this game drives me a little crazy. ALso you have to go thru a bunch of super generic bad guys who all act and look the same. Not saying this is a bad game because its not. Right now its just not hooking me like Castle Crashers does."
,Not Recommended,236090,10549240,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,imh,"Very dissapointing. The gameplay was horrendously mashy and boring, and the story was bland and cliche. Even the voice acting was grating."
,Not Recommended,236090,16619998,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Illasera,"Gameplay - its boring as well as repetitive.Graphics - Way too saturated and busy with spamming effects to give a damn about anything else.sound effects are ok.music was unnoticeable for me.I haven't played this game much, Because i couldn't, It was insufferably boring and repetitive.Note - This is not a METROIDVANIA GAME!a spectacle fighter + brawler, is more like it."
,Not Recommended,236090,13287211,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mathy Magician,"Super smooth controls and some pretty good fighting mechanics. And to think one person has made it, they are actually really nice! Ironically, the art and the story is... meh. It's just really bland and boring and cliché all the way through. If you like stories with a mysteries amnesic and his high-pitched, useless sidekick going on a quest to find his purpose in life, be my guest."
,Not Recommended,236090,15394956,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Hero Dale,"bought it cheap, but did not enjoy that much"
,Not Recommended,236090,10437949,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Ronar,Couldn't handle the fruit. Dullness! There are way much better games in that genre.
76561198075202969,Not Recommended,236090,17077613,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Coconut,waste of my money
,Not Recommended,236090,13588927,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,timtacular,"guess I didn't reasearch it well enough. Its a very pretty game, but the dialogue is too long at times and its just another hack n' slash.. sigh..."
76561198138082110,Not Recommended,236090,18358559,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MAGA MILK,gameplay and art is good but the whole amnesia story is bad. the voice acting is also very annoying.
76561198077538197,Not Recommended,236090,17593196,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,VandriX,"I don't really see the point of expending the game to a Mac if you can not edit the controles !Basically, you have to use the ""click"" of the mouse wheel for this game.But you don't have this button on the magic mouse for mac....And as I just said, you can not edit the controles for this games...So what should I do ? I just bought this game 15€, should I spend again some money on another mouse that I will use only 1 time ? Well, no thanks.Too bad."
76561198060806210,Not Recommended,236090,18901827,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ryan,"enemies take to many hits to kill, uninspired level design. nothing like nes castlevania"
76561198029779016,Not Recommended,236090,11190359,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Handjob of Midas,"If you are on easy mode, the Tethys boss should not be able to one shot kill you."
,Recommended,236090,14737606,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,T.w² | xCobalt,"Quite a fun RPG game, not a style I am typically into but definitely worth buying."
76561198140306164,Not Recommended,236090,20535180,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,claudiopin,"Don't buy this pile of crap! I can't understand how this pile of sh*t got so many good reviews! It's a mediocre game filled with bugs. For starters, many, many times when I start the game, it simply doesn't start but keeps Steam client thinking it's active, so I need to restart my computer if I want to play another game. The game is at best mediocre, the graphics are sh*t, mechanics are nothing to write home about, it's a scham. DON'T BUY THIS CRAP."
,Not Recommended,236090,19899489,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PaddyDaddy6969,"Ever wonder what heppens when one of your friends, that happens to be a furry, recommends a game to you? You end up with YIFF with clothes on. This game is essentially running through furryville, watching all the non-furries bully the sad fandom so they are forced to get help from you, Dust. Who is Dust you may ask? I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue. This game leaves you in the dark about what your name is because if you knew what your name was, you would be able to assassinate yourself fro being a furry. This sad fandom needs to pull the tail out their asses, and start focusing on what is actually attractive. Furry creatures should not give someone a big-ol' towering BONER!!! Thumbs down my furry enimes... Thumbs Down."
76561198069503358,Not Recommended,236090,33606983,Posted: 17 July,all,germnate,Combat is mundane. I didn't make it very far into the game before becoming bored.
,Recommended,236090,10366125,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,Ginger.
,Not Recommended,236090,34862970,Posted: 10 September,all,Breadsticks64,"i would recommend this game if it's not ended up being repetitive and boring. this game is mainly hack and slash game, and it is not a metroidvania and platformer focused game despite from the looks of it. the enemies are generic and repetitive, the boss fight is extremely frustating and unbalanced, as if killing the boss 1 or 2 times isn't enough. i don't know how most people would manage to defeat the boss. story and visual are ok but sadly it's easily forgettable and overwhelmed by enemies throughout the game. a chaotic and unsatisfying game with infinite amount of enemies and special effects that covers your almost entire screen, not recommended for average joe and casual players"
,Recommended,236090,16866436,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Deus Sinistro,"Furries's Wet dream. Thats about it. If you like furries buy it, if  you're normal its an ok game.It took me 2.1 hrs to finish this game."
,Not Recommended,236090,15574908,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Foryn Gilnith,"Seemed to be a great game when it ran, but now that it crashes consistently on startup I have been unable to enjoy my purchase."
,Not Recommended,236090,14870774,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,gay bobo,"This game is ugly and boring. I prefer Metroidvanias with interesting bosses and a variety of weapons. This game looks like it was mostly painted in flat color using photoshop dodge and burn for value changes, none of the color is properly contextual, the weapon design is disgusting, the animation looks like flash, the characters are on par with 80's cash grab cartoons. The dialogue is poorly written but well executed. Combat is basic hack and slash. Enemy variety is sparse, to the point that a monster that has a new status effect warrants a short cutscene."
,Recommended,236090,7740742,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PeerRails,FURAWESOME COMBOS
,Not Recommended,236090,11188476,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,gjac,It's the ultimate incarnation of platform boredom.
76561198025897448,Not Recommended,236090,14841308,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,J2 Ninja,Sure it would be great if I could get it to work.....
76561198045841304,Not Recommended,236090,19381780,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BK Big Fish,"I played this for about 10 minutes and shut it off as soon as the second cutscene with ""fidget"" was done, i literally felt so uncomfortable and embarrassed because the dialogue in this game is so cringeworthy i cant even stand it. The gameplay does not at all seem worth trying to fight the cringe."
76561198118973337,Not Recommended,236090,10639379,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Crow,"it's a cool game  and the art is pretty, but you need one of those special gaming mouses with the bottons on the side to even do an attack."
,Not Recommended,236090,18076543,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Soda,"Can there just be a ""Furry"" tag on this product to warn us normies?"
76561198085926417,Recommended,236090,13113469,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Coleco_84,Pretty good metroidvania game...despite the furry bull@#$%
,Not Recommended,236090,34994758,Posted: 16 September,all,rushif3ll,"It looked like it would be an awesome game within the first hour of gameplay, but then it turns out teleporting is limited by consumable items. Manually running around an open world is just plain tedious. The game made a great impression, but the teleporting is a dealbreaker for me."
,Not Recommended,236090,16766683,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Entirity,"This game has a lot of wasted potential.+Beautiful visuals+Fluid combat-Way too easy-Incredibly repetitive combat. While what exists is fluid like stated above, you have incredibly few moves at your disposal, and once you get the wind ability (about 30 min in) you press two buttons repeatedly and watch your screen explode.-Uninspired amnesia story-Annoying/boring characters+/- Anthropromorphic animals (aka furries)While I respect the work put into the game, I can't recommend this game unless you really love the visuals or a child will be playing it."
,Not Recommended,236090,26000598,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Morshay,"A hack and slash side scroller game with stereotypical characters and a shallow story. The gameplay itself is fine, but becomes repetitive and boring after a while. Play Claw or Ori and the Blind Forest instead."
76561198135545995,Not Recommended,236090,19296454,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Fraeh,-10/10 i would not recommend this game- boringmy favorite part of the game is the uninstall button
76561198012005731,Not Recommended,236090,34870060,Posted: 10 September,all,angthratol,Doesn't work on windows 10 can't save. Device is full error. No support addresses the error. Issue has been ongoing since 2013 at least.
,Not Recommended,236090,24672265,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Gnull,"3/10 edgy flash game with cringe-inducing dialogue, deviant-tart graphics and a desperate attempt to milk the Furry cashcow. Was disappointed after the constant praise I'd heard about it from friends and reviewers.- Shop system redundant- Babbified for consoles- Ugly and cringy, you can get the same effect from searching ""anthro comic"" on DeviantArt for free- Story miserably predictableThe main character is an amnesiac villain reincarnated and the speaking sword is manipulating you. I haven't finished the game, and I know that's how it goes down.- Some ♥♥♥♥ing annoying enemy types I though had died out forever with the 2D Castlevanias- Feels like a 00s side-scrolling metroidvania flash game+ Combat system is okay-ish, little button mashy but mostly solid+ Plays okay on a controllerDon't bother with this even on sale. Buy Bad Rats instead, at least you'll get a chuckle or two.If you get it for free you might as well slog through a few minutes to see if you fall in love with the combat.or if you want to ♥♥♥♥ Fidget the Midget, you filthy furry"
76561198078857535,Not Recommended,236090,22017323,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TIO PIXERINO,Total garbage from a gameplay perspective. Played 5 minutes and decided to refund
76561198072182182,Not Recommended,236090,9307257,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Though the background art is very nice and the player-character animations are smooth, the action is dull, floaty and repetitive.  The story is also limp.  I also don't care for the furry style the game uses, but your mileage may vary when it comes to that."
,Not Recommended,236090,31566685,Posted: 5 May,all,Chish,"The characters and story are very cliché. The art is good... aside from the cutscenes, which seem to have been done at half the resolution of the rest of the game. The music is fine, but forgettable. The game mixes hack-and-slash with platforming in approximately equal parts; I personally prefer an emphasis on the platforming part. The actual platforming is very generic. They stuck the challenging platforming bits in optional zones, which I think is good, but the reward for completing these bits is lackluster.I feel it's kind of a shame when I consider a game being short to be a good thing. This is one of those games."
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,236090,24787294,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Over-rated metroidvania for casual gamers that allows you to win easily as it fills the screen with so much special effects thay you can't see what the hell you're doing. You just keep button-mashing mindlessly and always come out on top. There are much better merroidvania games out there.Beautiful furry art, decent characters but ugly, sloppy gameplay that drowns the tight controls and magic of what this game could have been. Save your money for a game that challenges you and offers a story worth your money."
76561198100734002,Not Recommended,236090,32468787,Posted: 16 June,all,taijitu,"so my first impression of this game was, (wow):-great art style-awsome animation-good voice actingbut then I REALISED it has only like 4 combos, what the hell do i do with 4 combos ?, by the time it hit, it was too late for a refund.I guess you should buy it if you were not that deep into combat and style things"
,Not Recommended,236090,29496962,Posted: 25 January,all,*Yuki*,"Blurry graphics, upscaled from 720p, gameplay, built around dozens of backtracking. Overhyped."
,Not Recommended,236090,10347221,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Those2Pandas,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is very fluid, and the gameplay is interesting, but the story is not meant for adults. The platforming is fun, and the fights are engaging. There are a good amount of challenge areas to test your skills and plenty of secrets to find. I did end up kicking myself for choosing a normal difficulty, as I blazed through most of the game without a struggle. Unfortunately, playing through the game, I would often find myself rolling my eyes at some of the dialogue and plot points, and these are pivotal parts of an RPG. I could easily see this game being very captivating for a child or a young teenager, but at that point it seems like buying this game on XBox live is a much better investment.Pros:Good gameplayLots of secretsCons:Childish storyNot too challenging"
,Not Recommended,236090,8417911,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FoxboyPrower,"Recently I beat the game “Dust an Elysian Tail”. I heard about it on the ActFur podcast.Basically it's a side-scrolling adventure game with anthropomorphic characters. You play as Dust, a blue furred swordsman that has lost his memory. You are joined by a talking magic sword and a flying little helper thing named Fidget. Together you must discover your past and save... the land or something. You know it'll happen at some time in the game.The gameplay starts out decently. I was glad that a steam game had such well implemented xbox 360 controls, but turns out that it was released on the xbox live marketplace too. So the game doesn't get extra points for that. The sword combat uses 2 buttons and a third button to use Figdet's magic. At first I thought the combos would make for challenging gameplay with tight controls, but then you learn the dust storm in which you spin your sword around like a deadly fan. After that the second sword button that was used for combos is dedicated to the dust storm and the sword combos are a pain to pull off after that because now it'll just turn you into a murder tornado most of the time. While doing this you can get your little flying squirrel friend to shoot magic into your dust storm and fill the entire screen with magic lens flares and dying enemies. Later in the game this will drop the challenge curve off a cliff while you breeze through the ending. But throughout the entire game the combat is nothing short of a cluster-♥♥♥♥. It's got a level up system and item crafting system where you get materials from dead enemies. The gameplay felt like a small upgrade from a free flash game.The plot of the game is peculiar. If you think twokinds has the best storytelling ever, this is a couple steps down from that, so you might enjoy it. Early on in the game you learn that you were in some army under the command of a some general whom is basically a furry hitler. You were participating in the genocide of creatures called “moonbloods”. Thing is, not much has changed since the memory loss since you've been slaughtering moonbloods since the beginning of the game. Your character wonders if he's doing the right thing in a cutscene, then afterward you cut back to gameplay of you racking up combos of murdering these creatures. The plot and the gameplay are so inconsistent. After I learned the moonbloods were faced with extinction (despite the infinite supply of them on repeated areas), I tried to avoid combat then pretending the moonbloods I had run into were all just had brain damage that makes them inexplicably violent. Turns out you can't move to the next area if there are enemies nearby. So not only do they make you feel evil for killing enemies, they force you to kill them to gain experience, complete quests, and just travel around the place. Plus the story never explains why the feral moonbloods keep hitting you with sticks throughout your journey.Anyways, the tone of the game feels setup by the art style. The landscapes are constructed from beautifully constructed hand-painted set pieces. The good guys are attractive, and the bad guys are unattractive. While this is sadly common, I thought the game would move away from that. But the only exception seems to be the fat-chinned furry Hitler at the end. Even when you find the sane moonbloods, they've been made to look nice. Your little fuzzy magic thing is always quick to point out what is ugly and what is pretty. The landscape, the monsters, and on occasion the other characters. The shopkeeper is apparently ugly, because he has to hide in the shadows of his little tent to keep you from dicing him to pieces upon sight. Without giving away spoilers, the game makes it very obvious that a sequel is planned. It's mentioned that there are four other swords of Elysium. Wow, a number of magic swords. That's certainly not a cliched plot device. In the ending cinematic, the last line of spoken dialog is one of the characters basically telling you there's going to be a sequel.I didn't feel like the game was amazing or even very good. It's decent and certainly looks nice I suppose. The only reason I bought the game was because of the furry art style. So if you want an adequate adventure game with a furry art style, this game is an option. Just don't expect to be blown away by it."
76561198012931704,Not Recommended,236090,12252268,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wolvenfire86,"This is a Fan Fiction trying to be a game It is littered with horrible exposition and plagued by a poorly narrated story. The dialogue sounds like something 14 year old wrote. It’s not that the ideas are bad, but the way it is told that is painful.The main character is unspeakably boring and has NO personality. He also has probably the dumbest character design I think I’ve ever seen. He’s supposed to be a warrior who is mysterious and he wears *sea-green*? What?The gameplay is very easy and the fighting is fun but gets repetitive towards the end.I like Fidget because she is cute and funny, and I felt really bad for the bad guy because of what was going on with his friend…but that is another problem; I sympathized more with the villain than any of the other characters.At no point are we told where Gaius’ army is coming from. Like, who is supporting this war? Where are these soldiers coming from? Why would anyone go this far to kill the Moonbloods (another stupid name) without true incentive?And the Moonbloods…there is so much not explained. How can they do magic and why can other people not? How did they manage  to pull off that ritual if the vicious killed Cassius was right there when he did it? Why aren’t they doing that ritual more than once? You know, like on a lot of people? Then it wouldn’t be just one Dust. It would be an army defending them. Theories aside, we are never told why.Also, Dust is wearing sea-green and has a hat, and that Ginger girl only figures out who he is in the last 3 hours of gameplay. Is she blind? See what I mean when I say it sounds like a 14 year old wrote it?The art is good.I think teenagers are the only demographic that could love this game. I am disappointed  that this game got a few things right and totally dropped the ball when it game to the writing. It could have been great, but it instead far below average. This game will not be won’t be remembered."
76561198141678849,Not Recommended,236090,14076079,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,F_Kal,"I had gone through 50% of the game, when I was about to give up, and was preparing for a rather negative review, when I read that the game was mostly designed by a single person. Because of that, I decided to finish it and see it in whole.Having finished it, I'm so impressed by the effort and detail he put into it.But truth be told, other than that, my original opinion hasn't changed.I'd rather had watch a 2-hour-long documentary about the challenges making this game, than actually play it.I'm an adventure gamer so the main reason I'd play a game would be to enjoy the world and the story. Unfortunately, the story was not as interesting as other reviews had me believe, and neither the world.Overall good quality game (nice voice acting, nice graphics, nice music score) but not for me... Probably for younger ages too (I'm 30-something)"
,Not Recommended,236090,8813661,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Zangorwarrior,"OK, so, I'm going to get a lot of hate for saying this but I have to say this...""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" is kind of a boring game, in my opinion. *draws flame shield*Don't get me wrong, I did have expectations in playing this game as at hindsight, it looks really good. The art style really does show some creativity, vibrancy and blendness between the background and the foreground. The music and SFX are not that bad, either and therefore, does fit into a description of a different fantasy setting. But I really looked into the core of the game which is the gameplay, it has gotten boring REALLY FAST. And I REALLY hate to say this about a game that I wanted to like...but I can't.When it comes down to the gameplay, it comes across as a fun aspect for 5 minutes and later on, it becomes dull and repetitive for the last 7 hours. There are hardly new combos being learned while you level up, the grinding dosen't really become noticeable, nor excessive, the sidequests are OK, I guess and the backtracking dosen't feel really satisfying for me, as if there is no 'punch' to be brought in this game. Sometimes, the controls don't really feel solid, either, which sometimes makes for some awkward platforming, especially when you're traversing the'Monsoon Caverns'and the Final Level of the game. The only aspects of the game that I enjoyed were the bosses and even they were too easy to wheeze through.And the story that was presented in this game...to be honest, I wasn't impressed. It feels a bit like Final Fantasy IV most of the time and the way they told it feels boring to me. Although, I do admit, the humor is a bit nice but the story sometimes dosen't hold up my interest with the characters I'm relating to as the characters come across as either boring or one-dimensional and it dosen't help the story for me. At least the story isn't linear, which is a good thing.As I have said before, I do really adore the art style, the music and the SFX in this game. However, the voice acting seems a bit off to me. A bit off that I can actually hear heavy breathing between the lines, almost as if the actors are SO CLOSE to the microphone, which sometimes dosen't really help. Not to mention that every single character I talk to has a stereotype accent. Yeah, because this is a fantasy game! We can't have a fantasy game without accents, can't we!?Regarding the ending, I was literally going 'WTF?'. It just felt like something out of left-field and just shook me in the wrong way.Why did Dust kill himself in the lava? Was it to redeem his own kind as being blood-hungry monsters? Or that he has done a good deed and decided '♥♥♥♥ it. Let's call it a day.' only to have his soul fly away to hint that there's going to be a sequel?I really do apologize for all of you that have read this review but I wanted to express of what I feel about the game. Sure, it's a different opinion but, I've never expected myself to review a game like this. It was just how I felt with the experience of this game.Well, here is hoping that the sequel will make up for the potential and the problems that this game presented for me. Overall, it's an appealing game to look at but the promises can only go so far with the story presentation, technical direction and its reptitive gameplay. If you want a good game to power through, don't expect this one to be BAFTA-worthy any time soon.(Hate to give it a score: 5/10)"
76561198008501221,Not Recommended,236090,11863952,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,BinarySolo,"Dust is a fine game, but it doesn't resonate with me. It is very much an ""art"" game: if you like the art and story it will keep you playing. If you don't, there isn't enough gameplay to sink your teeth into.The good: The story and animation feel like they are strait out of an anime from yesteryear. The cutscenes remind me of the ""complete"" versions of the Lunar games, except more of them with more polish. The art is really very good for this style and the level of detail is fantastic. Combat moves look interesting as do special powers.The bad: The story and animation feel like they are strait out of an anime from yesteryear. It's cheesy, full of anime cliches (spunky sidekick, amnesiatic protagonist) and generally felt complete but immature. Combat is shallow (same button to block and attack means you almost never have to block intentionally), special abilities aren't really all that different (throw fire/lightning/spirit/whatever ball). Combat is trivially easy on normal difficulty, and remains trivially easy on higher difficulties except that now most enemies one-shot you. The combat looks cool but at the end of the day you are playing at a nroaml difficulty in which case you can tear through mountains of enemies like paper, or you are playing on a hard difficulty where you can tear though mountains of enemies like paper but sometimes you die without warning if there are too many enemies near you and one got an attack off.In any case, I beat the first two bosses on hardcore and realized I wasn't having fun, so I put it down."
76561197993703914,Not Recommended,236090,32168312,Posted: 3 June,all,Primate,"Good animation, but let down by dull and repetitive combat and shallow RPG mechanics."
76561198059860869,Not Recommended,236090,23774545,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Chronic,for me this game got repetitive very quickly. The fighting is always the same. The characters dont appeal to me and the level designs are not very creative.
,Not Recommended,236090,34320688,Posted: 17 August,all,dan_de_lions,"If you like flashy battles, cute and quirky characters that look like animals, and exploring a vibrant world, this game may be great for you.  There was clearly a lot of passion put into it and many people love it.Personally, I would not recommend it to my friends.  I found myself spamming the same attack for every enemy which made every encounter ridiculously easy.  A lot of the dialogue was over-the-top and cringy.  I didn't like how the characters are all curvy animals, and I could never get used to seeing them.But all that means is that I am not the right person to enjoy this game.  You have to decide for yourself if you are.  You'll probably know within the first 10 minutes whether you will enjoy it or not."
,Not Recommended,236090,26450157,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Auntie Matter,"Deceptify unfun and repetitive, even for a beat-em-up. All of the voice acting sounds like it was done by the se person."
76561198168852064,Not Recommended,236090,15283961,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,themachination,"This is the first game I actually paid for on Steam. It looked pretty cool in the trailer and screenshots, but ultimately became a disappointment. The artistic style of the game is pretty good in parts, but other parts feel like some middle-schooler's attempt at making anime fan art. Voice-acting isn't terrible, but its not great either. Game play and controls were handled decently, but could've been better. I'm a big fan of ""Metroidvania"" games, but this just doesn't cut it. I would save your money for something else."
,Not Recommended,236090,7894895,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Vehmeriino,"I just couldn't bring myself to like this game no matter how hard I tried. I'm a huge fan of the Metroidvania genre, which includes games like Castlevania Symphony of the Night, Super Metroid, Cave Story, Muramasa The Demon Blade and so forth...I approached Dust thinking it would be a bit like Muramasa because of its huge character sprites, similar anime-style art direction and also a big focus on melee combat. That's also what Dust is in essence, but when compared to Muramasa everything just seems very dull. The combat is floaty and I think there is not enough impact when you execute all your moves. The animations are very cool and flashy but the execution just feels wrong and rewardless. Your combo meter goes up into the hundreds, but there is just no feeling of impact. Also where Muramasa kind of had this alternation between combat and exploration, Dust is basically combat all the time, and the already average combat system becomes annoying after a few hours.And that is basically my biggest problem in the gameplay of Dust, but then we get into the elephant in the room... The artstyle and the voice actingThere's nothing wrong with the execution and I know what they were going for, but the governing ideas behind it all rubbed me the wrong way. I just don't like the overly humanized furry design of the game. I know this is probably a reason why many people became interested about the game in the first place, but me as a fan of only the Metroidvania genre would not have wanted these characters to look that way.Also a very personal nitpick is the voice acting for the two main leads. I found Dust and Fidget extremely annoying. I can hear that both the voice actors are very talented in their own right, but it just annoys me when Dust has to deliver all his lines with this annoying emo kid vibe and Fidget has this high pitched overly enthusiastic voice. Fidget is basically Navi from Ocarina of Time whit a huge amount of fully spoken dialogue. I don't know why they wanted to choose their voices to sound this way, but I'm kind of saddened that they did, because the awful delivery totally ruins the story for me.I won't comment much on the story, because I have not completely finished the game, but I think I have played enough to form an opinion of the game in general. So far I think the story is kind of interesting and has had a nice amount of twists. The boss battles have also been very well integrated into the story. It is entertaining, and generally well acted besides my gripes about the main leads."
,Not Recommended,236090,12672744,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wendin,"Don't know why this game is so hyped.The whole gampelay is about mashing duststorm in the air hitting everything on the screen while dodging everything at the same time. Furthermore this game hasn't big RPG elements or a bright story. Nor it has interesting characters. Dust is just some random guy with amnesia which makes him boring.If you are looking for something simular but with better and balanced gameplay, try Valdis Story."
,Not Recommended,236090,13108674,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,JoyfulToad,Extremely shallow combat system. Decent art. Also a companion more annoying than Navi.
76561197987956041,Not Recommended,236090,33997604,Posted: 3 August,all,RitaMaSTeR,"Ive almost 2 hours playing this 2d game, So i cant write a deep review, but i know some things! First of, the dialogues are.. HORRIBLE! The story is NOT appealing, the early combat seems poor, the exploration is nice, but the map is horrible. Reaching the first town, if there is others, you are overloaded in quests! Well, I just paid 2 or 3€ but what can i expected from a game that have a fairy named FIDGET... The art and graphics seems nice. I didnt like it a bit and i tryed!"
76561198107914509,Not Recommended,236090,34027533,Posted: 4 August,all,Gilberto Alfredo,The writting is terrible most of world buliding is done through dialogueVoice acting is sub parwhen they try to go for comedy it falls flat on its faceworlds prettysub par enemy varationrepetitive gameplaysound track is ok I guessprotaginist is too edgy and cool for schoolcompainin isnt funnyRpg elements are there however barley exporedpretty linear side quest here and there but ussally on the way to your main mission
76561197993730238,Not Recommended,236090,13158753,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kallisti,"Cons: Very repetitive simplistic game play, once you get through the tutorial and have access to your main abilities, that's pretty much the entire game.  Fly around, spam attacks, collect loot, move on... The crafting system is barely useful as you often find items that are much better than the ones that you can craft.  The music is enjoyable and there was one puzzle in the entire game that I thought was interesting, the plot line was predictable and the voice acting was way over the top.  I did not enjoy the character design.Pros: The background art was lovely and the music was enjoyable.I would not play it again and barely wanted to finish it during my first play through."
,Not Recommended,236090,10205782,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Your Nightly Ninja [E],"I really, really wanted to like this game.  I tried so very hard to like this game.  It pains me to say that, while I ultimately DID like the game, it does have several undeniable problems that make it something of a chore to play.  Dust:  An Elysian Tail is one I have had my eye on for a long time, and when the opportunity to purchase it at a pittance struck, so did I.  I had heard it was all hand-drawn, and I'm a total sucker for that stuff (see Muramasa: The Demon Blade, Braid, and others), so it took a financial lead against eating lunch that day.  Obviously.  I watched a brief clip of the combat system, and was happy to see simple combo-based melee fighting.  When I fired it up, the most obvious and glaring problem threw itself directly in my face.I had to load into the game twice because it crashed before the main menu even popped up.  This problem happened again and again during my time in the game, between cutscenes, loading screens, save screens, etc.  Any time I had to load something, it was rolling 1d20 (-5) for success.  I fumbled more than I care to admit (not my fault, not my fault).  Unfortunately, that wasn't the only problem.Dust:  An Elysian Tail loses most of its points for awful, awful voice acting, bad jokes and frequent and poorly timed fourth-wall breaches, and Fidget, the strange flying foxbatfairydog companion of happenstance.  These things are so bad, it almost makes the game not worth playing, which is sad to me.  The top hit on Google for the game is a forum question asking if there's any way to REMOVE FIDGET FROM THE GAME.  And what's worse, I actually clicked the link to judge whether or not it was worth the effort.  I had to reminding myself that I needed her in there (at least the first time I played through) in order to understand the story.  I  think (read ""desperately hope"") that the game was created in another language and dubbed into English.  I have this problem in anime a lot, so it only makes sense.  Anyone who's seen even one episode of Naruto in English can attest to that, BELIEVE IT."
,Not Recommended,236090,13675067,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"This was a pretty tough experience for me. I recall being disinterested in the story and skipping cutscenes. I also recall lowering the difficulty to casual. It's a good action RPG experience, just not for me."
,Not Recommended,236090,8443428,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ffrinch,"Why play through a whole game and then not recommend it? Because the early game has promise, and later, well, on Normal difficulty, it was so outrageously easy that breezing through was not in the least frustrating.Dust: An Elysian Tale is a hack-and-slash Metroidvania game with RPG elements: levelling up, equipment, stupid side-quests about collecting items, characters who won't shut up, and a dreadful yet entirely serious plot about the amnesiac warrior Dust battling hordes of evil monsters and the genocidal General Gaius.  Comic relief is provided by Dust's companion, a winged fox thing called a ""nimbat"".Oh, and everyone in the world is a furry.Artwork is attractive, particularly the hand-painted backgrounds and other terrain. Dust himself is well-animated, but less attention went to the enemies: many of the enemy sprites look fine when standing still but terrible in motion.The real problem is that there are few puzzles and little platforming, just screen after screen of of mooks with occasional interruptions for dialogue. The game lives or dies on the quality of its combat, and that combat isn't enough.A tutorial early in the game explains Dust's starting combos, and a combo-counter in the top right helpfully lists the number of strikes. You might be encouraged into thinking that this is going somewhere, but it isn't: there are no new moves coming to string together into fun combos; and long combos have no effect other than granting bonus experience. Combat actually gets worse when you learn the next and final moves, involving tapping the ""Dust Wind"" button to whirl the sword around like a fan or fly through the air. This is particularly effective because Fidget is capable of launching projectiles, which are multiplied by the Dust Wind. Most of the game will involve spamming these attacks as much as possible.One reason the late game gets easier is that you find items which multiply Fidget's power. These multipliers stack, so her hundreds of hits that do very low damage are eventually multiplied 8x or more and the game is renamed ""Fidget: Unstoppable Killing Machine"".While impressive for a game largely developed by one person, Dust doesn't feel like a labour of love in the same way as recent classics like Fez or Guacamelee (which, incidentally, also has far more interesting combat). It's OK, but, for me, that's not enough. If you like endlessly spamming the same attacks, though, it sure is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,236090,8484122,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ｍｖｈｖ,"I basically 100% completed this game, and the combat was kind of fun, but I don't know why. I know it's personal preference, but the story is embrassingly bad, and the character designs just outright make me feel uncomfortable. I came into it with a relatively open mind, knowing about the basic style of the game, and while some of the backgrounds are pleasant to look at, all the other art feels extremely amateur, especially the cutscenes, which look like they were animated by a 15 year old boy with a DeviantART account.The OSX port was also rather janky in parts, all of the cutscenes were broken and were at least 15 seconds out of sync with the audio, and although there is 1440p support, it looks terrible the way that certain elements such as the overworld map having large unaligned black boxes where the pieces of background art obviously just end while the screen doesn't.It's a few hours of dumb fun, but I wouldn't recommend it.PS: I didn't play 16 hours of the game, it would just never close properly, instead crashing and locking up as an icon on my dock, which steam would just consider me still playing while I was AFK."
,Not Recommended,236090,8646018,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Competent game mechanics can't saveElysianfrom its non-existent level of challenge, lousy hit detection, childish dialogue, obnoxious voice acting, inconsistent aesthetics and mediocre character design.If you want to see this sort of thing done right, go play the Vita version ofMuramasainstead."
76561197991567851,Not Recommended,236090,11456063,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Fixxed,"Seeing the amount of copies this game sold, i can only imagine how many cousins or brothers the devs must have...Steamrolling zero challenge sidescroller... inface of many awesome platformers, this game fails to meet even ancient arcade standards.simply cant find the fun, in moving right and clicking everytime some sponge fist enemy show up.Story? seriously, people who actually think this game has a nice story, probably dont read much more than their names in starbucks cups.Its a sword with a bad voice, talking to confused kid who doesnt know why he has been chosen to wield the magical sword (DAMN originalz...) and a ""comical"" (intention only) character that flys around being unadventurous, unfunny, uncool, unsmart, uninteresting and uneverythingthatwouldmakemewanaplay.But i guess there is a taste for everything... even if its for monkeyballs...The only positive thing about this game, is that it definetly inspires many creative developers to launch their games, since even this thing sold alot.."
,Not Recommended,236090,14533706,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Someone,"furry casilvania with a shallow story but great everything else. unfortunatly the furries didnt let me take this seriously, and the difference between beautiful art and the characters scrapbook drawings♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ruined it for me.i'll giive it a 4/10the difficulty ramps to the final boss. that blows."
76561198089144874,Not Recommended,236090,10461282,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Comedy Silver,"Playing this game I didn't really feel that it was a game. While playing it all I could see was furry devian art in flash animation. All I could hear were people trying to be voice actors, putting on really poor accents. The music is okay. The gameplay relies of it's ""artsty glammery lens flare"" to keep the player's attention and keep them invested. The story is predictable, and dull at points. The characters are often bland, and over dramatic (hence the bad voice acting) I couldent help but not really feel anything for the side characters. They give you the side characters that they tried to give deep back stories, only to flood you with information as you are done with their side quest, and trying to leave. Honestly This is an okay game, not really a great, or ""wow"" game just a ""Meh"" But if you are someone who likes furries, and like stories that are overly simple then thuis game is for you."
,Not Recommended,236090,9347630,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Crispy Tacos,"Visually, this game is great - great animations, great art. Everything is just ""okay"" - the combat, the story, the characters. Nothing here that really stands out."
,Not Recommended,236090,16475308,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Leet_KFC,"Mechanically its a very fun game but.... I couldn't stop thinkg about how all the characters look like furries and the dialogue is just so damn cringe inducing, I had to turn it off.I wanted to like it but I couldn't force myself."
,Not Recommended,236090,11631216,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DocCastle,"I hoped this game would be my next Bastion: beautiful and fun.Nope, just pretty.The game has no gameplay. It is a 2d beat-em-up, but there are 2 things that stuck out to me right away. All enemies bunch up and I can hit them all at once, and they had all kinds of variation of color and type right off the bat, but they all acted the same.Oh, and there is one move where you tap ""Y"" over and over (and pretty much kill everything). So what keeps you from using this every fight? If you use it for 7 seconds, it hits you, lightly.Yeah, this game has no substance"
,Not Recommended,236090,1695774,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Nahu,"Unless you are willing to overlook AWFUL voice acting, furry art and a lousy story do not buy this game. Sure, it's the work of a single guy but Cave Story this is not."
76561197975737333,Not Recommended,236090,8388453,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,white_lupine,"I came. I saw. I got extremely bored. Sure, it's beautiful, but that's all it is. The story is essentially someone vomiting onto a script after over-eating at the grand cliche buffet. The combat is so simple it can't even qualify as a button masher. The combo system isn't rewarding, it's just sort of there. You only notice it when you're arbitrarily punished for failing to block a hit hidden somewhere amid all the flying crap. And believe me, there is flying crap. Your every ""spell"" essentially boils down to ""spin sword to make flying debris more numerous"". Your main cast consists of amnesiac emo kid, high pitched airhead, and pointlessly obtuse talking sword. Your story automatically fails if you include ANY of these cliches, but they decided to pile them all together and try to sell it to us just because it's pretty and full of furries. I think the entire game can be summed up with a 4th wall breaking comment from your squeek toy companion. ""Have you seen him in battle? It's all vrowvrowvrow and stuff flying all over the screen!"""
76561198050606366,Not Recommended,236090,8673888,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FinlongerTheMighty,Disney could have made this game it feels like it is geared towards a super young demograophic. It handholds you through everything which gets annoying fast. The voice acting and dialoge were pretty bad as well. Gameplay was pretty boring as well. I really don't see how the reviews for it were so good.
76561197980472955,Not Recommended,236090,8756074,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The JG Man,"Dust's strong presentation masks its disappointing lack of depth across the board.After several hours playing, I no longer feel like I can keep myself excited about mashing the light attack button any more against waves of mosnters that pose an absolutely minimal threat, even on the hardest difficulty setting. That the voice acting is nauseating, but passable if it weren't for the absolutely dull and at times clichéd dialogue that provides little in terms of urgency or at the very least interest and intrigue. And whilst there's nothing ostensibly wrong with having a plain good vs. bad story-line or even an amnesiaced main hero, having a companion who is seemingly a combination of everything wrong with voiced companion/side-kicks into one and a talking sword that seems to be taking joy in how vague it can be, it all combined just feels very lacking.The game feels like it could've done with an impartial outsider to just sit there and edit it. Rooms full of monsters to clear go from being standard game objective stuff to a chore, with no real variety from the first ten minutes to four hours in how you engage the lion's share of them. On top of this, when the AI does eventually muster some will to bother to attack you, it can be hard to determine by what you've been attacked by when facing groups as well as some enemy attack animations feeling like they deal damage before it looks like they should do. Whilst there is a satisfactory dash ability, I felt I was at odds with movement every so often when I would be moving/facing in one direction and trying to attack, only for the game to seemingly take control for a second and attack in the opposite direction, much to my continued chagrin. Does the combat improve later on? Quite possibly, but it's a tedium for some time at least.The game does have a lovely presentation though, clearly being rather polished. It has a great artistic style and the anthropomorphic creatures that inhabit the world are well visaulised, although suffering from the aforementioned dialogue and voice-over issues. Animations are really smooth and movement generally feels consistent, but this feels like a periphery to the core elements of the game that just could not hold up.Ultimately the feeling I get from the game is that it's just shallow. Some design decisions feel like they were done in spite of things that might make things more enjoyable, for example backtracking is hindered by a need for 'teleportation stones' if you want to return to the world map from a save point in an area, as well as only being able to enter an area from the world map by one of its main entrances. Whilst both might be more in fitting with the lore of the game, it ultimately made me unwilling to really go back into areas and look through them properly when it would've just been nice to have the opportunity to move about with greater freedom. This, overall, I feel epitomises the problems with the game and eventually made me stop playing. A shame!*Played with a 360 controller."
,Not Recommended,236090,14979781,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cohj,"Now Firstly,I put a no just because personally I would not recommend it but let me say that the game is well done. The graphics are very good. The story is not half bad. The big kicker for me was the gameplay. It was kinda dull.  You ran around hitting three buttons which did varying things which was animated well and all that but going from panel to panel doing the exact same thing just to grab one item to go from panel to panel again.For me, it was the killer of this game."
,Not Recommended,236090,9497761,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,TheEmann,"Dust is kinda an iffy game for me: I didn't dislike it enough to stop, but I didn't really enjoy myself playing it.  It felt like it was trying too hard to be a really generic anime, in both combat and storyline.  ""Oh, I can't remember anything, but for some reason I have these super crazy powers.""  Its a classic anime plotline, and really uninspiring; as for combat, it was all flash, no substance: monsters were mostly fodder for your sword to make the screen flash, only occasionally putting up any serious attempt at damaging you.  When they do finally decide to try and hurt you, it becomes more of a ""I'm just gonna black everything you throw at me"" kinda thing, which made it even more droll.The puzzles are probably the best part: occasionally I felt like one was pretty interesting.Overall, while its not a terrible game, I didn't feel like I took anything away from playing it; its the very definition of generic."
,Not Recommended,236090,12972238,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ali Wak,The interface and menus are pretty sloppy. The characters lack any kind of...character. The intro is pretty neato but as it stands it explains very little and the fact that upon my first death I managed to accidentally delete my main save means that the game should perhaps forgo the use of pictures for buttons and just use words like most other games.Although it's impressive that 1 person made this I can't say I had a pleasant experience.
,Not Recommended,236090,10743704,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sc1ph3r,"Frustrating, flat characters, emo looking protagonist, annoying sidekick, grindy, button mashy, need I say more?"
,Not Recommended,236090,8978457,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Blu-J,"GAMEPLAY:5/10STORY:6/10The reason for I would not recommend this game is due to the fact that I had to force myself to finish it. The ""new game"" feeling wore of very quickly, and it became repetative. I have had no desire to play it again. Plus there is only so much bad anthropomorphism the mind can take."
,Not Recommended,236090,8587194,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,R`',Difficult as ♥♥♥♥ even in Normal Mode but fun while it lasted.Lasted Me: 7 HoursWorth Meter: $5
,Not Recommended,236090,8443560,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,.:cy nothing parker:.,"Combat is fun. Artwork is cool. Animation's excellent.Voice-acting is the worst ever. All the actors draaaawww oooouuut theeeeiiiir liiiiiiiines and the writing's not really great. This is the kind of writing you would skim at best. You'd wish for voice-actors who just quickly mumbled through them but instead, they take their sweet time, adding as much infuriating character as they possibly can. This game is almost an endurance test to see how much terrible acting you can handle. I can't handle very much."
,Not Recommended,236090,9286227,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,tsigo,"Before I say anything I should preface that this game is largely the work of one person, and as such it's more impressive than anything I've done or likely will do by myself. That said, it's not great. The combat's super shallow and repetitive, the art style and character design are ridiculous, the voice work is cloying, and the writing is way too self-serious with ill-conceived attempts at humor thrown in.Even at its sale price, I don't think it's worth the time."
76561198083363463,Not Recommended,236090,10259087,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Josh,"The controls are great, the art work is ........ its good but feels like its meant for a 2yr old. The story is just stupid, the progression through the game felt stale, the voice acting was out of synch majorly several times, the acting was really boring and bad, the inventory was 100 time harder than it needed to be.I give it a 65"
,Not Recommended,236090,11474968,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kairos,"ths is a great game for offline players, this game does not need internet to play and the hole story is spoken but gets boring as it goes on.not bad but for $15.00 not worth it."
76561197982317917,Not Recommended,236090,11161787,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,spiralyguy,"30 mins in, I just had to stop.  I wouldn't even say it's a bad game, but it sure did a good job of turning me off.  First of all, super cutesy.  Cute bunnies, cute deer, cute sidekick, way too much cute.  Second of all while the voice acting isn't bad, the characters are painful.  The main character is a trite anime ""perpetually bewildered"" type.  The furry sidekick is cute, high pitched, and sort of annoying cross between pikachu and the Zelda helper fairy.  The sword talks to you the way a father talks to his 5 year old daughter.  Almost every line had me cringing.Furry:  ""Hey you leveled up!""Main char:  ""Is that was that was, it felt great!""Me:  /facepalmMinor gripe but there is a mechanic that rewards you bonus XP for having large hit combos.  It felt like points in old arcade games except your characters power was tied to it.  I felt like that would have some bad implications down the line.But the real kicker was the chest.  Second screen in, locked chest.  5 screens later through a ton of trash, you find a key.  Then to go back to the chest you wade through those same 5 screens with respawned trash, open the chest to get a piece of fruit, then wade back through the same 5 screens full of respawned trash.  Yea.... no thanks.  At this point I turned it off."
,Not Recommended,236090,8457090,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,zeekstey,"15:34 - Mitchell: Hey, thank ya for Dust once again. It helps me. It helps my heart.15:35 - niqqa: So deep18:21 - niqqa: iunno, i got bored of Dust18:22 - niqqa: i past village, they gave me some fetch quests18:22 - niqqa: and i left18:22 - niqqa: kinda reminds of old prince of persia games though18:22 - niqqa: the way maps are designed18:22 - Mitchell: Normal cynic man."
,Not Recommended,236090,10950557,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Customs[649ers],This game is one butt in the head.(It wont start up)
,Not Recommended,236090,14400596,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Gizi o v o,"-game play was meh-charater diaglog where♥♥♥♥♥♥(didnt feel conneted to eny one, just snapy comment every where)-story was boring-maybe if your new to gaming it may be nice to play"
76561198038473562,Not Recommended,236090,10926892,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pajama Sam,Painfully bad voice acting.
,Not Recommended,236090,9370155,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Threskiornis moluccus,my fursona is actually a tropical kingbird
,Not Recommended,236090,13766535,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,iMooh ♪,Got bug on moonblood camp T^T
76561197990617535,Not Recommended,236090,10740643,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skelch14,"Simplistic, repetitive, and unimaginitive. Pretty art doesn't save this snoozer from the dust bin."
,Not Recommended,236090,11594807,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,The Creature from The Crypt,"i cannot reccommend this game because, while it has anthromorphic animals, none of them have sex. There was not a single nipple shown in this entire game. I kept waiting for a hot, fur-on-fur action scene, but all I got was dialouge with underlying themes of genocide, animal experimentation, and empathy. As you may be able to tell, none of these themes are great segways into a 5-man orgy sequence with sperm and ♥♥♥♥♥♥l fluids littering the ground. In this disaster you wake up as Dust, a young, fully clothed assassin who cannot remember his past, which (spoiler) is pretty tame and doesn't involve any super hot ♥♥♥♥ scenes. You are accompanied by a magic sword (actual sword, not a euphamism, sadly), and a small flying cat thing named fidget who retains her innocence throughout the entire game. YAWN. You learn of the horrors that are being committed by both sides during a war, and, I want to point out, none of these war crimes are♥♥♥♥♥♥related, which is a tragedy in itself. You fight through forests, battlefields, and villages, which are completely void of any sort of hot and freaky sexual interaction. While I had fun with the gameplay, the distressing lack of early 2000s newgrounds-era furry flash sex games was a huge disappointment, and I will have to return to writing my own Dust/x/Ginger fanfics to satisfy my lust for the in game characters, which was not satisfied during my hours of in game time. 3/10."
,Not Recommended,236090,10183539,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,family guy,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THISthe Dev of this game already wasted 40 thousand on this piece of trash so why should you.just my opinion my fellow fursi see whats going on here you guys just think its a good game because your furries and to be honest thats great its a furry game but just because it is what it is it doesnt mean it will compare to alot of games of its genre i mean it constantly points out how beutiful the scenery of the game is when its actually just some dialog the game creator added overall there is alot of things bad about the game. Don Bluth every heard of him?he made games that looked like this but they where awful and what you see goin on in dust is even worse this game is truely bin material.bad voice actingterribly writtenoveruse of game spritesoverpricedto short
,Not Recommended,236090,7961509,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Brendle,This game is not worth the 2.00$ I paid for it; if I'd have bought it for 14.99 I would be really mad. This game seems like it was made by a highschooler and I don't recommend anyone waste time NOR money on it when they could go tominiclip.comand play similar games for free. Frustrating. The combat is confusing with all the added visual effects. Button mashing is the only viable combat option as there are only two combos. Terrible please don't buy wish I could have my money back.
,Not Recommended,236090,10503422,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mike Easter,"If you like furries, fighting sequences with 3-4 overpowered combos, weird jumb mechanics, silly characters, mindnumbingly terrible dialogue, and a crafting/resource system that doesn't make any sense, then this game is for you. Also, the art style and colors are nice, so the game is equivalent to a very pretty and large pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I got it 75% off ($3.75 or something) and it was totally not worth it. Awful game."
76561197963682504,Not Recommended,236090,10927072,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DirtyHoeTel,"Language nazi, i hate the fact that my game is in french (and i cant change the language), i played 30sec and hated the game alot for that reason"
76561197976855236,Not Recommended,236090,11849744,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Geekos,"Took me 5 min. to realize how horrible this game is. ONLY if you are a hardcore anime fan, then this MIGHT be for you. Not for me by a tiny bit."
,Not Recommended,236090,15429346,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kotih,"Falsely advertised, ignores controller input. ""full controller support"" means any controller, not ""you have to buy the controller we programed the game for"", nor does it mean ""you have to download a thrid party program so the game will recognise your controller"" Unplayable, dont buy if you want to play on a controller and dont like xbox controllers."
,Not Recommended,236090,10222111,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,yung goof,Not very fun. A boring side scroller.
,Not Recommended,236090,8702531,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,wondroushippo,"My downvote isn't based on the quality of the game, per se - it's based solely on the high-pitched voice of the cutesy animal companion. My guess is that the developers can't hear frequencies that high? I'm just not sure why it had to exist.The graphics sure are purdy though."
76561198038652799,Not Recommended,236090,10932026,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fancy,I would say this game either needs better voicing or none at all.
,Not Recommended,236090,7970789,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,C4ptnCrunch,"I don't think I'd recommend this game.  It's a little corny the way the storyline progresses and I expected an eye stunningly beautiful game due to the ""gorgeous hand-painted world"" but it seemed like a bit of a let down as soon as i started playing. I also couldnt help but feel like this is just a game for furries. 0_o"
,Not Recommended,236090,7918973,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Xriah,"Let me start off by saying this: The game is goregous and plays smooth. It's lovely to look at and if that's enough for you, that's enough for you.It saddens me to dislike a 1-man blood, sweat, and tears effort like this, but I had way too many problems with this game to like it. My main problems were with the story, and unfortunately the story is thrust into your face so much that I couldn't ignore it enough to enjoy the game, even with the skip button.The game wastes no time throwing every cliche in the book at you. You wake up with amnesia. You have a cute, squeaky, (nauseating) companion. There's a talking sword driving the first objective. And, of course, there are monsters in the way. Not a great first impression.Which I could ignore if the writing and voice acting were good. As it is, the main character sounds like he's trying to squeeze one out with every line, and the little flying companion is...well...exactly as annoying as you'd expect. I don't fault the voice actors this time around though. The writing itself is horribly cliche in that way that puts voice actors in a no-win situation. You have to be really good to pull off bad dialogue.The final straw was the first boss fight. They introduce a parry mechanic right before the boss fight that is pretty vital. It's also clumbsy, using the attack button and holding it. Why couldn't we just have a parry button? It's not like the controls are overwhelming. But anyway, the boss fight. It's fine, aside from one move this boss does: The Stomp. For some reason, this move connects when the foot starts moving toward the ground, rather than when the stomp hits the ground, (you know, like every other game). Really really undermines the whole parry system.I didn't play farther than that, so for all I know, the game might get better further in. All I know is, I'm not gonna be finding out! Sorry Dean."
,Not Recommended,236090,7964188,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,JC Denton,"Beautiful game visually, but not a lot going on mechanics wise.  That isn't to say that it's bad, I think it's enjoyable enough if you like that genre, but it really doesn't step outside of ""hit X a lot"".The story makes me cringe, and I think they'd have been better served by going with something a little smaller and low-key.  The voice acting for your annoying fox companion thing is annoying, annoying, and annoying.  I don't plan to go much further in the game than the hour I've already completed, and the prospect of hearing more from her is a big reason why.It is beautiful, however.  Seeing it in 1080p on an IPS screen is an experience.  But unless it's on (a heavily discounted) sale, I'd recommend sticking to screenshots."
,Not Recommended,236090,8654578,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Squidgybuffalo,Dust and Elysian tale is definitely not my cup of tea. I can see what people like in it. The art style is great and the characters are varied as well as reasonably interesting.Sadly I found the gameplay monotonous and the voice acting peircing. Having given it another chance when it released on ps4 I am quite glad to say that while I can't personally recommend it I did finally find some of what people love in this title.Not for me but might be for you. ;)
,Not Recommended,236090,8408210,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,milkmannick#1215 overwatch lesgo,"if you aren't a furry, no"
,Not Recommended,236090,8439162,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,No. 6,"Unless you like to listen to tons of dialogue from a flying cat that's voiced by an 8 year old castrato with a speech impediment, stay away!"
,Not Recommended,236090,9234404,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,VHS,I think this game is meant for furries
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,236090,9272918,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,malcolmmackay224,"Horrible game. The combat, which is a very significant part of the game is boring, mindless button mashing. Voice acting is atrocious. Some people seem to like the game, so there must be something positive in it, but I couldn't find it."
,Not Recommended,236090,8077215,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Waiting in the Sky,"At first glance, you might think this game is pretty much for furries. Well, you'd be right. The animation is impressive, but the combat gets old fast, and that's pretty much all there is to it."
,Not Recommended,236090,11585030,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,A Wee Coo,"Rubbish unless you're under 10.  Tedious combat, tedious characters, tedius story."
,Not Recommended,236090,11292445,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Last Paladin,there is no yiff -10/10
,Not Recommended,236090,13441742,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Vercingetorix,only play if you're a furry
76561198121076265,Not Recommended,236090,35429034,Posted: 2 October,all,JustInvincible,"This game is good because:+ combat is nice and fluid+ the map is fairly big and has plenty of secrets+ good platforming/metroidvania style gameplay with RPG elements, backtracking, leveling, fetching+ OK story, if you can STAND the voice actingThis game would be better if:- I could murder NPCs (cute characters are funnier to butcher)- I could hunt the local wildlife (because I'd love to cut Bambi or Peter Rabbit in half with a sword)- I could press a button to slap Fidget everytime she says something stupid (every f***** line)- The enemies were more offensive to children over 5.- The game difficulty was notched up a bit??Conclusion.Great game for kids whose Mums still wipe their nose."
,Not Recommended,236090,7911060,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,42,not fun (its my opinion)
76561198007409592,Not Recommended,236090,12974439,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Why do people pay for this?
76561198023495548,Not Recommended,236090,8260748,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Godnarok,"While the format of the game, the mechanics and the quality of the art were all very nice, and it had potential to be fun, the game totally lost me as soon as the main character was shown to be a furry and the side-kick thing appeared.   Essentially the ""style"" choices absolutely disgusted me, to say the least.   And then just to make matters worse, the forced tutorial dialogue was irritatingly tedious, even when skipping it.  But above all the annoying sidekick thing was what really made me stop playing.If you are into cutsy disney stuff, then you might enjoy this game.  If you are mentally ill twit with a fetish for pretending he is a half animal thing, then you will probably love this game so much that you will get totally butthurt over a stranger saying he doesn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,236090,7911092,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,typhy,things this game is: not funthings this game is not: coolcant even j/o to it (i tried)0/10
,Recommended,236090,7896200,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zefar,"If you haven't bought it, buy it.Why? Combat is awesome and highly skill based.Stat system actually changes things around in the start.Beautiful graphics.Voice acting is just fine imo. I bought it because of a certain Youtuber who voiced a Webcomic character named Leo from VGCats.Story is interesting.If you want the game to be Difficulty you need to put it on the highest or second highest difficulty. Anything else makes it too easy.For this type of game it gets a 100/100 from me. It is just lovely."
,Not Recommended,236090,13631869,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,AetherRose,"It's a little too furry for my taste, and the story and character are autistic as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unfortunately, the only gimmick or new element this game brings to the table over other action platformers is that it panders to furries obnoxiously."
,Not Recommended,236090,7935928,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Flap,"I really like how smooth this game is....But did it have to be furry?Like this game would've been just fine with human characters.I like how fun and simple it is, but the design and voice acting is just god awful, plus you can't choose to make a side quest a main quest.Kind of annoying.At the risk of making a bunch of people mad on steam, and that's sad that there's that many of you. But this game loses SO much credibilty for being furry. And not just like regular stuff. Like, ecchi furry character art. Ridiculous. Within the first hour you meet a blacksmith named Hayley who wears nothing but overalls. Not only that, but sometimes Dust just sounds really...off. The subpar voice acting is so bad as it is but Dust sounding like he's trying to be cool only takes away from the immersion.tl;dr- Good story, great casual gameplay- Basic level up and crafting system, a litttle silly at times.- Lots of collectables- Too furry- Generic NPC archetypes- The only decent character is the sword- Too furry.7/10 Would be an 8 if it weren't the fur.Im gonna go ahead and not reccommend it, but it is alright."
,Not Recommended,236090,8257923,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Gorilla Party,kind of fury do not want
,Not Recommended,236090,8414198,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shinobait,it's like furries from deviantart copied muramasa: the demon blade
76561198135389949,Not Recommended,236090,26210410,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MasterThumbs,"Simple repetetive combat with wonky physics that occasionally add flair that you could never repeat on your own, extremely shallow characters(not to mention the fact that the voice acting is terrible), the story line feels rushed and hallow, and the final boss isnt difficult just annoying. stat placement doesnt matter, might as well play with auto level on. items and gear are what you will be focusing on and theres no such thing as a build in this. everything is exactly the same just higher or lower stats depending on when you get it. and at the end of it all, it still felt like it was made by a cringey closet furry junior high."
,Not Recommended,236090,10924625,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[LP] a dog tryn to catch da moon,furry garbage
,Not Recommended,236090,29422250,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,"Too comic-like graphics make this game a pretty boring experience for me.If it had more of a similar look to ""Ori and The Blind Forest"" or other games like that, I would enjoy it much more.The script, story, puzzles and such are very good but the graphics ruin it for me. Sorry..."
,Not Recommended,236090,12650959,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,selling trump steaks @ $99/steak,Too repetitive for me. I think most people buy it because furries.
76561198043388752,Not Recommended,236090,30251225,Posted: 28 February,all,William Luther Pierce,Corny dialogue basic combat unengaging story & characters. highly overrated imo don't bother
,Not Recommended,236090,7898153,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[BFC] Tenacious Lee,"I can't believe I see that it was a furry game before I bought it. Really makes you want to hang your head in shame while you play, trust me. It's not just becauase I'm not a furry, mind you, the gameplay is very very simplistic and even on the hardest difficulty level your attacks basically hit the entire screen at the same time while you are invulnerable. This game makes sure there is little to no skill involved on progressing through the game.I do have to give it to the designer though. From my understanding the dude who created this setting pretty much made the entire game by himself, which is no small feat. I mean, he has dedicated his life to furry art. If, on my death bed, I am forced to look back on my life to qualify/quantify what I added to the sum total of human existence and most of what Ihave done is draw sexualized pictures of humanoid animals, I'd probably pull my own plug. Just saying."
76561198099112686,Not Recommended,236090,31828875,Posted: 18 May,all,J-Me,"Why is this game so well rated? I get how some might find it cutsie, and others are here for the furries, but why?The combat get about as complicated as right clicking at certain times for certain circumstances for similar results.The voice acting and characters are about what I would expect from Hot Topic fans.The story is ambiguous at first and then simply uninspired.Boss battles were only glorified punching bags.The aethetics are oversaturated most of the time and felt detached from the foreground.Fidget would drive the farie from Zelda to suicide.Dust might as well be Kirito. Wait that might spice up the story.I get how animal characters were an old gaming culture motif, but it's old for a reason.I never got a new ability/item that actually changed how I played.The game isn't necessarily bad, and hell, these cons are just personal opinion.But I do believe the 'Very Positive' rating is misleading. By a lot."
76561198161586693,Not Recommended,236090,32060681,Posted: 30 May,all,Ithidis,Mostly furry trash with little direction. Subpar flash game at best.
76561198346108125,Not Recommended,236090,31759911,Posted: 14 May,all,choonghuh,Repetitive and cringey
76561197979261882,Not Recommended,236090,34957520,Posted: 14 September,all,Snuttfisen,"Oh my god what a boring game.Seriously not my cup of tea.""Well Snuttfisen ONE GUY created this jolly little game, and I mean LOOK at the GRAPHICS! ITS HAND DRAWN MAN!!!!!""Yeah, well so are some of the bathrooms that are covered in feces at my patients Dementia ward. Now I don´t find that impressive either!""we-we-well there´s a lot of things to do! The game has SIDE QUESTS!Well so does most games and I don´t find side quests funny just cuz they´re CALLED SIDE QUESTS!This game is a grindfest and a snor-a-palooza! I will not complete it. I refuse!""Bu-bu-but the game has interesting combos that you can pull off and...""YEAH? So does Bayonetta! Did I like that game cuz of that? NO! I liked it because it had a hot BABE that used her HAIR AS CLOTHING!!!!!Or did I like that game? No I didn´t! Not even a HOT CHIC that uses her hair as clothing and a whip could save that game for me! So NO! I am not fascinated by combos and such, give me an interesting story or something else AND I will give a darn. Not some random stock-ANTROPOMORPHIC-Deviant-art-looking characters that talk endlessly about boring things!!!""WAAAAAH!!!""Yeah, go home and cry ya big baby. And take your stupid big-jugged-tails-wannabe-naked-fairy-thing with you!!!"
76561198017274073,Recommended,236090,7830676,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,sbmmaster,"Very rarely does a one-man game turn out so well. Correction: NEVER has a one-man game turned out so well. Aside from some voice acting and music, and a little bit of the story, this game is the work of one man. There are a couple downsides to this, but only a couple. The game as a whole is a masterpiece built on the work of others—failing to do much that's unique, but everything it does, it does well.The first thing to notice about this game is the graphics. This is two-dimensional graphics at its finest. If I didn't know better, I'd say this game uses vectors instead of pixels. There is not a single pixel to be found anywhere in the game. Given that most indie games don't even try for beautiful graphics and instead content themselves with ""retro"" 8-bit graphics, this is a marvel. Graphically, I imagine this game will stand the test of time, which is something this author believes no game prior to the Xbox 360/PS3 will accomplish, and very few since. Light shines through forests and deer run along beside you, heat ripples of volcanic rock, and animations make it easy to keep track of the action, no matter how busy the screen becomes. The hand-drawn levels and characters only serve to accentuate the powerful story it tells.The story itself is wonderful from beginning to end, although the end does become a little confusing with terms like Sen-Mithrarin being used, though I won't spoil what that with a definition or description of how esoteric the story becomes. Although fantastical, the story does not bother with traditional happy-ever-after endings for its quests, which is a welcome change given most stories which take place in such a vibrant and colorful world have Disney endings. Oh yes, and Fidget, your guide through much of the world is hilarious. ""No! Mash the buttons!""Which brings me to gameplay. At its core, the game is quite similar to Street Fighter with its combos. And contrary to what you are told by the in-game tutorial, button mashing is not a crime in this game, at least on the easy difficulty level. The list of combos is quite short... too short, but every combo in the game is useful, even critical in some parts of the game. Fidget serves as an additional source of combos, but at least in combat her contributions are much more optional, usually acting as devastating kill-all moves that must be built up to. The controls are responsive and it feels good to cut your way through masses of enemies while still requiring you to adapt your fighting style to the enemies you're facingThe game incorporates many RPG elements. Better armor and additions to your blade can be created from materials acquired from enemies, better healing items are found our purchased as your buying power increases from beating tougher enemies, and occasionally your level goes up, allowing you to increase one of several stats. But despite the inclusion of these gameplay elements it all feels very shallow. It's not bad at all, and I believe it's impossible to beat the game without it, but it feels rather meaningless since none of that unlocks anything other than increases in damage dealt or decreases in damage received.Overall, Dust: An Elysian Tale is a wonderful romp that everyone remotely interested in fighting games should play through at least once. Here's hoping for a sequel!"
,Recommended,236090,122494,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Owlet,"My goodness, what a great game. Finest example of the action platformer genre. It gets everything right. Incredible quality for a XBLA port as well. Keyboard and mouse controls are entirely viable, though it's slightly more fun on a controller due to the genre. Great exploration possibilities, wonderful characters and story, the most responsive and solid combat system in any game like thisMy personal GOTY. I'm not exaggerating."
76561198029857497,Recommended,236090,3963235,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Mithfir,"I'm really not a fan of furries, but this game is quite good. Very similar to Odin Sphere and Muramasa. It's nice to play a solid game for once. A"
76561198067232902,Recommended,236090,7644189,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,gallanigher,I just didn't want this game to end...
76561198006615255,Recommended,236090,7838467,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fidasaind,"I grew up playing action adventure (Zelda) or platform games (Mario) but that does not mean that I am a fan now. My tastes now are usually either story driven RPGs, dTCGs, or ARPGs. That said this is an action/adventure and platforming game that I found myself playing plenty for a stretch. I WILL finish it (something I have rarely done with a game the past couple years) and think that even if the furries and graphics are a turn off that you may want to give this game a try."
,Recommended,236090,649434,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Kame,"Friend persuade me to buy this game and I'm not regreading any second of it.  Very beautiful, hand made graphics, gameplay is simple but takes time to master. You should at least check it out, because ONE guy made this game.I admire him I'm waiting for more games from him."
,Recommended,236090,2214791,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Winter Flare (TWP),"This game is by far one of the best games I've ever played compared to its tiny pricetag. The Story is OK, but the gameplay is fantastic. You have to go to the hardest mode for the game to be a challenge, but the combat is incredibly fluid. Every command you make transfers correctly when you play this game, and you don't get any ""sticky"" or ""slow"" attack time responces that you'd normally get from something similar.The games animation, coding, and artwork was all done by a single person, and that alone gives me a reason to respect this game. The fact that the game is so well done to add on top of that, makes this one of my all-time favorite games. It definitly has replay value, but it's one of those games that you should try to play in sessions, I ended up beating it after 16 full hours of gameplay, and I never felt like it was a grind to level up in it at all.Overall, I'd give this game a 9/10. The only part that I didn't like was the somewhat generic nature of the storyline, but the character development, gameplay, and general all-around feel of the game was fantastic. Its very well polished, and I didn't encounter a single bug while playing.Again, 9/10"
76561198019513329,Recommended,236090,3248982,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,WTFPsychoPewPew,Nice game! You can grab it without doubts.
,Recommended,236090,13867,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Dramavian,Get it. Get it now. Amigawd you guys. The music and the combat and the smash all the buttons. All of them. Do it. Is it in your steam library? No? Then the buy button will cure you of your lackofgameitis. Click it. Click it now!
,Recommended,236090,1986461,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Fairly Masculine,"This game was made by one man, but it certainly doesn't feel like a one-man project.  Dust: An Elysian Tail is a Metroidvania platformer following amnesiac and recent sword-acquirer Dust.  The combat makes the game feel like a brawler, with two attack types and a projectile button, and the controls are tight enough to make battles feel exciting.  The game is loaded with charm, from the hand drawn visuals to the universal voice acting to the hidden characters borrowed from other games.  Dust comes highly recommended for being a great example of cross-genre gameplay that you can tell that someone poured their soul into to make.Also Fidget is adorable. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,762196,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,EpochAWOL,"Really enjoyed this game, although I'd recommend to just start on Tough. Normal gets easy pretty quickly. The gameplay is fast and enjoyable with a combo system that favors keeping the enemies pinned in combos instead of playing defensively. The levels once I got further in were pretty big and required a decent amount of exploring and decent reflexes to solve some of the puzzles. I really like the big colorful sprite art style and everything is fully voiced incredibly well.  Also, the game has a quirky sense of humor, but knows when to turn it off, and I appreciate that about it. It made me giggle when it made fun of SotN right off the bat, when destroying walls drop ""Mysterious Wall Chicken"" that you can use to get health."
,Recommended,236090,3948435,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Ronnie,"It's always a treat when XBLA games come to PC and Dust: An Elysian Tail is no exception. Multi-award winning for independent games Dust has earned its high praise with its hand drawn style, frantic battles, fun RPG elements, metroidvania exploration and compelling story. The PC version is one of the best ports I have seen from another console with detailed options and settings for any high profile PC gamer. Do not be put off by the anthromorphic characters this game is for all the family and not be disregarded: ashes to ashes, dust to dust."
76561198038639818,Recommended,236090,4533000,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Gen the Skunk,"If you haven't played of Muramasa: The Demon Blade then this is easily the next best thing, as the two are very similar (I find this a positive thing). The backgrounds are breathtaking to look at, and the combat is just as fluid-- if not more so, than Muramasa's. Furthermore, repeating rooms are non-existant, which was a big problem I had with Muramasa, which makes Dust all the more impressive.And although the main character's are likeable, I find the game's shortcomings lie within it's story and rather drawn-out dialogue, which I found ultimately distracting and executed fairly poorly. I also find the game's character design a bit uncanny in appearance (has nothing to do with them being fuzzy or whatever).Nevertheless, it's an excellent game and I'll be happy to spend many more hours playing as a freakin' sword twister."
,Recommended,236090,3402662,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Febel,"A perfectly serviceable sidescroller. It is a metroidvania game to some extent. The story starts out alright but rapidly becomes so trite that I found myself doing something I almost never do: actually flat out skipping every cutscene I encountered. The combat is fairly fun but becomes repetitive, especially when it comes to the backtracking for upgrades and chests. Speaking of backtracking, if you're a perfectionist like me you'll grow to hate the fact that there's no run button very,very, quickly. The main character's slow movement speed is fine in combat but when heading back through a level filled with enemies that you now outclass immensely his slow saunter is incredibly irritating with no way to speed it up other than spaced out quick dodges.  All in all, the game's a good way to kill 7-8 hours but I highly doubt you'll remember much of it or be clambering to replay it. If it's on sale for 50% off or more then I'd say pick it up but otherwise don't bother. 6 out of 10.Also, every character is some variety of furry. If that alone is enough to drive you mad you should probably skip this game."
,Recommended,236090,646505,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,CnEY?!,"This 2D action-RPG has great artwork, an excellent musical score, outstanding voice-acting, and sometimes hilarious dialogue.  Fidget is my hero(ine).In terms of gameplay, I came into this expecting the closest thing to Muramasa I could find on PC, but it's actually even more of a Metroidvania type game than that, which was a pleasant surprise (closer to Castlevania than Metroid, given the melee combat and RPG elements).  Definitely has solid exploration elements too, with backtracking involved if you want to find 100% of the keys/chests.  The mechanics can seem a *little* dodgy at times, but nothing significantly frustrating."
76561198026857783,Recommended,236090,3742150,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Prince Ali,If you like Castlevania type games then you will easily enjoy this amazing game.
,Recommended,236090,7749226,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dustpuppy2505,"This game was a pleasant surpise. It was a lot of fun, well animated, voiced, etc. If you're looking for a platformer that isn't going to bore you to tears, this one is one to consider. All and all the only complaint that I had about the game was that it feels a little short in retrospect. That being said, you most definitely get your money's worth in terms of the overall entertainment value."
,Recommended,236090,1658645,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Keio (Kieran),"Amazing artwork, Good story, Amazing controls and flow, Good gameplay, Good voice acting, and damn cute characters ... This is an amazing game, had great fun playing it, and the 'sidekick' is rather amusing and breaks the 4th wall now and then to comic amusement :) ... oh! and there are a few plot twists too that you don't see coming!All in all, an amazing game, one of the most enjoyable and most connecting games I have played in a loooong time.Buy it. Now. :P"
,Recommended,236090,7404820,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,TeriLK,A nice short & sweet story with cute & snarky back-and-forth (especially Fidget). Some of the challenges are jussst enough to keep you coming back for that 4th star.  Get it while it's on sale  :)
,Recommended,236090,6258101,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Anusbyte,This game is really fun!It's an action adventure sidescroller with beautiful looks and satisfying combat.I found myself playing this game everyday until I had 100% it.
,Recommended,236090,2850617,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is more than just a game. Its a story. There are people raging saying that this game caters to the furry community, and that is true. There is nothing to worry about though, its just an art style wether you like it or not.  This game was extremely well designed and will keep you coming back. I'm hoping for a sequel really badly. As with lots of games, I highly recomend playing this with a 360 controller."
,Recommended,236090,6259671,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Silent-G,"Don't let the anthropamorphized animals put you off, this game is a lot of fun. Smooth combat and platforming, crafting, puzzles, ability unlocks, loot, quests, another great Metroid-vania type game."
,Recommended,236090,1489505,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,DYSIOD☰,"An enganging, perfectly paced Metroidvania title. The story is well written, the combat is fluid and generally makes you feel like a badass, and all the secrets are very satisfying to find and reach."
76561198004359682,Recommended,236090,2228616,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,DeathBlizzard,"SUPER', Fun , Epic  20/20"
76561197970410924,Recommended,236090,407362,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,VastGirth,Awesome
,Recommended,236090,3348789,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Fleet Adm. Salacnar,Great Anime Style 2D Hack and Slash Side Scroling game with a great story and lots of combo possiblitys
,Recommended,236090,4725749,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,SilvertaildFox,"Great art, music & gameplay, contains large amounts of anthropomorph animals. My inner furry is pleased :3"
76561198014234370,Recommended,236090,2896044,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Polius,"A fantastic Metroidvania-style RPG made even better with fun voice acting and smooth visuals. If any of that catches your attention, then I can gaurentee that you will enjoy this game."
76561198091984676,Recommended,236090,7410129,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Jhonatan,Divertido com bom grafico :3
,Recommended,236090,4679732,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Conscious Matter,"This game is incredible. Sat down and played it four hours straight, the first time I played it. It's VERY hard to stop playing."
76561198051287588,Recommended,236090,5523449,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,[TA] Hunter,Simply an awesome game. There are no mere words to describe it.
,Recommended,236090,10275831,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Star Guardian Lulu,"""Of all the hundreds of games that I've played on all the different consoles and this computer, not a single one has ever left me speechless... this one however... this one did.""It is no overstatement when I say that there is nothing wrong with this game. It has amazing visuals, astonishing-ly fluid and truly entertaining combat, with a story filled with all sorts of interesting characters accompanied by excellent voice acting and lets not to forget about the balanced progression and....I could go on, but for the sake of keeping this short I'll just say this:I've only rated two games 10/10. This is one of them.GET. THIS. GAME."
76561198006512046,Recommended,236090,10411704,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,thanso,"I frikkin love it; this game lets you play as a mysterious swordsman called Dust as he embarks on a quest to regain his memory. You might think this sounds a bit cliché but personally I was interested when I heard mysterious swordsman (my weakness) and sold once I saw its art style; this game is really gorgeous and detailed.The art style isn’t the only thing this game has going for it however, the retro 2-D gameplay is tons of fun, if somewhat easy. If you’re looking for a casual but beautiful game that does its best to incorporate some RPG elements, you should definitely check it out."
,Recommended,236090,10415873,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,findley64,Good side-scrolling rpg with interesting characters and story.
,Recommended,236090,10416729,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,H2SJaeger,"Made by one guy (minus other voice actors) Dust: An Elysian Tail is a side scrolling, platforming, hack-and-slash, with a small leveling system. A really good story, great controls (controller recommended but not necessary), fun gameplay, good voice acting, and very smooth, stylized visuals. Not AAA quality, but definitely more enjoyable than some."
76561198014824937,Recommended,236090,10417832,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,The Rower,This game. Reminds me what a game should be. It was beautifully done. A must have. 10/10
76561198071406021,Recommended,236090,10406229,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,wa7sh killer,:D
76561198042421159,Recommended,236090,4845340,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,zed,Best Game I've played in a LONG time.
,Recommended,236090,10387674,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Hypnotio,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an action-RPG that really gets it right.RPG mechanics are strong and very well balanced. You gain abilities as you progress through the game. Combat difficulty stays leveled right along with you. Simple crafting and shops make item upgrades a cinch. If hack-and-slash games are your thing, you're in for a treat. This is a side-scrolling hack-and-slash with lots of delicious combo action.The art style of the game is incredible as well. Everything oozes with lovely hand-drawn charm, and the animations are smooth. Music is decent, but not stellar, and matches the mood when it needs to.Characters are lovable, even the enemies. Every character is fully voiced and animated, but text is provided if you'd rather skip past long dialogue sequences. Cutscenes have a certain charm to them as well.Story was a good length, too. Not too long and drawn-out, not too short. Playing through and collecting everything felt like the right amount of time, and I was never bored.Quick disclaimer: Every character is some sort of animal-human hybrid (read: furry). Might bother some people.TL;DR: Buy it if you like hack-n-slash RPG's with a great storyline.9/10"
,Recommended,236090,3334785,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,GOOK NUKEM,THIS FUKN GAM MAN HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥MAN FURy DUDE GOES SWROD AND CUTRS THE BAD gUyS BUT THEN LE WAS TSWIST AT THE MIDLE THEN STORY GOES  COOL MODE AND TUENS INTO ANIME
76561198111641718,Recommended,236090,10291136,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Shamudawhale,Greatest game that I have played that actually pays atentiln to details!!! I am very impressed!
76561197983415785,Recommended,236090,10291200,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bubbathedog,"Cool sidescrolling beat-em-up. While the art is a little amatuer, the game itself is very fun and the music is great."
,Recommended,236090,976178,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,ThanatosSoul,nice game only 20h gameplay but good 20h :3
,Recommended,236090,10359667,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,MalvmMalvm,"It's surprisingly not bad. I thought it'd be a fun waste of a few hours and cents, but I like it. It has a fighting system which can suprise you with powerful synergies and strategies, as well as items, such as the ugly pendant that make the game have different flavors. It's a fun mess with an acceptable story and characters."
76561198041830644,Recommended,236090,10363618,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Manny Bothans,"This game had me hooked from start to finish. The art, music, characters and story are all beautiful, the gameplay is fast paced and engaging.This is one of the best games I've bought on Steam, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,1511456,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Beanking,This game is really good if you like 2d side scrolling rpg's.  I thought this was a lot of fun and just well made.  Not sure who produced it but well done to them.
,Recommended,236090,1150343,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Yldyn,"Even those who are not fans of the genre and gameplay associated with Dust should still be able to appreciate the epic story-telling enhanced by the beautiful graphics and high quality soundtrack. At the end of the day, Dust comes across as a beautifully-written love letter to indie gaming."
,Recommended,236090,5266497,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,ＲｅＲ〥ｕ,"An extremely well done piece of work that took 3.5 years for the developer to perfect. Graphics, gameplay, plot. It has it all."
,Recommended,236090,10233713,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,youare29,"The best $3.74 I ever spent, and quite possibly the best $3.74 I will ever spend.The story is truly one of the few I like a lot, I would rank the story up there with ""lord of the rings"" and ""harry potter"", though the story may not be any where near as long as those, it is still really will written.Only down side I have seen is that it costs money.P.S. Notice that some times you can't use a shop or talk to people untill you run around a little bit, other then this it's a very good game."
,Recommended,236090,10296500,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Pimpi HEY I'M BACK!,Amazingly done game. It performs in most low-end PC's and the soundtrack is amazing.The artwork and animations is gorgeous.Many places to visit yet still you should complete challenges and sidequests.I just can say that the OST is one of my favorite features of Dust: An Elysian Tail.RPG and 2D lovers should try this up at least once in the life.
76561198027447610,Recommended,236090,10297276,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dakayaerus,Awesome game. Amazing graphics and soundtrack. Awesome story as well. Hope there is more to come.
,Recommended,236090,1700675,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,bossgoji,"Staggeringly gorgeous, expertly made, and surprisingly moving despite what one might expect. Solid gold, and well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,236090,10300861,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nexticus,"Really good game! Great story, great characters, graphics are good too. I got this when it's on sale and it's soo worth. Even if it's not on sale, you should get it. Lel I hope there's a sequel for this."
,Recommended,236090,10245577,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Luxwing,I played this game for ten minutes and became a furry 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,236090,4243402,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Actually Dustrat,"It's a cute, fun, and charming game with roughly 7-12 hours of gameplay depending on how much side stuff you want to do, but I swear this game was so cheesy that it's a Sargento cheese ad."
,Recommended,236090,10303806,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,crash 2107,"I bought this game out of sheer curiosity. I didn't know what to expect, all I knew is that it was an RPG. I was blown away by the beautiful maps and character design!The story is amazing, the voice acting is great, combat is brilliant, most characters are cute! I honestly can't say more than that. I love this game and would definitely recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198054177000,Recommended,236090,10304113,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Flox,"An absolutely amazing sidescroller fighting game with good art, gripping story and loveable characters."
,Recommended,236090,10304721,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Amelco,Simple but good RPG. Beautiful graphics and interesting story.
76561197971761334,Recommended,236090,10306164,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Adonik,"This was a great indie title.  I liked pretty much every aspect of it, especially the ending.  Not enough games these days seem to have fulfilling endings for me.  Enjoyable characters, story, music, environments...it's all here.  I can tell that some time was spent to poilish this game up and I can appreciate that.Like most action games on the PC though, I recommend using a controller as the action gets pretty wild."
,Recommended,236090,19275807,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,11buddy24 trade.tf,This game is so amazing I fell in love with it in the first two minutes. It is a must have.
,Recommended,236090,19227667,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,hellomiakoda,"This game is amazing! If you like anime, this game feels like participating in an anime. It's absolutely beautiful, it draws you in to the story, and the game play is difficult enough to be a challenge without being so hard that it's not fun anymore. This is the first game I've ever played where the story brought tears to my eyes. Fidget is the best character by far, the comic relief and faithful sidekick. I love this game!!!My only complaint is that it is short.I also recommend a controller. This game does not play well on a keyboard and mouse, in my opinion.Hey, Developers! MAKE MORE!!! I WANT MORE OF THESE!!!..and I will tell my friends. The rich ones!"
76561198079120963,Recommended,236090,19261384,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Zoreon,"Dust, Such a good game, there are SO many things to love about this game to the point were it oozes charm, Do you smell that? Yea, charm but there were a few things I didnt like *cough* Fidget's voice *cough* But mostly awesomeI loved smashing the combo meter-Zoreon"
,Recommended,236090,7127850,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Sofu,Great story line.
,Recommended,236090,1219295,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,KarmaTheAlligator,"For anyone who likes platformers with some button mashy goodness (button mashing kind of optional) and some challenges, this game is highly recommended. The art style is nice, the animations and the world look great, there are different difficulty modes for the ones who like to suffer in their games, and the voice acting is actually very good."
,Recommended,236090,19247889,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Tamota,"Fruit-pickin fun!I haven't finished an arcade game in years, but this one was a perfect level of gameplay and story to keep me having fun the whole way! Really pleasantly suprised.Thanks Dean!"
76561198053684621,Recommended,236090,19243449,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,alterpha,"Overall it's a good game. I like the atmosphere the best with wind and snow effects beingVery believable. The story is decent, voice acting is as well. Good controls, easy to learn,Some good puzzles, effects, etc.What I don't really like is the cutest anime art style (not a fan) and also the game getsVery repetitive. The only reason I am going to play through is to see the end of theStory. I don't believe that I will replay this game though, and that is one thing that I personallyLook for in games. But, its not terrible, I have definitely played worse."
76561198092588704,Recommended,236090,19464690,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ethan Bradberry,"Good music, voice acting and a story line that just hook you in."
76561198022614441,Recommended,236090,19561839,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bambino Bellissimo,A re-occurring furry nightmare that I can now relive as many times as I want
,Recommended,236090,19559909,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Oz,"Short 'n' Sweet Review:Gameplay:  Smooth responsive controls, though it did take me a while to find the ranged weapon select.Graphics:  It's like playing a very well drawn cartoon.Sound:  On par,  soundtrack fit the entire game... nothing jarring, but nothing overtly spectacular either.Overall:  It's a good one to have in your library."
,Recommended,236090,16869838,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gang Orca,Great action adventure platformer with a very interesting story.
76561198153620854,Recommended,236090,19200383,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bloodnafski,"To let people know I almost never play hack and slash games.  Having sait that Dust: An Elysian Tail was amazing.  I got it on sale for $3 and spent my next two days playing it.  The storyline was actually really good and the characters and voice acting was even better.  The combat could be seen as a rinse and repeat but I used different strategies facing different opponents.  There are a lot of different moves you could do depending on your situation. The game is somewhat customizable.  When you level up you can upgrade defense, health, your partner (magic), and attack.  You also find various enchantments to add to your gear which you can do by collecting the needed materials and visiting (or communicating) with the blacksmith. This game did a really good job of making it worthwhile to wander off the main story line with side quests and things you can find.  If you save creatures they give you permanent bonuses to stats making it a lot of fun to wander about.  I would have payed the full amount but this game is on sale a lot so get it on sale its a great game!"
,Recommended,236090,6177546,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,SneakySnakeShake,"An absolutely extraordinary game, must play! Amazing story, amazing gameplay mechanics, character personalities are perfectly written, some moments that'll make you laugh, and some that will make you nearly cry. Amazing."
,Recommended,236090,19194333,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Jorbun,"This game has a lot of glaring flaws, but it more than makes up for them. Beautiful art style, in fact I think the in-engine visuals look better than the animated cutscenes. Combat system is satifying, but unbalanced in the player's favour once you learn how to abuse Dust Storm.Writing is okay...ish. You can tell it was rushed towards the end. Story is great, but the writing lets it down. The ending left me with mixed feelings of looking forward to a sequel while also cringing at the poorly written end scene.Honestly the thing that I dislike the most about this game is that it will be ages before we see a sequel, if at all. 7.5/10."
76561198165778106,Recommended,236090,19194441,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kangtaw,This game has a good story and superb graphic. It's very addicting. I couldn't stop playing until I finished the game. I recommend this.
,Recommended,236090,19278197,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Thales Vinicius,MUSTMAKESEQUEL
,Recommended,236090,19290867,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Savio,Amazing platformer with beautiful graphics and an intriguing story! A must-have in your steam library!
76561197960746384,Recommended,236090,51107,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Notoes,"Great game and story, if you love the hack and slash and enjoy some pretty art in a game, this is pretty fun for how cheap. Finished in about 9+ hours without all the side quests."
76561198044284536,Recommended,236090,19301896,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ReyMortadela,play it!
76561198055341284,Recommended,236090,19326491,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shyguy,"Dust: An Elysian Tail was an amazing game to play, the story line is really interesting but also sad, I'd recommend players with an interest towards adventure and action, take a look at this fascinating game."
76561197967008230,Recommended,236090,8375447,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EXile1A,Amazing indie beat'm up. A lot of fun and easlily 4 to 5 hours worth of game for very little.
76561198042055570,Recommended,236090,8375610,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CL | Chif,"Beautiful game. It amazes me how well it is designed. Everything is hand-drawn, movement and controls are flawless, the music fits just right. Beating up enemies with one button is impossible, so you have to mix things up, making for a much more fun gameplay. Story is pretty interesting (I won't spoil, you'll just have to trust me) and the way the world is made really draws you into it. The only thing that this game could improve is a little bit on the voice acting, but aside from that, a GREAT indie game.Would buy again at full price/10"
,Recommended,236090,8375813,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TandemPanda,Really fun hack and slash game. Like the voice acting as well.. recommend
,Recommended,236090,6940388,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Inkaflare,"The best Indie game I've played yet, with a really awesome storyline, great-looking anime-like graphics, dramatic soundtrack and action-filled gameplay. Tons of collectibles enhance the playtime, which is a bit short (the only real con of this game)"
76561197994273738,Recommended,236090,8376075,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Darkfire,"Very beautiful graphics, very fun to play.Nice story but a little bit short. I think ~40h playtime to complete.I really enjoyed this game. :) 9.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,8376142,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"I'm not a big fan of the occasionally sexualized ""furry"" element of the character designs.  Also, the little fox-sprite that follows you around can get a bit grating.That said, the gameplay is engaging and the environment art is quite lovely (it's worth noting this game needs a gamepad, it would be unplayable on a keyboard).  From the video and screenshots, it clearly channels ""Odin Sphere"" and ""Muramasa: Demon Blade"", which is what got me to pick it up.  The combat mechanics are simple, but fluid and flexible.  Once you've got the hange of the controls, it's fairly easy to string long combos together.  But new enemy groupings and environmental hazards are regularly introduced, which keeps things fresh.The story is pretty poor and there are some pacing issues where you get bogged down in long expositionary dialogue sequences.  There is also a wild inconsistency in the quality of the character art during those dialogue sequences.  But the game is still a fun distraction that will engage you for a few hours."
,Recommended,236090,1073247,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Ebithril,"BUY IT!!No buts, no nothnig!Just buy it!A peice of art, and this was made soely by one man, apart from music and voice actors.One  guy wrote the codes, one man designed the world, the charachters, the scrip!Are you still reading?STOP - AND GO BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,236090,8376982,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,insertaghere,Top Lel. Too much visual awesome and gameplay.Oh btw i played it on Xbox arcade first. That is why u have such little time on it here.
76561198014589920,Recommended,236090,8377178,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LemonCurry?,"furry game, but fun."
,Recommended,236090,8377261,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,thekokirikid27,abit furry but i loved the gameplay
76561198084181497,Recommended,236090,7052704,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Lill Lizzert,Beatiful game!
,Recommended,236090,8377473,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vladmir,"An incredible experience. Even with controls being a bit hard to get into, this is one game you don't want to pass up on. Not to mention the humour is something special :)"
,Recommended,236090,8377685,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TKTOWA,"This game is actually pretty incredible. I payed about 3.75 for Dust: An Elysian Tale when it was on sale a while ago and by the end was feeling guilty for skimping out. If you have a PC controller, and like good things, then you owe yourself the pleasure of trying this out. Will be doing a more thorough video review in the future."
76561198041593115,Recommended,236090,8377687,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Touma_chan,Such a nice game... This is such games i missed from my childhood.
,Recommended,236090,8378553,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Carnage,"Excellent game really well made in all aspects since it's art and story, until it's physics and playability, I really advise the purchase"
76561198004586737,Recommended,236090,8379042,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ruru,Great Game with Fun Combat. Very Fluid but if you aren't good at fast paced games this one isnt for You.
76561198041057648,Recommended,236090,7565110,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Eakin,"A decent game. Not great. Totally by the numbers. I can think of worse ways to spend the 15-ish hours I spent on this, but a lot of better ways too. Probably not worth your time."
76561197994879940,Recommended,236090,1569221,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,*Eyes,"Ok, I will try to be calm there.As a fan of  beat-em ups, 2D platformers and metroid-like exploration games I was really excited to see all these elements combined into a single experience known as Dust: An Elysian Tail. The story, as a whole cliché idea of memory-less protagonists, really stands off to tell a player beautiful tale, alongside with gorgeous 2d paralax graphics and amazing fantasy soundtrack by HyperDuckMusic. All these elements combined into this instant-classic game will absorb the player completely into their beautiful world of colorful fantasy."
76561198063065396,Recommended,236090,8379238,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nowhere,"Very well-made story and great characters. Major props to the writers. Animation style is simple but pleasent. I wholeheartedly suggest this game for anyone who enjoys side-scrollers and good stories.While a great game it isn't perfect, the gameplay gets a bit repetitive, maxing magic and Storm can make the parrying and dodge mechanics completely obsolete. The game is also optimized for a game controller but the keyboard is still very smooth. There are very very few combos, so rewarding skill has it's limits.With those said it's still a wonderfully made game with a heavy focus on great characters and plot, so it can really drive itself on it's ability to immerse you in the world's plight and make you very satisified when you get to the conclusion. If you've ever closed a book with a smile and sigh you have to play this game."
,Recommended,236090,2847642,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,RedHat,"You'd be missing out not buying this 1-man wonder (Yes, it's been programmed and animated by a single person, everything minus the soundtrack). It's a fantastic 2D Brawler with some RPG elements thrown in.  The story and voice acting is great, the combat is probably one of the best around the genre and the music is... again, amonst the best. This little gem is going high up in my list of ""best games of all time"" right next to SuperGiant's Bastion. You're missing out not buying it."
76561198002524639,Recommended,236090,8557298,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,|BoM| Raven1231,Fun game! worth it if u catch it on sale
76561198042859938,Recommended,236090,8557478,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,This game has a good heart and bad voice acting
,Recommended,236090,8558429,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MalcontenttLIVE,"This is a fantastic nod to old school sidescrolling beat em ups, yet very modern in mechanics. The story is fun and enjoyable, the voice acting is good, and the graphics are amazing. It's like playing a Saturday Morning cartoon. Also? Fidget is adorable and hilarious."
76561198085272787,Recommended,236090,8561169,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DrownedSquirrel,"SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMAZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!not exaggerating, this stuff is really good. one of the best RPG i've played in my life XDreally hoping to hear of a second part to this game"
,Recommended,236090,8562835,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wolfie Cupcake,"From this game originaly being on the console it was made with what I say is a good PC port you might say diffrent, But I don't care this is a good game and is not the easiest game either."
,Recommended,236090,8563159,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Anaha,Beau et fun. A ne pas raté)
76561198015138729,Recommended,236090,8563493,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wilbert,"I love this game. Story is extremely good and characters are fantastically made and their personalities are funny. I enjoyed playing this. At first glimpse this may look easy and fast but in time it gets harder even at normal difficulty may cause problems (note: spikes, lava). Really recommended game for those who like single player RPG adventure games. And do NOT let Fidget stole your cupcakes never. Have a fun and try not to die. :3"
,Recommended,236090,6839128,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Zelus,Very good game with an interesting story... And Fidget is so cute... :D
,Recommended,236090,1715744,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"A brilliant Metroidvania adventure title with fantastic visuals and a great story.  If you don't like this game, you have no soul and God hates you."
76561198038796867,Recommended,236090,8564699,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,jerex34,great game for the price graphics are nice colors are vibrant surprisingly deep game thumbs up!
,Recommended,236090,8564539,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,akaruikage,"I can easily recommend this game. It's got an interesting world full of things to do. I didn't find the normal setting to be very difficult, so if you're looking for a challenge I recommend the ""tough"" mode. The combat is simple enough for beginners, but versatile enough to do many interesting things that can lead to some very satisfying combos. If you like Hack n' Slash or Metroidvania type games, then you will love this."
,Recommended,236090,5292983,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Fritzywhip,"Great Game, sweet story line to go through. Definetly a good pickup."
76561198109630357,Recommended,236090,8566194,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Agentneb,"Interesting story, fun combat, and nice graphics. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198058569354,Recommended,236090,6078315,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,sarjantbob,"I wish i played this game sooner. I saw Yogscast go over it and thought 'eh'. TB's review does it justice, great job, great game, and absurdly low price for the quality of the game."
76561198064743638,Recommended,236090,8567237,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kim Jong,"This game is a must have for anyones library who is into romantic relationships with anthropomorphic creatures.Also those who love long annoying anime scenes with stupid anime dialoge with typical western anime drawings.Nonetheless, the combat gets intense on hardcore settings, but for those scrubs out there, thers a casul setting cause""wut r u casul?""  - The Giant Dad"
76561198091503795,Recommended,236090,8567348,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Otk-sama,"Yep, ..."
76561198084436270,Recommended,236090,8568678,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,XChaosPrimeX,The environment is awesome and gameplay is entertaining. Great game!
,Recommended,236090,7404304,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,cSc,I have played this game for less than an hour I think but i'm already satisfied with the purchase. Would highly recommend this game for those who are fans of RPG's and want something worth the price tag to play.
76561198042093644,Recommended,236090,8548865,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,lordofthegas,Excellent game with a very enjoyable and simple combat system with lots of other features that keep the game interesting albeit a little bit short in terms of length of gameplay time.
,Recommended,236090,8549004,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,numenori-pwi,"That was so fun and interesting! It looks like this game will be ""Castlevania 2"" for the new generation."
,Recommended,236090,10756980,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Baha-Gna-Gna,"A must, great game"
,Recommended,236090,5037486,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,nimblebanana,"If you like playing Metroidvania games where you take on the role of an overpowered Swordsman who is lighter than air, pick this one up and watch as your opponents get ripped to shreds!  Even on ""Tough"" mode, this game doesn't provide that much of a challenge, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it fun.  This game also has one of the best soundtracks in a game that I've heard.Pros:- Gameplay is awesome.- Graphics are great.- Music is wonderful.Cons:- A little too easy.- Ending kind of sucks."
,Recommended,236090,4430289,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Lewd Deity,"An RPG sidescroller with great graphics and a superb soundtrack. If you want a challenge, play this on hardcore (It becomes a Dark Soul's Variant)."
,Recommended,236090,10168110,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,DeathScavenger,"Solid game play, beautiful scenery, flawless controls (even with a keyboard).Hard to imagine this game was made by 1 guy; the only ""help"" from other people was the soundtrack.Try your best to ignore the fact that it is a ""furry"" game...A definite must have for RPG fans.Worth every penny."
76561197998338822,Recommended,236090,1813340,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,ShadowMaster,"A 2D platform rpg. Thrilling action. Awesome graphics for a 2d rpg, A great story about a guy, who doesnt remember his past. I just loved it! i didnt play a game that gets my attention for a long time!"
,Recommended,236090,10107595,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Jabor,I really can't believe that one persone made all of this. It's just rad as hell!
,Recommended,236090,10156503,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Jackmoved,Everything about this game is amazing. Best played with an Xbox 360 controller.
,Recommended,236090,10161892,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Fickle Fits,good old fashioned adventure hack n slash platformer
,Recommended,236090,10180761,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Eden DeMarlo,THIS GAME IS MIND BLOWING. 10/10! RPG PLATFORMER SLASH AND HACK LOVING PEOPLE. THIS GAME WILL PULL YOU IN!!
,Recommended,236090,10183408,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fargo,"Flawless in-game performance, amazing visuals, perfect controls, breathtaking story... Probably my new favorite game :)"
,Recommended,236090,10185409,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Moldy_Jello,You know who would love this game? Furries.
,Recommended,236090,10511990,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jeff,"Great game in terms of storyline, however the gameplay may be repetetive. If you're the kinda guy that plays the game for teh story this is it, however don't expect much if you're not planning on following the storyline ;)"
76561198027435960,Recommended,236090,8804365,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Rowdy Cloudy,Plays great.Looks great.Music 8/10I hate that flying bat squirrel. I'd rather have Navi.
,Recommended,236090,10549298,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Shiftyjack95™,"TL;DR - Fun game, smooth controls, and a decent story with a nice rpg element to its action element. 8.5/10Dust: An Elysian Tailis a game I didn't really expect to like much when first playing considering I didn't know what I was expecting when I went into it. As soon as you enter the game you are drawn by the aspects of the game, the color, sounds, and most of all the game play mechanics. Much of the game was a blast for me spending a good week to try and complete the game due to it usually drawing me in with all of its elements. The voice acting is good enough and frequent enough to let you not get tired of their voices and much variations of accents and characters help with that. The character you play provides a mystery as you try and uncover your past and reasons of why you have all these things happening to you but it has a linear story which I did not like due to the fact there should have been choices to things later on in the story I would like to have made. Gameplay wise it controls very smooth for what it is, as you level up the enemies develop new tactics and fighting styles as they add more to combat you getting stronger and learning new moves as well throughout the story. Sad to say that even though you are a melee character with different moves and some ranged moves with the help of your sidekick, ultimately I usually had an indefinite combo of defeating every enemy and boss except for a few rare exceptions. Story wise I think they should have expanded on the concept and extended it more since it only takes place in 5 different kind of biomes such as forest, caves, mountains, volcano, and a cemetery area. Most of the areas consist of forest with the other biomes only have 1 area for them. Enemywise there are many different kinds but sometimes there are reskins in later areas but at least they don't reskin much and also they develop new moves and get stronger as you continue through the story. The side missions are the only way of adding more to the game but they are mostly just to help level up and gain materials. The economy in the game seemed a bit too forgiving as most of the time I would end up with items and gold I needed after defeating so many enemies finishing an area in the game. Variations of attacks pretty much you only develop new range attacks and get better dodging techniques but you should have to develop new tactics each time you get later on in the game.In the end this game controls well, the game looks good, and the story is a little lacking. It ended so soon and I would rather have more added to it."
76561198129408258,Recommended,236090,10550818,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gaming Pyrotechnist,"I think that this is one of the best games I have ever played. This game has a good story line with alot of funny dialogue and a couple sad moments for those who have not played this game and you like hack, slash, platformers then this is a game that would satisfy your needs fantastically. I highly recommend this game to any casual or hardcore gamer it is alot of fun."
,Recommended,236090,199819,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Shader,"Warning!This game contains anthropomorphical cuteness overload.Otherwise, one of the best hack and slash platformer I have ever played."
,Recommended,236090,10551752,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,KingLuxion,"The best Indie game I've ever played (Minecraft included). If the game design and fast pace RPG style gameplay won't get you wrapped up in it, the amazing, emotional storyline will. 11/10"
,Recommended,236090,10482199,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,o! kotek!,This is a pretty good platformer. Equipment and levelling up add a dilema of choosing between grinding or developing skill. It was a very pleasant surprise that this game also works natively on Linux.
,Recommended,236090,4850851,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Techwolf,"This is one of my favorite games. It's a cross between a platformer and an RPG, and pulls it off well. The most amazing part of it is that it was all made by one person, a graphic artist turned programmer, over several years. The graphics are great, a cross between cartoons and anime, and the storyline is immersive and mysterious. That, and the characters are mostly furry. :3--Techwolf ^.^"
76561198037997370,Recommended,236090,10490189,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mirahana,"Great gameplay, great story, amazing art designdo you need anything else?"
,Recommended,236090,10732210,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OP,"Good story, awesome gameplay, really epic music, this game is by far the best 2D platformer I have ever laid my hands on. 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,10698613,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darton Nguyen,"This game is absolutely stunning. I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer but i was able to run this game at graphics that are amazing. It's so beautiful and i recommend it to anyone. You might be wondering if it's a game about furries. Well, it is, BUT besides having a bunch of furries in it, this game is stunning and fluid. the action is great and the design is perfect. If you're on the edge of deciding whether to buy this game like I was, don't be and just get it. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,236090,10699610,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Giuesppe,"Great art style, combat funny humor. Id also say the voices are good. The main character's voice is familiar... but from what.....!?   with a sale to but this game is more than worthy choice of purchase."
76561198088672159,Recommended,236090,7147123,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Assistant,"Great storyline, beautiful artwork, and amazing gameplay if not a bit on the easy side. Just play on hard and its great."
,Recommended,236090,10703224,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kJin,I couldn't stop playing this game from the moment I started.The story gets better as you progress.Hands down one of best 2D ARPG on steam.10/10 @ $5.00 steam sale.
,Recommended,236090,10703680,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stryger,"Amazing story of an unknown warrior who is trying to find himself, you'll come across alot of challenges and friendly characters throughout the game that you'll actually enjoy helping, it doesn't just feel like your doing a quest for an item, if your anything like me you'll grow attached to the characters (Main and NPC characters) as they grow as if it were your own personal quest.Great voice acting from all of the cast involved and a beautiful hand drawn art style that you can easily see was made with passion for the game/story/characters. It also has full controller support for Xbox controllers anyway, no setup just plug-in and play.This game has to be one of my most favorite games of anything I've played in a long while. I even picked it up on XBL i love it so much and i would definitely recommend giving it a try if you're even the least bit interested, it'll be a game i have my kids if i ever have any play even 20 years from now."
76561198043020182,Recommended,236090,10714924,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Führer Salzen,"IT is amazing, Best part is definatly the ability to fly across the entire screen."
76561197969912174,Recommended,236090,10717253,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Major Butts,Girls like it.
,Recommended,236090,10708609,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Joseph Morse,Somehow forgot about this game dispite watching TotalBiscuit review of the game some time ago.  Its an amazing game and quite fun.  Need to remember to add more games to my wishlist when I find one I like.
76561198037262793,Recommended,236090,10708635,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kilorn,"This is truly one of the best games I have ever played. There's a good reason Dean Dodrill won the D.B.P competition a couple of years ago. The controls are very fluid, the combat is satisfying, the story is engaging and the characters are actually worth caring about. This game is a masterpiece."
76561198069454372,Recommended,236090,10719567,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rsuevel92,"The fight machanic is pretty fun and amazingly responsive, But what drew me in was the narrative which is fun and exciting."
76561198104851129,Recommended,236090,10724873,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ebony-avenger,button mashing heavon
,Recommended,236090,10603812,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rob of the robots,"This is a great game, made by just one man. The animation is really nice and it's extremely satisfying chopping through a whole bunch of enemies."
,Recommended,236090,1508844,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,ISeeStars!,Божественно ^__^
76561198024035942,Recommended,236090,3515551,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,ЖNameless,Muramasa:The Demon Blade is way better than this.
76561198035828691,Recommended,236090,10606461,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DJ KDSN,"Funny, cute and imaginative.May seem like the same old metroidvania style play, but the quirkiness of the npcs and enviorments keep you coming back for more.  Best played with a gamepad though."
76561198127725682,Recommended,236090,10597279,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,fights4love,Good Fun. Can't go wrong with this one.I can go more into detail but I'm not. Its a great game. Buy it.
,Recommended,236090,2175663,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Sven++,"I generally don't like any brawler/beat-em-up game. Dust however, managed to make me 100% this game on my first playthrough. This is a game made by one guy, and it's got a great storyline and world. The gameplay isn't necessarly my favorite, but unlike pretty much any game mlike this it was fun."
,Recommended,236090,10601072,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rokusho The Black Cat,"I had a blast while playing this game. I honestly just wish that there was more to play aside from finishing up the achievements in the game. It's not a matter of a lack of content, it's more like finishing a good book. You finish it, and you want more, but only find that the next book in the series hasn't been released yet and you cry a bit on the inside.Pros:Combat is relatively intuitive and easy.Beautiful art work.Good humor.Cons:Makes you yearn for more."
76561198055201872,Recommended,236090,10585315,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alter,BUY IT BUY IT BUT IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT
,Recommended,236090,10005278,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hdexas,One of the best games i have ever PLAYED!!!!
,Recommended,236090,10008875,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Gorsh,"This game is a really great investment.The story is incredible, including the whole atmosphere. Also hyperduck did great work with the Soundtrack. This game is a beautiful piece of art i would recommend playing for everyone who isn't just into shooting stuff but exploring and enjoying the spirit Dust: An Elysian Tail shares."
,Recommended,236090,10009339,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,I Aten't Dead,"It's easy to recommend this game. Dust: An Elysian Tail has taut gameplay, gorgeous locations, fluid animation, great voice acting, and an overall immersive but not too overbearing experience (~15 hours if you're aiming for 117%).Unfortunately, the game's (rather obviously) flawed as well, most of which feel like if a few more weeks were spent on it, they could be fixed and make the game near perfect. To avoid nitpicking I'm just going to highlight the most glaring.First off the story, while well put together, is cliche (although not entirely predictable, thankfully) and a little hard to really grab your attention. Same with the characters really, they're great and well voiced but they don't quite grab you (and what's with the shading or the character designs in places? It really contrasts to the amount of detail put into the gorgeous backdrops). This is a real shame considering how the main villain is actually relatively likable. Some ideas that look like they could be important plot points are dropped entirely (ex: the technology you find late game).Next is the fact that after you unlock the main map and talk with the villagers in the first town you begin opening up various other locations, many of which optional, which really opens up the game and makes it feel less linear than it is. By Chapter 3, there aren't any other side areas to unlock or explore and levels become increasingly linear up to the end (and it becomes painful as it drags in the middle).Finally, bosses are really easy. Every single one will go down to slash, Fidget, and heal combos. You're more likely to die to mooks than the bosses, even if they do hit hard.That said, this is still an amazing game. Despite the dragging middle, every segment of the game is well thought out and enjoyable to play, broken up well with short segments of conversation that don't go on for too long. The final boss especially is awesome (though I wasn't as excited for the ending and the section before the final boss is a little confusing and frankly cheesy). While save locations are frequent, the game doesn't hand hold you and allows you to live and die and discover its large number of secrets by yourself.I recommend playing on Tough as you'll rarely die in Normal. If you're used to hack and slash games and are confident in your platforming, try Hardcore. Also, make sure you have a controller. The precision this game needs practically demands it."
,Recommended,236090,10058394,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,OdinFromAsgaard,"Amazing game, great story (so far), and amazing music!!"
76561197988994736,Recommended,236090,10058544,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,thejoche,"Picked this up on a whim. Glad I did. Anthropomorphic characters are not my thing, but it plays well in this instance. Cool story and good fighting. 8/10"
,Recommended,236090,1172542,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Ratie,"The atmosphere of this game is conveyed by the way of beautiful visuals, an awesome soundtrack, and an engaging storyline delivered with good voice acting (one character's Australian accent was stereotypically over the top, but in hindsight, it isn't out of place since many other accents were over the top as well).The gameplay feels very fluid and I recommend playing with a controller.An enjoyable game that I believe to be well worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,317458,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,chandrila,"Gorgeous artwork, an excellent soundtrack, interesting characters.  The voice acting is decent; the story is a little simplistic but gets the job done.  The combat is blisteringly fast and ridiculously over-the-top, but very addictive.  Considering this was the work of a single person, it's an impressive achievement.  I really like it."
,Recommended,236090,10072057,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Blackgrave,in its simplicity i find joy ^_^
76561198013207476,Recommended,236090,2826837,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Oncx,That is..... good!
,Recommended,236090,5181095,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,bubbaste,"nice game, amazing to think only one devs labor of love, great story and great action."
76561198091104719,Recommended,236090,10075144,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Graftatron,This game has an amazing hand-painted background and characters. An interseting storyline too.
,Recommended,236090,10077459,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,SkunkFarts,Amazing game. Nice lengthy plot to keep you entertained. The game took a total of 18 hours to complete per run through. Really fun game.
76561198072921861,Recommended,236090,10077580,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Maniam,"This Game was really worth picking up. The characters are sweet and funny and the artwork was a masterpiece.The gameplay is very nice as well with quick action and carefull timing. Anyone can ""mash the buttons"" but to get great at this game you will have to learn those combos.Even if some mechanics can be a bit hard to master, (blocking, aerial duststorm) it´s all a matter of practise (or luck).The game also has a lot (LOT) of back tracking. You WILL return to earlier areas if you want to 100% the game. Right or wrong? That´s for you to decide.The only bad thing with the game is that it´s kind of short. If you want to you can easily finnish the game in 1-2 days.But it´s worth it any way. If every game was this touching and with a story this moving then I would be broke and locked up in my room for the rest of my life.If you want a quick game with awesome artwork, a story that can draw tears at times and quick, fast gameplay.Buy this game."
,Recommended,236090,10065025,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Silverstreak Folf,This game happens to be one of the most intresting side scrolling games i've ever played. It happens to have a great story and is well developed. Plus the sound track is amazing.
,Recommended,236090,7554907,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Mbulsht,"Gorgeous art style, fluid combat, great soundtrack, passable story. At times it's really apparent that the game was literally made by one person. At other times, you'll wonder how one person managed to pull off a project like this."
76561197983064288,Recommended,236090,10090288,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Toast,"Huge fan of 2.5d sidescrollers and this game is MOST enjoyable. You play a ninja fox with a mysterious history with a sidekick named Fidget. In fact there are no humans in this game, at all. There's animal people, your sidekick Fidget is a Nimbat, walking blobs of water (wasn't sure how else to phrase it), and thinly shaped humanoids that oddly look like Mewtwo (I swear it).Art style is fantastic. You do get a few conversation choices in this game (under ten?) but it doesn't seem to affect much.Combat is great. It's ok if you are a button masher, you'll survive here just fine. I however used a ps3 controller the entire game. The ""R2"" trigger doesn't work though I used the right analog and that was an acceptable subsitute. Didn't try the keyboard but I couldn't imagine doing it. The settings menu seems to allow for remapping so maybe that's your thing.The map selection means you can go back and backtrack anything already done, very useful.Characters are pretty great with some good humor on the side.Animation feels very handdrawn, or Saturday morning cartoons from the 90s, however exceptionally detailed, colorful, and very fluid.10/10, played on a Linux SolydX install with no issues. would play again sometime."
,Recommended,236090,4890404,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Kai,A hidden jewel on Steam.
76561198042515741,Recommended,236090,8991686,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,HyperFlash,"For a game that was mostly made by one guy it is awesomethe visials are nice, the gameplay is good, and the story with twistsit is 100% worth the money"
76561198022662838,Recommended,236090,8994697,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ABedardo,"A great beat-em-up with a few RPG elements to it. Very Metriod-esque with a strong story, good characters and beautiful artwork"
,Recommended,236090,8997050,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,EricStratton,"I recently finished Dust and I had to write a review for it.  I can't recommend it enough.  Even if you're not a big platformer fan, I imagine you'll enjoy this game.  The art is amazing.  The voice acting is absolutely top notch.  And the story was enjoyable.The gameplay can get a bit repetitive but the game has enough secrets and hidden items to keep you interested.A very well-done game all around.  Kudos to the developer."
,Recommended,236090,10538984,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chibolete,+nice art+very fluid gameplay+metroidvanian+upgrades+very polished characters+all dialogue with audio-short-few stats
,Recommended,236090,7886131,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,GGAMER,"Really good game. The game itself paints a great picture and just doesnt slow down. The voice acting is on par with Bastion, and the fighting is a fun slash and dogde combo that wants you to get that 1000 hit combo. Must play indie game."
76561198025777784,Recommended,236090,3665892,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Jioo,"This game is amazing, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,236090,7886234,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[ Tempest ],"If you can get past the extremely cringe-worthy dialogue, the game's a blast. It's a shame there isn't a NG+ or all that much replayability."
,Recommended,236090,3946101,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,infiniteLimit,"Very solid brawler/platformer/arpg/metroidvania. Combat is satisfying and fluid, the rpg elements work well and controls are responsive. The story is a bit cliche but has enough twists to keep it interesting and engaging, and the writing/characters is very well done. Audiowise nothing special, but the soundtrack works and the voice acting is solid. Visually outstanding good for an indie game and the animations, backgrounds and character sprites are all detailed, professional and beautiful.10-20 hours, depending on how completionist and/or good you are. Must play on Tough or Hardcore, easier setting are appearantly too easy. Well optimized and runs great. All made by a single man (except the audio)."
76561198023534731,Recommended,236090,7886590,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Exceeding_Arrow,"Great game with a touching story and fun combat.The game really dragged me in and made the game feel maybe a bit short, but i would recommand it to anyone."
76561198007780634,Recommended,236090,7887166,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Psyck Wolf,"I loved this game from the very beggining to the very end. Altough some gameplay mecanics could have been better, its story, soundtrack and ambient surely did the trick to me. Not to mention that, there were sections and cutscenes that brougt me to the verge of tears. Definitly worth any gamer's time. You will not regret it."
76561198042346429,Recommended,236090,7887215,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[DLP]HoS,"A nice little game, with really beutiful art and music. A little short with cliché ending but worth it."
,Recommended,236090,7888037,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dudedood,"This game really was gorgeous, from the art style to the combat system and all of the stats in between... I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would recommend to any fans of metroid/castlevania. My only con for this game would have to be the voice acting, and even then it's not that bad. Overall a 10/10."
76561197961180472,Recommended,236090,7888059,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,LordMonkeyBoy,Fantastic... Best game I've played in years.
,Recommended,236090,7888089,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Milliena,Really engaging platform game with gorgeous graphics and characters.
,Recommended,236090,7888241,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Greg,"Dear lord, it has been a while since a game could take a basic sidescroller and give it a new level of depth without overcomplicating it. A perfect combination of light-hearted dialogue, simple (yet rewarding) gameplay, and a level of depth that gives dimension without becoming tedious. Higly reccomended."
,Recommended,236090,7888427,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,hagspam,"Great Game. Good Music, Good Story, and really fun to play. <3 Fidget"
76561198047701318,Recommended,236090,7888445,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Buster,"I'm bad at writing reviews. It's a shame this gets passed up so often just because it's a ""furry"" game. It's an awesome adventure RPG regarless of how many characters have ears and tails."
,Recommended,236090,1003074,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,RiffRaff,"Outstanding game.  Once you get over just how beautiful the hand drawn sprites and enviroments are you will find a fun combat system, cute and clever story, and more than enough to explore to scratch your Metroidvania itch.  Highly reccommended to play at least on hard difficulty as I find normal way too easy, even for those who are not accustomed to this style of game (the highest difficulty feels just about right for veterens of the genre).  A must own and easily one of the best games of 2013."
76561198039650062,Recommended,236090,10226362,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Naedeslus,The game is so cute that it gave me a seizure.BESTARTSTYLEEVER.
76561197971502547,Recommended,236090,10226535,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kalle,"Thanks TotalBiscuit, worth the money."
76561198009433364,Recommended,236090,10226622,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Simkin,"Pros: Pretty and fun, with solid gameplay.Cons: May turn you into a furry."
,Recommended,236090,2628987,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Eph,"***SPOILER ALERT***The parts I did not like (but hardly affect the score I wish to give this game) is:- The voice acting specifically for Dust (too dramatic and wordy lines) and Ginger (nagging and bored voice, impossible to connect with character, false sad-sounding voice)- The part where Dust is crawling on the ground after defeating Gaius- The cutscene when Dust takes off his hat. The style of the eyes were exactly like every other character. Big and tall.- The blombs! I hate those things. I can't really put it into words but I feel like those were the most annoying monsters to fight against for the fact that it took away from the fast-paced game that Dust: An Elysian Tail is.- I could be wrong, but there weren't many upgrades for the blade.What I liked:- The voice actors of the mysterious merchant (I wish he had more dialogue, I REALLY love the sound of his voice. Infinity/10) and Fidget (whose sass and sarcasm really pulled through for her).- The Moonblood race. Very well made-up race name, it's not stupid-sounding like ""Bloodwolves"" or ""Earth Hounds"", it's also not too vague like ""Vanguard"" or ""Defenders"", and it's not a made up word that sounds ridiculous like ""Vylokorian"" or ""Meschics"".- The artwork and every little detail put into the environment is its characters.- Level design- The puzzles- The last boss fight in particular- The sidequests which were not too lengthy (there was only one, which was with Cora and the Sorrowing(?) Meadows and having to visit 3 (4?) different mansions).Well done, and I hope to see a sequel."
76561198023349678,Recommended,236090,10226888,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Sinnful,Highly Addictive!  A game you can pick up and go and put down when you need to stop.
76561198009558468,Recommended,236090,10227027,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zander,"I don't normally post reviews, but i enjoyed this game so much that i have to reconmend it to others. truely an awesome game! 10/10"
76561198045344831,Recommended,236090,10227945,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wvz,Can't think of any reason not to give this a 10. Everything about the game is clean and crisp.I'm in love <3
76561198130166897,Recommended,236090,10227946,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Darkmyr,LOVE IT
76561198059610657,Recommended,236090,10228163,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ne0nz,"Dust is a very good game!!! I loved the combat, story, characters, and everything else about it. I recommand this amazing game to anyone who likes adventure and humor.The ending was amazing and not what I expected. You will enjoy this game. I hope everyone else will enjoy it as much as I did.The Soundtrack is wonderful. It has a great skill layout, and good upgrade and armor layout. If u like sidescrollers, than this game is for you, this game will get you hooked even if u don't like sidescrollers. This game is worth it!"
76561198089960739,Recommended,236090,10228868,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,loup garou midget porn craver,Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW!
,Recommended,236090,10229235,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,BadIndieGamer [Takeda],"I wasn't 100% sure about this game, even though I love pretty much every category that it comes under, but because it was so cheap I thought, ""well what the heck, might as well get it."" SUCH a good decision. Would've been worth the full price for sure. The art style is gorgeous, the combat is fantastic and even though I've only played for an hour so far I am finding the storyline very interesting. Might I also say that Fidget is an awesome companion. 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,10229291,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,spoeki,"Incredibly fun combat mechanics, great game!"
,Recommended,236090,10229628,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,C♫ #twitch.tv/carlocarlone,incredible game with much story and amazing combos/skills. 10/10
76561198035145607,Recommended,236090,10229658,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Chrispy,"Definately recommend this game. Awesome soundtrack, great story, and funny moments only gamers will understand."
,Recommended,236090,10229780,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,UncleGeralto,"Such a great game! Fluent, colourful and full of action!!"
76561198050609271,Recommended,236090,10231306,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Woolf,Such a great game with loads of stuff to do! The combat/action is unmatchable!
,Recommended,236090,10232298,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,PastarGaming,Do NOT buy this game. It looks kind of cool however I bought it 6 months ago and have never been able to play it. I have tried 5 times to download it on steam. When I do so I get it fully installed and try to run the game. It gives me the same error and crashes. I have never even seen the title screen. I have emailed the developer with this issue 3 times and I have not heard back from him. I talked to steam and they ofcorse told me to talk to the devs. I wasted my money on this game and have enver even got to see the title screen. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,236090,10232428,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Pokéman493,Made me a furry 10/10
,Recommended,236090,10226941,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Yonk Coon,"Laptop: Custom Lenovo y510pAudio: Beyerdynamic DT 770 PRO (Pearl DP 250s)Dust, while proving to be a game with easily-irritating voice acting and overaveragely bulbous woodland creatures, was worth the $4 or so I payed for it.Yes, Fidget looks and sounds like the most generic furry art you may have ever seen, but I'm that's not going to devalidate this entire game that was made by one patient guy. Easily skip dialogue with the space bar, one line at a time! It's that great. The developers knew that not everyone needed the dialogue, so there is that delightful option.Dust is my go-to game for a relaxing slashing experience. I say this because the game noises (cloth, footfalls, slashes) are extremely pleasant, and I'm wearing headphones that prove it. I found the soundtrack to be fitting to a generic ""legend,"" the voices to be straight out of an amateur acting class, and the first area to be a bit contrasting in its art style.Keep in mind that I haven't gotten more than 5 skills at this point, not yet reaching the village at the beginning of the game.However, I feel that Dust, even if repititive in gameplay, will keep me entertained because it offers me another type of game to play when I'm feeling tense from Overgrowth or burnt from SSBM."
,Recommended,236090,10232770,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ruby,"By far one of my favorite games of all time. The story and gameplay are absolutely marvelous, it's funny and easy to learn how to play. I would highly recommend this to anyone who's into amazing indie games."
76561198004576021,Recommended,236090,8909148,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Pacifist Floran,Fidget is the most adorable thing ever.
,Recommended,236090,6460901,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Gavin~☆,"One of the best games I've played hands down. I don't care if you hate the art sytle, it's one of those games I think everyone should play."
,Recommended,236090,7491211,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,State From JakeFarm,"To tell you the truth, I have actually looked past this game before, but some how, some where at some time I bought it and HOLY SHEEEEET THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! SOOOOO much detail! Controls are Tight and Responsive, Animation is so fluid and really beautiful to look at, Voice acting are really good and witty, and the amount of TIME and DETAIL put into this game, AAARBAAAARHGGAHRHGAAAH!!! I always look foward to playing this game everyday, progressing my character and uncovering every secret this game holds. I have not once use a guide to help me find any secrets and the achievements I though seemed impossible I soon achieved becuase I invested my time into this game, not becuase I have to, but becuase I WANT TO!-Love beatin♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a fluid but brutal manner?-Love enriching games that immerse your in it's world and wonder?-Hated the little ""HEY LISTEN!"" Prompt that Navi always says and wishes it was replaced by Witty and Well-humored writting?-Love how a game can break the 4th-wall just as well as ""Metal Gear""-Love cameos?-Love Indie games cuz ur a ""Hipster""?THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥IN' GAME FOR YOU!!!!!"
,Recommended,236090,7117085,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Devil Simo,Compratelo e basta
,Recommended,236090,8926984,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Lorebook,"Story: The story reminds of the classic JRPG's I grew up on. It's a light hearted, fun sometimes silly adventure. While there's plenty of moments of camp, as well as sometimes going into almost fan fic style territory. I enjoyed it. There's alot to like here, i only wish the world was built upon a little better. I know the creator was working on a movie set in this world, while the game came from the movie or was 2 seperate things in the world. I don't know.Gameplay: Metroidvania meets JRPG meets DMC. That's it in a numbshell.  You play Dust, at the start of the game you have limited abilites, except for slash and dash. Enter room kill waves of enemies, yet as you explore and unlock things you gain new abilites and unlock new areas to exlore in return. There is a level up system in the game that let's you put points into HP, Attack, Def, etc. A Equipment system that uses both crafting and shops, and finally a quest system. All these come together to form a pretty fun combination of tried and true systems, but put together in a good way.Overall: I say buy it on the cheap or get it on XBLA. I really hope there's a sequel or atleast more by this creator. He seemed like he had so much he wanted to do, but was limited by what could be done on his budget. I do recommend you play with a controller, as the skill combo and work would be a little rough on the keyboard. I got a good solid 10-11 hours out of it. Give it a shot."
76561198053840025,Recommended,236090,8928800,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,UoG || CobaltBartimaeus,"This game is amazing, and totally worth the money. If you ever see it on sale, don't hesitate.Pros: -Very very nice looking game-Great combat system-Story turns out to be fairly good-Super entertainingCons: -There are like 4 cutscenes in the whole game, all of which take place in the last 40% (although they're all nice)-THE FINAL BOSS BATTLE, JESUS CHRIST"
,Recommended,236090,8929914,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,joosebox,"Dust: An Elysian Tail was a neat little Metroidvania style game. The story was engaging enough to keep my entertained throughout the adventure. It was by no means the hardest game I've ever played, but it was a lot of fun. I would recommend playing it, especially if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,236090,8981836,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Enkido,Superb paintings! Excellent story-telling..and loads of side stories! Got me addicted for hours..Highly recommended!!Enjoy Fidget's company!
,Recommended,236090,8981859,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,warroirshy,finish the game wanting the sequel
76561198043947289,Recommended,236090,9091047,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kiiroteon,"I recommend this game for all fans of good old beating the crap out of enemies (because they deserve it of course).There is a lot of places to check, great story involved title hero and lots of lots of goodies.Now for cake to sum it up, some of the music is made by one of greatest music creators in the universe, Alexander Brandon (remember Jazz Jackrabbit 2 game? YES!)Everybody who likes this type of game should play it."
76561197972518312,Recommended,236090,9091382,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sergius,"Short and sweet this one,It's a pretty game (assuming you like the anime-style graphics), the combat is good fun though I found there to be a bit of a lack of variety (jump + spin + fidget could be used for the whole game if you felt like it).  I completed this in about 10 hours with a modicum of side quests and exploring, I didn't really feel like 100%'ing it once I'd beaten the final boss - but I thoroughly enjoyed it while it lasted.Well worth a play if you like platformers/beat em' ups."
76561198027379741,Recommended,236090,9093111,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,*Wisp,"Sidescroling, slashy slashy, RPG fun."
76561197973887312,Recommended,236090,9093924,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,XanderShadow,"An amazing story, beautiful graphics and a joy to play from start to finish! when I learned one man thought up, designed, drew, animated and coded this game, I was blown away!I eagerly await the sequal and anything else this man makes!"
76561198025566075,Recommended,236090,9094518,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lord Luxul,"Dust: An Elysian Trail - colorful and unique artistic style, good dialogue, well crafted and unique combat system, good storyline, touching characters, heartfelt sadness and joy, and an ending that both satisfies and leaves you wanting more.9/10Also, in the credits under others we would like to thank: ""an ever-loving God"""
76561198004627556,Recommended,236090,7421719,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,dante_87,"Truly an underdog game! I haven't finished the game yet, but so far, this is my hidden gem of 2013! Wow, I am very impressed by this game. I haven't had this much fun in a 2D action adventure game since Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.The visuals are superb; they are vibrant and crisp. The action is phenominal, like a 2D devil may cry, and story, so far, has been really intriguing. Also the voice acting is top notch!!!Do yourself a favor, if your a fan of 2D adventure games or a Castlevania: SOTN fan, this is right up your alley, it will not dissapoint!"
76561197973052125,Recommended,236090,9065733,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Lord Dyran,"I had heard a lot of good things about this game, but it never looked appealing.  I was pleasantly surprised when I started playing it and found a tight, classic platformer with some modern design sensibilities.  I'm still not a big fan of the style of the characters, though."
,Recommended,236090,1279161,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Eris!,"If furries were more about cutting♥♥♥♥♥♥apart stylishly and less about absurd sexual fetishism, the internet would be a much less frightening place and fantastic games like Dust would probably be more common."
76561197971170613,Recommended,236090,9070377,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rauhtier,"Nice Jump'n'Run Game with good story and nice artstyle. The fighting system is easy to handle and full of action, it realy kept me gooign"
76561198041695724,Recommended,236090,9070535,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DeepThought,"if this game came out in 1997 we would still be talking about it to this day. made by one man who did all the art music dev, and marketing all on his little lonesome. and he must be a real perfectionist because the controls are seemless the combat is satisfying. the fox is annoying but i keep coming back to this one. lots of fun 8.5/10."
,Recommended,236090,9071142,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Basking Shark,So stupid that it's actually kind of fun.
,Recommended,236090,7561377,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Benjamin Butthole,"One of the finest excecutions of a beat-em-up formula I have ever experienced.  Beautiful animations, environments and effects.  Despite the somewhat cliche story, this game has a charm I rarely see in any sort of media now-a-days; that whimsy that makes you become a child again, no matter your true age.This game is what makes me want to be a game developer."
,Recommended,236090,8402670,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,yooms,awesome and pretty funny action rpg
,Recommended,236090,1914983,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,CaptainFluffy,"Ok, I've sunk 15 hours into this game, I think it's time to recommend it. D:AET  is amazing. The gameplay is amazing, the art / animation is amazing,the music is amazing, the story, the humor (oh my god, the humor in this game); I can safely say from the start to about 92% in (according to the game) is amazing. It's been on the top sellers list since it came out ( as of 5/27), and for good reason. Definitely one of my favorite games this year so far, and definately worth the money. Not to mention the PC port itself is really well done. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥console port here. AAA devs should be ashamed. Also fourth wall jokes. FOURTH WALL JOKES.  10/10 GOTYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dusmv4_6sFM"
,Recommended,236090,8403900,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dv8godd,"Hard to believe this came from a one-man game company with one game under his belt.  This game is fantastic, to say the least.  Run, don't walk, to the Add To Cart button."
,Recommended,236090,8360197,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dr. J,"Dust: An Elysian is an enjoyable game, especially if you like hack and slash games."
,Recommended,236090,7403758,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,mr3,"At the sale price it's at now ($5ish) it's a great buy if you like lite versions of: RPG elements (leveling, toon customization, loot), story (don't expect more than the normal lite fodder), melee.  The only thing it gives more than a lite treatment to is its platforming aspect, it's a platformer at its core.  Although it does nothing new, it does what it does well--the devs here obviously crafted this thing with loving care."
,Recommended,236090,8345971,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Uncle Twisty Fresh,"Highly reccomended for those who love hack and slash with a good amount of story mixed in. It feels nice, short, and sweet, befitting an indie game, with a slew of sidequests and explorable areas. While a New Game + option would be welcomed the lack of one does nothing to harm the replayability when starting a brand new game, or going back through areas to grab the stuff you missed. (Let's face it, if you're going back after you've beaten the game you're not looking for better stuff, you're a completionist.) All in all a great game with very few situations or themes that take away from the experience as a whole."
76561197994534806,Recommended,236090,1547726,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Matthew,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,236090,8347902,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Proceleon,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is the best of the best when it comes to gaming. As soon as you're met with the title screen, you know this is going to be something special, but nothing - and I mean NOTHING - can prepare you for what Dust brings to the table. The game from start to finish is an absolute masterpiece! The environments are stunning, the characters are extremely well thought out, the challenges are non-stop, and the entire story is just pure genius.Dust's nimbat sidekick, Fidget, is without a doubt THE funniest character I've ever seen in any game EVER! The enemies, although tough, are a good way of learning about Dust's combat mechanics. And the music by Hyperduck is quite simply hypnotic.Dust is a prime example of what a single person is capable of if they really set their mind to it. A complete 10/10You did good, Dean Dodrill. You did very good indeed."
76561198017800201,Recommended,236090,8349934,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,zephiris,"I can absolutely recommend this game to everyone. The gameplay, the art style, the music, just everything about this game is beautiful and made with love, and it shows. The battle system is easy but fun all the way, and very addictive.The game has a very nice atmosphere and story as well, the graphics are based on pretty hd handdrawn sprites/textures. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,8351711,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,NeoThanatos,Very much enjoyed. Beautiful artwork and a classic side scrolling action RPG feel.
,Recommended,236090,8354024,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mukian,"Very good game, One of my favorites from this year."
76561198018300412,Recommended,236090,8355864,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Excaliber Puppy,this game so far has an amazing story and is very fun!  BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,236090,3845632,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Skrub,"One person, without any previous game programing knowledge made this over a span of 4 years, pick up your game everyone else!...."
,Recommended,236090,8357128,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Solar Flare Homicide,"Easily one of the best platformer RPGs ive played. The painting and art for this game are amazing and the mechanics are also amazing. Despite the entire character cast being ♥♥♥♥ing furries, its one of the best platformer RPGs ive played. The plot line is great and it is consistant; there are very few plot holes, if any. Your sidekick is hilarious and a little annoying at times but still cool."
,Recommended,236090,8357502,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sweetz,"So I admit I was a little hesitant of Dust at first due to its furry art and its slightly overwrought, anime-style dialog.  However, I quickly got over this and found myself really enjoying the game.  Much like Rayman Origins, Dust is the product of an alternate history where the industry didn't switch to 3D circa '96 and just made 2D games better and better.  It's a""Metroidvania"" game with a focus on fast and fluid combat and most importantly, great pacing.  It alternates between fighting and platforming at just the right times to keep the game interesting and more than once had me saying I would ""just play until the next save point""...a dozen save points ago.I have only complaint, which is that the game was a bit easy on normal difficulty.  This is fun in its own way as I was completely decimating enemies at the end of the game, but it also made the game a bit less fulfilling near the end as I breezed through.  To that end, I'd recommend playing on the next notch up if you're looking for a decent challenge."
76561198069650691,Recommended,236090,8357513,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Avengeful_Fox,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played.  The story is epic, the music is epic, the art style is even more epic.  It's a fun metroidvania style platformer with some really fun hack and slash elements thrown in.  The fact that all of the characters are anthropomorphic animals just adds to its overall level of awesome."
76561198025523773,Recommended,236090,8358131,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,firestar307,"I bought this game because it was on sale, and because it looked kind of interesting.  It turned out to be one of the best purchases I have made on steam to date.  I was captivated by the game almost immidiately.  It is a great game all around with fun combat, witty banter, and interesting plot twists.  I would reccomend it to almost anyone."
,Recommended,236090,8331198,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zero,Dust is a pretty good game with really nice graphics (if you don't mind furries). The gameplay is simple enough and both casual gamers and experienced ones can be offered a challenge
,Recommended,236090,5622959,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ChaseFoxx,Greatest. Game. Ever
76561198071508612,Recommended,236090,8336015,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Impish Dullahan,"I have to say, Dust: An Elysian Tale has to be one of my favourite games EVAR! It can be an action game with hordes of intelligent beasts or a story drivencasual story. I really love the cinematics in the manga style. They remind of the good ol' days of the first few Pokemon seasons. One more thing that i like is the humour and references to the real worldeg. ""Have you seen the screen..."", ""I hope you've saved.""All in all, it's a funny, manga style platformer that can be all about the action or the story (your choice)."
,Recommended,236090,8336403,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Helipaddy,"Cartoony aesthetics with a nice story, multiple difficulty-levels and lots of treasure across the zones you travel. Very responsive controls (playing with a wired x-box controller, but even with mouse and keyboard the actions are very fluid) and a nice combo-system. All in all a very fun experience, especially considering that one single developer made all the art-assets and coding himself, and only had help for the music (very appropriate for every moment, one of the better soundtracks and even comparable to some ""triple A"" titles) and voice acting."
76561198033975414,Recommended,236090,8337503,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TreMule,This is a great little game.
76561198047890349,Recommended,236090,8337691,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tomato Meat,This Game is by far one of the Greatest games ive ever played. I TRULY hope for a Sequel.
76561198038859226,Recommended,236090,8299200,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aurelian,"Fun and easy going, Dust is a must for some relaxed and solo playing experience!"
,Recommended,236090,2559830,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,II TwentyOne II  τ,Beautiful Game.Awesome combat.Would recommend/10
,Recommended,236090,8665601,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Palham,"HOLY F*CK, THIS GAME IS AWESOME! Everything about it is just amazing! The 2D graphics are wonderful and the music is absolutely top notch! If you haven't yet, PLAY THIS GAME! You won't regret it! I can even say that this is one of my favourite games EVER! I absolutely love it! Not to mention the whole game (except for the voice acting and music) was made by ONE guy! ONE GUY! This game is really worth the price tag!9.5/10"
76561197999412925,Recommended,236090,8670292,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Tralioc,Loved this game.  Great artwork and characters with a decent story to boot.  I'm ready for Dust 2.
,Recommended,236090,8656969,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,12 Years a Slav,"This game is great, the combat is good and combos are fun and easy to pull off. The best part of the game is the story, it is an amazing story with an awesome ending."
,Recommended,236090,8657864,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Westwind,Best goddamn side-scrolling game I've ever played.
,Recommended,236090,8661419,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,inverse404,"Excellent game. Smooth game mechanics, beautiful artwork, nice storytelling, meaningful side quests, intelligent secrets, great voice acting and even comes at a low ESRB rating.This game is a must have for everyone's steam library collection."
,Recommended,236090,8661611,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GoDzi,"A really good ""Beat 'em up"" indie game! I highly recommend it if you love ""Beat 'em up"" games!"
,Recommended,236090,8375163,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mnemophage,"It's like Dragon's Crown without the disturbing sexual exploitation. It's like Odin Sphere except you can actually buy it. It's like Furcadia without triple-donged horsetaurs trying to molest you. It's like Okami except you don't have to heft an old console out of the basement and get bogged down with old games you haven't played in a while, I mean, goddamn, Persona 3 just blew your mind, you know?It's a labor of love by one guy with too much time on his hands and, y'now, I like seeing when that goes right. There's an overpopulation of love-labors on the internet. Most of them drip on the carpet. Most of them you can't show your kid sister without later having a very awkward intervention with your family.It's pretty good, is the point."
76561198026882755,Recommended,236090,8375165,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fumbles,"After two playthroughs, this is my final score:Gameplay = 10/10Music = 10/10Graphics = 10/10Story = 10/10Voice acting = 10/10Length = 5/10Why did it get such a low rating for Length?  Because after spending 12 hours on my last playthrough, I did absolutely everything, and it wasn't enough.  I WANTED MORE.I am not one of those people who just slaps on perfect scores because they like something.  I gave everything else a 10 because I legitimately could not think of a single thing I did not like about them."
,Recommended,236090,8534590,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,shadowreaper5,"Oh my goodness. So much to say. Well drawn characters, great scenery, and hack and slash gameplay that never got booring. What's not to love about this? Should I also mention the *Allstar* cast they have? They pulled in something like half the cast from Skullgirls and many talents from the Abridged Series community. Anyone who's been keeping up with the indie game industry or been watching abridged series will recognize voices. If that wasn't enough, the dialogue is funny and engaging. There's also special cameo characters from several different games which I won't say any more on. The music and ambient sounds really bring everything to life and make it feel like you're really immeresed in the game.10/10 Go buy this thing"
76561198058653510,Recommended,236090,8535716,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NYPD,"This game is one of THE best game damn games I've played in a damn while. A beautifully animated game with fluid as water gameplay and and a lighthearted charm that had me end every sitting with an honest to god smile on my face. Unless you loath the concept of anthromorphs, or hate anything that shows less than 19 gallons of blood every 5 seconds, I think you'll find this game pretty damn worth it. I still want that fidget doll, godammit."
,Recommended,236090,8527626,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Norfen,"Abridged review:2D action RPG with beautiful art, intuitive and sublime controls, and just the right level of depth to be able to pick it up and put it down whenever you feel like playing.  Voiceovers and style can be a little cutesy but if you are into the japanese anime style then it won't detract from the experience.  Goes without saying that it plays best with a controller.  Highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,236090,8537059,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Beanz,"It hooked me from the start. Loved all the clever references, Fidget's humor, and the notes that gave you hints to secret locations. Gotta love mystery and puzzles! Amazing game! It made me remember how much I love platformers! It's worth every penny!"
76561197984611812,Recommended,236090,8537404,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,I_am_Cocktus,"Не дурно. Если отбросить в сторону относительную прозрачность и обилие мета-юмора сюжет сотавляет приятное послевкусие. Геймплей отдалённо похож на DMC, только сайдскроллер и не такой зубодробительный."
,Recommended,236090,2015926,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,{N} Olse,"Wow. Just wow.Okay, not gonna spoil the story, but I was surprised about the Christian and Taoist themes. And they're even at conflict. The story is surprisingly simple at the outset and even at the end in terms of presentation, but I'm still thinking about it. Kudos.The gameplay is the best part of this besides the artwork. It's smooth, intuitive, intense, and cinematic. And it flows excellently. Also kudos.All in all, don't be decieved by appearances here. Get this game. DO EET!"
76561198103886235,Recommended,236090,8401140,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,niche,"AMAZING GAME! Good Story, kinda cartoonish graphics but best combat in a platformer. P.S. Try to achieve the 1000 hit combo achievement to kill some time."
,Recommended,236090,11382005,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tiz,"Gotta say, this game is the bees knees. First side scolling beat 'em up game I've played in a long time and it blew me off my feet. Stunning story. Great action. Amazing characters. Great voice acting. 10/10 would play again."
76561198088051709,Recommended,236090,11383600,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,cricketbug,Love the game. The art is beautiful. And the voice actor for Dust is awesome!
,Recommended,236090,11384537,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Play-Jecture,"Dust is a game that shows it is made by a veteran gamer, and both it's gameplay and it's writing reflect that.  Those who are familiar with the action RPG style of Castlevania should recognize some of the familiar exploration mechanics.  However, Dust is wise enough not to alienate new players either, and it's intelligent writing helps create moments that train new players while having enough life and humor to avoid being obnoxious for experienced players.Presentation is easily where Dust shines brightest, and it's gorgeous cartoon art and animation are wonderfully realized.  Despite drawing upon a number of story tropes to establish it's setting, it always keeps itself interesting with it's stunning visual style and it's often wonderfully-delivered dialogue.  It's not perfect, and there are moments when characters are unnecessarily verbose.  These lines seem well-intended, attempting to instill a sense of reality and hint at the greater history of the game world, but can still feel like they linger on a bit too long.The fighting action in this game has a very fluid feel, as every action responds immediately to input.  At times, this can make the game feel rather easy, but the satisfaction of pulling off large combos easily makes up for it.Dust may not be the most perfectly realized game, but it does so many things superbly that it shouldn't be missed."
76561198075129090,Recommended,236090,11495989,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,floundation98,BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,236090,11490113,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,NOX33,"This game is perfect. The artwork, voice acting, story and music are pretty good. But the only bad thing is that the bosses are quite easy to kill if you know the wombo combo so I'd suggest that you play on tough difficulty. So if you have doubts if it's a good idea or a bad idea to buy this game then buy it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,236090,11507265,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Quillion,"Are you a furfag desperately in need of a sidescrolling RPG?Then you bought this game already.If you're not a furfag desperately in need of a sidescrolling RPG, and you're reading this review, you should probably know that this game is solid, well put together, and is ♥♥♥♥ing fun as Hell to play. Initially released on console, the PC port doesn't feel like a port at all, I played the entire thing on mouse and keyboard. I was surprised how long this game was, how many secrets there were to find, etc. This is a good freaking game with tons of style and is impressive for the amount of people that worked on it. I didn't think this game was going to challenge or make me enthusiastic about it at all, but it takes some skill to play and is well paced and designed.But, chances are, you're not playing this game simply because it has anthropomorphic characters in it, and you're missing out."
,Recommended,236090,832058,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,ShinseiTom,"Just, wow.  Superbly well made platformer/rpg.  Tight controls, great music, awesome art, and a story that's well put together."
76561197997917094,Recommended,236090,11477433,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DrakonisSlayern,"Dust combines beautiful graphics, silky smooth gameplay and a very entertaining story ... did i mention the beautiful graphics ..."
,Recommended,236090,11481094,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Binwoo,"So aesthetically pleasing, yet so fun."
76561198120725102,Recommended,236090,11482295,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Orion Pax,Great platformer! Been a while since I've played a good hack 'n' slash side-scroller. I wish there were more developers willing to make new games like this one. Definitely would recommend to all ages.
,Recommended,236090,10989782,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Captain Bob ☩,"It's bautiful, great story, great gameplay with a lot of quick action and insane combos. 100000000/10PS: I need another one to continue the story. IT'S SO GOOD!"
,Recommended,236090,10990787,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mikey Can't Stop,"Once you get past the humanoid animals, this game is pretty cool."
76561198116098152,Recommended,236090,10992184,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Silver edge,"A fun platformer game with a lot of hard work put into it. The story is good and so is the gameplay. The dialogue can sometimes get weird and awkward, but despite that, the game doesn't fail to disappoint."
76561198083745658,Recommended,236090,10992281,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ya Boi Bismarck,"This... just... Words can not discribe just how much of a blast I had with this treasure. An absolute staple of the adventure/""castevania-esk"" genre. Tight controls, easy save points, and options to adjust the hud and other elements at your liking. And the game story itself is very nice in itself and interesting. However, if you have a problem with walking talking animals, then have a cookie. Buy this game. Its so worth it."
,Recommended,236090,10994506,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Hiyatei,"Would definitely recommend it. It's somewhat short (15 hrs or so on normal) but the storyline is lovely, and occasionally sneaks in a punch to the feely bits. I think the chirpy companion animal is an acquired taste (""Hey, Listen!"" anyone?) but the environment is quite lovely and the music is pretty solid."
76561198067954305,Recommended,236090,10994514,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Soplet,"The game is fairly simple belt scroll hack and slash RPG with full cartoon animation, fully voiced, and voice actings are fine, too. The plot is good so far. I'm already looking forward for the next game they produce."
,Recommended,236090,7442757,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,B❶GH❹N',★★★★★Greatest piece of indie artwork/game ever made. <3
76561198080537340,Recommended,236090,11102572,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,stowrag,A few cliches don't spoil a beautiful game with great gameplay.
,Recommended,236090,8377460,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SirLanceAlittle,"If this game were any more polished, there'd be no reivews. Why? Because we'd all be blinded by its beauty."
,Recommended,236090,8512985,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Artiph Hastaenax,"I picked upDust: An Elysian Tailon a whim this last Winter sale because I'd heard decent things about it. Thankfully, I got my money's worth.Dustis an action/adventure/hack-n-slash/RPG/Metroidvania/thingy that puts you into the shoes of Dust, an anthropomorphic character of unspecific species on a quest to cut some dudes.Thankfully, the 'cutting dudes' part is by far the game's best feature, with responsive controls and a clear understanding of what its gameplay mechanics should be. Dashing is both invincible and well implemented, both in the air and on the ground, and you can dash cancel out of essentially anything to keep yourself safe or keep the pain train rolling. If you choose a harder difficulty, be prepared to exploit the invincibility period on your grapple finishers (that can be done in midair as well!) to make cleaning up crowds of enemies less of a gamble. On that note, Dust is also particularly adept at aerial combat, with midair slashes guiding you towards enemies to ensure that you spend less time faffing about and more time wondering how you can exploit this and the other mechnics to be as badass as possible. This is one of those types of games that makes you think ""Damn, I'm cool"" after a particularly grand setup.However, on the flip side of the coin, the game was clearly developed with the XBox 360 in mind without a whole lot of attention to the PC port, and this manifests in two distinct cons. One, the game only supports 360 pads, generic pads won't do. Two, and I'm still reeling from this one, you CAN'T rebind the mouse & keyboard controls. This baffles me. Luckily, they work pretty well, and after a half hour or so of fumbling around, you'll be right at home.Presentation is also a point that brears mentioning: It's easy to tell whomever was in charge of sound knew what they were doing, with sharp, distinct effects keeping the tension in combat high and complimenting the game's rock-solid OST. Go look up some tracks on Youtube. I'll wait here....Pretty sick, eh? What's not sick, unfortunately, is some of the animations. While the backgrounds are vibrant and very good looking, for some reason, everything dealing with the actual characters (Dust aside) seem to be a rung or three down the ladder. NPCs on the field look like they were animated for babby's first New-grounds Flash animation circa 2003, moving only at the (immediately visible) joints and nowhere else. The dialogue portraits don't fare a whole lot better. While they actually have some semblance of animation, a lot of the NPCs just look dead inside, and there's a whole lot of artifacting on each frame that reaffirms the fact that this game was developed for consoles. It'salrightHumble Hearts, I have a 2 terabyte hard drive, a handful of uncompressed frames aren't gonna put me hard up for disk space.Further accentuating the issue is the fact that a couple of the characters are just downright standoffish and unlikeable. Even (hell, especially) the ones who we're supposed to be sympathetic to just come off as whiny and intolerable. Dust himself is... alright most of the time, with him and his sidekick Fidget composing two of the slim handful of characters I actually found myself at all attached to. On the whole, the voice acting is passable, as well. Not too bad, but not grand, either.The story itself is average. Inoffensive.Look, I know I just piled up a bunch of criticism, but this game's worth buying, alright? I'm not very good at this reviewing thing. Just buy it and cut dudes. Get out of my face. 8/10."
,Recommended,236090,8513212,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Adath,"Great game, the art is amazing and the game mechanics are greater than I've ever seen."
,Recommended,236090,8513243,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Axieoqu,"Beautiful, casual platformer. Graphically and aurally charming ambience, linear but not too stupid character design and plot. No tasks requiring precise timings or control. Overall a delightful experience."
,Recommended,236090,8513755,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,StarrWarrior,Pretty good. 9/10. Love the art style. :)
76561198036394975,Recommended,236090,7419780,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Sir Raiu Koren,"Video games as an artform, exemplified.Amazing environments, good animation, awesome musical score, a unique and phenomenal story, and surprisingly excellent voice acting.Truly a work of art."
,Recommended,236090,8516479,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheWhiteWing01,"A hack-and-slash platformer that's a whole bunch of fun. I bought the game because it looked interesting, but didn't play it for a while, as per my usual with games. The first time I did play it, I sat enthralled for six hours. Tons of fun blowing through enemies, and enjoying a pretty decent storyline."
,Recommended,236090,8517883,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,transidle,"I generally play games for the story line, and I certainly haven't been disappointed with Dust: An Elysian Tail. From the beginning of the game, I have been engrossed at the very different way of story telling compared to what I am used to. And I am looking forward to completing the game."
76561198018631871,Recommended,236090,8518751,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,YuDumb,One of the best games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,236090,8519157,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Broland777,Best Side scroller I have ever played! Alot of love was put into this game.
,Recommended,236090,8620098,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,KATO,"Great game.  Fantastic artwork, a pretty good story and nice flowing gameplay.  As others mentioned not much replay but it's  well worth the price of admission."
76561198027998401,Recommended,236090,3840242,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Shiori Shi,"Really, this game suppriced me with how well done it is. Feels very fresh in this day and age of ""realistic 3d"" games, and it proves the gorgeous 2d era is not yet past."
76561197982867555,Recommended,236090,8622248,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jouchebag,"A colorful, humorous approach to the classic Metroidvania gameplay. Highly recommended to fans of side-scrolling action games and humorous approaches to plot development and dialogue, such as classic adventure games of the Monkey's Island variety.It is at times a bit too easy, and it's often related to enemy AI more than damage calculations. Cranking up difficulty doesn't help much when you already know how to juggle enemies for minutes without taking damage, but it's a small gripe."
,Recommended,236090,8623183,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TrinityRose,Wonderful game that I couldn't put down...hoping they make another
76561198051993003,Recommended,236090,8623512,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Drakeagle,"This game is fantastic. the art is wonderfully crafted and animations a silky smooth. gameplay is fast and fun if a little too flashy when there are alot of particle effects on screen.I really enjoyed the story and how all the characters interacted, keeping me engaged throughout.If I have any complaints it would probably be replayability. yes i could go through on higher difficulties but thats about it once youve done all the sidequests and main story. well worth the price though for such an engaging game."
76561198088234977,Recommended,236090,8601341,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,EpicSamurai,"Do you like RPG's? do you like hack and slash games? well then dust an elysian tail is the game for you! One of the greatest single player games i have ever played, if not the best. now go buy it.With a fantastic story and  gameplay this action packed RPG has you hacking and slashing your way through tons of interesting storys, monsters and challenges in order to find the truth about who you are.Dust has many side quests for you to do and collectibles to collect so if you want to get that 100% mark get ready to put in the time, and trust me, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,236090,8601788,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,😍 KillerCalamitea 😈,Beautiful story and art ! And Fidget is so cute <3
,Recommended,236090,8602027,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DeVo,Great game. Loved it.
,Recommended,236090,8606920,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Acuzié,"Story based Action RPG with similiar controls and attacks to Castle Crashers. Dust, our hero, wakes up with a magical sword and must discover his past while fighting to save the inhabitants of a small village."
76561198094319660,Recommended,236090,8606958,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Obsidian,Love it =D
76561197995774568,Recommended,236090,8607152,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Obi-Two Kenobi,"Amaizing story, lots of humor and refrences to other games and for a complitionist a good 13 hours of gameplay.Frankly I enjoyed every aspect of the game.The only downside in Dust is that its difficulty isn't that high. If you're a decent gamer, you won't even get hit by the enemies when playing in casual or normal difficulties so you can propably start the game with hardest difficulty and play through it without having too much trouble."
76561198048550423,Recommended,236090,11297307,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,JBelmont,"As a huge fan of classic Castlevania games and ""Metroid-vania"" styled games in general, I found this game to be more interesting, emotionally gripping, more fun, and overall a better game than Symphony of the Night. That says a lot. Buy this game now! It's so gooooooood!!!!!"
,Recommended,236090,11299149,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Setsai,swag
,Recommended,236090,11363484,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ethanicus,"Incredible! A beautiful artistic game packed with action and chaos, often due to you. The battles will leave your fingers aching, and the story will leave you with tears in your eyes.10/10, and one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing."
,Recommended,236090,11364704,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,seamonkey,Amazing game with amazing art. The combat makes me feel like a badass furry Batman.10/10 Would 100%
,Recommended,236090,11241072,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Montie,Game was a lot of fun to play through.  Can't believe it took me this long to try it.
76561198074803337,Recommended,236090,11242799,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,cloudwolf,This is one of my most fav games ever it can drag on but its still good :)
,Recommended,236090,11243032,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Noetic,good
,Recommended,236090,11243561,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ming2b,great game must try
,Recommended,236090,3582866,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,TheCollectiveX,Great game with awesome art style and combat. Get this if you like Metroid-type games (2D map with many paths/backtracking with new abilities)15-20 hours to beat depending on how much you explore.
76561198058419919,Recommended,236090,6071187,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Mikes Hard Lemonade,"Very good and underrated game, best pick up now."
,Recommended,236090,8383503,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dead :c,GET THIS GAME!IT'S F**CKING FANTASTIC!THE PERSON WHO MADE THIS SHOULD BE RICH!
,Recommended,236090,11323053,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DillionPHCO,"Difficulty scales quite heavily, but great game."
76561198007858484,Recommended,236090,11274122,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,toolguy1420,"Beautiful game, reused story but still wonderfully done. The gameplay is flowing, characters are superb, and very fast paced. It is a great 2D scroller with RPG elements."
76561198083289730,Recommended,236090,7029544,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,lex,"Excelent graphics and gameplay, xbox controler recommended since it feels like it was written for it :) Nice plot and lots of interaction. Just like darksiders it feels extremely smooth."
,Recommended,236090,11336358,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DoggleButt,"great 2d beat em up style game with a good story, has some sad moments in it that get to you a bit, also fidget is so f***ing cute!"
,Recommended,236090,11337710,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Crim,"This was an unexpected gem on Steam! I bought it during the Steam Summer Sale because some of the design and dialogue in the trailer looked interesting, but as soon as I started to play it I knew I was in love. The characters, the battle system, everything is amazing and way better than I expected. Even the NPCs have interesting personalities and stories, which provokes me to help complete the sidequests. I never complete sidequests in games.  Least to say I am a fan.If I had any criticism at all, it would be that some of the cutscenes aren't animated as well as the ingame graphics.For the work of one person to draw and learn coding to create all of this, you are really an inspiration to me.  (Yes, the game inspired me to look into the story behind who made it. If this was made by a studio, this would be the calibur of work I would want in any studio that I worked for.)"
76561198081254306,Recommended,236090,11250477,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MaYa,A really good game with a nice story!
76561197990529520,Recommended,236090,11251698,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MysticJanus,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a solid platform-RPG, very much reminiscent of Metroid and Mega Man X in terms of play-style. Very good visuals, an excellent soundtrack, and plenty of action and humor to go around. The combat system is easy enough to use, but takes a fair amount of skill in order to reach high combo chains without getting hit. That said, there are a couple things I'd like to point out. Like most console ports, Dust is very much geared towards controllers, and the default settings for the keyboard/mouse are rather clunky. It would be best to spend the early part of the game fine-tuning the button layout to your own personal style of playing. The overall storyline is well written, although I felt there were parts where the plot and/or dialogue were a little weak. Despite that, the game plays very well and is very enjoyable. So if you happen to enjoy playing solid platformers with a good story to tell, then you don't want to pass this game up!"
,Recommended,236090,11253418,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Koya Dusk,This game has some fun mechanics.
,Recommended,236090,11387006,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Fit,This is the best tornado simulator out there.
,Recommended,236090,11399335,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,_KryptiX_,"Dust: An Elsian Tail is a very entertaining and well designed game.An Action Platformer with an indepth storyline, this game really draws you into the story and characters which do not dissapoint from start to finish. Playing through I ran into no glitches or problems, a big plus in my book, and the acheviements are not out of reach. The fighting style is the greatest aspect of this game, with the various skills one achieves through defeating bosses keeping the gameplay fresh. One must also backtrack to previous levels later on in order to 100% the game, as skills you unlock later allow for the completion of earlier areas. The difficulty scaling works well with this game, easy being very laid back and hard requiring alot of skill and persistence to power through.I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,236090,11399714,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Wagner McVay,"Beauteful Artwork, Entertaining Gameplay, and an Interesting Story."
76561198133487948,Recommended,236090,11072578,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,starrfiretx,Fun game and interesting story line.
76561198068919027,Recommended,236090,11539777,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,dana13424,"Remember back in the day when anthropomorphic animals were beloved mascots and not the subject of ridicule and scorn. Characters like Sonic, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro and Yoshi come to mind. This game has been given♥♥♥♥♥♥for having anthropomorphic animals as its characters, but this is wholely unfair.The game is a Castlevania style beat-um-up with a lot to do and see. Exploration is rewarded, as you find the various secrets hidden throughout the world, and backtracking is nessessary as you gain new powers to access new areas. There are boss fights, a fair variety of enemies, optional side challanges, and other little things that add up to make a really good game. I dumped 10 hours into the game, and i enjoyed every minute of it. It does lack replay value, and some of the characters are a bit bland, but this game is definitely worth the cost."
76561198006672108,Recommended,236090,2389503,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Keniji,Nice sidescrolling adventure/RPG hybrid!
76561198006876063,Recommended,236090,11513436,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Surangie,"If you like games with atmosphere, fluid combat, beautiful artwork and a good story. Then you should try this game. If you dont like that you should try it out anyway."
76561198106040224,Recommended,236090,11515764,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,average player,"simply great. even though the battling doesn't really change all that much throughout the game, it never got boring. the game is very flashy and pleasing to the eye. the jokes in the game actually made me laugh (not all of them but enough of them did). fun story line, believable voice acting and fun puzzles. i played on hard core and it was a very welcomed challenge. it was  good mixture of REALLY hard but possible and i spent around 14 saved hours playing and probably about 40 hours of actual playing (many may many deaths). the eaasier difficulties are significantly easier. could probably be beaten in 6 hourse or less on easy. more games like this one need to be created."
,Recommended,236090,11516339,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Daniel Cheese,"WE DID EVERYTHING RIGHT, DUST ;A;101/10"
,Recommended,236090,11517001,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,-:miki:-,"I had originally purchased this game because graphically it looked amazing. I really enjoyed the art style and the colours create such a lovely ambience. The storyline was simple but done very nicely.The gameplay itself was very enjoyable, to the point that all I wanted to do, was to finish the game (I was really immersed in the game). There were some points where I was confused as to what I was supposed to do, and gotten lost. So that's a minor issue there (one area that had very little indication as to what I was supposed to do - probably my fault).But overall, I definitely recommend this game to players at different ages, it's definitely not graphic for the younger players and it's enjoyable to the older players."
,Recommended,236090,11520299,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Shandle,"Beautiful game with great controls. My only quirk with this game is that the combat can get a little stale after a while. Overall, I would give this game a 9/10."
76561198043917094,Recommended,236090,11521703,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Crimson,"Dust is a good lighthearted game for fans of the action rpg genre (with a bit of platforming).TLDR version: Really fun, lighthearted story/characters, great metroid-vania gameplay and combat, beautiful hand drawn graphics, 8-9 hours for a fair price. 8,5/10 - solid purchaseGraphics: the furry artstyle can bother some people but if you look past that you will see that the game is a gorgeous,hand drawn piece,everything is colorful and pleasing to the eye, character design is nice (enemies tend to be pretty dull though) but where the game shines graphically is the beautiful scenery with very detailed and well made stages with changes in weather and light effects, one interesting thing is that everytime you use the dust storm (the whirlwind move) plants,rocks,droplets of water and itens will fly towards you (besides the itens it has no effect on the gameplay but its pretty neat), the animation itself is really smooth and fluid and goes really well with the rest of the game.Sound: the game has an incredible voice acting crew that brings the characters to life pretty well, the music and sound effects fill their roles nicely and are fun to hear during all the game (but you most likely wont get any tune stuck in your head afterwards).Gameplay: pretty easy to pick up and play, like most games in this genre it has a light and strong attack (your dust storm) that can be combined to create combos both in the ground or mid-air, plus a projectile attack that can be used to extend them, you can also do quick dodges and parry enemies to leave them open, the combat itself can be really spammy sometimes but it doesnt take away any of the fun, the world and places to explore are diverse, interresting and overall a great example of the ""metroid-vania"" formula executed right, there is also a little bit of crafting and rpg elements that allows you to fit Dust more to your play style (but keep in mind that its a pretty simple system).-but here is my main problem with this game, its way too easy, and i really mean it, the hardest difficulty is not a great challenge at all, Dust is pretty OP, mowing down a whole screen full of enemies in matter of seconds plus the ton of recovery itens that you recieve and revival stones means that you are not gonna die so soon (or at all).characters and story: I wont go into detail here (and end up spoilling something by mistake) but the cast of characters can be described pretty accurately as very likable with a few funny moments here and there, storywise is a really simple one, which goes well with the light hearted nature and tone of the game but nothing exeptional.Overall this game is pretty solid purchase for its price, that can keep you entertained for a good 8 - 9 hours, 10 - 11 if you are going for completion.8,5/10"
76561197984857020,Recommended,236090,11524255,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,kevtherenegate,Dust is a great aventure action game with a good story. Really enjoyed the playstyle and the aventure even if I found it a little bit too easy on normal difficulty.For those use to play these kind of game there is 2 harder difficulties to challenge you.
,Recommended,236090,11526093,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,PDawgWoolf,This Game Is Amazing! It Is Hands Down One Of The Most Beautiful Games I Have Ever Seen! The Voice Acting Is Amazing Along With A Very Interesting And Intreging Story. I Would Recommend This Game To Anyone Who Wants To See What An Indie Game Is Truely Capable Of.
76561198073365927,Recommended,236090,11423684,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,BoredomKnight,"Do you like Muramasa : The demon blade ? Or do you simply like metroidvanias with Beat'them all and RPG element in which you kill enemies so fast, you have no idea what are you doing with the buttons ? You will definitly love this game ! A little short though, I'd really like to see a sequel."
76561198042470656,Recommended,236090,11426983,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,WelschNoodles,"Great game, wonderful side scrolling action, with great characters and an engaging story. It is a wonderfully done game that packs a lot of fun. I can only recommend it."
76561198141646976,Recommended,236090,11431712,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Satanihælvette,Highly recommended game. Entertaining and easy game play. Have not enjoyed a game like this for a while.
76561198098437848,Recommended,236090,11438439,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Touqee,"A beautifully designed game.  An intriguing story, some interesting side challenges, but most of all FUN.  As others have said, the combat system could be more challenging, besides being a button masher.  While this genre is typically not one I play, I found myself enjoying Dust: An Elysian Tail more than others.A full recommend to play."
76561198022224964,Recommended,236090,11441400,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,PixeLED Monster,"This game has a great story, the gameplay has that metroidvaina  feel to it as you can reply certian levels and get to areas that you couldn't get before without a certain ability, though you do have to get through areas you already been in order to get to those places you couldn't get to as there is only two entrance/exit to each level.My only complaint (though it may just be me) is that;(on window) the game seems to glitch alot on the world map (the game's fast travel macanics) and the last level of the game. The screen will randomly tare up and slow down the game, which does get anoying when fighting the last boss.and (on linux) the game will crash, give me a long code that i cannot copy, dispite it saying ""copy this!"" in the error box every time i go to the in game setting.Other than that, its a great game"
76561198129521240,Recommended,236090,11442455,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Kiki,"A very colorful and attractive style of gameplay and backgrounds. Out of all games in the furry genre this to me is by far one of the best. The voice acting and fighting just blows me away. Even if you are not into the furry style and just like action side scrolling games like the old days, this game is for you. I yet to beat it, only just started but I think I could play again and again."
76561198051308936,Recommended,236090,11443832,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SirRust,all i have to say is this is possible one of the best games ever. as well as it only being made by a single man over the course of 4 years plus others for voices and music.
,Recommended,236090,1691070,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,🍌,"Furryshit, weak story, bad voice acting, but damn does the combat feel nice. Good."
76561198037023177,Recommended,236090,4429895,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Onkel Somb,"A single person did THIS??? Man, your'e... or even better!!"
,Recommended,236090,8521111,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,🐾foxinator 🐾,bluudi pörrös are too dämm cute!
76561198092065417,Recommended,236090,8521900,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SoS (Piney),"Cute game drawn in an anime style.  Amazing considering that one person did it all.  Has a bit of humor, decent platforming, nice movement, and all your basic adventure elements with character progression.  Definitely recommend you play with a controller."
76561197970582726,Recommended,236090,8522375,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,cazychel,"Dust: An Elysian Tail (Nth Review)Yes, the art is a matter of taste in it's Avatar-like western manga-style and if you truely cannot handle this or anthropomorphic characters, you either have to get over it or deny yourself one of the single best action platform brawler RPGs for PC.Because this game is fantastic in more than one or even two aspects:1. It has a perfectly working keyboard and mouse control, also everything actually *is* controllable via mouse - unlike dozens of other ports. It is responsive, intuitive and fast.2. It has professional voice-over and a beautiful soundtrack.3. It is ported from X-Box Live flawlessly, giving higher resolutions, better textures and all the graphic options one could wish for.4. It was mainly developed by one single guy, Dean Dodrill, over the course of four years (only sound and voices were brought in externally). Which makes everything even more impressive. Its polish, its smoothness and professionality.This game all in all is a wonderful adventure with a good story, mostly well written characters that have depth and personality and a ton of side activities like hidden treasures, challenges and side quests. With roughly 10 hours of gameplay it is also pretty long for what it actually is; that is a single playthrough with not all treasures found or side quests done.Verdict: Very recommendable!"
,Recommended,236090,8523399,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,FriendGaru,"I would recommend Dust, but with significant reservations. It's certaintly a very beautiful game, the artwork is consistently lush and attractive and the settings are varied and colorful. My hesitation in recommending this game comes down to the combat. It's responsive and has a good feel to it, but ends up feeling very shallow. The vast majority of combats pretty much come down to repeating some very basic techniques over and over again until everything is dead. Execution of combat has enough visceral appeal that it never becomes awful, but it does become a bit of a slog. The RPG elements are also on the shallow side, equipment and character growth are limited to pretty much just making numbers go higher without much need for consideration. The platforming also doesn't quite pick up until the very end of the game. Although you get a handful of abilities throughout the game, they never really enhance the exploration beyond a few well highlighted additional paths. The double jump significantly improves the experience, but comes much too late.In the end, it's a well put together game that is highly boosted by its artwork, but held back from greatness by the shallowness of its mechanics."
76561197977863137,Recommended,236090,8523790,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dragons_impact,"A very Beautifully hand-drawn and high detailed animated, combo injected, humor underlined piece of art! The spectacular effects shaking and rocking the screen while you slash through your enemies lets you feel like the Dante of the Looney Tunes world!Though the character artworks may resemble the old Looney tunes, it is pulled off in a very cool way and sits very well.for the price, it is a clear thumbs up!"
76561198096484441,Recommended,236090,8524681,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ArmoredBishop,Fun and fast-paced
76561198031400889,Recommended,236090,8524976,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ty1134,My favorite game by far in 2013.  Stunningly beautiful graphics and gameplay.
76561198035180750,Recommended,236090,8525121,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,tre,Great game.  Nice story.  Beautiful game.  Only downside is if you play on casual mode you cannot customize leveling up.
76561197993813576,Recommended,236090,1497178,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Nycteris A,"This game hits all the right notes. Wonderful characters, fun to play. Play it!It's one of the only games I have ever completed, and I may go back and play it some more/again.Charming art, characters with personality, lots of hidden secrets and areas, no complaints from me."
76561198044532345,Recommended,236090,8492055,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NoNameNeeded,"I started the game without expecting too much and was blown away.Dust is a gorgeus game. It looks extremely pretty. The gameplay is very well thought out and challenges vary enough to prevent it from getting stale. Some of the Charakters are truly enjoyable and consistently well written and the voice acting, while a bit stiff at times, adds very well to their personality.If you enjoy action RPG's, Hack and Slash games or even just having an occasional laugh thanks to some realy quirky characters I absolutely recommend Dust to you without reservations."
,Recommended,236090,8492734,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ostrich Necked Cunt,"This game is brilliant, it has a long play time for an indie game. Both the story, art and music are amazing it's well worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,8492979,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kinny_Manuell,"I'm not one to immediately get a game when I see a Trailer, but this one caught my attention.I am very happy to report that the game was worth not only the Sale price, but the full price too!It took me three days of haavy playing, but I managed to get nearly 100% on the game and I enjoyed every minute of it!I fond absolutely no problems with the game at all, so I can recommend this game with no worries at all!"
76561198041603864,Recommended,236090,8492990,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Semightus,Wow.. Just wow
76561197995874765,Recommended,236090,1650222,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Alistair,"This game cant get enough publicity. Its beatifull backdrops are hand drawn. Those backgrounds and all the coding was done by ONE guy. A huge amount of passion and effort went into this game. As long as you still have an ounce of your childhood still with you, this game is more than worth your time."
76561198070530708,Recommended,236090,8494647,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DemFreshBallz,"This game is amazing, if you're looking for a really good action packed fantasy RPG this game is perfect. The only thing that would make it better is if you could find/craft new weapons. 8/10"
76561198047598733,Recommended,236090,8495061,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,¥¤MäŃเäĶ99,"a ""must be played"", easy to grip, smooth from the beginning to the end and an exciting story.well-done9/10- when you start this game, you must finish it."
,Recommended,236090,8495277,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,kzb,"I'll rate it as 9/10,Graphics are awesome, but when it comes to the cutscenes the animation is terrible. :(Gameplay is fine and all, controls are like easy to manage, no confusing combos to do.Playtime is just right, less than 15 hours finished the story.Story is AMAZING, (I want to spoil, but I can't)"
76561198024380039,Recommended,236090,8446334,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Crimsonlord41,"One of the best indie buys since Bastion! Story, gameplay, graphics, music...this game excells in all. Highly recommended! (but have a clock nearby, it's easy to lose track of time)"
,Recommended,236090,9658848,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Lucian Canad,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of a kind, a true gem shining in the sea of indie game developing. The story is wonderful, the art is fantastic, the dialogues little below perfect, and the gameplay is just a ton of fun.Dust himself, to say it shortly, is a total badass. 20 monsters in the screen at once? Piece of cake. 30? Child's play. 40? Puh-leeze! And the creators mixed the exact amount of story and character into the storm of sword strikes. He's emotional, caring, funny and mysterious, with a great backstory to go with it. The Sen-Mithrarin concept is so creative I might just steal it sometime I'm writing.Fidget steals the spotlight all the time. Either she's making you bust a gut laughing or clogging your eyes and nose from emotion, and she's so darn cute you want to squeeze her into putty. And Ahrah fulfills the role of guide and mentor perfectly.The rest of the characters had understandably little space in a 16-hour game, but most of the time you are able to understand and relate to them. There were one or two I wish were given more screentime, especially Haley.The gameplay is very well balanced, with exploratory platforming that'll make you scratch your head wondering where the hell that treasure is or how do you get to it, and ploughing through hordes of monsters is a fun experience you hardly ever get tired of. The only shortcoming of the gameplay aspect (hell, maybe the whole game) is the small combo library. You gain access to Dust's whole melee arsenal before finishing the first region. I would have liked to see more combinations and versatility, even though you never get tired of using those handful of combos you're given.All in all, 4.999999999999999999999999999999999999 out of 5. A game so good for this price is something no one should miss."
,Recommended,236090,9666921,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sterlingheart,I have played many RPG's and Hack and Slash type games over my many years of gaming. This game is easily one of the best I have played. There is almost nothing that this game doesn't do perfectly.
76561198051879775,Recommended,236090,5557232,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Jhawk ❤,This is a beautiful and astounding game that I believe deserves a lot of attetion.
,Recommended,236090,9709069,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Jetairliner100,Buy this game. It's about as good of a hack'n'slash as Bastion.And Bastion is insanely good.
,Recommended,236090,9694815,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Radiant Glyph,"I love a good hack-n-slash platformer, so I really do love this game :D The mechanics and overall gameplay are quite nice, but the visual style of the entire package is just amazing."
76561198045243728,Recommended,236090,9700236,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,SHINOBI STEVE!,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE!
,Recommended,236090,8684750,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Eternal_Terje666,"This game is currently blowing my mind. Highly recommended. Original gameplay, fanastic mechanics, tolerable story that only gets obnoxious once and a while."
76561198027388146,Recommended,236090,8686479,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TheAppetizer,"This game does everything it's supposed to and does it right.  The combat (which works perfectly with a mouse and keyboard, or probably even just a keyboard) is intuitive and makes you feel so incredibly awesome as you string together attacks to take down dozens of enemies.  There's a decent variety of enemies, but I never even got tired of fighting the same ones repeatedly.  The rpg elements take back seat but work well; leveling up or getting a new piece of gear is always a nice bonus, but you will never have to micromanage or spend half an hour deciding on an ideal build.The game has a captivating story, a great soundtrack, memorable characters, and some beautiful environments that the changing weather really brings to life.  The dialogue can get a bit cheesy, but it always does a good job of conveying emotion, plot, character, and a healthy mix of comedic relief.I'm kind of in love with this game and highly recommend it.  And Fidget is pretty much the most adorable critter that's ever critted."
,Recommended,236090,8686541,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cronerator,This game has a beautiful art style. Combat is very simple but entertaining and not boring at all.Good story and funny side quests. Voice acting is quite good and the music is awesome.17 hours of gameplay which I'll never forget. I enjoyed every bit of it.
,Recommended,236090,8686568,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,PrimusGamer,"Pretty cool game. Graphics are nice, controls are superb, and it has a lovely story! Combat system is almost flawless :)"
,Recommended,236090,8638965,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DongBong,great game for passing the time great art and story to it too
,Recommended,236090,8609338,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Stalker,"One of the best games I ever played. An amazing fairy tale with nice story, great visual style and balanced game mechanics. Only minor drawback I can notice is quite simple and repetitive combat system. Still, I would say it is 10 out of 10. If you do not hate anime-like style and 2D games, this one is highly recommended."
,Recommended,236090,8609448,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"I fantastic side scrolling RPG. The simple level system makes it simple to upgrade without unbalancing your skill set. The main draw of this game was defintely the artwork. It is BEAUTIFUL. Like gorgeous. If you are someone who feels that games are artwork this game is for you. RPG's also need to have a good story, Dust's story is a very simple cliche that is fun. It is a simple idea that is done well and backed up by fantastic gameplay and art style. The world is also surprisingly big for a side scrolling RPG. There are 2 problems I had with this game, the first being your AI partner, Fidget. She was useful in fights but every time you had to talk with her you wanted to kill her, and the combat does get a tad stale after awhile with a limited number of combos. Overall a game worth playing, only takes about 3 hours to beat main quest, but the side quests add a lot to the game without making it seem padded. Good game, play it, buy it when it is on sale again."
,Recommended,236090,8611754,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,zero.delta,"A very good game!  The visuals are nice along with the combat, and it has a very nice hand-drawn feel.  The story is also relatively good, although it is a tiny bit basic, but the characters themselves are memorable!"
76561197988403614,Recommended,236090,8611966,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kez,"After playing Dust for around a day straight I have to say it's compelling. If you are looking for a perfect game this can keep you entertained for hours. A few important notes is that this game partly relies on acquiring new skills to access new areas and treasures in early ""dungeons."" This definitely increases the play time however can get repetitive over time. To balance this is the always visually engaging fighting sequences. The developers definitely strived to make combat fun, fast paced, and enjoyable.Definitely a worthwhile game time wise and content wise. If this is on sale definitely buy it without a second thought. Even at full price the game is worth it. Honestly, A reasonable full price for this level of content and polish is at least $20 in my opinion."
,Recommended,236090,8613929,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,SkyWolve,"This is a fantastic looking game, with a smooth and easy combat system, and a great exploitative element. It has very well done npc conversations, quite silly and fun characters, and is plenty of fun. It does have a strong focus on platforming and exploration,which is fair warning for people who don't like that."
76561198035995399,Recommended,236090,8615810,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MattExMachina,This game is beautiful. And it plays as well as it looks. Hours of fun with a good story. You must play this game.
76561198079904958,Recommended,236090,8640114,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,gfedsshadow,great story and gameplay i rate it 8/10 only lost s points was because it needed to be longer!!!!!!
76561198003609901,Recommended,236090,8641519,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Robjnack,"8.5/10 - Superb 2D action game with a good combat flow, a nice map system and a fun treasure hunt."
,Recommended,236090,7200025,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Elf509,Dust is a great story filled with many RPG elements that let you choose how to be the hero with two souls. Amazing I will play this over and over again.
,Recommended,236090,9074145,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Volk-Oseba,"2D game with platforming, RPG, and hack-and-slash/brawler elements.  The graphics are simply beautiful-- the animation is incredibly smooth, among the best I've ever seen in a game.  4th wall breaking and video game references are all over the place, but it's better to experience that in game rather than spoiling it here-- and once the story starts to get serious, this adds to the impact.  The combat, while enjoyable, can get repetitive, but that partly depends on whether you choose only one method; between fidget's projectiles and all the different melee combos at your disposal, switching things up should be no problem.  Overall, it's an excellent experience, and leaves me wanting more."
,Recommended,236090,7416030,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Zip,Now that I've beaten this game it is clearly one of my all time favorites. I highly recommend anyone who is interested but has not yet bought this.
,Recommended,236090,1667080,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Harley Quinn,Awesome game. Beautiful graphics. Excellent controls. Wonderful story thus far. Haven't got this into a game in awhile.
,Recommended,236090,9039503,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Doo,"This game is by far one of the most beautiful I have ever played. It fits this description in its aesthetics, story and gameplay. Every part flows seamlessly from itself to the next and helped create one of the most memorable gaming experiences I've ever had. My complements to the devs!"
76561198091902074,Recommended,236090,12010827,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,mrpower84,"A fun, run and slash platformer. Not sure if it fits in the metroudvania category as there's nothing overly complicated about this game. Puzzles were minimal but the story and gameplay were grand. Nice and smooth fighting mechanics, too.Advise: Start on the hardest difficulty or there's really no challenge."
76561197999232219,Recommended,236090,12014325,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Troutmonkey,"Good platforming, fun combo based combat. Good story and amazing art style. Simply beautiful"
76561198013770000,Recommended,236090,12110769,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mirori,"A truly beautiful game. And the music is to die for. The game plays alot better than expectation's, and is worth the money. Dust An Elysian Tail can truly be called a beautiful masterpiece."
,Recommended,236090,12111334,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Lombart,dust get high and rescue super meat boy. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,1422872,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,BeesOnTheTrain,"Brings back nostalgic metroid-vania style gameplay with a decent story line.  For 15 bucks on Steam, not a bad game at all.  Graphics requirements aren't high, so I was able to big screen it to my tv from the laptop and play it with a PS3 controller using the Motioninjoy application.  Good luck and happy gaming!"
,Recommended,236090,12124017,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Beautifull art.Nice BG Music.Simple story.The gameplay is interesting, but I miss some more fluid movements.A little mix of hack 'n slash with RPGNice game overall."
,Recommended,236090,11941867,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,OneUpTheXtraMan,"Buy and play this game. NO! Shut up! Buy it and play it! It is awesome. The animation is AMAZING! The voice acting? Top notch! The plot? Good enough (its no hamlet, but hey, most things aren't) I do recommend a 360 or equivalent controller, as this game works better with it, but, I have not tried it with the keyboard. It is awesome. You owe it to your self as a person who plays video games, to play this game. SHUT UP!! Buy it now!!! Its like an arcade game, but your character has a sword instead, and kills things.I just beat the game. And it is still awesome. The ending filled me with the feels....so many feels..I hope there is going to be a sequel. The plot got deeper after I played more of it. Well worth the 15 dollars for this game. Especially if on sale. But, that's just me."
76561198092966750,Recommended,236090,12122885,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Mr.Sandman ^OvO^,This I game was amazing from beginning to end. Definitely worth playing.
,Recommended,236090,12123032,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,PinkChameleons,"This game is truly a masterpiece. I had so much fun completing it, and the controls were very simple and easy to use. My one complaint is that after you defeat the final boss, you cannot go back and finish the rest of the quests. Overall though, a really great game! 9/10"
,Recommended,236090,12104052,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,RedfoxJ,"While the game isn't flawless, it is very close to being the perfect game in its genre."
,Recommended,236090,11935204,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,mwyeoh,A nice short game with good mechanics and great art and voice acting.My only disappointment with the game is that evadedashing cant be done with a doubletap of a direction key (It is done with a separate button).There were a couple of bugs with two cutscenes though. They seemed to overlap with the regular conversation (You saw the subtitles of both situations playing on the screen)
76561198054945559,Recommended,236090,11935267,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SaftblandarN,10/10 Resident Evil 4 Merchant Quote :D
76561198116225147,Recommended,236090,11935988,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Fligleflorence,"Well what else can i say that has'nt already been said. The Good; The game is very beautiful and plays very well. The characters are really fleshed out and uniqe. The graphics for battles are extremly fun and at times intense, not to mention unbelievably satisfying. The maps are pretty well done, powers make you feel more and more experienced, and bosses are challanging and fun at the same time. and how can i not mention the traveling salemen. If you don't really enjoy this character by the end of the game then i don't know.  The nitpicks; of course no game is perfect but for me these are more small things. just some nitpics.While the cutscenes are pretty good i actually felt that it may not have been nessesary. it does seem that the buget and time went into the gameplay more than the last 3 cutscenes at the end of the game. For some reason it felt like they didn't really need to be there. The game was really good at telling the story without them. Also...i hate to say it but figdet at times breaks the fourth wall a little too much. She is very cute and not too annoying but whenever she makes a reference to the gameplay or storyline it actually starts to drag me out of this world thats been created. Overall this game rocks and is def worth the money. Give it a try for yourself."
,Recommended,236090,11936330,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,orange juche,"I beat the game in 1 nine hour playthrough, not 100% or anything, I still have to finish about half the sidequests and find a bunch of treasure, but this game is amazing, had me hooked from beginning to end. Very worth playing and you should definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,236090,11937987,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Light,"Honestly one of the few games of this style I truly enjoyed. It was beautiful, stunning, engaging, sad and yet comedic at times. Story and gameplay wise well just kept me enjoyed through the entire game.From it's light-hearted but sorrorfull story telling I really liked all the characters from Dust(the main protagonist) to Fidget and Arrah his two adventure companions. The combat was basically just some combo's and extra spells that can be combined into large and fun combo's. I'll probably play through this game again and again so I can enjoy this beautiful game. I reccomend it whole heartedly and wish that more people knew about this game.Overall, you'll fall in love with it and enjoy every second your in the world."
,Recommended,236090,11938174,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Anubis Wôlfclàw,"Its a good game, started on the lowest setting to see the story line, prob. a good game for beginner gamers like little kids and others of the sort :) Fun all the same."
76561197970291212,Recommended,236090,11938897,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Psychohead,"You don't need me to tell you that Dust looks gorgeous. Just look at this thing. Holy crap. Dust is a visual treat, and on that alone almost merits purchase.The story seemed a little thin, with the characters and plot never really grabbing me. (Full disclosure, I did not finish the game. Maybe it picks up in the later part of the game? No idea.) The gameplay is like a stripped-down Devil May Cry, so you probably won't have too much trouble getting through it, but also means it's not terribly challenging. The music is pretty good, and the voice acting ranges from stellar to dismal.Definitely recommended if you're looking for a nice meaty indie action/adventure game, but hardcore action fans may find the gameplay lacking."
,Recommended,236090,11939806,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Oreas27,A good looking game with wasd controls. In my opinion totally worth 14.99. But if you can get it on sale for 2.99 I would also recommend that too cause why not?
,Recommended,236090,11939896,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FlatScreenNinja,"Wow .... just wow. Bought this cos I only had 2.50£ on my card and saw it on sale but omg. Been playing it for 2 hours straight. I can only say amazing things about this masterpiece. Tight and fluid controls, beautiful graphics and just....wow. 15/10 will be recomending"
,Recommended,236090,11940364,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,montraic,The battles in this game are a blast. Possibly the best side-scroller I have ever played.
,Recommended,236090,7330787,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Jerkop,"This game is genuinely fun to play. The story is pretty ok, but the fact it was designed and written by pretty much one person is incredible for the production value. I highly recommend this game, it is everything good about independent games."
,Recommended,236090,9725293,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,KumaDrew,"This game is simply amazing! Wonderful music, beautiful scenery and awesome combat! I recomend it 10/10. Though the jump mechanics are bit...sticky XD"
76561198035502572,Recommended,236090,9731164,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Pickles,"Truly amazing game. The music alone pulls you to fight creatively and pushes you to play more and unravel the mysterious story which is also very interesting. The graphics are delicious and the overall quality of the game is fantastic, by far one of my treasured steam games."
,Recommended,236090,9737012,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,awhaleable,"I honestly wasn't sure how much I'd enjoy the game once I played it for a while. The art style kind of turned me off. I stuck through it anyway, and while it isn't a masterpiece, it was actually still quite enjoyable. I'm glad I didn't quit on this game.The game's weakest point is the artstyle. Right now you're thinking ""What? but look how smooth everything is! Those gorgeous backgrounds and that slick action!"", and I whole heartedly agree with that. When you're playing the game and figthing enemies, the game looks and moves FLAWLESSLY. The backgrounds and environments are really well done and are filled with color. The game looks straight up gorgeous on these points. But when the game stops playing and tries to move the story along, it looks quite unappealing. There are moments where characters exchange dialogue and their words are displayed next to a close up of the character. My apologies to the artist when I say this, but my first thought when I encountered one of these was ""What is this, Deviant Art?"". That's really the best way to explain how it looks. My friend walked into the room while I was in a conversation in game, and literally the first thing she said was ""Why does it look like deviant art?"". I was not even aware she knew what deviant art was before she said that. For those who don't know what I mean, I'm saying that the art (character design mostly) looks very amateur. There are also animated cutscenes towards the end that also look cheap and amateurish.  I acknowledge that it's mostly due to the indie nature of this game that these flaws exist, however, it doesn't excuse them for me.It's a shame that the art style looks so inexperienced, because the voice acting is really quite good! Honestly every character is voiced really well and all the lines are delivered the way they were intended. My least favorite voice would have to be Fidget (the flying bat girl). Her voice always comes off as someone trying to sound small and cute. It just doesn't fit well, or her lines are too corny for it to be enjoyable. Otherwise, good job on the voices all around.The story is kind of meh. I didn't find myself particularly invested in anything. The game definitely tries to pull you in with some (really) sappy cliche'd moments sometimes like trying to make you feel bad that a character dies or something, though these moments were hardly effective. I feel like this is, again, a fault of the character design/ art style. I just couldn't connect emotionally with what I was seeing. There are moments of intrigue occassionally that'll gain your interest now and again. While the story wasn't anything too noteworthy, the end game is pretty well done. The drama comes off quite effectively towards the end. It's a shame that the cutscenese can't properly convey the same emotions the voices do.The gameplay at first seemed fairly simple and repetetive. For the most part, it stays that way the whole game. You don't unlock more combo's only some new moves that can mix things up a bit, like a spin attack in the air or a new power for fidget. As repetetive as the combat was, I never actually felt bored playing it. On the contrary, the fighting was honestly always fun and pretty much the highlight of the game. Dust moves so smoothly and controls very well. He also looks pretty cool when you're pulling off the right moves. The levels are designed in a metriodvania fashion, though you never have to do any backtracking. Backtracking is reserved for finding secrets which there are plenty of.All in all, a worthwhile game. Not breaking boundaries by anymeans, but what it aims to do, it does well. Try the demo and if you like the gameplay and can withstand the artstyle, you'll likely enjoy the actual game."
76561198110495358,Recommended,236090,9740248,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Alanbaked,great game beautiful art style nice combat skills
,Recommended,236090,9435871,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Indigo,"Although the Disney-esque setting may be a turn off for some, I love this game. The player character moves fluidly, the music and environmental art and creature animations are all fantastic, the game has a healthy difficulty curve that steadily ramps upwards, it has a wide variety of areas to explore and fight in... honestly there is so much to credit this game with, and it compares so well to AAA titles from medium-sized art-game studios, that it's almost impossible to believe that it was done by a single guy.You read that right. Humble Hearts is one guy who spent four years of his life working on this masterpiece. This man is my hero. It is amazing that an individual was capable of all of this content, design, and programming; everything except the music and voicework. I've seen teams ship games with what I consider to be significant, fundamental flaws in controls, level design, and difficulty. PAX 10 entries routinely have glaring issues which are only overcome by the sheer novelty of the experience, or originality of the idea. It would be easy to set Dust: An Elysian Tale against the likes of Muramasa: The Demon Blade, a title by Vanillaware, which employs 23 people. Muramasa is actually a similar game in many ways except for setting, and in many ways Dust would hold its own in that comparison.I simply cannot devote enough words in praise of Dust.However, lest I lead you astray with honeyed words and hero worship, I will mention some things which may be turn-offs for some.Myself, I appreciated the Disney-esque characters and setting, but as I've mentioned, it will not appeal to the uber-bros out there who need everything to look jagged, horrific, dangerous, and/or generally unpleasant. The combat in Dust is not very technical, and even with the many varied environments it can, on the odd occasion, feel repetetive. The default difficulty is not overly challenging, but that can be adjusted for players who are looking for a less forgiving experience. Not everyone will like the sidekick who accompanies the player on their journey, though they may appreciate the moments in which the game pokes fun at said sidekick, which start early and come often. Finally, while the voice acting is competent, it has its weak spots and will not win any awards.But in conclusion, I can only repeat myself: I love this game."
,Recommended,236090,4026496,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SoulFear,"Smooth combat, good controls and fluid animations makes this one a winner.The art-style and graphics in this game are just superb.I had a blast with the game from beginning to end. Pick this up, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,236090,9443198,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This game looks nice and I am sure it has a nice story.  However it is definitly not my kind of game.  I can't say much about it, other than some friends I know spoke quite highly of it."
,Recommended,236090,4959079,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Impératrice Rook Luck,"Dust: an elysian tail. 10/10 would play again.this game was made over the course of 5 years, by a single guy (he got help for the voice acting and music) all of the art was hand drawn and self programmed, written directed produced, etc.the art style was absolutely georgus, there was several times during my playthrough that i just stopped and admired it. the voice acting was superb, better than 90% of the fancy, well funded titles (why do videogame voice actors usualy suck? :L )the main plot was a little cliche, but still extremely entertaining and moving. The sub plots were where the writing shined though, the sub plot with bopo and his father in the town of mudpot, or crazy cora and her husband, both of those gave me chills, and i was almost in tears, i might have been except im a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.the gameplay was, not the best, ive played better, but it was still /extremely/ fun. as far as i can remember, its the only hack and slash ive played, not really my genre of choice, so i cant compare it very well, but there was a few times it felt a little like a button masher, most of my playthough i was just hitting random buttons and it got me through ""most"" fights without much difficurlty, though some guys i really had to pay attention to my attacks with.my only complaint with the game, is the item management, there was no way to ""Sell all"" to the store, instead you have to manually click the arrow to get it to go up 1 at a time, and there was little purpose to keep them, throughout my playthrough i found very few blueprints for items that i ended up using, and those few blueprints used even less items, leaving me with hundreds and hundreds of useless items.id say if thats my big complaint it did pretty damn well. certainly worth the purchase, and this game squirmed its way onto my top 10 games of all time list, possibly my top 5"
,Recommended,236090,4298947,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,misanthropic_ape,"I've waited for this game since around 2008 or 2009; I can't recall exactly when I first saw it.  In my opinion it has been worth the wait.  The gameplay is perfectly smooth with a PS3 controller or Logitech F710 (have tried both with great success!).  The control is fast, responsive and fluid.  The combos just flow easily and the feeling of crushing your enemies is very satisfying.  I love the art and music as well.  This game's assets have been crafted with taxing vigilance the likes of which hasn’t been seen since the golden age of Squaresoft.  Buy this game, because you have, and will continue to pay more for far worse."
,Recommended,236090,4959545,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Shine Darkly,"While the voiced acting can be atrocious at times, the combat in this game is hella fun. You get almost all your abilities from the start so you can hack♥♥♥♥♥♥up from the get go, and the combat system is so easy and fluid enough that you can pull off the nuttiest combos. But oh god let me talk about the voice acting... every line of dialogue is voiced, it's tolerable at times but eventually you'll want to kill Fidget. It's like they gave it the worst dialogue just to hear it in that shrill annoying voice, uuurrrrrrrrrhhhhrrrrr."
76561197999951311,Recommended,236090,7400972,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Dracan6,"This game is a must! It has something for everyone, 'unless all you play are lame Madden and CoD type games.'  Great story, great action flow, and simply beautiful! It also surprised me with it's re-playablility. Once I finished it on Normal setting, I went straight to Hardcord mode to unlock 100% of the achievements. (The only game that I ever have.) It's def one of my all time faves!"
,Recommended,236090,9422817,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,RMNiels,"Awesome game! Beautiful story and graphical design! Characters are awesome and unique. For a low price, a high quality game!"
,Recommended,236090,216694,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Lemar Haven,"Just finished Dust by Dean Dodrill. I want to know EVERY project this guy gets his hands on for the rest of my life.  A story reminiscient of Disney at it's finest, an art style that's gorgeous at every turn, and action that's satisfying and glorious.  I cannot say enough good things about Dust.  Buy it for PC or Xbox NOW if you have any interest in action games whatsoever."
,Recommended,236090,9590941,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DeLuman,"Very good platforming/metroidvania type game with a fun combo system.  Voice acting was very good for a cast that I've never heard of before, music was also a strong point.  There are some criticisms I could make, but most of them are nit-picky.  Either way, don't make the same mistake I did not getting this game for a while because it looks too ""furry"".  Overall I'd give this a 4/5 and a recomendation to buy."
76561197978904780,Recommended,236090,9581215,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Grape,"It's so good.. oh god.. the music. the combat, FIDGET<3 everythings awesome :D"
76561197972557951,Recommended,236090,9410509,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,JackWhite84,Well i love this game its fun has tons of action good story i think and im impressed that it was done by one guy.
,Recommended,236090,9416324,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DemonDraconus,"So..... Dat title may be off putting. Maybe just a little. OK, the title is misleading, but after you buy this game and dig spend a good hour or to playing this little diamond in the rough, then yeah, it is a masterpiece. This is one and possibly the only steam game that would be my favorite on here. I haven't really found much else on here that inpressed me soo much. This... and Portal 2."
,Recommended,236090,9623812,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Wesgoat,"Truly a remarkable game, one that I would love to experience again. Great graphics, a beautiful plot, and good old Fidget."
76561198046229574,Recommended,236090,9624009,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Kane,one of the most visually and mechanically polished idies on Steam.
,Recommended,236090,11914733,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Pr0fPyr0,"A well written ,Delightful button bashing combo."
76561198118684986,Recommended,236090,11914963,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,bokerschminn,Wow great art style it reminds me of Odin Sphere and GrimGrimoire which I love
,Recommended,236090,11916969,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Slapdown,Great hack and slash game with a great soundtrack and smooth gameplay.10/10
76561198042643953,Recommended,236090,10478995,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Pyro Squirrel,This game is an amazing metroidvania made by only one guy which lasts about 8 - 13 hours and its a joy the whole way through.Go and give this guy your money now...
,Recommended,236090,11917963,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,✪ Bitch Lasagna,"I really enjoyed this game, I like the smoothness of the controls and the artwork is fantastic. The game is really well done, and if you're considering buying it, you should get it."
76561198093528654,Recommended,236090,11918251,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Xenoblade_Nerd,"I-I don't know where to start. This game is just...perfect. The only thing bad about it is the fact that there isn't a sequel. I'm serious, that's it! Gameplay and controls run extremely smooth, so platforming isn't hard. Neither is combat! Both feel so, I don't know, different. But in a good way. They make it to where it's not just another rip-off game, like all the FPS games out there. (Except Portal and Half-Life) The artwork style makes it just feel so immersive and enjoyable, to where I actually stood for a while in the beginning of the game just looking at the background. The storyline, without a doubt, is just epic. I mean that both in the slang term, and the fact that it sounds like a Greek epic. One thing I can't get over, though, is that the NPCs actually feel like they have emotion and feelings. You talk to them and they all have different accents and talking styles, and they say more than 1 sentence. Humor is also present in this game, and your sidekick actually is enjoyable. You like her right off the nimbat. (Pun, pun, pun) Honestly this game would be a 100 on my rating, because it feels like nothing ever before. But why are you still listening to my rambling? Buy this game! especially at it's low costs!"
,Recommended,236090,11919003,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lilt,"Looks pretty and is on offer this weekend. It's a side-scrolling beat-em-up RPG and one of few Microsoft games that's on Mac and Linux too. The gameplay and action are pretty good, the cut-scenes are a little annoying but they are skippable."
76561198099052976,Recommended,236090,11919085,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Darkoda,"Dust is a pretty fun game. The graphics are quite nice and crisp (except for a couple of animated cut scenes sadly enough), the gameplay is solid and the story is actually pretty decent. That and Fidget and Dust are awesome. It doesn't have that much replay value outside of getting 100% on everything, but that's generally the case with platformers anyway.A note though; if you're good at platformers, you might want to start at hard difficulty; once you work out the level and dust mechanics (which the game does take the time to explain), it's not very hard to wreck face on the majority of normal if you know what you're doing."
,Recommended,236090,11919134,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,<Dash/>,"Hand's down, the best action RPG that I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,236090,11951540,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Viporion,"The game is just great to look at and the playstyle is easy to get and play.The story line is filled with nuggets of humor. Your free to do what you whant when you want. Provided you got the needed upgrades.While at some games the sidequests are a hinder, these blend in with the main game perfectly."
76561198041528126,Recommended,236090,11952716,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Seatoaster,Loved this game. Finished it in 3 days. The story is amazing.
,Recommended,236090,11953245,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Alexztralz,"Beautiful and awesome game~!It's definitely worth getting it,to story enthusiasts or to just action/rpg fans,both will somply love it~ xDThe soundtrack,the controls,the design,everything in this game is great and gorgeous in my opinion~ :311/10"
76561198042383879,Recommended,236090,11954373,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ikkeheltvanlig,"A beautiful story told through simple but beautiful Flash-like animations, with incredibly fast-paced arcade-meets-RPG sidescroller platformer beat-em-up action. Maybe the most responsive and satisfying combat of platformers ever."
76561198011969715,Recommended,236090,11955051,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Discipline Daddy,"Dust is the game you are looking for when you want a game that constantly gives you upgrades that are quickly overpowered by the mob in any given area; then you quickly get more upgrades. It's a game where you struggle at the start of the area; and are a monster overlord by the end of it.Lots of hidden treasure to find - in a Metroidvania sort of way.If I had to pic a down point of the game, it's that it's too easy. The enemies, and especially the bosses are super easy to kill. The game compensates for this on the higher difficulty levels by giving them more HP, and making them do beaucoup damage to you; which, in my opinion, is a cheap/lazy way to up the difficulty. That said, I really had a good time. And the fact that I would die in 1 or 2 hits one ""Tough"" changed the game in a way that forced me to play like a badass.I give it 8 out of 10. It's really solid, and really fun despite its minor problems."
,Recommended,236090,11955406,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Coolez,"Artwork; amazing. I love it plenty. I liked the gameplay, considering that I pretty much love all those side-scrolling platformers out there. I haven't gone very far, but I like the game where I am right now. The story actually progressess, and while sometimes the voice-overs gets to me, I still love it anyhow."
76561198049914348,Recommended,236090,12090018,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Karneth,amazing game i would recomend this game to anyone
,Recommended,236090,1766919,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,AlchemistMayCry,"I have bought this game twice now: once on Xbox Live Arcade last summer, and now here on Steam. And I still believe it to be well worth the asking price. It's a fantastically executed Metroidvania with fun combat, beautiful artwork and animations, and an excellent soundtrack. I thought Dust wouldn't get its due on the XBLA, so seeing it available on Steam makes me happy, since it might be able to get an audience now. Highly recommened and well worth the price."
76561197994262585,Recommended,236090,12096186,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Zenkerdus,"Good game!You fight enemies in a 2D plane like a beat-em up with some RPG elements. I wish there were more different kinds of attack to use, or combos. Equipment seems to add alot of stats, which might make Dust abit overpowered. I tried highering the difficulty, but that seems to only affect their attack stat; of what i could see. I might give higher difficulty another chance.Bosses were too easy.It's fun to look for chest's and solve bomb puzzles.I were impressed by Dust's animation outside of cutscenes. It's a nice looking world to traverse in, too.I'm not a big fan of the artstyle otherwise. The art of the characters are not top notch and looks like fanart to something else.It's a bit weird since everything else in the game seems polished. That didn't stop me from enjoying the game, however, and the characters can be enjoyable to listen to. Not sure i can totally accossiate with them though.Sound and music is good.I recommend this game! Get a controller if you can't handle keeping track of many keyboard buttons."
76561198094088745,Recommended,236090,12096771,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jake,"Really rather enjoyed this one.  A good storyline, fun gameplay, an overall good looking game, and smooth animations throughout.  I thought the controls were a bit screwy at first, but you become used to them fairly quickly.  Some of the mechanics need work (auto-saving and pressing ""up"" at merchants to talk both sometimes need you to bring up the inventory screen for a sec, or just wait a few seconds, for them to trigger, light level changes also have a tendency to lag behind where the character), but really, it doesn't detract too much from the game.  In fact, I enjoyed it so much on Normal, I'm going to play it again on Hard, and see if I can't unlock those last four acheivements!  :-)"
76561198032672030,Recommended,236090,4138614,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,TheOrganicCell,One of the best side scrolling games in years! Has action/RPG elements! Reminds me of Castlevania SOTN! Well worth the price and enjoyment!
,Recommended,236090,8543181,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Meditari,"A truly fantastic game. It isn't the longest, but the combat is simple and fun despite becoming a tad repetitive towards the end. The story is compact, well written and urges you to push forward to find out what will happen next. There is also a decent amount of side quest along with the main story to add a bit more weight to the game.Definitely worth checking out."
76561198047137833,Recommended,236090,8543936,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,oapy,"One of the greatest games I have ever played it is truly awsome. The setting, the story, and characters are all truly unique and I hope that there is a sequal."
76561198077776723,Recommended,236090,8544646,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheLonePanda,"This game beat all my espectations, and they were pretty high. First off, it is a port from an xbla title but plays so well on pc I didnt need to remap any keys. I didn't even use my mouse! I sat on the couch with my keyboard the whole time.  The combat is a bit repetative but if you play on a high dificulty it never gets boring or tedious.The voice acting is better than most games including AAA titlesThe story is actually worth playing the game for, and the characters are likeable (even the flying neopet surprisingly)The sidequests are rewarding, not just fillerAll of the animation and scenery is absolutly gorgeous. Im a huge fan of digital art and the game would have been worth what I paid for that alone, given that I got it on sale.Plenty of content. I spent 15 hours and only finished one playthough with very little level grinding.So is it worth paying full price for this game? Absolutely. In fact, I picked up more than one key when it when on sale just so I could share what I thought was a great experience. Easily as enjoyable as top notch indie games ive played such as braid, limbo, and world of goo. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8545565,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ibaudia,"The word ""flawless"" comes to mind when playing this game. Seriously, just buy it. It has to be seen to be believed. (If you have a computer that appears to be under the minimum system requirements, don't worry. Mine is a little bit under (2.66 ghz) and I ran the game on its highest settings at around 45fps with no lag spikes.)"
76561198064748880,Recommended,236090,8546027,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zednanreh,"Damn good game, wish I had a 360 controller to play it with"
,Recommended,236090,8547048,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Spanish Inquisition,"Incredable simply a stunning game 10/10 for music, game play, story you will never find a better 2d rpg simply amazing"
,Recommended,236090,8547327,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mikey!,Top 3 of 2013 for me! Absolutley spectacular game on every level! Loved it the whole way through.
,Recommended,236090,3490643,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Captain Karnage,"Absolutely wonderful game in every possible way. Art design, gameplay, music. Hard to think this was made by one person."
,Recommended,236090,8548036,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Searinex,"Awsome gameplay, very well done character development and story.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,8671605,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Coderdood,Very nice game! I finished it wanting more.
,Recommended,236090,8673065,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,CAYLHRC,This game is quite mysterious you should also check this game out it has an RPG feel to it unlock many skills side quest and regaining one's lost memory I rate it a 10/10 you should check it out :)
,Recommended,236090,8674398,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sexy Pear Butt,"I liked it. The art style and gameplay remind me of Odin Sphere on the PS2. The combat is floaty but somehow satisfying. The story is clichéd but the voice acting and dialogue made it fun. My one complaint about the game is how grind-y it gets at the end, especially on the harder difficulty."
,Recommended,236090,8679233,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dosh Biff,"This game is excellent. I hadn't really played a 2d platform combat game, however this one got me hooked. Very responsive controlls, great combat, lovely art style, good story line and the music is just beautiful, very immersive and really complements the location. Nice upgrades and new abilities and decent gameplay lenght. This game is definetly worth playing. 8.5/10"
76561198052665540,Recommended,236090,8432847,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sephrinx,One Thousand Hit ComboSlash until my eyes cried bloodTalking swords are rad
,Recommended,236090,8432894,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,❀ Maxx,"This game was actually quite fun for a single player. Although it's only worth if you buy it on sale - the storyline is too short for the full price. For anyone who likes hack and slashes with flashy skills, I think you'd like this game."
76561197993952711,Recommended,236090,8433582,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,spectralwolf70,This game is awesome!
76561198095979385,Recommended,236090,8433851,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Airborn Turtle,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in great
76561198046280130,Recommended,236090,8433949,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Altamix,"Great game. Dust: An Elysian Tail is a side-scrolling action RPG. The story revolves around a mysterious character known as Dust and is supported by his ""sidekick"" Fidget as they seek to stop the genocidal campaign of General Gaius. I was quite surprised with the quality of this game. I was even more surprised when I found out that a majority of this game was created by just 1 person. So major props to the creatorTo keep this short I'll just list the pros and cons of the game...PROS:-Exciting fast paced combat. It is a hack-n-slash type game-Introduction of new gameplay mechanics in each new stage. This keeps the game from going stale.-A decently written story that wasn't all too predictable. It isn't very deep, but was entertaining enough to continue playing.- People who enjoy games where there is a treasure hunting aspect will be excited to find all the hidden goodies.- As you gain new abilities, you can come back to old levels to explore previously unaccessible areas.-Multiple sidequests to partake.-The voice acting is decent. The character of Dust is voiced by Lucian Dodge, who does a good performance with the character of Dust. The regular speaking voice of Dust is decent but Lucian truly shines when he gets angry.CONS:- I praised the combat before because it is easy to master, but the downside is that it is sometimes TOO simple. You can easily repeat the same combo or techniques to defeat 90% of all enemies. It isn't till the end of the game that the enemies become more difficult, but even then it just means that they take longer to kill and you have to press the left mouse button more.-Fairly short. The game took me less than 30 hours to complete and that was because I used most of my time collecting treasure. If you pick this game up and you  rush through the story in one sitting you could beat it in around 10 hours or even less.-Building off the last point, the game is just TOO easy on the normal difficulty. I could kill almost all bosses in less than a minute performing the exact same combo. If you are going to play this game, play it on the highest difficulty for it to be a challenge.-The cutscenes look... decent at best. Remember how I mentioned that most of the game was made by one guy? Well, that includes the cutscenes. It looked like a major task to complete and I don't know the specifics on what it took to make the cutscenes, but they just look... kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥. However I have major respect for the creator to make these by himself. Overall the cutscenes weren't a big part of the game but they did break some immersion.-The story also has some faults. The game feels a little tropeish... the mysterious protagonist, the tomboyish sidekick who picks on the main character, and a villian that is evil for the sake of being evil. My biggest pet peeve with this game was the character of Gaius wasn't fleshed out enough.MAJOR PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD. READ AT YOUR OWN RISK!Gaius's motivation for wanting to eradicate the Moonbloods was just because they existed. There was no other motivation... it was just too easy to make a villain that was ""literally Hitler"". He wasn't believable enough and when I fought him in the end of the game I didn't have any motivation to beat the bad guy other than the fact that the game told me to beat him. Sure, the man almost killed an entire race of people, but WHY? It was  too simple to make a character of that type. Also am I just to assume the Moonbloods were a faultless people? Why should the player trust them? Sure they were almost eradicated, but that somehow makes them blameless? It would have been cool to have a plot twist where the Moonbloods were actually evil as well, and Dust had to make a decision which path to follow, but it was just too clear cut. Once the identity of Dust is revealed the plot seems to go downhill and is easily predicable. The location of the final showdown between Gaius and Dust seems pulled straight out of Star Wars... a volcanic area surrounded by lava. It was really cool but also seemed like another easy location for a final fight.Neither PRO nor CON:- Some people may have an aversion to the ""furry"" art style of the characters. To be fair, I was this way at first. For whatever reason it reminded me of characters from the movie, ""An American Tail"", which shares the same naming scheme as this game. It may or may not be where the creator got the inspiration for this game.Verdict/Tl;drGet this game while it's on sale if you like an entertaining hack-n-slash game with an entertaining story and a load of vast side quests and treasure hunting. It won't take long to beat and if you do play it, play with the highest difficulty setting to make the game somewhat challenging."
76561198043356212,Recommended,236090,4922783,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Dux,"Indie gaming at its finest! Dust is a beautiful, fun, fast paced hack n slash game set in a Metroidvania type world. However the most impressive part of Dust is that aside from voice acting this game was developed by one person. Even knowing that while playing the game is still hard to believe!"
,Recommended,236090,8435834,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,11Sosam11,"Great game, better then expected!"
76561198055931521,Recommended,236090,9046503,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,YamiMarik1994,"Seriously one of the best and not to mention the most beautifully designed game I have ever played. Two-dimensional drawn graphics such as those presented in this game are an extreme rarity nowadays, and this game goes above and beyond to show how amazing such an artstyle can be. Not an exceptionally long game, but the ride was amazing. The characters are all very likable, the soundtrack is quite good, and overall, one of my top ten favorite games."
,Recommended,236090,9047236,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aramor,For a game created almost entirely by one man - truly magnificent!
,Recommended,236090,9047564,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Suros#,"Absolutely beautiful game in story, art, and music. Main characters had lots of depth and the minor ones had more than you'd expect. Combat allowed for some variation in style and was decently complex. If you complete everything in the game, it'll probably take a good 12-18 hours depending on skill level. Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,236090,9033261,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Eldiablos,Exellent game wish there was more like it. Loved everything about it.
76561198018245737,Recommended,236090,9034679,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Klaanesh,"Absolutely fabulous game. The voice acting, controls, music, level design, and combat are all superb. Definitely worth a buy"
,Recommended,236090,9039822,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Kurgan,Yea great game.. I felt like I was playing a Disney movie but a kick butt rpg..oh yea and its metrovania type rpg
,Recommended,236090,9028360,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ibneko,"So I picked up Dust during a sale (had heard about it from various webcomics that I follow, and I'm a sucker for anthropomorphic characters).  Didn't really know what to expect, but was mildly surprised at how much I liked the game.It's your standard 2D side scrolling slash-and-kill adventures, with a very mild bit of crafting, RPG quests, etc, thrown in.Not too much replay value, unfortunately, but I'm glad I bought it.  Definitely enjoyed the 15-ish hours I put into it.  (Steam says 20 hours, but there's definitely a good chunk of time when it was open, but minimized, because I got distracted, but didn't mind the music.)Loved:- Dialogue and voice acting.  Fidget was my favorite, especially her response to Dust and the sparkly sheep.- Music.  Buying the soundtrack, I think.- Watching that combo meter rise.  Go, numbers, go!Didn't like:- Blueprints that I collected would just sit around in my inventory.  *whines* I want to sell them or get rid of them or something.  Also, why can't I craft and sell at a profit?  (Not like gold mattered that much anyways - I gathered quite a bit of gold by the end.)- Mac client is a bit quirky - the game would close, but not actually exit.  Had to force quit to shut it down.- It has an ""autodetect"" for the mouse, but I actually found that annoying.  At times, I would navigate using the keyboard, then find that when I wanted to click something, my mouse wouldn't be available until I clicked.  But that click would actually register, so if I was on the shopping screen, I would usually end up clicking an item.  Minor gripe.- Leveling up involves a giant, vertical beam of light that shoots down the the sky and knocks things away from you.  It's a bit disconcerting when you gain the exp and level up as part of talking to a villager.  It like, ""*BOOM*  Woah!  WHAT THE..?  Oh, I leveled up."""
,Recommended,236090,2041090,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Cody48er,"A surprisingly good Platforming/Action side-scroller that sort of came out of nowhere.Dust takes what it lacks in raw weapon and attack variety, and makes up for it by having an extremely fluid combo system and effective chain building between your sword and special projectile attacks (Fired by your floating, wise-cracking companion).   Trading off swings and a ""Whirlwind"" attack with your sword, with sucking up projectiles to fire massive volley attacks at your foes.    Attack with the sword to build charge, clear the screen with Whirlwind+Magic attacks.Combat aside, the game features a better story than one might expect from a platformer/brawler.  Numerous likeable characters dot your path through the game, facing your character with conflicts and suppressed memories as you progress through to discover your past.   The personalities you encounter throughout the game range from serious and heartfelt, to light hearted and wise-cracking (See your companion)--Offering a good balance of good times and bad.The game's story and side quests should give you 12-15 hours depending on how skilled you are; Fleshing out to 20 or so hours if you decide to go on a collection spree, and wish to complete the various (Optional) challenges in the game.  Exploration is rewarded with better gear, which essentially equates to stat upgrades.As a PC port the game excels, having a slew of graphics options and offering uncompressed sprites/cutscenes for better quality.   I've been told it plays well on KB+M, but personally found a controller more favorable.    Having purchased the game at launch, I felt it was worth full price and potentially even more. One of my more enjoyable gaming experiences this year.PS: If for some reason you're avoiding the game because you see ""Ew Furries"", well, you're missing out on a quality game and that's your loss. It's stylized in a cartoony manner and appeals with very friendly character personalities."
,Recommended,236090,6729475,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Neochrome,"Beautiful indie masterpiece, made by just ONE person in a course of four years, plus one year porting to PC, everything works perfectly. Can't describe it better than Total Biscuit did...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taRJkbnEgK4"
,Recommended,236090,9052013,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,DanC.,"Awesome game, Good story (well except a few things, mainly to do with the blacksmith chick), gameplay is fun, you can choose to button mash if you want to on lower levels but there is a sense of accomplishment when you beat an enemy using the method you were meant to instead of just using you  magic and dust storm combo to pelt the screen in white balls of death.RPG elements leave you wanting, the crafting system is alright. Just need some decent way to grind for gold.Great character design, took me a while to get used to the voice acting but after I adjusted (which was about 5 minutes) I love the heck out of it especially Fidget. Character development is good, art style is awesome. If you need a fix of plot with enjoyable gameplay, go for this. You wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,236090,9053056,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,CrackerMan,"Fantastic. Inredibly well designed Symphony of the Night style scrolley choppy. More linear than SotN, more visceral and fun combat, less varied enemy ai/strategys. Looks stunning, real immersive level of detail and some really charming secrets. Absolutely loved it."
,Recommended,236090,9054689,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Zephyr Umbra,"this has to be one of the best games i have ever played. great story, great artwork, and amazing gameplay"
,Recommended,236090,3834423,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Dᴏᴏɢᴇʀ,I can proudly say that this is only the second furry hack & slash game I spent real money on
,Recommended,236090,9352955,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,SvRommelvS,"With gorgeous, hand crafted visuals and lovely music, Dust: An Elysian Tail could manage a recommendation on its astetics alone. It goes a step beyond that, with tight combat and a wonderful Action-RPG / Metroidvania game world to explore. It is an easy recommendation that all experience the travels of Dust and his nimbat sidekick Fidget as they fight to save the world of Falana."
,Recommended,236090,4320236,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,IblisGinjo,"Dust is a great game pure and simple. Everything shines in this action RPG. Well worth it and extremely fun. A refined version of the 2D action games of the past without all the frustrations. Buy it, play it and thank yourself that you did."
76561198075222163,Recommended,236090,6787823,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Artorias,"otimo jogo, e super bonito graficamente."
76561198034548504,Recommended,236090,9358549,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,bluescreenodeth,"Game looks great, plays smooth, and it has furries.  I havent gotten that deep into it, but I can tell its better played with a gamepad.  Playing with keyboard/mouse does not do it justice whatsoever."
76561197998410113,Recommended,236090,9369978,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,The Power of Pine-Sol,"This game satisfies all the criteria I want in a game like fluent action, RPG elements, fantastic story, exotic locations, great difficulty curve, secrets, and oh my lord the music is phenominal.  I ache for these qualities and Dust: An Elysian Tail rubs all of the areas just right and won't even accept my money when I try to tip it, that's now nice it is.There's a heavy Japanese influence here but the characters don't jabber on forever about themselves and when you do have to listen to characters converse it's well written and most of the time very funny.  The anthropimorphic animal creatures are engaging and are characterized perfectly and the anime style of their interractions feels like a good anime that I get to play a role in.  The campaign will take several sittings but isn't too long and it won't take you hours of grinding to get max level which is lovely, it does it's job and doesn't overstay it's welcome.  There is plenty of replay value here and (for me anyway) will be a game I will play through and beat at least once a year.In the action/platformer genre, it's as good as they will ever come."
76561198037733522,Recommended,236090,4474460,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,BluJayGamer,This game is just.....awesome. Its beautifully drawn and runs smoothly. The combat system is REALLY responsive. I've never been one for side scrolling button mashers but this game was really great.
,Recommended,236090,8618662,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,AsuraBlade,"An absolute gem, and one of the best games I've personally played in years. Fast, fluid, and polished, simply put the quality of the gameplay is top notch. The graphics are drop-dead gorgeous, and the sound perfectly compliments the lush, detailed, and colorful graphics. Finally the story is equally as good as the prior, not the best in the world, but certainly could bring a tear to your eye by the end of it. I could recommend this game in the highest confidence to anyone who likes Metroidvania-style exploration coupled with hack' and slash gameplay. Just be warned, yes this game is rather childish-looking if that sort of thing bothers you, but that still shouldn't push you away from this amazing game. Highly recommended."
76561198027694641,Recommended,236090,3811398,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Tonari no Totoro,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a Metroidvania style game. It's a sidescrolling RPG adventure where you play as Dust, a turquiose, wide-brim hat wearing rabbit (I think?!). The story is fairly well hashed out and I felt engrossed watching Dust trying to figure out his past. The world is georgeous. All the backgrounds, characters, stages - everything, is hand drawn and animated. The world could have been lifted from a Disney movie.The combat in Dust is fairly good. Comboes look flashy, movement is very fluid, and controls are extremely responsive (my God is it responsive). There's a neat little crafting and levelling system where you can customize your equipment and stats. It's not too extensive, but for a little indie game, the customization is alright.What amazes me about Dust is that this game was mostly the work of one man. Just one man did all the visuals (art, level design, animations, etc) and programming while bringing in a small crew for voice acting, story, and music. It's clearly a labor of love and it shows in the gameplay.My biggest gripe about this game is that the boss battles are laughably easy. Most will fall with a few combos. But there are 6 ""Challenge Arenas"" where you can dive into an arena, battling all the monsters while trying to take no damage (it's pretty tough at higher difficulties), which in my opinion, makes up for the boss battles.This game is worth it's $15 price tag. And if you have the patience to get it during a sale...OMGBBQ GETITNAOW!!"
,Recommended,236090,7753379,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jesus_Phish,A pretty fun metroidvania with enjoyable combat for the most part. The final level is a let down compared to the rest of the game but it's still worth playing if you enjoy metroidvania's.The music and art style are both enjoyable but the voice acting is a bit hit and miss.
76561197989732915,Recommended,236090,1232266,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,★Cybon★,"""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" is simply amazing.But that is much less than it deserves, Dust: An Elysian Tail has a ridiculous amount of detail put in to it. The combat is responsive and tight. The animations and the artwork is stunning and the story is funny, satisfying and cute but classic. The voice acting even though done by indie-voiceactors really good and well presented. The world is rich and rewards exploration and experimentation, it's very much a metroidvania type of game. It is a joy to play. It also has the best pc-port that I have ever seen. To think that this game has been made by one guy is just crazy, it makes me think that bigger dev teams are just lazy as hell. IT DESERVES ALL OF YOUR MONEY!"
,Recommended,236090,7753895,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Vante,"I almost passed this one up because it looked like furries. It is furries. Side scrolling hack and slash over the top combo furries. But the animation is quite good and the gameplay is satisfying. Music is enjoyable, levels are somewhat interesting... lots of secrets. My only complaint is there's a lot of running around and backtracking. Backtracking after you get a new move (eg double jump) is annoying. Some enemy attacks always seem to take you down to 1 hp. Which is better than dead I guess. Healing items are a huge money sink, healing could have been handled better. Dust satisfies my button mashing controller itch."
,Recommended,236090,30434950,Posted: 10 March,all,Vladkins,"8/10 - Pretty sidescroller with light RPG elements.+ Gorgeous artstyle to enjoy as you're navigating the various environments+ Novel gameplay mechanics+ Polished effects, weather, lighting, characters, voice- Skinny on the gameplay - very limited action skillset- Story is quite PG, bit hard to follow"
76561198043404042,Recommended,236090,7456482,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Twilight Angel,"Dust was excellent. The gameplay was fun and I was always curious to see just where the story was heading. I did have some issues with the cutscenes because only half of them would appear, but I managed to fix it by upgrading my graphics drivers. I enjoyed the characters and art style they had going for this game.  If you like hacking and slashing your way through stuff then go for this one."
,Recommended,236090,12062702,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Lofwyr,A high quality Metroidvania style game. Fantastic artwork and design. controls are fluid and responsive.A greatly enjoyable game with  quite a bit to do.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,236090,11982176,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Northian,"A Game Worth Looking into and Investing Your Time into itThis game is the type of game that is sort of simple to control, but the game is far much more than that. The game is surprisingly truthful, when you defeat an enemy they just don't get knocked out, but they really do die. Which adds so much more weight to your decisions and how you carry them out. It may look a little cartoonish when you first look at it, but I can tell you that this game is far from cartoonish.The story is one of the best parts, because when playing the game there are several moments you have to stop and think about what just happened. Plot twists and reveals throughout the game make it so that the story is never dry, you always want more. The combat is as fluid as the story. When you want to swing left and then do a killer combo move to your right in a split second you can do that. The fighting never dulls and the more powerful you get, the more fun it is to be put into combat.I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes a good story and likes a good looking platformer.Also this game has Fidget. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,12004097,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,SpaceCheetah,"Man, I am so satisfied with this game. I originally bought it for the art style but now I think the fighting style and everything is awesome. The only thing is I have to turn the dificulty up to hardcore or its way too easy. But on hardcore it becomes like a side scrolling darksouls. By that I mean that most any enemy can kill you in a few hits. I love it because you cant just hack and slash anymore, you have to think about what you're doing and if you slip up you have to start back at a save point. I guess it isnt as hard as darksouls because there are more frequent savepoints but still. 9.8/10"
76561197978116633,Recommended,236090,7737024,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,bad_at_dota,"Really enjoyed this game.  I can see why it won all the awards it did.  Good story, though no big surprises per se it was still well executed.  Same with the gameplay, level design, art, music and animation.  None of it ground-breaking but all of it extremely well executed.  Cute, funny, touching, and fun.  Can't ask for more than that."
,Recommended,236090,11878054,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Nomad,"Very beautiful and fun game, a must try! Even if you don't like it's only $14.99 so no real amount of money is lost."
,Recommended,236090,11878504,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ℒℴ𝓇𝒹 𝒦𝒾𝒷𝒶,"I don't think I could've brought myself to write this review without exploring every inch of this massive game. In all honestly I am shocked, I looked at the previews and I promise you that none of them do this game any justice, this game, has great graphics, A+ story line, great music and was developed with common sense. If you like story books, this is for you. If you like Cats, this is for you. If you like swords, this is for you. If you like cats wielding swords flying through the air like a mother♥♥♥♥ing phoenix I suggest that you stop reading this and play this game. 10/10 will NOT disappoint, it's much better than you think it is, I guarantee it."
,Recommended,236090,2533102,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Haljegh,"Beautiful graphics.  Honestly the best looking game I've ever played as of this writing.Decent controls.  Every attack can be cancelled in multiple ways, always keeping you active.Some game systems are underwhelming, and there are a few frustrating/unfair areas.  Even on the hardest difficulty level, Dust tries to be fair to the player; save points are frequent and running over one autosaves.Tons of stuff to find, you'll have to backtrack to collect everything.The boss fights are quite underwhelming.  Unfortunately, there are no endgame/optional bosses.  Endgame is silly, your companion can be stacked with damage multipliers, 1-shotting anything that isn't the final boss.Up to 20hrs of gameplay on hardest.Also,  every character is some kind of furry..."
,Recommended,236090,2707603,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,ElectronicPhoenix,This is a MUST PLAY RPG!!
,Recommended,236090,4775415,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Downtime,"Dust is, in a word, amazing. Simply outstanding. It has been a long time since I've played such a remarkable platformer. It caters to every aspect of what makes up a good game. The visuals are sharp and beautiful, complemented by the grand, fantastical soundtrack, which both work in tandem to create these big, lush environments that perfectly match the tone of the well-crafted story. It's a classic tale, to be sure, but it still succeeds in taking the familiar and making it unique, clever, and memorable. The cast is colorful and lively, resulting in natural interactions that really help to establish the world around the characters. The humor is genuine and witty, the intense moments are properly gripping, and the two never clash. Every event has its time in the spotlight and gets its due attention. And when the climactic parts take the stage, they truly steal the show. It was at these highs that I felt the most astounded.But, of course, there's the gameplay. The wonderful, flowing, visceral mechanics that really complete this epic. The eponymous hero, Dust, controls like the warrior you've always dreamed of. He's agile, acrobatic, and swings his sword with ferocity and grace. The controls are intuitive, combat always feels rich and rewarding, and I never felt a cheap death or a fight unfair. If anything, the fiends in this world never stood a chance. There's nothing more satisfying than cutting through hordes of enemies, launching them to the heavens, and sending them into oblivion with the combined power of sword and sorcery. You really feel the gravity of every power, ability, and upgrade you get, and it's great to backtrack and rediscover new places in secrets in old maps. And even better when you're clever enough to discover them early! The game never lets you down or leaves you bored, or wanting more than it can deliver. It's fun, challenging, and cinematic. Dust is worth every cent and second invested in this epic tale."
,Recommended,236090,11852270,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tripleforce,Dust: An Elysian Tail is a truly great game.  It's easy to tell that the people who made Dust put a lot of love into their work.  Combat is fun and fast-paced and exploring Dust's world is a pleasure.  Highly recommended if you enjoy action-adventure and Metroidvania-like games.
76561198130339484,Recommended,236090,11965911,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,xgunslinger1983x,Beautiful graphics and awesome gameplay. Some of my favorite genres all put into one game. Awesome!
76561198079991656,Recommended,236090,12171798,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,jarbelaez,"Beautifull game. Nice graphics, interesting characters, 9 out of 10 for this game. Nice animation, interesting story and the controls are easy and intuitive."
76561198095457236,Recommended,236090,12172768,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Tempist,"No spoiler in this review. In a few words, Dust's strongest points are its gameplay, writing, and art design. The music and level design is also good. The story is the weakest part, not because it's bad, but because of lack of quality."" There, now onto the longer review.Ok, so like I said, the gameplay is great. Dust is smooth, responsive, and feels great. I used a Logitech PC controller and rarely had issues. I think he's a bit floaty when he's jumping off walls, but that only becomes a problem for some challenges. Combat is fast, chaotic, and feels great. The screen can fill up, and become hard to see Dust. This is very true in the final level. But in that case, just do the aerial attack and you'll find yourself falling at the ground real...fast...*SPLAT*....ew.I might have confused you with the writing being strong but the story being the weak. What I mean is the way the character's dialog and delivery are very good, but the plot is lame. I'll talk more about it later. The character are strong, and very likeable, my favorites are Fidget, the Blade, and the shop keeper. I feel like he was a RE4 parody, and surprised he didn't say ""What are you buying stranger?"" Oh yeah, this game is filled with in jokes. There's even a ""Castlevainia 2 Simon's quest"" call back, even if it’s a bit cruel. The 12 friends you can find are basically an Indi game roll call, and a cute way to support the community. And I think that's the best word for the writing, it's cute. Innocent and nice, but can be darkish at times, while never leaving that family friendly feel. That's not to say it is all perfect (the villain is a bore, again I'll save it for Plot), but it's writing that anyone can enjoy.I think all you need to do is just look at the art design to know what I mean. It's simply amazing. The colors, lighting, shading; man everything! It's just breath taking. I like the character designs, and love how everything is an anthro animal. You just don't see that anymore in triple A games. I don't really have a problem with it, but I'm not too picky when it comes to graphics and stuff like this. Environments, characters, animation...it's all very nice. I will say I think the anime scenes (which only show up at the end of the game) feel very out of place. I think there’s only 3 or 4. I would have put one at the start, then maybe one in the middle, and the last two at the end. They just come out of nowhere, and aren’t that impressive compared to the rest of the game. Save for the one before the final boss, that one is awesome. And I’m not going to lie; I think the villain isn’t intimidating at all. I mean, we hear him do a lot of bad things, but he’s no Darth Vader.I'll just say the music was good to listen to while I was playing it, but a bit generic. Nothing really stood out, but it did its job well. It fit the mood, and wasn't annoying in the slightest. As for the level design, I have no real problem with it apart from back tracking. I know, it's a Metroid-vainia game, but I hate back tracking! I've heard people say it’s like ""Castlevaina, Order of Ecclesia"" but the difference is in that game, you didn't have to back track until you got to the final area, because it was huge. It's only hard if you don't know how to use the map, so read the key. Still, that's the main problem, so that's why it takes the hit.Alright, we're here....the story. It's G E N E R I C! Oh god, it's bad. First: main character has amnesia. It's implied he did some bad things before, and works to rede- you know where this is going. The characters do their dance you know they’re going to do, and things will end the way you know they’re going to end. And the villain, oh god does he suck. I don't know his motivation, apart from racism. And it's never explained why he is the way he is. Even worst, we don’t see him >DO< anything! “The evil general cause nothing but death and destruction!” “Yeah? Mind if I see that? And no, the flash back at the start of the game doesn’t count!” And I know they talk about him and another character’s friendship, but we don’t see any scene between them. But I will give credit, the villain may suck, but our hero and his friends are great. Dust despite looking like the brooding anti-hero from most anime, doesn’t whine that much, and is generally a good guy with some funny lines. Has some corny lines as well unfortunately (“Fidget, I think things are about to get a whole lot worst” No kidding?). Fidget is adorable, and sassy. This is never a bad thing. The sword, while not given that many funny lines, is great when he does. But…even this can’t save the ending of the game….ugh. The ending is a huge let down, because you know what is going to happen. There is no suspense what so ever and comes across as just doing the motions. However, I think they might be sequel baiting in the end, and I would love to see another Dust game come out.I can whole heartedly recommend Dust: an Elysian Tail! It's really great, even with the poor story. I would say buy it at full price, or at less at 10 bucks. Anything less would be a crime. I would say you've got a good 12 hours of gameplay, 20 if you go for the achievements. Have fun, and please for the love of god, don't open your eyes if you try to do a Dust Storm. Otherwise you're going to paint the room in vomit."
76561198111056587,Recommended,236090,12176374,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,hazedartist,One of my all time favorites. The artwork is gorgeous and the storyline is phenomenal. I really wish for a sequel to be produced
,Recommended,236090,6124859,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Twitch Fawkes,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fantastic Metroidvania game!It is elegant, simple and to the point. The art is lucious and the music is well done. The combat system in Dust is actually a floating combo system similar to games like Devil May Cry. It is easy to learn at first but hard to master, which is what makes it fun and offers a good challenge.There are dozens of collectibles and side missions to embark on in Dust. There are challenge maps that you can play on so you can try to get the best score on the leaderboards.The game clocks in at about 15 hours on my playtime so there is a lot to do. The story is pretty interesting with some really good voice acting that goes with it.If you want to play something that's easy to get into and looks beautiful on any system, I more than recommend Dust."
,Recommended,236090,12192900,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nessawolfgirl,Detail on animation and storyline is well put and well done.
76561197995723040,Recommended,236090,1639189,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,No Such Thing,Character designs are awful. The rest of the art is reasonably appealing. Combat is just plain fun. Worth the price imo.
,Recommended,236090,12195118,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,VarmsMasteR,"To the developer, This is a GREAT GAME!! Best 2D hack & Slash game. Love the stunning visual but hate the illustration coz  look kinda plain...haha. Plot is nice, sound is awesome. The secret is very damn annoying especially for ppl who don't read the script provided...haha. Wish there were more games like this in the future. Thank You!! Thank You!! for this game. A must in the Collectible of Steamless collection must I Have...hahahahahaha."
,Recommended,236090,6306137,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,hovamoon,"Personally, it is Best Action Platformer Game in 2013"
76561198039234347,Recommended,236090,12221696,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,esunavox,"Had a blast with this game.  Great music, the battle mechanics were solid and overall I had alot of fun playing it.  Definitely worth it for me."
,Recommended,236090,19222952,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Superior Potato™,"There's not much I can fault about this game!!! I went in expecting a light hearted and childish story. But boy! was I surprised. The emotional journey I went through proved me wrong. I am very sad its completed because its over now. The story was very deep and the characters were brought to life through the awesome acting skills of all the cast.I recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story. But be warned, leave a box of tissues on your table if your emotional and/ or empathic because you will cry. I came close on meny occasions.10/10 for this game. It was so good im thinking of writing to the Devs :)"
,Recommended,236090,19224742,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ProtoArix,"One of the GreatsOut of all of the [thousands of] games I have ever played in my life, This one has to be at least one of the top 5.Pros:Great storylineVery in-depthLots of playtimeGood graphicsBest $2.99 I have EVER spentGreat playstyleCons:Difficult for beginnersSo far only 1 cuss word (if you care about that and only 62% through the game)Sometimes can really♥♥♥♥♥♥you offRather long talking scenesOverall most of the cons dont bother people, so I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves action adventure side-scrollers. This is definately one of the best games ever made and i hope this review persuades you to purchase this great title by Humble Hearts.:fhappy:"
,Recommended,236090,19225339,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,s o m n o l e n c e,"Beautiful scenery, enveloping story, visceral combat, and a cute lil' orange sidekick who can shoot fire.What more could you want?In all seriousness though, this is an ESSENTIAL game for fans of the 2D hack-n-slash games. Well worth the £12.I got it on sale for £2.59, but shh..."
76561198096560985,Recommended,236090,19210650,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Rafa,"Pros:-Fun hack and slash-the technique DUST STORM that makes your projectiles go all over the place keeps it funner-you get blueprints to make equipments with items-if you get an item, you sell it and they will sell more of it to you-you never stop getting new abilities-lookks prettyCons:-backtracking to get 100% is a pain in the back-no newgame+ as much as i have seen"
,Recommended,236090,19211302,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,IT'S IN THE BIBLE,"I beat the game on the hardest difficulty in offline mode. A beautiful simple metroidvania with unique fighting mechanics. That said however the fighting is more or less the same button spam every monster you come across. But the game is short enough to where it doesn't get dull. There is a limiting mechanic to prevent you from rolling your face over your gamepad too much, but it takes long enough to go into effect that most everything is dead before you get punished. Overall an enjoyably revitalizing experience in the world of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean steam."
,Recommended,236090,19186877,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DerTebbers,"Without a doubt a superb game. The passion and care put into this game shines through. Even your sidekick grew on me, not like that annoying Navi. This game deserves a place in every gamers library. From the storytelling, to the music, to the ""feel"" of the game there are few that I would consider its equal."
,Recommended,236090,5088935,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,MemeSupreme,"This game was an Amazing Adventure! Filled with boat loads of little secrets that you can only get to after you've played through most of the game! Hours of entertainment, Great Voice Acting, Amazing Aesthetics, and Awesome Action!!"
,Recommended,236090,3667346,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Blu3wolf,"This game is amazing. 9/10. ranks up there with Bastion.....features a Bastion cameo, too, if you can find it.the artwork is thoroughly outstanding, with each background a handpainted masterpiece. the voice overs are good, although somewhat over done.overall this game plays very nicely, with a simple but fluid combat system that allows you to wreak havoc!I cannot recommend this game enough, but I can complain that no one recommended it to me!"
76561198048514176,Recommended,236090,19167829,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Firestorm185,A beautifully crafted game with an even better crafted story. The sword slashing times from this game never grow old. Can't wait for the next!
,Recommended,236090,19107458,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Anime Enthusiast,I absolutely love this game and would highly recomendd you take the time to completing the game and to love the characters as i do its well worth it no matter the price tag
76561198076228125,Recommended,236090,19122109,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,casio.microline,Very adorable and loving game that reaches the hearts of the players from it's charector and the story within. Would recomended for playser seeking experience for a good RPG short fantacy story.
,Recommended,236090,19122858,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,QiqilMohSiAqo,This game is an absolute delight! It's a really fun and beautiful game! Must play!!!!
,Recommended,236090,19106424,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,DeafPereira,"This game absolute amazing, I love it.I so happy add this game on my library."
76561198019385087,Recommended,236090,3241244,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Selarious,One of the best games for PC this year.
,Recommended,236090,19087080,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TYS,An extremely well made action platformer with a great story and soundtrack. Highly recommended for all ages!
,Recommended,236090,19087209,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Karen Tendou,"This is a spectacular platformer that I suggest you get NOW if you are a fan of platformers.It has some amazing most-likely hand-drawn graphics.It has nice gameplay and an interesting story.You can also choose to use the combos (which you MUST use sometimes) or just spam the 'X' button (Xbox controllers)You can customize the way you play, if you want to be a defensive person who parries a lot or a person who just slices through all your enemies that works too.Overall I would rate it 9/10, would spam 'X' again."
,Recommended,236090,7698332,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Superscooter,"The character art is pretty deviantArt quality but it's alright. Definitely the tightest and most responsive controls of any game I played, though."
76561197977837603,Recommended,236090,19120905,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,HumbleWarrior,Good game.
,Recommended,236090,19136463,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,rih,"Easily the best 2D platform I've played in years. From the beautiful detailed graphics, to the outstanding gameplay. Desperately waiting for a sequel or the next project from impressive 1-man-studio: Dean Dodrill."
76561198084102553,Recommended,236090,19141597,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Griff,"Amazing.Bought game on sale for $4, didn't expect much... Boy was I wrong. 10/10 Indie game, played Normal mode, now replaying in Hardcore."
76561198107258071,Recommended,236090,19141702,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ax,"I love this game.  It's one of those games I'm never quite going to put down.First, if you're turned off by the fact that the characters are anthropomorphic, don't be.  Fidget is unnecessarily sexualized, but it doesn't interfere, and otherwise nothing smells weird; they just happen to be rabbit cat ferret people, idk.  Other than one implied romantic relationship, this game is refreshingly absent of that kind of tired subplot.  Which isn't to say there aren't tropes (protagonist with amnesia, there you go), but those didn't really bother me.  The story's structured in a way that, other than some obvious plot points, the main mystery is revealed very slowly and it isn't clear at all what's really going on until towards the end of the game, at which point you kind of have to be invested.  It might start off a little weird, but the characters really grew on me.The gameplay is probably the best part.  Dust moves really precisely (I really only struggled when I overcompensated) and fighting feels satisfying, though if you're like me and button mash then you can run into trouble with some of the enemies that require another approach.  Difficulty falls away as you level, and you level quickly, which to me is a plus--there's so much to explore and the story is compelling, and the enemies refresh every time you move screens, so it'd get old fast otherwise.  Still, there's an item you can equip that nerfs your stats if you want, and you can always refuse to allocate skill gems when you level, or just hit hardcore mode and go for it.  There's also a pretty intricate equipment and material system that doesn't just force you to wait for things but also doesn't overwhelm you with stat boosts.About the only thing I didn't like here so much was the references to other games; they got a little obnoxious to me, especially since they eat up four of your treasure keys.  I'd really rather get to the end of a section I couldn't unlock for most of the game and get a cool new item instead of another reference I don't recognize (or do recognize and don't care about).  But you can skip these too.The writing's really sharp.  It occasionally raps loudly and cleverly on the fourth wall (usually from Fidget's direction), but that doesn't really take away from the seriousness of the plot.  I also didn't find anything wrong with the voice acting myself; it's pretty Disney and I like that.  I did think the characterization got a little inconsistent towards the end, but I may change my mind about it when I replay; otherwise Dust is delightful and his friendly antagonism with Fidget is great.  Fidget seems to be kind of hit or miss with some people, and I didn't think I'd like her as much as I do, but she's really the kind of character where you can't get married to your first impression.The game doesn't need to be longer, but I still wish it was."
76561198109640893,Recommended,236090,9097788,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MidknightUmbra,"Furry characters, quirky dialogue, craftable items, sidequests, level system, awesome magic and swordfighting, and an overall beautiful art style. The only negatives I can point out here are that some of the character designs are rather uninspired, but that's just me being picky about the style and wishing this was my game with my characters.This game a lot of fun and definitely worth having."
,Recommended,236090,8703189,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,しにたい,"This is a great game. It's in a style that'll never be outdated, it came out when I was mid-way through high school, and it still looks good. The music is great--Hyperduck did an amazing job adding ambience to the game, when coupled with the backgrounds, which were beautifully made. Just... Everything about this game says yes. Buy it. Now. What are you waiting for? Just buy it, and play it. It's that.Damn.Good."
,Recommended,236090,8761773,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,KiluDoz,Its a great game for those who like games like Metroid or even any platformers. Smooth gamplay and great emersion. Music and presention is amazing.
76561198019552639,Recommended,236090,8763130,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SHYKRACKER,"Its a fun game, mechanically. I like the combos and the fluid animations. The backgrounds are pretty and the music is nice. Its the combat I like the most though.Can't stand the characters. They look and sound terrible. Probably the only thing that keeps me from playing this game more often is having to go through the terrible dialogue.Its a somewhat recommended game."
76561198119519964,Recommended,236090,8763255,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tana Mongoose,"Such a pretty game! Amazing story! Fell in Love with all the characters except I wish dust would have looked a little more intimidating without his hat on. Really looking forward to a possible sequel!! Hopefully they will include Dust, Fidget and  Ginger, but I dont know how they would continue the story with them seeing how they already revealed everything about Dust's past in Elysian Tail, but I don't think it would feel the same without them. I read other reviews and completely agree with the idea that there should be 5 games, one for every blade. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,236090,8764441,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Miles,"Summary: This game is amazing, beautiful, elegant; a definitive example of what a modern action platformer should aspire to. You'd have to be stupid not to buy this game-----------Dust has you predictably playing Dust, an amnesiac swordsman who struggles between his present and past personas. He embarks on his journey with a realist talking sword named Ahrah and an idealistic furry fairy, Fidget. The story is the standard hero arc, fighting mobs and defeating bosses to gain the power to defeat a large evil force. The plot is on rails, as a platformer should be. There is precisely one moral choice, between playing a prank on a pompous♥♥♥♥♥or not, and that's the extend of it. While sometimes predictable, the game manages to strike a few heart-strings, and the ending is very satisfying.The action in Dust is flawless. Attacks and motion are very fluid and enjoyable. Enemies are varied archetypal fantasy mobs. Dust has attacks that will bodyslam enemies into the ground, shoot them into the air, and/or bring them back to earth. On easy or normal difficulties this boils down to button mashing, but you can turn it up to hardcore mode, where many enemies have attacks that take 1/2 or all of your health. At that point, you appreciate the skill based nature of combat. Mastering dodging and blocking are key. Gameplay is of the Metroid-vania type, but with not as much backtracking.The art is the centerpiece of the game. It's simply amazingly well done, and no amount of praise can adequately express how beautiful the game is. Screenshots are an insult; you simply have to see the game in action. Everything is handled with care and precision, even backgrounds, mobs, and minor NPCs. Music and sound effects are similarly well done, even the voice acting. The only NPCs to not get a voice are the most minor of NPCs. Fidget's voice is of note as being particularly grating, however. Still, I can't say it doesn't fit the character, and I've certainly heard worse.Oh, and 90% of the game was done by one guy. Like I said in the summary, you'd have to be stupid not to buy this game."
76561197992002940,Recommended,236090,8767231,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Nikola Einstein,"This is a must for anyone who played 2D side scroller games growing up.  The action is smooth, fast, responsive, and fairly easy.  Several in game nods to other indie games as well as old school classics like Castlevania.  Plenty of ""self aware"" type jokes.  The game gets progressivly harder, so it never gets dull.  There's always something new around the corner waiting to kill you (whether that be an enemy or you own stupidity... that remains to be seen).  An absolutly amazing game."
76561198025425589,Recommended,236090,3632747,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,carrtos,Awsome 2D Game get it its greatCan`t say more
76561198073959349,Recommended,236090,8775688,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,aoirorentsu,"Can't say enough good things.  A little rough around the edges on the Mac port (had a couple crashes at one particular place in the game at one point, for example).But great gameplay, interesting story with an interesting message, and did I say great, great gameplay.  Just the right level of complexity in the controls.There's a lot of good, self-aware humor (""Did you just put that sheep in your inventory?""""Yeah...what?"").  And a lot of challenging level design.One nitpick is that much of the time-extendy-value of the game comes from only allowing you to, say, slide or grip on vines after you've reached later plot points and acquire new abilities.  This annoys me because it forces me to go back.  Others may feel differently about this choice..But, overall, I think I absolutely got my money and time's worth.  Really a great game."
76561198009184624,Recommended,236090,7584144,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,3])linux,Interesting storyline & fantastic art. Controls are also intuitive-mouse and keyboard are set up nicely. Truly is a masterpiece of a game in disguise.
,Recommended,236090,8777211,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Threid,"Fluid animation, fun characters, and an easy-to-learn, difficult-to-master combat system characterize Dust, which was designed and programmed entirely by one self-taught illustrator and animator. The controls are responsive and the environments are varied and engaging. While I wish there were more opportunities to make choices and to explore characters' backstories, overall, I was impressed with the game."
76561198059253734,Recommended,236090,8755884,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,XMKeeper,Gorgeous world. Fun and addicting gameplay. And a memorable story. Dust: AET is one of the best 2D action games to date.
76561198120665414,Recommended,236090,8439797,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Damian,Such a beautiful game and the story really makes it worth the play.
,Recommended,236090,8439934,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zero_IYAD,"An amazing game! the best closure for my 2013 :"")"
76561197983677616,Recommended,236090,984392,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,chrono_cross_maniac,"This game is an excellent blend of Metroidvania-style level progression with Action-RPG like gameplay, including a combat system strongly reminiscent of Muramasa: The Demon Blade.I loved this game from beginning to end; beautiful graphics, excellent combat, great storytelling, and an overall level of charm and polish that's hard to put into words, and even harder to find in games nowadays. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,236090,8440248,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kid Stein,"Absolutely stunning artwork and a fun combat system. While bosses are pitifully kinda easy (atleast so far) and I'm not a big fan of how heavy enemies are handled (parry then kill them in like a single blow), the fun I've had just exploring and staring at the game more then makes up for it."
,Recommended,236090,8440490,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mura,"I love how this game originated in the Indie section of the Xbox Live marketplace and it was made by one man (except for the soundtrack). The single person who made this drew the entire thing by himself and programmed the game by himself. It took him 4 years to do so. I'm glad it won the title of an Xbox Live Arcade game, and even more when it was ported to Steam.I got this game and it handles like a charm on my computer, the controls are great, the plot and the voice acting were extremely well done. If you have $7.49 you should definitely buy this game before the sale ends. Otherwise, it would cost $14.99."
,Recommended,236090,8441106,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ajjb2,Dust: An Elysian Tail seems to suck you in the further you go. The storyline is enough to keep you intrigued and there are several side quests within the story to further the interest and pull you further into the storyworld. The artwork on its own is worth the sale price and the controls are easy to use with a keyboard and trackpad / mouse. If you've been wondering whether you should get it or not - do it now.
,Recommended,236090,8443349,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nadir,"Even though the intended audience might be furries, this is a solid side-scrolling action RPG. I thoroughly enjoyed the gameplay, which gets a surprising amount of mileage out of a simple combat system. The story and voice acting didn't blow me away. They just made me think I was playing an anime. There's not much in the way of replayability, unfortunately. You can do everything (in fact, up to 117% of things) in a dozen hours and there's no reason to go back and do it again."
,Recommended,236090,8443911,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yogi - ıƃoʎ,"Such an amazing game, Well worth the money to play."
,Recommended,236090,8444511,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lazy Owlbear,Excellent game.The story is far more mature than expected given the anthropomorhpic characters. The art style is beautiful and well done.
76561198029045445,Recommended,236090,10049051,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mgslayer,All you need to know about this game is that its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and if you ever want an enjoyable couple of hours this is well worth the pricetag 10/10
76561198079956618,Recommended,236090,10202422,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,vvbb18,"this is a very nice game, i went into this game expecting a great story and as far as i've gotten it seems preety grand, only problem? i'm on hardcore! the explanations of the diffculty were almost calling me out to go on it and gad dom they get me to do it! i'd recamend it to anyone on the sotry alone and you know if you like a massive challenge go hardcore! but remember where the going get's thought the gamer gets cheep!"
,Recommended,236090,2424394,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Angrytiger,Furry: The Game
76561198066351756,Recommended,236090,6440006,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,adamthe25,A pretty damn good game. I;d highly suggest it. Not too long to over stay it's welcome and not as short as some triple AAA game like COD. Easy (controller) fighting that deals with basic loot/ magic.
76561198050751001,Recommended,236090,5496128,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,GentleHandy,This game is amazing! It has a very vibrant color scheme which is hard to find now a days :P the gameplay is a sidescrolling hack and slash but with a really good story on it as well. Id recommend this to anyone of any age.
76561198010228032,Recommended,236090,8953886,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Zelnyair,"Take the role of Dust, an enigmatic warrior who wakes up in a glade one day with no recollection of who he is. Together with the sage Blade of Ahrah and its cute Nimbat guardian, Fidget, the trio set off to explore the magical land of Falana to try and get back Dust's memories.Dust: An Elysian Tail has a lot of Metroid and Castlevania in its makeup. You'll be doing things like backtracking, and finding areas that you can't initially access. You'll have bosses to fight and goodies to find- it's that sort of game. Refreshingly old-school in many ways. The action is more akin to a brawler, however. Something like the Shank games, Odin Sphere or Muramasa: The Demon Blade.Options-wise, the game supports an XBox 360 controller if you wish to play with that, but there are no inherent drawbacks to using the mouse and keyboard over the controller. You can rebind the keys for your convenience if you wish as well. It's like you could barely tell this was originally a console game!One great plus is that colour-blind mode is present, which will give you a text indicator of what colour the gates in the game are (I don't think this is giving much away, but you will collect different coloured gems to open up corresponding coloured gates). It's not something that is a personal issue, but it is hard to see how this would be a bad thing.Another great option is HUD scaling. You can alter the size and position of all the HUD's elements- the health bar etc. This can greatly increase gameplay comfort and pleasure.This is probably the most crucial factor- the game runs smoothly, like warm butter on toast. You have different resolution options, but it ran on my laptop, 4GB RAM, Intel i5 dual core processor, without any slowdown or any performance hindrance that was noticeable. It did not crash once. I can only imagine how well it runs and how great it looks on more powerful machines.It just seems incredibly well-optimised for computers. It's just excellent, in that respect.*Ahem* gameplay. Dust's bread and butter is a chain system. You have a few different sword combos you can perform, as well as Fidget being able to shoot magic bolts. The higher the combo chain you can get without breaking it, the more experience you can gain. Get enough, and you'll level up, getting a skill gem to put into a stat you wish to improve (HP, damage etc). You can also parry and counterattack if you have a good sense of timing, in addition to being able to dodge your enemies' strikes. There's also a light economy and crafting system. You can get some equipment to enhance your stats, and you can also collect dropped items and make them into new equipment.The mouse is incredibly responsive when it comes to attacking, and combat is generally satisfying. You can fairly easily go flying through the air like a whirlwind of destruction! The chain system is something that gives you more reward, more experience, the better you are at it, encouraging you to hone your skills.Beauty is very much in the eye of the beholder, but the game looks gorgeous, in terms of both art and animation. There's a hand-drawn cartoon style to the characters, all of whom are anthropomorphic animals, making look like the best Don Bluth movie he never made. That's meant with the highest respect. Backgrounds have a nice painted style to them like something out of Rayman, and Dust has some idle animations, again, an old-school throwback. It's a world crafted with a lot of love, with lots of different environments and terrain to go through as well. Colourful, but dark when the environment calls for it.The story is generally very compelling and well-written, with one or two twists and turns that you may have not seen coming. It's a script that also has a few game references, but doesn't relentlessly shove it in your face that it's trying to reference something. It's rather sensible and grown-up in that respect. The voice acting is generally well done, also. If you have a discerning ear, you can possibly pick out slight differences in audio quality, but it's nothing serious enough to wreck your experience. The soundtrack, by Hyperduck Soundworks, is particularly exceptional, with music that fits the mood of each area well.Length-wise the game will clock in at approximately 8-10 hours, depending on your pace, but the length can easily double if you pursue all the collectibles and side-quests.In terms of downsides or nit-picking, the game is arguably on the easy side, but you can remedy this if you play on Hard or Insane difficulties. It depends a bit on how well-seasoned with games you are.Another limitation for some is that there is only the one weapon that you stick with throughout. You can't unlock or use different weapons, nor can you unlock different combo attacks. You can get, without giving too much away, new abilities, or variations on what you have, but you can't get a bona fide new weapon or any new combos. The upgrade system when you level up is rather linear- you can put points, as it were, into any skills, but you can't go too far into one stat compared to the others. It's strictly making you tougher, stronger and so on. No new attacks or anything special like that.It's a game that's very much worth your time. You will not regret playing it, I have that much confidence in the title."
76561198008353398,Recommended,236090,8954822,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Psylacus,"Really a good game. Good combat, decent story. Really its all about killin stuff. Make sure you play it on hard. Normal is a little to easy even for those of us who aren't action oriented. Worth picking up ;)"
,Recommended,236090,8958132,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SchizophrenicGamer,"Great game, but I feel I would have enjoyed it twice as much if I used my controller for it. Probably the best metroid-vania style game that's currently out."
,Recommended,236090,8958770,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,decoy_oct,"An okay game. Not stellar, but good for what it was. I beat it once and feel like I've completed it fully. The story is a little lacking, and it's one of those games that knows it's a game, so that can take some people out of it. The gameplay itself is good, and the animations are smooth. If you like the side-scrolling genre and are on the fence, give it a go."
76561198073201671,Recommended,236090,8676416,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ozzkek,"A simple 2D Japanese-type action RPG. While the combat is one dimensional and the artwork isn't great, the overall experience is enjoyable. For those who want a good old SNES/PS1 nostalgia trip."
76561198031033352,Recommended,236090,8849942,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Zoneite,"Easily one of my favorite games. I really recommend it to everyone who enjoys fun games with a beautiful story. Its tough, fun, beautiful, and has great character. 8/10pros: crative backgrounds, lovable characters, insane combat, difficult bosses at time (probably just my skill), good upgrades, and great soundtrackcons: combat tough to get used to, kind of short story (about 13 hourse without sidequests), and some annoying glitches."
,Recommended,236090,548173,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Betty Bea,"Very fluid, involving and SATISFYING combat. Fantastic visuals, save for the avatars which seemed phoned in.Play on Tough or Hardcore, unless you're terrible. If you play on normal the game becomes a joke about halfway through. You are UNABLE to change difficulty mid-game."
76561198004930672,Recommended,236090,8853888,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ģąʙė Ȼřėąŝ¥,Dust was an amazing game. Everyone should be required to play it that lives in the United States.
76561198041465867,Recommended,236090,8378399,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Porthanz,Realy a beautiful game. Love it!
76561197966589969,Recommended,236090,8859052,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Cosmic Fool,A surprisingly excellent game with an interesting characters and engaging storyline. One of the few games that actually makes you care about what you're doing in the game. Solid and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,236090,8860872,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Level 1 Boyscout,pretty good but holy crap the art is kinda bad also you are a furry
,Recommended,236090,7082015,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Aisperwin,For all the Furries out there.. This game has it all. Except big furry boobs. :/
76561198070735962,Recommended,236090,8379778,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Joris,"One of the best indie game i have ever played. Amazing story,great combat.The game looks gorgious.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,19407789,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DieHarder,"If the tone of Jak and Daxter met the gameplay of DMC with the art style of a Philipps CD game gone Super Saiyan 3, you get something pretty close to Dust.This game hits it out of the park on so many levels. The visuals  are what I always wanted every Phillips CD game to look like (though not a single one ever did,) and the gameplay is a straight homage to every grand beat'em up from times of old. Ther are combos from DMC, Cancels akin to to God Hand, and stats that are versatile enough to allow you to fight the way you want to. I wouldn't go as far as to say the item and level up systems are dense, as if anything they are thin and stale, but the primary point of the gameplay is to have the player racking up insane combos by controlling space and using the the crouch attack to cancel into anothr combo or 2 or 3 or 4 or wait a second, was that combo for 1000 hits?!?!?! In that regard, I would say the items and levels give more than they take away. The game does feel rushed and  stale by the final chapter. It almost felt as if they made the last chapter first. The gameplay became much more choppy and the mechanics they introduced became somewhat irrelevant in comparison to the rest of levels. The last chapter made me feel like I was forced to try one or two gimmick tactics over and over, while the rest of the game seemed to invite creativity and unique combos. That being said, I would reccomend this game to any beat em up fan. Overall, It's a blast and a half even with the downsides."
,Recommended,236090,19330077,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rogue,A really beautiful game...
,Recommended,236090,19491795,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Garnif,"Most, if not all, of the story was an emotional rollercoaster. The characters were well written and the art was great to see. I would reccomend this game for anyone seeking a game about a character discovering who he is and doing what he thinks is right.Cons: (You know there had to be SOME).*Rarely, the player will clip through a platform when trying to land on it.*Combat can become a little repetitive at times, but there is a wide enough variety of enemies with unique styles and attacks to keep it pretty fresh."
76561198002315662,Recommended,236090,19532139,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,wallacetothe2,Dust: An Elysian Tail is not to challenging and it's fun to play. I would recommend a controller.
76561198157768965,Recommended,236090,19469141,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,King_Isard_of_Io,"I was pleasently suprised how solid this game wasGreat graphics, easy to pick up combat, and an interesting narritveThe only downside is that Fidget can get a little anyoing at times, pay the game and you'll see why"
76561198079005781,Recommended,236090,19509424,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Yon Swanson,"Fun simple platformer game with a good story. Its a game where you can turn off your brain and just play. Nice artwork. Good for People that dont play a lot of platformers, but want to play a good platformer for once in there life."
76561198049592458,Recommended,236090,19514116,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Fish sandwich,"Pro+ Great story+ Action and controls+ Beautiful art/style+ Amazing soundstack+ Attention to the details and animations (stepping on snow, butterflies from grass etc)+ The easter eggs you can find you will know from various gamesCons- some cutscenes are a bit cheap but it is an indie game- voice acting is decent, the problem is that some charathers has worse voice quality"
,Recommended,236090,705715,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●×°×★Summary Review★×°×Overall Rating: ★★★★★ [5/5]Story: ★★★★★Gameplay: ★★★★★Sound: ★★★★★●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●This is a great indie title and an exceptional port from the xbox live arcade. Also, NO GFWL! All Steam, BABY!The artistic flare and Dragon's Lair-esk graphics might turn off some gamers, but don't let it fool you; this is a beautiful game. And I can't go on enough about the awesomeness of the fight mechanics & combos! This combat system is as dynamic & flawless as the Batman: Arkham titles. The combos are super easy to learn but the challenge lies in choosing when to use them correctly. The dialog is fully voiced by top-notch talent with a story (while not too unique) that pulls you in from the start. And did I mention it's fully functional with a keyboard & mouse or xbox controller?"
76561198044442799,Recommended,236090,19710405,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zejo,Dust: An Elysian Tail. The game is around 12 hours long and every second of it is worth it. Every cent is so worth it.
76561197963213304,Recommended,236090,19709329,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tundraking,"I feel bad that I never wrote a review for this game. Play through a story brave enough to show the writers heart and fantasy, free of the modern irony and 4th wall distancing. The story is also unique enough that there are things worth not spoiling. Enjoy an extrememly satisfying 2D combat system with combos, juggles, followups, throws, and a variety of special skills. The combat can comfortably rub elbows with it's more elaborate relatives, Devil May Cry, or Dishwasher:Dead Samurai. You might find some of the characters or lines a bit cheesey, or annoying, but the characters feel alive and genuine.  The hand drawn art is beatiful and makes me a little tearful for the passion projects you used to find on Newgrounds. Worthwhile for the combat alone, those with a softspot for the animations of their 80s childhood will find even more to love. If it looks at all interesting to you, grab it, you'll like it."
76561198083499405,Recommended,236090,19230112,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SILBERfische,"This game is definitely worth buying. Playing this game means having a great time. The few things you have to expect from this game are:1. A simple fighting system (not too much hack 'n' slash but has some combos)2. Getting filled with emotions (sympathy, happiness, curiosity and more)3. A magnificent atmosphere in every single corner.""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" is the tree in the Steam-forest you were searching for."
,Recommended,236090,19582354,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Führer,One rabbit's a latino/mexican while one mouse's an aussie. Sounds legit.10/10would continue playing the game until I find a black/afro and an asian/chinese animal somewhere on my journey.
,Recommended,236090,19626185,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,{-o-} Jinzo Defiler,"One the first things you'll notice about this game is the art direction in this game. It's one the few games in the 2.5D hack and slash Metroidvania games that isnt just a 8 or 16bit art style. The art style is very reminiscant of the early to late 90's  animation. Things like Disney Afternoon come to mind. Just done with a more modern flair.The gameplay is spot on for this style of game. It controls like it should even if you use a keyboard and mouse. Tight responsive satasifying are the terms I'd use to describe it.The writing in this game is okay its nothing to remember. However with that being said one charcter will stand out. Fidget can be at times annoying if you don't like that cute,annoying style. Me personally I like her.Voice acting in this game is rather hit or miss. Dust is done well, so is Fidget but you can tell who has different equipment and not as much expernice being a Voice Actor in this game.I will mention this game is inspired heavily by the furry fandom as well. However this mainly a taste thing. If you aren't really big on furries you may either love this game or hate it. The only real way to actually find out is to play it.Scoring wise out of 10Art: 9/10Desgin: 7/10Music: 8/10Story: 5/10Gameplay: 10/10Voice Acting: 7/10Overall : 7.5"
,Recommended,236090,19593856,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Yukimizura,"Fantastic gameplay, enthralling storyline, and emotionally captive, a true to form RGP platformer that will have you wanting more even when you finish, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a great game to add to your collection. Worth multiple playthroughs, this action packed game has become one of my favorites and did not leave me disappointed with my purchase."
76561198017342370,Recommended,236090,3095496,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Tezzap,"Almost perfect game.Animations are nice, story is above average and the backgrounds/scenes look well done.   The main thing this game has going for it, is the gameplay. Little thigs like dodging has been implemented as a first prioity. No waiting for the attack animation to finish before dodging.  The combo moves are well done and the game plays excelently using a controller.  Also, you will never find you combos getting out of control.  The parry mechanic is also well done once you cer used to it.Allround Excelent game."
76561197972458321,Recommended,236090,19797296,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chinese Chef,"Absolutely fantastic story, great humor, good gameplay."
76561197979610241,Recommended,236090,19788889,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Noyiz,"Fantastic, great story, combat was fun. Highly recommend!"
76561198042193248,Recommended,236090,7412261,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Enano,An amazing furry tale with lots of action and drama never get bored in this game.
76561198050876031,Recommended,236090,9513886,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ImnotTyler,This game is amazing XD
,Recommended,236090,9536762,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Darksoul9669,"An amazing game with an amazing art style. It's a metroidvania style/beat em' up with extremely fluid and fun gameplay. The story and characters are entertaining and will keep you playing. It does get slightly repetitive but not enough to make the game any less enjoyable. Overall I cant recommend this game enough. It's also impossible to really express how amazing the art style is in writing. Definitely pick this up.As a side note if you've ever played the game Muramasa, this game plays similar to that."
76561198046539087,Recommended,236090,9463704,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,James Oh Burn,"The best looking game I've played on steam. That, along with the incredible combat, beautiful music, likable main duo and supporting cast, and suprisingly solid voice acting for an indie game, turns into one of the best expieriances I've had in gaming. Pulling off combos (most of which you discover by yourself which is something I can appreciate after tons of handholding from lots of current games) is incredibly satisfying and really makes you feel like a master swordsman. I also give this game credit for having the first fairy companion in gaming I actually LIKED. I recommed this for EVERYONE ON THE PLANET. SERIOUSLY. PLAY THIS. NOW. Also as of typing this, the game has sold over 1 million copies. Congrats, Dean."
,Recommended,236090,9538510,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Hellhog,HELL YEAH THIS IS A GREAT GAME HOLY ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,236090,7440731,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,GTX,"Dust is an incredible game to play.Three solid days of playing nothing but this game. That's how much it captivated me in nearly everything it had to offer.While many say top quality in this game is the artwork, ""I"" place top quality on the SOUND of the game. I played the game entirely with headphones, and every little sound was there, from the packing of snow under your feet to wooden floorboards sounding like real floorboards to the enemies and background sounds. So many sounds, but not overwhelming. Couple that with an incredible soundtrack and this game was nearly more fun just to LISTEN to than it was to play.Of course, you also cannot forget the story. While the dialogue seemed a little broken in areas, it still brought forth a compelling storyline while delivering emotion and detail. EVERY voice actor in this game brough top-notch quality of their abilities, whether or not they just had one line or had the lead roles. Nothing was weak.Third on my list of awesome things about this game now is the artwork. Yes, it placed third, and yet it was still an epically amazing sight to behold in the game. It felt as though no detail was left out and the style remained consistent throughout.Controls and Gameplay were very good to me. While I was a bit confused at initially trying to use keyboard (as the game wouldn't recognize my gamepad), it didn't take long to get very good with the controls. Even the defaults were laid out very well. Gameplay was excellent, giving forth a challenge that was fun without being difficult. Even on a moderate (not the hardest) difficulty, I didn't find myself struggling to beat enemies or bosses, however they were still challenging enough to provide amazingly fun battles.If I had to list something I didn't like about the game, it would be perhaps the anime-style cutscenes felt a little out of place for the style, and that I wish there were more attack-based abilities you could get to make your fights a bit more epic, however neither of these take away from the game at all.One of the best games I have ever played. Seriously."
,Recommended,236090,7407865,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,kawaidesusex,"9.5/10Одна из лучших игр что я видел в последнее время. В меру сложная но вполне проходимая (на хардкоре). Приятная история, хоть и немного банальная. Ни разу ни приедающийся геймплей, содержащий как тупое набивание комбо (это плюс!), так и крафт, и очень средней сложности головоломки (и вновь же, плюс, такой игре не нужно заставлять долго думать над очередной загадкой).Сыграйте хотя бы на пиратке. Но как по мне, она определенно стоит своих денег."
,Recommended,236090,9657213,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,NERB_Yimmit303,Very fun fast-paced gameplay. Reminds me alot of Guacamelee and I would recommend it even more if you enjoyed that game as well. My only complaint is that the bomb enemies slow down the gameplay to the point of being tedious to deal with and seeing them means you wont have a good time.
76561197980338057,Recommended,236090,860848,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Enigma2247,"An amazing story, with fun and exciting gameplay. Dust An Elysian Tail will definitely surprise you."
76561198025970869,Recommended,236090,9571274,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,dsap,"This game is okay game. The main character named Dust reminds me of a character I played in Dungeons and Dragons one time because the voice actor is obviously making exasperated sighs at the beginning of every sentence and thats the accent I chose for my Dhampir Magus. I say dungeons and dragons but I really mean pathfinder, I mean, that's what people usually mean these days. This game has alot of furries in it but that doesn't bother me much. I got a rare trading card from playing this game I sold for like 3 dollars so the game actually paid for itself. It was rad."
76561198030365428,Recommended,236090,9571388,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ThermalNeon,"What makes a man ?  his identity or his actions ? this game tries to answer this age old question with a smile on his face and a spinning sword in his hand. and its wondeful as is sounds. of course its not the AAA title with expensive cut-scnenes and tight combat with elaborate combos. it's a simple game but what it does it does well.the story is charming and great, and the fact that most of the charachters are cartoon bunnies makes it even better. It reminds me simpler times and make some nostalgic feelings.the dialog is actually funny and interesting, (and well acted, surprisingly) even if sometimes it's a bit too much.the main ""problem"" in the game is that it's too easy. (for me it's wasn't a problem. some games are easy and that is ok). unfortunatley, this is not a problem you can fix with playing on harder setting. harder modes need to be about smarter and more agile enemies, but in this game it's just mean they make more damage.the inventory system needs a bit tweeking too, it's a bit clunky - for instance, I can't see what a blueprint requires inside the shop, where I need to...the PC port is one of the best I ever seen. video options, mouse driven inventory...why not AAA games can handle it like that?!But the problems are really minor. the experience, as a whole, is well worth your time and money. so get it!"
,Recommended,236090,7519771,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,ShasODerei,Beautifull...
,Recommended,236090,9668575,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jynth,"An excellent hybrid of smooth 2D platforming, skill-based side-scrolling beat-'em-up action, with RPG stats/item/crafting elements, damn beautiful artistically-rendered environments, professional-grade music, and a plot I thoroughly enjoyed. The only thing it's missing is siblings. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,236090,9669216,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MisterRoboot,OMIGOD DIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING COOK HOLY SHIIIIEEEEEET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
76561198030171629,Recommended,236090,9670835,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Paper Red,"Amazing game for sure. Very whimsical and enchanting! The characters are all anthromorphic animals, but if that bothers you, you must not watch many Dreamworks/Disney-Pixar films. The story is engaging, but more importantly the gameplay is also. If you love sidescrollers, platformers, and beat-em-ups, then you will love this game! If I had to compare another classic game to the likes of this, I'd say this would tickle the fancy of any Odin Sphere players out there. The art, story, and characters are worth 10's in my book. However the gameplay and action steals the scene. Replayability is there for the challenge if you are in for that.10 out of 10"
,Recommended,236090,9672243,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,frostyketchup,"Dust is an exceptional game with a gorgeous art style, smooth gameplay, interesting lore, and a great story. To a lot of people, the characters turn them away. But if you decide not to buy this game just because of the characters, then you are missing out on something incredible. I should also add that this game was made by one person, amazing right?"
,Recommended,236090,9744738,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Inzukakiba,"Not only did I really enjoy the story, the gameplay and art were amazing as well. Every moment while playing the game, I was enjoying every part of it."
76561198000447231,Recommended,236090,9750990,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,turnercm5,"Beautiful artwork, great storyline, and smooth, easy game play. This one is worth every penny and every minute!"
,Recommended,236090,7350262,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Merci Beau Coup,"Extremely fun game with insane combos, great writing, and a decent challenge all around!"
76561198017954760,Recommended,236090,9556789,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,soddcutter,Great game! Enjoyed it!
,Recommended,236090,9557172,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Uxi,Good combat system. The attacks feels great shredding through enemies.
,Recommended,236090,8735499,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Devilfish,"Really good platform RPG game, but it's buggy as hell on windowsso many crashes."
76561198027313207,Recommended,236090,9562805,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,den . .v3,lots of fun and relatively easy to perfect :)
76561197992730597,Recommended,236090,9565185,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Jiron,Quite fun hack & slash game with a decent storyline aswell.
,Recommended,236090,9561339,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,buttery moves,"This was one of the few games that I have played where I enjoyed going back through the game and trying to 100% the entire game. The addicting combat system is extremely easy to learn, and once you learn a few key combos, you can really start to rack up style points. Even as ridiculous as this world you play in is, the game is still a gem among action and hack n' slash games. And like icing on the cake, everything in this game is hand drawn and beautifully pleasing to the eye. This is one of those few games on Steam that will leave you feeling satisfied and wishing there were more hours in the day to play it.EDIT: It is not, however, an overly difficult game, so do not expect an extreme challenge out of it."
,Recommended,236090,9608109,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Foxfyre Phoenix,"This is an awesome game!  Especially since it's an indie game!  The gameplay, story, audio/video...all great!  If you are looking for a cheap fun game, this is it!"
76561198087786691,Recommended,236090,9592629,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tirah,"I only heard good things about this game so I decided to give it a try. For an indie game, Dust is actually pretty awesome. The graphics are lovely, the music and sound great, even the voice acting is surprisingly good. The game reminds me a lot of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night or the classic 2D Metroid games. Definitely recommended to any and all platformer lovers"
76561198009798031,Recommended,236090,9795518,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Clown Vomit くそ,"Its a good story, combat starts out fun but gets mildly repetitive,  there are a lot of fun characters, plot twists that actually surprised me, and the environments look really pretty. Its very ""furry"", but its the good kind of furry, its a more cutesy kind of style and it gives characters so much more personality. Its a straight up good game."
76561197961271849,Recommended,236090,9796023,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,SilvanGhost,"This game was amazing. Then you add into it the fact that it was made by 1 person, and it's a console port that doesn't play like a normal console port. I wish more games from big-name companies were up to this quality."
,Recommended,236090,9796759,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Tallic,"What I like best about this game are the aesthetics, the hand drawn sprites, animations and backgrounds are splendid. Albeit the setting and the creatures inhabiting the world is far off from what I like, it does fit really well with the overall theme of the game.The story is easy to follow and even easy to predict, which I think comes with the territory of making a colorful action-beat-em-up, where the inhabitants of the world are cute animals and everything revolves around a destined hero cleansing said world from evil-doers.I was expecting more of a challenge, even on normal. You won't notice how powerful you actually are right away, but as the story progresses to the point where a game usually pit a player against more challenging enemies, I was able to slaughter everything put in front of me without lifting a finger. The reason for that is the in-game currency used and the items you loot off dead enemies. The idea is for the player to upgrade the character's equipment in a slow and steady pace (perhaps this is more noticeable on the highest difficulty), but that wasn't necessary during my playthrough.In closing: I did have some fun playing through this game, but I won't touch it ever again. There's nothing to come back to, not even challenges (if you missed any). If you want to plow through a game of mind-numbing, chain-comboing action during the course of 7-9 hours (you do this over a weekend, not even that) then this might just be the game for you.2/5"
,Recommended,236090,9797512,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Pyrosage,"If you want great graphics, riveting storyline from beggining to end, and the smoothest gameplay experience you could ever wish for, then get this game NOW."
,Recommended,236090,9086005,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,YetiSage,"Your first observation when looking at this game is probably the characters. Yes they’re furry-like, but this doesn’t effect the game in any way. The characters aren’t sexualized at all and all the ears and tails are rarely if ever mentioned in the game and therefore will not have any effect on the story. And if you make it past the design choices, which for me didn’t cause much alarm, but I’m apparently in the minority on this, then you will find a really enjoyable game, with good humor, funny characters, cleaver dialog and a truly beautiful world .I don’t want to ruin the story, but I will reveal that there is quite a twist in the game that you most likely won’t figure out that easily. The combat is fun and the controlled character reacts smoothly to your commands, it can however become rather tedious after pressing the same buttons for 5 hours. The AI is not the best around, but can still give quite a challenge if you crank the game up to the right difficulty. I would recommend starting at hard, since the game is pretty easy on the lower difficulties.All in all I would recommend this game, because of it’s amazing story filled with funny characters and some more emotional moments, that will no doubt keep you occupied for at the very least 4-6 hours. This game is worth the money and I’m sure you will find it to be worth your while, if you just give it a chance"
76561198068954288,Recommended,236090,9087976,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Quarter,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game for the world must play the whole game YOU must play it too amazing to pass you will play it or you will be lost to the void Well what are you wating for go play it .................................Duck....
,Recommended,236090,1944653,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,MSoles7,Classic old school castleavnioid platform with sweet graphics that almost makes you think that you are watching an animated movie.
,Recommended,236090,9188525,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Girafro,"Great game, pretty short, but really well done. Story is a little cliche but it's not the best part, the fighting is the best part. And the fighting is awesome."
,Recommended,236090,18283442,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bones,"A decent Metroidvania game with beautiful scenery and hand-drawn sprites. Very lore heavy though, and some of the voices can be a little grating."
,Recommended,236090,18268128,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dumb Hyena,"i played with a controller, and it is an amazing hack and slasher. and the best part of all, Furries :D still need to finish it though"
76561198149083772,Recommended,236090,18268476,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,billupsb50,"2D ARPG worth your time. Art style, voice overs, music and controls are great. Personal gripe, hate knock back but thats just me. Over all 8.8/10. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,236090,18248416,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cipher,Best game ever soo ♥♥♥♥ing good and the story is AMAZING! Must have
,Recommended,236090,18183723,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,^-^,"- Fun- Easy Controls- Interacting Storyline- Stunning VisualsGame is amazing, what else is there to say?"
76561197999717882,Recommended,236090,18184148,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pyro,A true gem
,Recommended,236090,18165130,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ARGANR,Great Advanture Game
76561198167645390,Not Recommended,236090,18207107,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,The_Abyss,"pros:-artwork, particularly the backround segments, gorgeous to say the least-music-inventory/crafting systemcons:-combat sucks, combos didn't work most of the time-story was lame-controls, were frequently unresponsive; the purple bomb segments were not fun-characters/voice acting, dumb,  to say the least-enemies were uninspiring-RE4 merchant makes a returntldr; overrated, not that good of a game"
76561198049101356,Recommended,236090,18192814,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,xominxac,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an absolutely beautiful game. It has wonderful art, an amazing story and a fluid combat system. I heard about it a long time ago but only recently decided to try it out for myself. Well, here I am now, the game is 117% percent complete and all the achievements are unlocked. I earnestly wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,236090,18198405,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Wendy Dandy,"Review by an average gamerI would totally write a lot about this game. Whoever because I'm pretty darn lazy and have not written a proper review before, here are my key points on what I thought about the game.Graphics:The one thing everyone would definitely notice is the sheer beauty of the world of Falana. Dean, who is proficient in animation, has definitely put a lot of effort into this game's art style. Even my dad who is not fond of video games came into my room and was awed at the visuals painting my monitor. Furries were no issue for me, in fact, I am more fond of it.Gamplay (Combat):The controls in this game are very responsive (As said by TotalBiscuit). Although it is fun, the game is just not difficult enough. The bosses are a joke, they were not hard to beat nor were they challenging to fight. Occasionally, you would encounter minibosses in this game but after a while they just become your normal enemies to beat up.Exploration:This game definitely encourages you to explore to world. Some hidden areas are supposed to be accessible only after learning a few skills but I always find myself ""Cheating"" by gathering enemies and flying high to get the treasure. The thing that irritates me in the game is that I have to go through the map again just to get to these hidden areas. I find it easy to just fly through the enemies and only start fighting them when I need to get to the next area.Minimap:The thing I adore about the minimap is that it tells you where the hidden treasures and keys are. Without this in the game, I would be pulling my hairs out trying to 100% this game.Voiceacting/Writing:The writing in this game is pretty good especially when it is accompanied by the voice acting. Great cast put up by Deven Christian and writing by co-writer Alex Kain.Story:For a video game, the story is pretty good. It did leave me with a hole in my chest, but the ending was satisfying. My issue is that there's not a whole lot of character development, especially for characters that had a sad scene in them. It never felt as sad as it was supposed to be. Although this could be excused for an independant game programmed by a single man. Well to be honest, I almost cried. Maybe because I'm soft? I dunno..Music:I don't know how to judge the music. I thought it was really good, it did capture the beauty of the world. I even had one song stuck to my head, the one played in Archer's Pass.To summarise, this was a beautiful and satisfying game. Totally worth every cent spent on this game.There is a sequel coming up and a movie that is going to be finished which takes place in the same universe as this game. Those news are enough to satisfy my hunger for more as I know it would eventually come, Although not soon.9/10Remember when I said I would not write a lot? Yeah, I realised it after giving my score.I strongly recommend this game to those who like platforming games and those that love bashing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your enemies.This is my opinion. You might have a different experience than the one I had. I am also no expert in video games.EDIT: ""This is my opinion"", Took out [h2][/h2]"
,Recommended,236090,18189856,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CkLance,10/10 Would poison ivy again
76561198051433525,Recommended,236090,18094077,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,IonlyplayHanzo,"What can I say about Dust: An Elysian Tail that already hasn't been said. Not much that's for sure. I was put off by the art style at first and simply disliked it because of the furry elements. Boy, was I wrong. That's the common misconception about this game. People see this as just another furry game. But Dust: An Elysian Tail is something far greater than that. I'm not afraid to say that I consider Dust: An Elysian Tail a work of art.Pros:- Responsive Controls- Fantastic Soundtrack- Memorable Characters- Beautiful Hand Drawn Visuals- Good balance of Drama and Comedy- Fun but simple CombatCons:- Voice Acting for characters can seem overboard at times (Try hard)- Story takes a while to pick up and take off (Can turn some people off)- Good but rather generic platforming elementsAs Destructoid once said ""If anything was worth going furry for, Dust it is.""IGN 69/100 Would furry again."
,Recommended,236090,18093896,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,PrinceZephra,"Love this game. Have it for xbox 360 and beat it. Now Imma do the same on PC. The game play is just awesome for the way its made. Truly love the style, the art, the story, and combot in this game, I highly recommend this game for people that want to actually sit down and learn everything there is about the characters. And figet love to break the 4th wall, makes the game a whole better and FUNNY!"
76561198022629692,Recommended,236090,18105881,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lord_Galaxy,"There shoul be more game like this , I love it"
,Recommended,236090,18104397,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Nick,Epic
,Recommended,236090,18086108,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Green Hood,"A really great game, outstanding graphics (they're not the best, but they are really good) great gameplay and AMAZING history!!!"
76561198026531435,Recommended,236090,3718157,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Schinopiraph,"A beautiful game in art, story and gameplay"
,Recommended,236090,18096979,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bear,Good game
,Recommended,236090,18080954,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Mei's,"Nice gameplay, effect is cool, good for anyone that found hack and slash + RPG like game is interesting.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,236090,18095293,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,STFMAN,"It's, fun, I guess?I mean I saw nothing wrong with the game, it's art of game design is great.Challenges? Why would make it 4 instead of 5 stars?Meh, as I can tell, I give this 9.9/10.Still great game.Was worth it on 3 dollars."
,Recommended,236090,5393196,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,jweston2,WOW this is one fun button masher! Got it for 7.49.
76561198018622071,Recommended,236090,9494702,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Zooslogic,"I just can't get over how good this game is, really. Extremely well created with a magnific story, if you're a somewhat respectful gamer you need to grab this game as soon as possible!"
,Recommended,236090,9496846,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Fzerosu,Epic story with awesome gameplay not really hard to beat but you will get a good time playing this.
,Recommended,236090,9498144,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mavericks,"This game, oh this game. You are in for quite the treat if you enjoy action-RPG like games. The action is super fluid and once you get some abilities rocking, and the controls are mastered, you can be chaining people for days, swooshing around the screen, crushing your enemies into dust (heh). The story is hit or miss with some people, but I enjoied it very much, it sucked me in and kept me hooked until the end, almost making me tear up. Not only the the combat and story good, but the world itself is nice, it's beautiful to look at and has plenty to explore, since this game takes the metroidvania path of letting you explore and find goodies scattered across the land waiting for you to pluck them out. Along while doing this, you have a wonderful soundtrack, playing fitting tunes for all the areas as you run about looking for things to kill, finding goodies, or doing sidequests to help you level Dust further. The game has a crafting system which lets you make better items, once you gathered all the materials, and you can find better recipies lying about the world, which, if found and made, are well worth the hassle. Due to this however, can make the game a little grindy, thus making combat a little stale for some. For an indie game however, this game is wonderful, and if you enjoy action-RPGs then I have no idea why this game is not in your collection already."
,Recommended,236090,9500550,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sofa King,Best and only furry game I've ever played amen
76561198077946952,Recommended,236090,9504147,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Capt_Kringle ^_-,An absolute master peaice of a game
76561198042894652,Recommended,236090,9481629,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"A 2D Hack'n'Wack game with simple, but also beautiful graphics and an responsive moveset.Though mostly the humour is kinda flat and obvious, it somehow works.However if you have a problem with anthropomorphic characters (humans looking like animals or Furries if you prefer) then this is not your game, because there is not a single normal human being in here.The story is flat as well.In the end the combat still is fun, but there isn't much more to it."
,Recommended,236090,4000412,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,StencilOST,"At first glance this is just a relativly high end Xbox indie port.Then the Music kicks in.then the characters and humour are introduced.Then you get to taste the fight system.Dust is not oly a great indie title, this is a great game. I havent felt this sense of flow or freedom from an action platformer in years.I will recommend Dust: An Elysian Tail to any fan of the platformer genre. and several outside of it. After seeing this game develope and float around for years the finished result has exceeded my expectations."
76561198067311205,Recommended,236090,9310852,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hynael,Great game!
76561198031960167,Recommended,236090,9312008,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Vivaldist,One of the best games to come out in 2013.
,Recommended,236090,9314262,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TheMaytagMan,Dust is extremely good looking with solid story and gameplay. 9.5/10.
76561198024995878,Recommended,236090,3582666,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,witchfynder,"Dust: An Elysian Tale (urgh, I mean ""Tail"") is a relatively solid Metroidvania-inspired action-RPG that had a LOT of potential, but was held back by a few questionable design choices. The art design for the characters was lackluster; most of the sprites and character portraits looked like they were drawn by a high-school student. The controls are just a little too imprecise for some of the platforming challenges. The writing lacks any sense of direction and never decides if it wants to be funny or serious. The characterization is flat, the voice-acting is iffy, and the plot is literally one of the worst I've ever seen in a video game.Yet, for all its flaws, I still sunk almost 20 hours into this game. Why? Because it's Fun As Hell (tm). The platforming is almost solid, first of all. Yes, the controls are a bit loose, but that was never a deal-breaker for me. The most important thing, though, is the combat. Simply put, fights in this game -feel- good, especially later in the game. As the game progresses and you level up, you start seeing damage being done in the triple- and even quadruple-digits and, as any fan of Final Fantasy will tell you, seeing a ton of bouncing numbers on screen just feels good.So, is the gameplay enough to save this game? I think it is. But not for full price. Dust is not a $15 game. If you have any interest in platformers, button-mashers, or Metroidvania, pick this game up....when it goes on sale."
76561198073062959,Recommended,236090,8837944,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Admiral Link,"Dust: An Elysian Tail takes place in Falana inhabited by anthropomorphic animals. The game has an interesting storyline where Dust, the protagonist, loses his memories and goes on a journey to regain them. Along Dust's journey he wields a sentient sword, the Blade of Ahrah, as his main weapon.  Fidget, the sword's guardian, acts as a companion for Dust.The voice acting in the game was excellent, and the script writing was good with funny parts in the game that proved to be quite hilarious and really made me laugh. The music was composed beautifully and fit the game.  With its serene sound I found myself very drawn in and really enjoyed the breathtaking soundtrack.The animations are perfect as all characters look organic and lively and background environments look rich and vivid. I must give recognition to Dodrill, a self-taught illustrator and animator who both programmed and designed the game and took him over three and a half years to make; a worthy investment. The combat system is excellent with nothing complicated and is very straightforward.There are some negatives that should be addressed. So far the boss fights are not challenging enough. I was able to defeat the first and second boss in one minute. My last problem with the game is the control scheme on the keyboard. Sometimes you can press the wrong button at the wrong time because some buttons acts as two moves. The result may be different if I used an actual controller. However, these negatives do not hamper the game too much.  I highly recommend this game. I give the game 8.5/10."
76561198046287910,Recommended,236090,9213958,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Lt. Narros,The two remind me alot of jak and Daxter. But the fox thing is a girl.
76561198025394005,Recommended,236090,3629461,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,ImmortalSoldier,"One of the most amazing looking games I have ever played has a cartoon style to it. The game is an action side scroller (sort of like the 2d Metroid) has bright colors, amazing sprites, and very fun. Warning: Contains quite a bit of furries."
,Recommended,236090,9215979,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Gerbil of Gloom,Beautiful graphics.  Very fun combat.  Can enjoy playing for just 10 minutes or lose track of time and play hours.
76561198042344951,Recommended,236090,9252485,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ViktorTalVladimer,"After playing this game, I couldn't help but feel sad. Not only from the enriching story and conclusion, but on how games (esspecially AAA games) fail to capture the wonder and experience they try to portray. Playing Dust was like being in a old Disney movie, the colorful scenary was match only by the array of characters, each one with a unique personality and who played a role in the story. The gameplay is smooth and satistifying beyond imagination, incoorperating Brawler mechanics with Metroidvannia styles of levels. At no point did the game do somethign I didn't want to. While the combat may be a bit repetative for some, the sheer spectical of it kept me entertained all the way, and has a surprising large amount of enemy variety early game.Everything just oozes perfection, the art style, the gameplay, the music, and the story is one major roller coaster of feels, which I recommend to anyone to experience.and one more thing...If I hear, ""OMG Furries...ewww..""I will come out of your computer monitor like Daveigh Chase in The Ring and bring eternal suffering on you're sorry♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236090,9253005,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,PowPow,"just amazing, good fun."
,Recommended,236090,9253789,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,D3mpsey,"Insane amazing game, Dean Dodrill achieved such a mind blowing feat. The fact that this was mainly a solo quest for something he had passion in is amazing. As a self-taught programmer and an amazing artist, dialogue was abit average imo but the story in and of itself is good and kept me quite interested in whats going to happen next. Your typical platformer and beat-em-up game with some interesting RPG elements.This is the type of game, for me, where i went back and almost completed everything, even after beating the game.. and still enjoyed every moment. Although i have noticed some of the voice acting where using varying quality of mics, and 2 or 3 of them seemed to have quite a small amount of white noise which made it annoying. Dust (the main character) is extremely mysterious and the story has quite a few plot twists to keep you on your feet.All in all, great game, a game I'd probably replay in about 10 years. The fact that this was as closed to a single handedly coded game as anything I've ever played before and being at the refined game it is today, is amazing. Also, sound track is just amazing, I bought the humble bundle JUST for the soundtrack as I've already previously bought dust <3"
,Recommended,236090,9320918,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ren,"I made the mistake of thinking this would be cheesy because it had cartoon ""furries,"" but it turns out to be a really fun DMC-esque fighting platform with a wide array of combos. I haven't played all the way through it yet, but I'm having a blast so far. The artwork for the fighting animations is beautiful."
,Recommended,236090,10924723,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shirou14,A great story in a great world with fun platforming and hack n slashing!
,Recommended,236090,10924964,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JimmyWolf,"This is the best side-scroller you can buy.The story, characters, gameplay, music and side missions are fantastic and beyond anything you might expect.There really isn't much more to say than that"
76561198068980886,Recommended,236090,10925080,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Calvin,this game was pretty cool9/10needs work
76561198113388974,Recommended,236090,10925704,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,immortalbeast96,"This game is amazing! The art style, soundtrack, and the story!!! The story was not what I expected it was original!!!"
,Recommended,236090,10926156,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sparky01GT,"This game is great fun and a steal when its on sale.  It's not the hardest game ever made, and some of the voice acting may grate on your nerves at times, but its gorgeous, engaging, entertaining and an example for all other indie games in the genre to follow.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,10926355,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,keipra,Plays very nicely with a controller. Fun game.
,Recommended,236090,5347114,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,infimumSupremum,One of the most enjoyable indie game I have ever played this generation!
76561197993326784,Recommended,236090,10927500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kenadian,Buy it. Just buy it. Excellent art. Excellent animation. Fluid combat. Great music score.
,Recommended,236090,10928037,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,James Hetfield #RIPChester,"I can't even begin to describe Dust: An Elysian Tail's greatness.  The combat and story are engaging, the characters are memorable for all of the right reasons, the art is beautiful (even the backgrounds), and the voice acting and overall sound design are really, really good.  Get this game now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And when I say now, I mean NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,236090,2116826,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Sunstab,"This game is a masterpiece. When you consider only one individual worked on the game itself (aside from voice acting), then you've got to respect the creator. The game is beautifully made; with scenarios and locations more wonderous than the previous. Combat is refreshing and fun, and you really do feel how the game doesn't mess up or lag your inputs in anyway whatsoever. Backtracking is pleasant for once, when coming back for secrets and hidden goodies. I recommend playing with an xbox controller, turning your volume waaay up for that magnificent OST, and finally sit back and let the game take you through a compelling story with likable characters. One last thing: PLAY ON HARD EVEN IF YOU ARE JUST STARTING OUT! Normal difficulty is a joke!"
,Recommended,236090,10929145,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,It's Never Jover,"The gameplay is smooth, the art is just beautiful and the addictive combat leaves you striving to reach an even higher combo. 10/10 would suggest."
76561198065701603,Recommended,236090,10929332,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dongus McLongus,"Absolutely amazing game. Great story, and it's hard to stop playing. If you enjoy a good story with incredible fighting this is a perfect game."
76561197994059988,Recommended,236090,10929500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NavMan,Great game with some great gameplay. Story is a bit average though.
,Recommended,236090,10879525,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[WAAAGH!!!]Tsuru,"It's a bit short game, but even then, it's a must have for anyone who likes Metroidvania-style games. Great music, beautiful hand drawn graphics, all dialogue is spoken, lots of secrets and puzzles."
,Recommended,236090,10879764,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Czar Robble I,"I am not much for words, or do many reviews, but when it came to this game, I can't begin to state how much I enjoyed playing through it.  I put in 29 hours into it, and probably could have spent even more if I wanted to complete all the side quests or try the game with a higher difficulty setting. The story was absolutely wonderful, the art was amazing, and...well, just everything about this game was great that I know that I'll end up playing it again.Whether you get it on sale, or you pay the full price, it is well worth the money spent. For me personally, it is defintely worth the full price it is asking for."
,Recommended,236090,1478718,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Lunix Vandal,"Easily one of the best games I've played so far this year. Dust gets so many things right that most of my complaints are specific to the highest difficulty level. A must-buy for anyone who loves Metroidvania-esque platformers, player-skill-focused combat, a well-told story, or friendly pokes at the fourth wall."
76561198045991488,Recommended,236090,10914621,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Allonsy_Friend,really fun action game the combat is really badass and it is tons of fun to knock down a lot of enemies
,Recommended,236090,2189970,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Mawi,worth the money
76561198042116373,Recommended,236090,10951430,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hero1877,Great game.
76561198041476217,Recommended,236090,10953024,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sable_Roze,"One of the deepest stories ive ever played in a game. Believable characters, both amusing and sadding dialog, and great animation in the few cutsences. Has earned all the awards given to it. If you have not experinced this game i would buy it now."
,Recommended,236090,8865499,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Just Juice,"Dust may not be the most in-depth metroidvania game, but its presentation, fluid movement and combat make up for it. The art is great and the music compliments it beautifully. The cutscenes are reminiscent of 90's animation, making the kid in me very happy. Combat is great! Hitting stuff feels good and chaining melee combos with magic is very satisfying. Although your Storm ablilty can sometimes fling you in the wrong direction, it's a very neat idea and adds a lot to the gameplay. I also really enjoyed the several platformy challenges throughout the world, wish there were more of them. Gaining new abilities felt a little slow, and exploration a bit linear, but the games overall charm held me to the end."
,Recommended,236090,8867554,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Dusk the Tree,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a perfect game. It has stunning visuals and animations, awesome combat mechanics and a fantastic storyline. I would recommend this game to anyone. (And the final boss is FABULOUS)"
,Recommended,236090,8869212,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Despina Vadamus,"For a game that was made by one person, I have to say that it blew my mind when I played through it. The story is just beautiful and tragic (in a good way) and the music (love HyperDuck's work by the way) that goes along with each area has a story to tell just by itself if you just stand and listen. I highly recommend any person to play this indy game as it'll be worth every cent that you drop into it. Hell it's even a great game to gift your friends!"
76561198017117084,Recommended,236090,8871931,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Maelwaed,"Dust is an amazing game with a classical feel, its a game where the simplicity of its combat adds to the experience instead of feeling stale. Add in the witty banter with your annoying sidekick, a sage talking story, gorgeous art work and a well woven story and you have one very solid gaming experience"
76561198006157484,Recommended,236090,8775036,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EarlGrey,"Moving and funny characters, astonishing atmosphere and of course the gameplay is fun.First game in a long time, that I played from beginning to the end in one go."
,Recommended,236090,8894798,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,OtterlyCharming,"I thought this was a really good game.  It was beautiful and has a great ambience. Controls felt good, and the reward balance felt nice.I was really enjoying the playthrough until I ran into a game-breaking glitch.  After I beat the second boss (Lady Tethys) my game freezes completely and locks up my monitor.  If I can get it to exit, my computer is still functioning perfectly fine.  I could not find any evidence that others have been having this issue, so it may just be a conflict with my rig.  Still, can't complete the game so have to stop playing.I still recommend it, but only because I seem to be the only one with this problem.  It's cute. It's simple. It's beautiful. Enjoy."
,Recommended,236090,1693645,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Quillz,"Dust wisely mixes the main features of action side-scrolling games, platforms and RPGs, offering a unique experience that is worthy of consideration. The music and the quality of the drawings that follow each screen are just the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,236090,8841746,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ganymede,"This game really impressed me, I picked it up in the Steam Christmas Sale as it was cheap; not expecting much.When I came to playing it, wow! The first thing that hit me was how impressive the artwork and music score was.  After playing the game for a few hours I found 'Dust: An Elysian Tail' to be fast and furious during the fighting and actually quite satisfying during the story telling too, and being able to use a 360 pad is also a great feature.Dust is fun and light hearted and draws you in with awesome fighting combos which can reach extremely high numbers if your good enough! Anyway, pick a copy up and decide for yourself, you won't be disappointed!I would definitely recommend this one, what a great little arcade number and for £3 too! I am Chuffed!"
76561198009353137,Recommended,236090,2564525,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Battlesword,"An epic tale of friendship, loss, and redemption backed up with insane combat and countless hours of side content"
76561198021382801,Recommended,236090,3357263,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Fishyxander,"Swift action packed 2D fighting with 4 difficulties to choose from, ranging from a bed-time story to a skill-based game punishing you for taking a wrong step at all times.Level up system, special abilities unlocked during the game and Meta communication adding some humor during the conversations.Decent voice acting, smooth sound effects.if you have an Xbox controller for the PC I'd recommend using it for easier button mashing."
,Recommended,236090,7431150,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,ShadowPwnz™,"Exciting game, keeps you on the edge of your seat with both storyline and the gameplay itself. One of those games that you would play when you just want to go through and kill things. 10/10"
76561198039392905,Recommended,236090,8846490,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,thewheelchair,"Great game, recommend it"
,Recommended,236090,8848719,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Comancee,"Watch a video of someone playing this game, and it looked enjoyable so I figured when it went on sale I would get it. Turns out the game is one of the best indie PC games I've played. Fantastic story, simple and fun gameplay that will leave you wanting more. Worth any amount of money to buy, and made by a very small team of developers. Almost wished I had known this was a great game a year ago."
76561198097697516,Recommended,236090,8917653,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,v1keka,"fluid combat, amazing soundtrack, with a nicely written story - nothing really new about it, but still good.worth buying and playing."
76561198071774038,Recommended,236090,8919116,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Jedi Master Ken-Jen,This side-scrolling game is one of the best I've played (sorry Mario). The enemies are cool looking and the powers you posess are amazing. The story is also really good.
76561197984992587,Recommended,236090,8919703,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Doctor H Boogie,A good game.
,Recommended,236090,8908598,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Das Akrilo,Super fun game!
,Recommended,236090,16516479,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Exilra,"This is a beautiful game. Great art style, great story, great gameplay, great EVERYTHING! It's difficult for me to believe at times that this game was mostly made by ONE person. You definitely won't regret buying this game."
76561198000861044,Recommended,236090,16604194,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,agc114,"Great plot, good game play, if you like bastion this is a must buy."
,Recommended,236090,16606560,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jameshale14,"Fantastic game, don't even think twice about buying it, just do it!"
,Recommended,236090,16609433,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kirre | cs.money,"Go get this game on sale. Totally worth 2,50€.It took me 15 hours to find ~95% of the treasure and finish the game at normal difficulty. (If you're just going for the story it might only take you about 10-12 hours)Slaying through hordes of enemies did not bore me at all, not even after those 15 hours of playing - the set of attack combinations played its part, I suppose.The characters are lovely and at some point they show some meta humour.Story is entertaining but not brilliant."
,Recommended,236090,16493759,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Deathtek,"This game is definitly a keeper... Looked at the clock, it said 9:00pm, looked back to game. Five minutes later the clock says 5:00am. I got ♥♥♥♥ing lost in this game 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,236090,16502917,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chorong,"So far the best indie game I've completed.And to think Dust was developed and animated by just one person, it's really inspiring.10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,236090,16636125,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Seven Waters,furries
76561198056898816,Recommended,236090,16637907,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ScarlettAce2792,"I have never been a huge fan of platformer games which is quite bizarre for my generation. However, Dust got me totally hooked on platformers. It seems to be a leader in the new generation of Indie platformers which are more involved and story-driven. It was such a beautiful game to look at, and the story was captivating. This got me into other platformers like it and opened my gaming horizons, which I think makes it much more impressive as a game."
76561198077856698,Recommended,236090,16637950,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cinri,"Purchased this game a couple of days ago and absolutely in love with it!If you are into the anime-style fantasy RPG, this is a great game. Interesting characters, gorgeous art style and some great quality music to top it off that always fits the mood!"
,Recommended,236090,16646191,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wind,"Wonderful action adventure game with very tight and responsive controls.  There's enough variety in your fighting moves and combos that you're not just mashing attack all the time and there are a great array of enemies to face.  For an Indie development, the storyline and acting is well beyond expectations, even if it gets a lil melodramatic here and there, but is always being sincere.  One of my favorites."
76561198041261528,Recommended,236090,4734431,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Undurcut,"A beautiful, fun and action packed. Well worth it."
,Recommended,236090,3853289,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,spell,"Good metroidvania. The pacing might feel off sometimes, but when it clicks it's great.Combat looks and feels nice, though might be too easy on default setting. Also it's probably the best console port I've seen."
76561198008404508,Recommended,236090,13715427,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Greg,"There are already a lot of very rave reviews about this game. And it really deserves it.Dust is a masterwork. A truely fantastic peice of story writing, great voice acting and a storyline that doesn't feel stale.If you are reading the reviews because you are in two minds as to buy this or not, get it, you won't be disapointed."
76561197971867091,Recommended,236090,13715446,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,{W`C} Loki,"Super fun game. Works perfect with xbox controller. Compelling story, good voice acting, good graphics"
,Recommended,236090,13718980,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,McShmoodle,"Stunning animation, great characters, epic storytelling, and awesome action! That's Dust in a nutshell. I'm too lazy to put anything else, so I'll just leave it at that."
76561198107452148,Recommended,236090,13719843,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bad Sprite,It's a good game.Good things:GameplayGraphicsStoryCharacters(There's some annoying ones)(9/10) should play
,Recommended,236090,2153637,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,WeefyWick,Castlefur: Deviantart of the NightIt's good
76561198019437760,Recommended,236090,14076627,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Santo,"The art is gorgeous, the sound track is amazing, the combat incredibly satisfying.Rock Solid mechanics. Great exploration. Solid voice acting. And not-too-intrusive sidequests. The story is simple, but simple is, in this case, just perfect.If the aesthetic is not your thing, I understand. But you are missing out in an amazing game."
,Recommended,236090,14153285,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"A really well made and polished metroidvania beat em up platformer. Despite being an indie game it is far deeper than the average and definetely raises the bar for what should be expected from a indie game at this price. The team that made this was..... wait... what? This was made by ONE person with music from hyperduck and Alex Brandon for sound? humble hearts is ONE person?!?! How the ♥♥♥♥ is it possible that ONE person was able to make a game that 100 people in a company like EA are too incompetent to make anything good? This is truly amazing and in light of this fact this game earns a solid 10/10 if there was ever an argument for why EA should file for bankruptcy, this is it. Let those people working in EA get rid of the unproductive bureaucratic time tables and deadlines and focus on making their art in their spare time."
,Recommended,236090,14134462,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Count Shwinge,"Possibly one of the best game I have ever played.Throw the headphones on and get enthralled in this beautifully crafted game, both visually and through its story telling."
,Recommended,236090,564605,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,FrogMachine,"Fantastic game. While the character design may not be to many people's tastes, the game overall is polished to a shine, and my God that animation is outstanding. Well worth grabbing if you like metroidvania style games/combo beat em ups."
,Recommended,236090,8836520,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,K-rubs,This is definitely a game worth owning.I like the artwork as well as the story.It is a game that doesn't take much strategy and something to jump into and play without much thought.I enjoyed it thoroughly and I hope that a sequel or another game is made in its likeness by the same company.
76561198043921480,Recommended,236090,8837398,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Captain Trainwreck[1532],Dust is a very fun game full of hidden treasures and golden lines that will keep you playing from start to finish.
76561198038055981,Recommended,236090,8393285,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BeanZs,awesome
,Recommended,236090,4828580,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Iggi,"Pretty fun Hack & Slash type game with an interesting storyline.  You gain more moves and abilities as the game progresses, and the enemies do get harder for each stage.  It has an open map so you can choose where you want to go next, and there's plenty of secrets to find as well.  Although you will find yourself back tracking quite a bit for certain quests you pick up.  Fun though, and will definitely give you plenty of hours of game time."
,Recommended,236090,2923841,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,- ̗̀BΣΣKΛY ̖́-,"Superb animation, fluid battles, enchanting soundtrack, compelling story, fine-tuned rpg elements. Do not let the fact that it is an indie game deceive you. This game is a must-play."
76561198061467137,Recommended,236090,7404129,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,justspencer36,Beautiful looking game with a great hand drawn art style. Just an overall fun action platformer.
76561198053785270,Recommended,236090,9150246,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,urieloblivious,"Dust is a good platformer, but the story it tells makes this game great."
76561198035584411,Recommended,236090,4326838,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,PinkGuy <3 (PinkRadio),Great gameAwesome StoryEveryone should play this gameI give a 10/10 for this game
,Recommended,236090,2671117,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Kodiak,One of the best indie games I have played. Dust takes you on a memorable adventure not only through its story but also engaging side-scrolling exploration and smooth fighting mechanics. Plenty of easter eggs for indie fans as well!
,Recommended,236090,9134991,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Pepper the Sgt,"A great 2D hack'n'slash game. The combat feels so satisfying. The hand-drawn artstyle is charming and most of the characters are loveable. The music was nice throughout and the sound effects felt right. But man, that combat feels good."
76561198199220210,Recommended,236090,16278858,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Elijah,One of the best games that I've ever played!Enough said.
,Recommended,236090,16485288,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,philip284,Holo the wise wolf would rate this about the same as apples.
76561198226860640,Recommended,236090,16488593,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,shyomegawolf,love it the charaters are lovible and the back story is great
,Recommended,236090,16489513,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dawn Breaker,Awesome game. Nuf said.
76561198019083379,Recommended,236090,16520873,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Barron-O-Beef Dip,"*When my friend saw the icon for this game on my computer*Friend: ""Dude, I can't beleve someone like you would get this game. Were you drunk at the time?Me: ""Uaaaa no I wassent....""Friend: ""Do you even know what that game is taged under?""Me: ""Oh, uaaaa......Maybe,,,,,""Friend: *Shakes head disapointedly*     ""Don't tell me you played it""Me: ""Acutally, I already beat it..."""
76561198023197403,Recommended,236090,16527030,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BlackNeko06,"An interesting indie game, that in a time I was starting to get bored of playing games, made me excited to play again.It may not be a AAA game, have much replay value or have any of the polish or extras they may boast; but its addicting, entertaining, intuative and such a delight.Worth at least a play through."
,Recommended,236090,16537902,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Thadota,"[Highly recommended.]Let me give you a scenario.I buy the game. I enjoy the game. I play the game nonstop. The only breaks are eating, sleeping, etc necessities. PLOT TWIST. This is exactly what happened to me the instant I booted up this game.This game is wonderful, a beautiful take on the metroidvania genre and in my opinion a marvelous experience. I just beat the game, clocking around 14.5 hours on my first run on Normal. I finished at around 109-110% completion, and most of that was simply returning to areas and accessing sections of the map you couldn't originally, which is a staple of the metroidvania genre. Now, typically backtracking is boring as watching paint dry, *but* , the way this game handled it was exceptional. By the time the game hinted to me I was nearly done, I had every ability the character could attain, and I literally blew through the previous sections of the game snatching items left and right.There's something about this game, something I cannot apply to just one aspect, that really brings all the mechanics and storyline and characters together.A list of what I saw on my first run through:+The main protagonist is highly interesting and is not just some dull 2D ""Have to save the world because I'm the hero!"" protagonist+The companion is my new favorite. Simple as that. Done and done. She's one of the greatest things to happen to video game side-kicks.+The interaction between Main Protag and Companion were my favorite scenes, every time the dialogue was opened I sat back and enjoyed the show.+The voice actors/actressess fit their character's personality and appearance very well, and added to the immersion effect.+The game's combat, while somewhat simple, I found could be manipulated into outrageous hit-count-combo's if you are good enough that it becomes near second nature+The pacing of the story was great, at no point did I feel lost or confused on where to go, and at no point did I feel like my hand as a gamer was being held and lead right to a straightforward goal.+The story itself was amazing, and coming from an author, all I can say is buy the game and pay attention to the story, the ending left me speechless.+The soundtrack was impressive, It really caught me off guard at how well done the music was for this.Overall, this is an extremely long review, but in all actuality it could be even longer. The ratio of Good:Bad is absurd; for every Bad thing you could find in this, I could probably find 5 things that are Great about it.Really excited to do another run through, kicking it up a difficulty level.I'm not one to give number based scores, but for Dust: An Elysian Tail, an exception is to be made.95/100"
76561198019321033,Recommended,236090,16538400,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PedroFabrino,"Beautifully made platform game, I would recommend that to anyone that likes: Platform Games, Puzzle Games, Action Games. Really a wonderfull surprise :D"
76561198083282185,Recommended,236090,16539752,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Poofy,"Let me tell you about Dust: An Elysian Tail. It is an amazing hack and slash that has also managed to nail the head on getting a good story. The combat flows very smoothly and makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥well being easy enough to understand to pick up and play with without losing any appeal. The story is well thought out and very immersive. You get attached to the characters very quickly as most of them have their own unique personalitys. It takes about 8-9 hours to get through the story if you rush through everything. The only gripe I have about it is that the voice acting is not the best, though it still provides for an enjoyable game. I would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,236090,16540167,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Selc,"OH MY GOD. This game has made me a better person. Fidget has been my inspiration for the past 2 years of my life. If you don't have this game, you messed up."
76561197976014259,Recommended,236090,16544537,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Captian Fluffypants,"I kept seeing this and thinking looks kinda artsy, maybe if it was on sale.  I bought it on sale and after playing it would have payed full price.  It took me about 12 hours to beat it on the hardest setting.   Controller required.Pro's+Good story+Good voice acting+Very pretty+Figet is the best fairy every (Nimbat whatever)+Combat flows well+Magic is simple but fun+Inventory is well managed+Fast travel in a side scroller+CraftingCon's-Fast travel kinda sucks-Way to easy.  I set it at the hardest difficulty setting and while I had a good time didn't feel greatly challanged.  I should state I am an old school sidescroller and grew up on the NES"
,Recommended,236090,16454922,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,stahlnacht,"Wow! This game is great! The story is superb, what I've seen of it, the humor is a good thing. I don't even find the smart mouthed little orange companion annoying. I don't really mind the repetiveness of the attacks, watching Dust zoom this way and that as his blade cuts down foes is a thrilling experience."
,Recommended,236090,16456783,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KingSlinks,"This is one of my top 10 games of all time. Perfect storyline, awesome gameplay, fantastic voices, even has great humor. I would love a sequel, but it's one of those games that if it does have a sequel, it wouldn't be as good and probably disappointing. I am very satisfied with this game from start to finish and not having a sequel is alright with me. :D Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,236090,16457587,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,animosityiskey,"The story was pretty interesting and the characters were funny and cool and all. The gameplay was pretty fun (and Dust Storm with Fidget's attacks was really cool), but never really changed too much from the start of the game. I barely used the crafting system, but it was cool to have, I guess. The leveling system could've been a little more in depth, but minimalist is good sometimes.7/10 - Could've been better but still pretty awesome."
,Recommended,236090,16463208,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Swyft,"Most definitely in my top favorite games of all time.I had bought and beaten it when it came out for Xbox 360, then bought it again on PC because it's that good."
,Recommended,236090,16463643,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sartan,"This is just a fantastic, beautifully drawn platformer.  I spent hours and hours maxing out all of the various pickups and drops, and my wife just enjoyed watching the whole story unfold.  Really cute characters, challenging gameplay, and exciting combat make for a nice combination."
,Recommended,236090,972393,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Furbag,"A very fun hack-and-slash side scrolling game that mixes impressive visuals with an engaging story. It's hard to believe the game was made entirely by one person (and a few friends who lent their voice talents). I would highly reccomend this game to anybody who enjoys sidescrollers, big combos, or swordfighting games.Also furries :3"
,Recommended,236090,17929860,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,fjärtnado,meh
,Recommended,236090,17949073,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Galiviel,It´s a pleasant little game with interesting story. A little easy even on the hardest setting but that doesn´t stop the game from being quite fun.
,Recommended,236090,6108843,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Ace D. Brokenwing,"Dust: AN Elysian Tail. To sum it up, a impressive piece of art ~fully hand drawn and filled with carrying OST's , what do we actually want more?ohright! another part for the cliffhanger, and games telling the story of.... ohwait, am not allowed to spoil here <.>"
,Recommended,236090,18125042,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pholostan,Bought this game years ago and finally finished it. It's a great brawler of a game with a nice story. Runs like a dream too.
76561198117897838,Recommended,236090,18126004,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Indigo,"This is the moest amazing game I have ever played! It's beautyfull! The art, the music, the story... Everything combined to this marvel of games. From beginning to end an intens adventure who is is highly adictable. It really has it all!"
,Recommended,236090,18126492,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jutza,Un gran juego con una gran historia que te haran estar pegado a la pantalla durante horas.
,Recommended,236090,18126740,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DragynMagic,"By far, one of the most amazing games I've ever played. I loved every minute (except perhaps one certain area), and I wish it was much longer. The world was beautiful, the characters were amazing, the voice acting was great... All around, it was a fantastic game.Pros:-Beautiful world-Amazing Story-Wonderful characters-Easy-to-understand combat-Leaves you wanting moreCons:-It ends"
76561198200814625,Recommended,236090,18127492,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,noxlucis,This game is an absolute joy. It made me feel all warm and furry... I mean fuzzy inside.
76561198135455614,Recommended,236090,18129013,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,High Blood Seeker,awesome nice game :)
76561198059852687,Recommended,236090,6140291,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Gartz,"Excelente jogo,excelente trilha sonora"
,Recommended,236090,18101158,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[42] Sertifi,Gameplay was amazing.Story was good and engaging.Characters and sidequests were addictive.Game was good. Get it.
,Recommended,236090,18112097,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ChrisTheFields,This game = So much yes.
,Recommended,236090,18112121,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Toxic Waifu Sucy,Great art. Great Play Style. Great Game.
76561198061618754,Recommended,236090,18166037,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,A Herd Of Feminists,1. Visually magnificent.2. Gripping story.3. Hectic combat.4. Interesting characters.Final thought: One of the best side-scrolling RPGs to spend your money on.
,Recommended,236090,18092628,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Phoenix Firewolf,awesome game and awesome story... and if your a furry fan this is your game!
76561198248014770,Recommended,236090,18232317,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Red_Lenses,"This game is simply incredible, one of very few games I've enjoyed from beginning to end. I've wanted to try it ever since I first heard about it after its release, and it went beyond my expectations. The art is beautiful and the soundtrack equally so. The fighting controls are easy to pick up for inexperienced or beginner players, and include attack combos for more skilful combat if you find them too plain. And the story only seems to deepen throughout the game before coming to an emotional conclusion. (Also you can't fall into holes and die instantly. Definitely a big plus in my opinion.)A few technical issues did come up that I feel I should make note of. The first was a rather nasty glitch where pressing W or D on the map screen caused the game to crash, close, and prevent me with a crash log which needed to be force quit to get rid of it. The second was less major but still rather strange; two of the cinematics played completely without voices - one with music, one entirely silent - before freezing on the last frame. Nothing else happened until I paused and resumed, at which point the audio played by itself and the game resumed normally. It only occurred at the top of the mountains and when confronting the final boss, which leaves me confused as to why no other cutscenes were affected if it was a hardware issue.Those problems aside, I absolutely loved this game and would highly recommend it. I bought it on sale but it's definitely worth full price."
,Recommended,236090,18244057,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Oathkeeper,"Can't say enough good things about this game. Great visuals, great music, FANTASTIC voice acting, and a very fun and satisfying battle system. Definitely recommend 117%"
,Recommended,236090,9113662,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Arch,Great game! Very impressed with how well this game was put together for the cost of admission. Definitely worth a play through. The only negative is no replay value but the story is well worth it!
76561198059003553,Recommended,236090,9115591,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ZenMonkey,"Dust is an old classic tale of a powerful warrior who loses his memory and seeks to rediscover who he is, but it puts an interesting twist on it.  It's not a complicated game, or especially long, but it's an excellent platform action RPG that I had a lot of fun playing."
,Recommended,236090,9118734,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Artsi_Perkule,"Very good metroidvania-like hack n' slash game with beatiful graphigs, good music and great gameplay. What makes this game even more great, is the fact that it was made by one guy, Dean Dodrill.Like TotalBiscuit said in his review of this game: ""Buy this game!"""
,Recommended,236090,9120121,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dinosnore,love this game. loads of fun to play and an intriguing story line
,Recommended,236090,9120889,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,BrightBlueInk,"+ GORGEOUS to look at+ Great platforming+ Really, really fun combat+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Very engaging+ Lots of exploration+ Great difficulty curve+ REALLY worth the cost at full price (I actually feel a little guilty that I bought it on sale)I'm having a hard time coming up with negatives for this one...-The animated cutscenes don't look as good as the rest of the game-The combat can be a little easy on Normal if you overrely on the Dust Storm move-Story can be a liiittle cheesy at times (although I found it enjoyably so)Overall: I adored this game. I knew it was good--I'd heard the hype and a friend had recommended it to me--but I don't think I was expecting to be as drawn into this game as I was. I was really surprised by the quality of the story and voice acting--it's not FANTASTIC but much better than I was expecting, for sure. As noted above sometimes the story can dip into being a little cheesy but usually when it did I found it enjoyable, and there were a lot of twists I didn't see coming, plus some genuinely funny moments (I laughed out loud at the conclusion of a quest involving a missing box) and even a few moments that tugged on my heartstrings a little.But the real star here is the gameplay. It is a FUN game. The combat can be a little easy but it never stopped feeling satisfying for me, and the system that rewards great combos with bonus EXP motivated me to avoid mindless button mashing. The platforming is VERY satisfying--difficult enough for me to feel engaged but intuitive enough that I rarely felt frustrated by what the game was trying to get me to do. And I really enjoyed the exploration, which is unusual for me. I'm normally not much of a backtracker but I really enjoyed going to previous locations when I got new abilities to find hidden items and secrets.This game seriously might make it on my list of favorite games, which I was NOT expecting. I'm already itching for another playthrough. Once I get through more of my backlog I'm probably going to replay on hard difficulty to see what it's like and maybe try for 100% completion. I DEFINITELY see this being a game I'll replay sometimes to relive some of my favorite moments or just to enjoy the combat and platforming."
76561197998073521,Recommended,236090,9098626,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Wew405,"Awesome game, the music, style, visuals, and story are geat. The only problems I found are; that it crashed twice; the voices seemed, at least to me, to change between ragular cutsceens and animated cutscenes; and the gameplay could be a little more indepth. That being said the combat system was fun to use as well as feeling and looking awesome.Worth a buy, especially if its on sale"
76561198105722070,Recommended,236090,8065644,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Oikawa,Dust and Fidget have the best relationship omg
,Recommended,236090,8788150,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cybersix,Needs more Fidget
76561198075930699,Recommended,236090,8790072,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,DejaVu,One of the Best Games I've Played This Year.
,Recommended,236090,8790341,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,EisNayk,This game was great played it with an xbox 360 contoroller fast paced sidescrolling fighter very nice storyline and great animation for combat and enviroments. the ending is a little bit depressing not in a disapointing why it just is a literaly sad ending. combat to be really effective takes a little bit of work to master but once you do you feel as if you are a tornado of blades almost unstopable. I picked this game up when it was on sale and it was worth so much more then what I paid for.
,Recommended,236090,8791999,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Zimaios,"This is a must have, and extremely well done action adventure RPG. The Artwork is some of the best i've ever seen in a game, and is equaled by the Game Play, Sound track, Voice Acting, and Story."
,Recommended,236090,8793236,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,LethalLuggage,"This is perhaps one of the most fluid games I've played, and the voice acting is beautiful. The combat is elegant and you feel awesome as you slash your way through hoards of enemies (though I never did get to that 1000 hit combo achievement), and the story, while mostly short, pulls you in. It has just the right amount of challenge, humor, and... kindness? to make it a perfect game, definitely a game that should be played, especially if you love hack n slash games."
,Recommended,236090,1706961,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Rotanazag,"Beautiful art-direction, beautiful soundtrack, excellent combat system and dialogue trees. An all-round brilliant Metroidvania-style platforming action-adventure. All this work done by one incredibly talented guy. Give him your money, this game is that good."
76561198009278251,Recommended,236090,20780865,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRevrockrock,"I haven't played this in a long time, but as I remember it... It's a good time.One of the best platformers out there.On second thought I think I will pick it up again.  I never beat the game, I think I will.If I can.I can't say enough good things about it.  Worth every penny every minute spent playing it."
76561198096083257,Recommended,236090,20300316,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,poppies,game keren nih! sayang petualangan nya pendek!
76561198162309149,Recommended,236090,20251492,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hillsbane,"I haven't played much of this game yet but I have to say how good it is.It's very good.10 mysterious wall chickens out of 10yep you heard me mysterious wall chickens.another thing is that everyone in the first village has a different accent and they're not even good. I live in Australia and that Australian accent doesn't sound like anyone I've ever seen or heard.Very good game(if you don't get it for the story, skip the dialogue of everyone but your companions as only your companions say anything useful)"
,Recommended,236090,7467970,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Lighty,"THIS, is one of the best platformers i played in a long time.and that says alot.Awesome graphics, Great engine, amazing music, funny characters, good storyline, easy gameplay on the lowest setting, and challenging on higher, perfect balance!Best reccommended to play with a Gamepad (Cross input!)what, you didn't buy this already?what are you waiting for?!"
,Recommended,236090,20511782,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Docwayne,"Awesome, 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,8737465,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kryzeth,"This game is simply beautiful. The art style, the gameplay, the voice acting, and the plot were all simply incredible. I loved it! I can't wait for the sequel! :D"
76561198098598276,Recommended,236090,20532801,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Doe,"Played the game on normal, was a bit tough at first but after a few upgrades the game is great, highly enjoyed it. The art, music and gameplay are top notch, if you enjoy Metroidvania games pick this one up."
76561198128431838,Recommended,236090,20535799,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Cubuss,"Good Story. Nice Graphics. Nice Control on Keyboard, it is easy to expert. I love the game!"
76561198031027183,Recommended,236090,20578681,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,lacanseven,Beautiful game!  9/10
76561198110584690,Recommended,236090,20589190,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,"Furry Bias aside, pretty good game, never finished it becuase one of the later levels glitched out and i couldent finish it, also depending on how you see it, fidget could be adorable as hell, or annyoing as hell, actully met the voice actor on a social game ages ago.."
,Recommended,236090,20587842,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Atma,Its a wonderful game and a must have for any furry fan. ^.=.^
76561198024447615,Recommended,236090,20518340,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,yakurbe0112,"Its a good game. Not a great game, but a good one.It is the best looking game I've ever played and it has a good combat system. I really wanted to chuck the sword off a cliff whenever it talked though. It seemed like a know-it-all that never actauly told you anything. Fidget was fun. Good comic relief. The final battle was a bit tedious and the sudden introduction of an enemy type who could block and dodge your strikes was really anoying. Especialy becuase the General can do it too, and has a rediculous amount of health. I also didn't really understand his motivation.These are all just nitpicks in an otherwise beautiful game."
76561198045509217,Recommended,236090,20562759,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Crazyleggs,Fantastic indie game.It's a beautful game that plays as smoothly as it looks. It is enjoyable from beginning to end. Dust is definitely worth picking up.
,Recommended,236090,20563583,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Ravioli Ranger™,It's a pretty good game considering that just one person did most of the work. Give it a try.
,Recommended,236090,20552067,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,This is an epic 2d side-scrolling jrpg/action game. It has epic music and gorgeous visuals. The characters are all furries and live in a japanese fantasy world. You basically use your sword and your sidekick to kill monsters of the land. You can do crazy combos with many elemtan damages like fire electricity or magic. I highly recommend this if anything then for the soundtrack. 9/10
,Recommended,236090,20557353,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bip,Its a charming game. Disney cutsey. Takes a bit to get into (unlocking skills) and maybe a tad too long (hardcore damage is punishing).
76561198037432038,Recommended,236090,20547739,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Eucliwood Hellscythe,10/10!!!
76561198094933580,Recommended,236090,20598493,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RickTFlynn,Fantastic side scroller. Beautiful visuals and music.
,Recommended,236090,20598996,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Hiroshima Mutation,"The story is pretty lame and so are the characters, but the combat system is amazing id r8 8/9 m8."
76561197961216895,Recommended,236090,77092,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Dubs,Nice game.
76561198042359161,Recommended,236090,17375729,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,AquaScum,"By far one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  Only one part I found kinda annoying was the haunted houses part.  Even that part isn't bad enough to take away from the game as a whole.The combat is my favorite part, very fluid and easy to pick up. The art, animations, sound, voice acting, environments, story, and overall polish put this game high above most other games you will probably ever play for quite some time.For only $15, you get a extremely polished game I would easily pay $30 for."
,Recommended,236090,17376136,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ryan4585,"This Game is all about the storyline, its wonderful and in depth. The combat system is weak to button mashing so if you want to win the game you could do that."
,Recommended,236090,17441492,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Haruka Kyoji,10/10 and the story is really touchy plus immersive soundtrack and combat system.
,Recommended,236090,17562783,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ArcanianArcher,"9/10This game is a little rough around the edges, but is still one of my favourite games. The amazing story, beautiful art, and engaging gameplay are what earn this game such high praise. I'm eagerly awaiting the sequel."
76561198190041981,Recommended,236090,17795367,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,cutestephy,"this is a very fun game with a lot of action and combo fighting, I'm really enjoy it"
,Recommended,236090,17623637,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,davecasillo,no doubt get it
,Recommended,236090,17624306,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Albino,"This game reminds me of the Trine series in terms of graphical 2D platformer beauty, but plays much differently. You get more of an action RPG style game as opposed to a puzzle platformer. Beautiful, great soundtrack, satisfying to play. This game will go down as one of my alltime favourites."
,Recommended,236090,17632730,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Cinnadaddy,"Even though I got this game when it was free, I would definitely go back and buy it now. The art in the backgrounds is cute yet also attractive, the voice acting is spot-on, and I've honestly only gotten through about 20% of the game in eight hours. It's long, playable, attractive, fun, and it keeps drawing me back to it. This game is probably in my top 10 favorites. I highly recommend this. If you don't want to pay 15$ on it, wait until it goes on sale. But it's worth it."
76561198010988546,Recommended,236090,17737115,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kurosawa,"A must-play game. I would truly give this one a 10/10. Now , on to the main topic. Graphics and visuals for this one are trully stunning , for a 2D game. As you can guess , most are hand-drawn , and look absolutley gorgeous at some point. Unfortunatley , gameplay has some minor issues. Although it is diverse and well done most of the time , it fails when it comes to bosses. Mainly beacuse all of the challenges boss is throwing at you can be bypassed by a legal cheat. ( which is jump , than toss out dust storm while migdet shoots magic ). That being said storyline is a well-proven classic , with some twists and turns of its own. You won't find many complaints in that department..... but you also won't find anything original. In the end , you might say those tiny flaws give character , and I agree with that , which is why I gave it a 10/10 on my list. This one is a shame to miss."
,Recommended,236090,17738327,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,okeaon,One of the best games I ever played
76561198026874404,Recommended,236090,17742677,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,daresbane,"I wasn't expecting much from this game but it truly delievered! The story is not earth shattering or revolutionary, it it tells the tale wonderfully. The gameplay is fun and constantaly interesting. I'm looking forward to anything else that may come from this developer."
76561198229234456,Recommended,236090,17746887,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Meduoliukas,Werrrrrry fun and charming game :)
76561198124112797,Recommended,236090,17709765,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DeadShock,This game is art. Very...very...nice art.Game play:goodStory:niceCharacters:fantastic
76561198063363598,Recommended,236090,17714808,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PivsXII,"Really impressive game. All here is a masterpiece : the cartoonish graphic, the story, the music and so on.Really worth my money"
76561198183974341,Recommended,236090,17718451,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,skullphantom199,"An overall great game with an amazing storyline and gameplay, though the artstyle is only decent, the experience completely makes up for it. There are very creative easter egg characters that can be unlocked throughout the stages which add to the fun of just finding them."
76561198105910020,Recommended,236090,17694927,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Explainer,"This is a goooooooood game,"
76561198028606036,Recommended,236090,17698485,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Blaank,"I've been enjoying this game a lot ! and its absolutely beautiful.I also have to say that I found a good challenge in completing this game hard difficultyIf you look at this and think that it looks fun, I strongly suggest that you give it a shot."
,Recommended,236090,17540832,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ab1g0r,"A great-looking 2D action game with a world that's fun to explore (and you will need to explore if you want to find all the little hidden treasures) and enough depth to the combat system to keep it fun until the end. Characters and story fare a little worse in comparison, which is not to say that it's not noticeably crafted with care, but many of the supporting cast remain shallow and the overarching story plays out really predictably. While that didn't detract from my enjoyment of the game even for a moment there were a few interesting themes at play here, so it's sad to see the game sqander some of its narative potential by just not investing enough time and not fleshing out all key characters."
,Recommended,236090,13254355,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sir. Hatmann™,I've never pressed a single button so hard in my entire life.
76561198016157111,Recommended,236090,16486190,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Heinz Hot & Spicy Ketchup,good game
76561198041929355,Recommended,236090,17150435,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,aymalkin,"Surprisingly good and entertaining Metroidvania platformer with beat-em-up gameplay wrapped in what looks like nothing so much as a terrible homebrew from the furry fandom. The punny name doesn't help, but this is definitely not a book to judge by its cover.Amazing value for the money. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,236090,17131210,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Milo,"Fun game, even if I find the whole talking animals meant to look like humans thing weird.  That said,  I enjoyed my experience, even did a few optional things for the sake of doing them.   Picked it up on sale, and would recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,17117942,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MJunior,xD
76561198095880140,Recommended,236090,17118308,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Atari_Lord,"This game was awesome. The combat system is addictive and simple. The story(obviously intended for younger audiences) is not bad and offers slight nostalgia to animes of my youth. Bottom line, the game was worth every penny and I strongly urge anyone looking for a fun game to pass the time until the next wave of major releases to play this."
,Recommended,236090,16969739,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,darksoul612,"I honestly was not expecting much from this when I bought it on sale for $2.99. All I can say is WOW, I was blown away. The story is quite magical and the world that the devoper has built is enthralling. Combat is everything you could ask for from a 2D beat em up. Fast and fluid, with rewarding RPG elements and gear. I wish I could forget it all just so I could experience it again. My only question is when is the sequel happening???"
76561198042274745,Recommended,236090,16973303,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Atvars,"A fun game. with simple to learn mechanics and an aestetically pleasing art style. Nice sound design and decent voice acting. An okay story, another one of the games that's kid friendly, but has a story of genocide and suffering. Works great with a controller."
,Recommended,236090,16976653,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,JuddMan,"This is a great game with a good balance of platforming, combat, and RPG elements.Beautiful backgrounds and great music really enhance the environment.It is obvious a lot of work has gone into the game. It is very well polished. I've had smooth gameplay and no bugs or glitches of any kind in two playthroughs.The game controls great. Best played with an XBox 360 controller for Windows. Controls are very responsive.The story is quite good but some of the characters dont seem to have believable motives.The voice acting is good quality, but the sidekicks voice is a bit annoying.Should you get it? If you really don't like platformers, then no. If you think anime is stupid, then you probably won't enjoy this. watch the trailer and if it interests you, then I would reccommend it as one of the better games i've played. If it's on sale, grab it."
,Recommended,236090,16927936,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Selenaloong,So epic combat and great storyline! I have no regrets of getting this game. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,16927991,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Shiroe,Just started playing and it seems interesting so far :)
,Recommended,236090,16928785,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Coaster3000,"This is one of the best indie games I have ever played.The story is awesome, despite only getting to the first major boss so far. The soundtrack is amazing!The controls are simple enough to learn. Although that isn't my determining factor in my recommendation. Just a side note for you all.I highly,HIGHLYrecommend getting this game if you're into games with an amazing story!"
,Recommended,236090,16931242,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,heavyleo,"Dust: An Elysian Tail ReviewI was recommended this game by a friend and decided to get it while it was on sale.Throughout the game, you take control of Dust who is on a journey to regain his lost memories with a magical sword called 'Blade of Ahrah' and the sword's guardian Fidget. These three characters are the main characters and appear the most in the game.The gameplay is fun and easy which good for anyone who wants to find a casual game to play. For those who want more of challenge should try the game at a higher difficulty than normal because I felt the normal difficulty was still too easy.The side characters were forgettable because most of them had small roles in the development of the main character and weren't important anymore after completing/ignoring their side quest(s).The sarcasm and jokes in the game were hilarious and poked fun at things which made the dialogue between the characters emotional and alive. Somethings were mention in the game which leaves the game opened to possible sequel(s).The game world was big enough for the content however there were several places which just annoyed me because I personally hate trying to jump onto a very specific area.Overall, this game was great fun and easy for anyone to pick up and play. I would totally recommend this game!"
76561198123947701,Recommended,236090,16935079,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kalkardon,"It took a little while to get into it, but once I did I was hooked.If you don't love it at first, just muscle through. It gets very engaging.It was long enough, but not too long. Had enough sidequests and secrets, but not so many you would be overwhelmed or hardpressed to find them all. On top of that, the story just sucks you in after a little while."
,Recommended,236090,16936025,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ReckedCat,"Simple, wonderful game with striaghtforward gameplay, and audio/visuals that match the game."
,Recommended,236090,16936109,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mr. Sujano,"I bought this game after reading some of the reviews and I don't regret my purchase.It's a very good game with a great storyline, funny dialogue, charming characters and good fighting system.The game itself is not very difficult, and with the added bonus of the RPG elements, it is very easy to make the protagonist, Dust, very strong.This game is a pseudo metroidvania game, and also has some difficult but not impossible puzzles. Combat is crisp, enemies get repetetive but have the bonus of not being damage sponges. They are fairly easy to defeat, but there can be a lot of them to impede progress. It's a nice change from some sidescroller games.To me, this game is very similar to Ori and the Blind Forest - if you like that game, chances are that you might enjoy this one as well.Great game, one of the best in it's category. The preview video does not do it near enough justice. I didn't expect to like this game as much as I do."
76561198003524050,Recommended,236090,16936522,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Tmbizzle,"If you like a decent length 2D side-scroller, then this game is for you. Bought it on sale a while back and forgot I had it. Got bored of the other games I had which range from FPS to RPG to turn based. This is a refreshing game that makes you really root for indie developers. When my roommate walks in the room and literally says, ""Holy crap that game looks INSANE."" you know it's good."
76561198080543957,Recommended,236090,16937018,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,WhiskeyCreek,2 hours and im absolutly hooked. I havn't played a game that had me ranting how good it was in such a short time for years. I was blown away by the detail that was put into this game. All the features from a AAA title you'd expect in a SIDE SCROLLER im just amazed at it and i can't stop smiling the whole time im racking up the combo meter! BUY IT seriously you whont be dissapointed!
,Recommended,236090,16840181,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Anal joe,ew
76561198096013469,Recommended,236090,16845450,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DarkKielx,"I recommend this game to any true gamer, for this game really is meant for the gamer."
,Recommended,236090,17212457,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,I'm gonna lay you out,"This game has one of the most superbly tight combat feels within it, and from that is where I stemmed alot of the enjoyment from the game. Yes, the story isn't very interesting, the voice acting a little of at times and don't get me started at the animation in cutscenes, granted they're scarce, but the flow of the combat and the overall artstyle of the game makes this a superb addition to your library.Just make sure you set it to hard difficulty, since normal is a beat too easy."
76561198105351811,Recommended,236090,16863159,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Nemesis.,"This is a review to encourage people to buy this game, not a professional review.Dust: An Elysian Tail is an action platformer, one could say beat em all. mixed with RPG elements with a system of mana and magic (your little furry friend.) You level up like in a RPG too, upgrading your attack/magic/armor and resilience, buying or crafting new gear with blueprints that you can find. The artwork is just simply beautiful, if you think they look childish you are probably a child yourself, thinking that its not 'cool'. The art style make the game just so responsive and unique, I have 4 hours into this game and only at the chapter 2! The voice actors did an amazing job, especially the actor playing Fidget, she make the character just so damn cute and entertaining.  You have a mini map metroid style. upgrades for your character metroid style even the save points are metroid style, it does deserve its metroidvania title. just buy it, click on that button, buy it, now."
,Recommended,236090,16864323,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Hugh-opon Alex,"One of the single greatest Metroidvania games I've ever played. It manages to be original and fun while building upon the basic formula of exploration. It carries an intriguing, if somewhat predictable plot, but the combat is enjoyable that the story can easily become a secondary objective for completing the game. The sidequests are fun and (to the best of my memory) many of them involve exploration of extra areas to complete. The art style and character design will probably throw a lot of people off, but I had gotten used to it after just an hour or two. The world itself is beautiful, the exploration is engrossing, discovering secrets will test your wits without relying too heavily on backtracking, the combat is addicting and delivers a great sense of flow, and the whole experience continues to feel fresh even by the end."
,Recommended,236090,16864434,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ray12370,"Just buy it.It's that good.Ignore all the furry♥♥♥♥♥♥surrounding this game, this is an amazing action platformer that any fan of the genre just has to play."
76561198014674995,Recommended,236090,16866217,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Zephyrhawk,"Beautiful game! Action is fun and fluid, art style is gorgeous, and the story is surprisingly impactful and dark, even when all the characters are cute furry animals. Worth full price, buy on sale for a steal!"
,Recommended,236090,16866239,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheMuffinGamer,Breaks 4th wall10/10
76561198022401456,Recommended,236090,16866841,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,T-Prime,"Amazing game. Just blew me away. Quite literally. That ""Dust Storm"" ability is visually impressive."
76561198047341935,Recommended,236090,16370626,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,e-wok345,"I'll admit at the time of this review I haven't played much. But you really don't need to play much to get a feel for the game. The art style is amazing, the music is great, and the combat is relatively simple so far. But there was one part the blew me away and made me think ""I have to write a review for this."" It was the map screen. The fact you could look above the map and see the stars was incredible. It's extra touches like that that make a good game."
,Recommended,236090,16376419,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Buttface #HelpHouston,"It is such great game. The graphics are amazing! The background and music and the general ambiance melted perfectly together to keep you fully immersed in the game.The characters are also relatable and charming, and the dialogues are pretty fun.Tough and hardcore modes are not to be scoffed at. (I died sometimes) :(9.8/10... not full marks just because I wanted something more to happen between Dust & Haley the blacksmith ;)"
76561198000683794,Recommended,236090,16392743,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[FE]Dr-Zakoota,nice colorful platformer !! .. still have play much .. but first impression is nice feeling .. nothing special about gameplay but characters have nice feel. get it when cheap !
,Recommended,236090,16388753,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mmarco2121,Amazing game! Fantastic art and visuals. Great story line. Great characters. Simple and easy to master fighting mechanincs. Very fun. Highly recommend.
76561198001275536,Recommended,236090,16911806,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,BuggyDE,"I got this on discount, and I am hooked."
,Recommended,236090,16916161,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,skeleton wanker,"really good and timekilling game, love it!"
76561198141221108,Recommended,236090,16918218,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,King Potato the crispy,"This game makes you work for everything. CROUCHDASH, double jump,climbing, these normal things in a roguelike game are not availible at first. The myriad of secret chests give you motivation to revisit the locations that you could not without the skills. I spent 6 hours of my sleeping time playing the day i bought the game.10/10 would give up sleep again."
,Recommended,236090,16866311,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,markm1978,"Really cool story/plot, decent stat/skills system, great controls, outstanding artstyle, cool bosses.  When this game goes on sale, buy it!"
76561198060756215,Recommended,236090,16923405,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kidicarus,Good game
76561197997381821,Recommended,236090,16882923,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,hassenpheffer,"One of the best platformers I've ever played.Pros:Visual. Beautiful backrgrounds and characters.Story. Involving, well-plotted and with some great dialogue spoken by an excellent vocal cast.Controls. Tight and simple.Play. Action packed and tense. Tons of combos, moves and abilities icluding your companion's actions.Upgrades/weapons. Lots of crafting with materials. Simple and elegant.Replayability: yes. Lots of hidden gems and secondary missions.Cons:Repetitive at times but very little given the diversity of enemies and missions.Respawning of enemies when you return to a prior area. At least you get more loot.It's a terrific game that is above most current platformers. Highly recommended! 9/10."
76561198215589152,Recommended,236090,16884714,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,animepuff,I'm just getting into games after about a decade of not playing much. This game kept me from leaving the house for almost two days straight--just had to make a quick trip to the market for sustenance. Really nice graphics and smooth controls. The world is visually captivating. The plot was well balanced between the main story and side tasks that keep you from having a one-track mindset. Very highly recommend!
76561198010633290,Recommended,236090,16886262,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hulkfly,7.5 out of 10 too much fun.
76561198020720029,Recommended,236090,16887386,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,The Rarest Temmie,"This game is worth every penny. Combat never felt boring and the graphical style is just gorgeous.And the ""For my dearest Elizabeth"" at the end of the credits just made me warm at heart. If you like this kind of games then you should 100% buy Dust: An Elysian Tail.Btw Fidget is an awesome sidekick... #FidgetForJarJarBinks"
76561198030246089,Recommended,236090,10220940,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,0perator 88,"Lovely Art, Amazing combat system, I thought it was great.  Really surprised at how good combat was."
76561198062417966,Recommended,236090,9799847,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jericho,This is an awesome game that i think everyone should try.
76561198078292306,Recommended,236090,8384739,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SinsLair,"How shoud I put this? This is kind of game that you could one day tell to your kids as bedtime stories. Atmosphere and the fairy-tale-like colourful scenery accompinied with lovely soundtrack, turns this game into an adorable magic run.The 2 main character of the game Dust (player) and Fidget (his sidekick) go through butt-kicking to find out what/who Dust once was; and to reveal mysterious nature of his."
76561197999941235,Recommended,236090,10221603,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,XilentKnight,Buy this game. That is all you need to know.
76561198098849649,Recommended,236090,10221612,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Cynder,The animations and graphics in this are beautiful. This is great sidescrolling action game with beautiful areas to explore and plenty of secrets to find. Definitely worth playing through at least once.
76561198015444465,Recommended,236090,10222465,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,sakaboto_jea,"Fun, quick side scroller. Main down side is lenght, its fairly short"
,Recommended,236090,10222704,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Power Clit,"I highly recommend this game. Short as it may be, but its an excellent side-scroller with a huge amount of potential to have a second game come out.Of course, the negative side is once you beat it, you can pretty much dominate anything and go through it again with a super over-powered weapon.I sense a multi-player comming out? #spoileralertTake it, its a pretty fun game. Can't stop till you're done! 4/5"
,Recommended,236090,10222992,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Grimnir_,"Very fun brawler that doesn't take too long to finish! Pretty linear, but works well."
,Recommended,236090,10223726,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,metalcrane,"This is a solid 2d action/platformer in the Metroid/'Vania style.  A lot of players may be turned off by the cutesy graphics and story, but they are missing a real gameplay gem.The game isn't for everyone, but it's an excellent grab, especially on sale."
76561197979495111,Recommended,236090,10223811,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,astaniel,was a great game
,Recommended,236090,393183,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,theredace,This game blows my freakin' mind. Sooooooo good.
,Recommended,236090,4607790,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,HeadshotHeadache,Like platforming? Like doing crazy combos? Like a good story? Dust An Elysian Tail has is all.
76561197980254802,Recommended,236090,10224382,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tanin Wulf,Fan-freakin'-tastic.
,Recommended,236090,10224518,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dezzeras,"GraphicsUnique 2D art style mixed with 3D models. Nothing else like it.ConceptA bunch of animals get killed by another race of animals. You are the one to bring the guilty to justice. All this while battling a dark secret within you tearing you literally in two.GameplaySolid combo system. Upgrade screen, with unique armors/weapons/pendants to craft. Lots of hidden areas, with many cool collectibles to find, most based on other popular games.ControlsA controller is highly recommended. It was developed specifically for it.OverallI had a great time while playing Dust. It was a unique experience with a great story that kept me hooked. Replay value is there within the challenge modes.9/10"
76561197966961253,Recommended,236090,10224541,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Cruentus Liber,"there are not many metroidvania games that worth playing, but Dust is one the best with beautiful graphics and story, smooth gameplay, i recommend it at any price"
76561198039539402,Recommended,236090,10224947,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TwoCakes McGhee,Awesome side scroller! Really fun.
,Recommended,236090,10686882,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nessi,"One of my faves if not my favorite. Right now its 5 dollars in the store, but its worth at least a billion times more cuz its freakin awesome 10/10"
76561198094872837,Recommended,236090,10689025,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nonprofitraptor,great game
,Recommended,236090,8550867,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KnightViper[FT],"I bought it on sale but would in a heart beat buy it for full price. This game has it all: Story, Tons of Humor, Quests, Experience Levels & customize your stats, Equipment, Materials & Crafting, Discover New Abilities, and the graphics alone could be considered a feature! The first time you create a dust storm and launch projectiles into it, you'll laugh a little at the craziness that happens on screen. It only gets better from there! This is one adventure you don't want to miss!  (Expect about 9-12 hours of gameplay unless your a completionist, then more like 17+ hrs)"
76561198025077134,Recommended,236090,10690143,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Casekad,"Great game, fun, the artwork is great!"
76561198168632114,Recommended,236090,23477518,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BearlyVictorious,Beautiful game with lots of R1-spamming style battles. Great story made me want to cry. Awesome game.
76561198000432355,Recommended,236090,22985413,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Herrlich,"Very much liked the look and the fluid gameplay, along with a touching story."
76561198044745456,Recommended,236090,5070271,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Vac,"After a couple of years of dull, repetitive mainstream gaming, crawling through what felt like the same grind, same level design, same game build up through dozens upon dozens of titles, I'm please to say ""Dust"" was a breath of ""fresh air"".An indie side-scroll brawling game at heart, Dust is mixed with various forms of platforming and flashy combat that are sure to keep you entertained from start to finish."
76561198051380168,Recommended,236090,23034013,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,timmyterrific13,"One of the best action platformers that I have played. It was incredibly fun to play through and story keeps you wanting to keep playing. The treasures in each level keep you coming back to locations to finish the game fully. Only downside I, in my opinion, is the backtracking required to actually finish the game ""100%.""Pros:+fantastic story+fluid combat+character development and connection+great scenery and graphic as a whole+soundtrack is amazing+crafting is not impossible and can be funCons:-some secret levels can be hard to find-once you get certain items, healing and damage can be unbalaced-100% is not full finish of game as it goes to 112%"
76561197995602640,Recommended,236090,22973331,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sabith,"Fun game in the end, but I found the combat to be very rinse/repeat once I found a good strategy.5.5/10.  I enjoyed it but I was getting a little bored by the time I finished it."
,Recommended,236090,4570757,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,badgersaur,"Super cute, a very fun battle system, just enough RPG elements and just enough adventure elements-- all in all, this game is a good buy."
,Recommended,236090,7435212,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Dr.Muikku,Just absolutely bloody beautiful!
,Not Recommended,236090,19031035,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,joyrock1,"Although simple, something about the large number of NPCs and mildly humorous dialogue makes me crave anime. This game feels very Japanese and I found that really inspiring. However, the game gets too difficult eventually and I feel like I'm just a bottomless pit for healing items. I spend all combat now spamming whatever attack will keep me the furthest away from the enemies, or even keep them off screen. Despite min-maxing my charcater stats and crafting the best items available to me, I feel the main char is brittle and weak and I'm one or two hits away from death. It is a beautiful game but it needs to be rebalanced."
,Recommended,236090,23240646,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ulven,"No doubt one of the best games i've played for many years!Great story, stunning graphics and beautifull sounds.If there is anything wrong with this game, it must be that it's a bit short (10-25 hours playtime).Looking forward to the sequel!"
76561198128523501,Recommended,236090,23218901,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Catfox,This game is gorgeous and the dialogue can be funny. Some of the voices are annoying though. I like that some of the tasks are more challenging than others. I am almost done with my first play through and plan to go again at a higher difficulty setting.
,Recommended,236090,23247209,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Crevarius,"This game is a real treat.  The controls are tight, the voice acting is good, difficulty curve is well balanced, and everything fits together so very well.  I am looking forward to more games in this vein from Humble Hearts.On a technical note, this game benefited greatly from the ultra low motion blur mode on my old ROG Swift monitor.  If you have a monitor with that feature, this game's art style is practically designed to showcase it."
,Recommended,236090,23174177,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mancesco,"Beautiful art style, fantastic soundtrack, simple yet engaging gameplay."
,Recommended,236090,23197777,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,BottomFeeder,"Little kidsy and a bit to easy, but a very well put together game. It's weakness is in the loot, they built room for much more depth in their items and character that they don't use. However everything that is there is fully fleshed out with a very attractive come together in their art in motion."
76561198072889036,Recommended,236090,23404767,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Xaryn,"Dust is a wonderful game that has only few complaints from me. The environments are beautiful and the artstyle in general of this game is nothing less of gorgeous. The combat is fun and the replay value is there when, after you gain a new ability, going back to older areas and trying to find every nugget of hidden treasure will take hours of extra time. Upgrading abilities is fun and easy and makes for a good, solid progression in the game.The story is good and the humor is definently there... if you want to sit through what sometimes feels like more dialouge than gameplay sometimes. That is my only complaint with this game: the sometimes non-skipable bits of dialouge in the game. While the story itself is really good and the voiceacting is wonderful and humorous, it can sometimes be a bit long and winded. This is certainly NOT a good enough reason not to get this title, it is something I wanted prospective buyers to be aware of.Overall its a wonderful game that you'll love and spend enjoyable time conquering. Get it."
76561198018345149,Recommended,236090,3157118,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Arkham Knight,"This is an incredible game, loving it - to be played only on hardest difficulty!"
76561198048295196,Recommended,236090,23960654,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Coral [BDay in 6 Days],"This game... This FREAKING AMAZING GAME!I'm amazed on how good it is, even in today's standards.EVERYTHING about this game made me love it! Graphics, animation, Characters, even the FIGHTS!Even FIDGET made me laugh at times! I freaking LOVE her! Overall Rating; 8.9/10. Love it, but I still like Freedom Planet more than this"
76561198117133651,Recommended,236090,23978344,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SpikerBoo,-finds key in hard to reach area-Spends 30 minutes trying to get a key-gets key-proud-later in game realize I wasnt supposed to get the key by exploiting-finds new key in hard to reach area-repeat
76561198305530527,Recommended,236090,23995320,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FoxyThePirate72,Amazing.
,Recommended,236090,4405255,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Cappurnikus,I really enjoyed this game.  Hard to believe it was developed by one person.
,Recommended,236090,3566884,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,HDNA,"Nice Art, Fast Paced, Decent Story."
,Recommended,236090,451568,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Leftenant W1lDf1r-3,"When you first read that Dust: An Elysian Tail is written, programmed and drawn by a single person you'd be hard pressed to believe that. But believe you should as Dust is a wonderful game to play.It has an engaging story as you play as Dust with his sidekick Fidget across beautifully drawn worlds with combat mechanics that are easy to learn that get progressively more potent as you upgrade your stats. Part of that are the slick controls that work well in both controller and keyboard/mouse. Even the voice acting is pretty good.The PC version is buffed with sharper artwork and nice variety of options to tweak the game to your systems requirement.There are some who may skip over this game because of it's artistic choice and it's use of anthropomorphic characters which I think is a shame as it seems a lot of ppl are too quick to judge and assume the worst in everything.A great game when it came to the 360, it remains so on the PC. A must buy."
,Recommended,236090,375770,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,CoCoNO,"Great Visual. Tight Gamepla. Nice History, a littled unbalanced here and there (*Cof - Dust Storm- Uncinvincing Cof*). But over all  a great experience, even for me that im a pc shooter fan, this is a great tale, give it a chanse."
76561197999356037,Recommended,236090,1889593,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Zormau,"Awesome art design, fluid combat and movement, very nice story, good characters, great soundtrack, all in all a well rounded package. To put it like TotalBiscuit: Buy the game!"
,Recommended,236090,4048969,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,pitman,"A very enjoyable game with a nice (and cliche) story.Soundtrack is great and pleasant to listen and fits well with the environments.The metrovania aspect of the game is done pretty well though I felt the rewards for exploring were miniscule, health upgrades and money mostly.The battle system while simple (you don't learn new sword techniques)  is extremely satisfying and executing combos feels immensely satisfying.The game is fairly easy and I recommend at least playing on Tough.Overall a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,236090,7742320,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tN|Snespy,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is such a surprise in every right way.  This metroidvania and hack n slash game is very ambitious for ONE person.  The level designs are beautiful.  The art style is very colorful/fun.  I enjoyed the button mashing (personal preference) mixing with very little projectiles that the game offered.For the full review, check out:co-opmodereviews.comThis will mark the 30th episode for our group.  Over all, I liked it.  Dean DoDrill's passion shines brightly within this game.  If he would to make another game similar to Dust, I'll buy it.(Episode is not up yet.  We'll record our episode the week of Dec 2nd.)"
,Recommended,236090,3391859,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Jafrica,So epic it'll melt your face off!
,Recommended,236090,2806773,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,The™ Baron,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a very impressive feat for a game made almost entirely by one man. The controls are incredibly fluid and responsive. The levels boast good platforming and tons of secrets, and the game encourages you to come back to look for more whenever you find the right upgrades. The artwork is a gorgeous mixture of Renaissance-era Disney and anime. The final boss can be a real pain, but this game is well worth a look."
76561198002352088,Recommended,236090,7989932,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,gorillahandz,"What a great, great game. It did so many things right, and to think all (except the music) of it was done by one man, it gives him wicked respect from me. You need to play this game. It's amazing, and well worth every cent."
,Recommended,236090,7990572,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Falconpunch,"I just beat the game ""Dust"" on pc. Even though it's voice acting was odd, the art style varied heavily, short game time of only 15hrs, and the storyline was chaotic, the game was solid in its gameplay and the end of the story and its cut scene was actually very good. I have to say that it has been the most fun game I have played in a while. I'm surprised I never heard of it before. I recommend this game to all."
76561197997310772,Recommended,236090,7991065,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Galanthis,Dásamlegur leikur
,Recommended,236090,7919966,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ToughBad,I love it!Action-packed  and fun gameplay.Beautiful world. Fell in love with the character. It does have it all.
76561198014832261,Recommended,236090,7697956,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Tenevik,I have not been playing this kind of briliantly polished game for a long time. Literally no bugs or any other kind of problems. Good music. Great  fairy tale. Very responsive combat movements. A lot of items and secrets. Definetly worth its money. Dont wait for discount and buy it now to support this game Developer. He is worthy of your attention. I suggest you to play on hardcore mode so the game will be tense until the end. Finished it on hard mode and with my high end equipment at the last two maps i was unkillable. So go for Harcore and never regret it :D
,Recommended,236090,7992919,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mr. Saturn,"I picked this game up on a sale and it had been sitting in my list of games in a backlog for a long time. Decided to finally play it. Put around 8-9 hours into it. I was kind of misled. I was sold on the notion that this had super metroid elements. This game definitely does NOT have those elements. Exploration is fairly linear; and what there is to see or find isn't really worth your time. The game has a 2d platformer feel similar to that of games of Odin Sphere. Also has a similar art style too. So that's a plus in my book. Gameplay is particularly mindless, but satisfying if not boring after a while. It's essentially a hack and slash. No deep combo systems or anything to speak of. You have a companion called Fidget who can cast spells that are useless by themselves but combined with Dust's special ability can cause screen filling chaos. Other than that, it's a press and hold X to win kind of game. That's fine if you are into that, but just know what you are getting into.Enemy AI is pretty terrible. They don't really do anything to avoid you. They mindlessly rush into your flurry of slashes and have no way to really keep you from doing so. Pretty large oversight in my book. I played on Tough, so I didn't play on the difficulty after that which is as hard as it goes. Maybe it gets better/harder on the 5th difficulty, but I doubt it after my experiences on the 4th difficulty.The story is pretty nice. I won't really get into it, but it's a solid little adventure. Can't really fault it there. It kept me interested enough to play through the game. The ending was kind of cheesy, as well as the last 3/4's of the game, but it wraps up nicely.The voice acting is decent. The guy who voiced Dust tried to hard to sound edgy and mysterious, and Fidget annoyed the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I also hated how Fidget kept trying to be witty and break the 4th wall. I just learned to skip through all her dialogue. She never said anything relevant.  Everyone else was fine though.Art style and what not didn't bother me. I actually found the in game graphics very pleasant to look at. I also liked how they handled dialogue with the animated 3d renderings that talked out their part. it's a nice little touch and very appreciated.The game ran fine on my 5 year old laptop. That's saying something I suppose. The achievement list encourages at least 2 playthroughs. I don't see why anyone would want to after you beat it once. The game honestly doesn't offer much enjoyment to go through again.I know it seems like I was really hard on the game. Fact is, it just isn't anything spectacular. It's a mediocre experience. However, I can still recommend this game to people on the basis of if you like mindless hack and slash 2d side scrollers, it's worth a purchase if it goes on sale again. Just don't go in expecting anything like a metroid journey or whatever people say about it. it's not true."
76561197994597257,Recommended,236090,7993119,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,lordofllama,"It is a little campy, but I think that just adds to the game. The dialog and game play are top notch. I have yet to incounter any flaws."
,Recommended,236090,7900794,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dracklore,"An artsy game. Quite pretty. A bit repetitive in regard to combat, but it is still quite satisfying. Game is fast-paced and highly combo based."
76561198079643895,Recommended,236090,7994158,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Marama Hrolf,Fun platformer and a great storyline.
,Recommended,236090,7997484,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,P1nkie_P13,"This game is a great hack and slash platformer, the controls are simple enough to learn and hard to master. Each level has been hand drawn and painted. I would say that if it has a failing its that the game is a littl short and, aside from attempting the hardcore mode, has little replayability.Even the sidekck character (usually annoying) is charming and funny. She even breaks the 4th wall.. regularly.I would highly recommed getting this. :)"
76561198053002322,Recommended,236090,8029425,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Shilo,"Some of the cutscene animations are awkward, but story and gameplay more than make up for it"
76561198036095987,Recommended,236090,8032049,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,hesca,"If you like chained attacks and combos, this is a fun game. However, the enemy types and attack patterns are repetitive and predictable so don´t expect a challenge.The story is pretty corny too.If you expect this to be anything like a Castlevania SOTN-type of game, expect some dissappointment.Overall fun, but it gets a bit repetitive."
,Recommended,236090,6034738,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Mattymace,Absolutely fantastic from start to finish
,Recommended,236090,8043123,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Raseht,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a fun action-adventure game with plenty of secrets and references to other indie games. At the start, you are discovered by the sword, Ahrah, and it's guardian, Fidget (a character vaguely reminiscent of Ruby from LUNAR 2: Eternal Blue.) It's really fun to whirl through the air and through hordes of enemies on your way to discover your identity and purpose. While the first half of the game is a stroll through plains and mountains that look very similar, the second half takes you underground, through hallowed ground, over snowy peaks, and into a fiery volcanic basin. There are only a few bosses and the enemy design is sometimes bizarre, but mostly a standard cast of trolls, minotaurs, goblins, et al. Regardless, the art style is coherent and enjoyable. The game is not very difficult on the standard difficulty and there are no instant fatalities (i.e. there are no pits and lava/spikes only cause nominal damage.)Overall, I was reminded of the feel of Super Ghouls 'n' Ghosts, if Arthur was an unstoppable flying anthropomorphic mink/fox. This game is definitely worth the few hours of your time to play if you generally enjoy platforming and hack-and-slash mechanics."
,Recommended,236090,4677612,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Bunsig the Hot Soup,Buy it.
76561197982063035,Recommended,236090,7954467,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Midô,"A great game. Really fun to play, challanging when played with the right difficulty, and boss fights are challanging even with good equip! And don't get me started on the story, maybe not new but great no the less."
,Recommended,236090,3590296,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Stampie,"A well-written tale in a form of 2D platform-action game, however, on the easier side. Fun to play."
76561198051048054,Recommended,236090,7944197,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,R.I.P.,"I've found this to be a great game!-It is an ACTION packed PLATFORMER with a twist of RPG elements.Beautiful hand-painted design, nice soundtrack, responsive controls, (especially with an XBOX controller) and a nice and immersive story add to the basket!The game is quite long(it took me about 17 hours to finish it)One thing i should really point out, is the exceptional voice acting, Especially Fidget, is really coulorful and comes to life thanks to Kimlinh Tran's voice acting...she is really enjoyable.-On the negatives, Dust: An Elysian Tail can became a little repetitive, and has not much replay value!!"
,Recommended,236090,5606826,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Kihunter,"This game is just amazing. From art, to gameplay, to controls this is one of the best games I've played in a long, long time. If you like games such as Castlevania, Castle Crashers, The Legend of Zelda, Metroid, or games similar to those you will love this piece of art."
,Recommended,236090,8060148,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Heyzeus,"Fun game, awesome story and characters :^)"
76561198033984863,Recommended,236090,7554517,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Archer (Argonian Brony),this was just an overall amazing game
76561198025422000,Recommended,236090,8062531,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mandibleman,Very good game.  Just play it...its really good.
,Recommended,236090,8063988,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,woodChip,"one of the best games i've ever played. incredible story, great combat system.  I honestly just wish it were longer."
76561198002960752,Recommended,236090,8064200,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Shoot first ask later,kinda of short but a good story
76561198040928580,Recommended,236090,8065269,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Xume,very good game
76561198040364212,Recommended,236090,8149527,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Frozen Fenrir,"This game is truly a gem for anyone that likes story mixed with their action. It has it's moment of where it is intense, sadness and down right hilarity as well. Playing through it entirely to give a fair review made me see that the game while at times having a small tweak or two (my own opinion mind you) is one of those games you just need to try at least. Even after ""beating"" the game their is things to go back and do, like finding the secrets and testing your skills in the arena."
76561197985273650,Recommended,236090,8150013,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kapiikopat,"This is a wonderful experience with a great combo oriented fighting style. The story is above average at best (though some parts of the story, especially at the end, are a bit inconsistent and hurt an otherwise decent story), and the humor is passable, getting a few chuckles out of me. But the true meat of the game lies in it's combat system, which is very combo oriented as I mentioned earlier, encouraging the player to combo as much as possible by not only giving you ways to break the ""resting"" frames that Dust has occasionally after chaining his moves together in a specific way, but also giving you a way to move across the map quickly, if blindly, in hopes of keeping that combo up.Retracing my steps to get hidden collectibles became faster as the game progressed and I learned how the mechanics of the combat system worked (which is a huge bonus, because having to retrace one's steps can be such a boring time-sink in some games that I don't even bother with total completion), and was actually a little bit fun. Learning how to travel fast was the best part of retracing my steps, though, because I learned it myself just from playing around with the game. The developers knew that the mechanic was in the game, they even had a collectible that could only be gotten by abusing the fast-travel mechanic, but no one tells you, or even hints at, how to get that collectible and it's only through playing with the game and noticing the mechanics of the combat system do you figure out how to get the collectible.All-in-all, I highly recommend this game. It only took me 20 hours to unlock and collect everything, but they were hours spent enjoying the game, which is more than I can say for a lot of other games that I've played."
76561198062420651,Recommended,236090,8151619,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shining Spear,"It's a tad on the easy side, but this game is a lot of fun.  The visuals are great, combat is entertaining, and the story is solid as well (if a bit overdone).  Even the obnoxious sidekick character is endearing!  It's well worth your time."
,Recommended,236090,8151888,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,stupid.straycat,"Played this briefly on a friend's account, and knew I had to have it."
,Recommended,236090,30961,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,DeafSniper,"Gorgeous scenery & vibrant colors.  Decent storyline, fairly engaging if somewhat repetitive combat, and interesting 'puzzles'.  A bit short, but plenty of places to backtrack and explore.  Looking forward to a sequel."
76561197998363384,Recommended,236090,8153577,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Alchemicalia,"Well designed, graphically pleasing 2D scroller.  Story line is solid, movement is fluid and for the price and excellent (excellent) choice if you are looking for a game of this type.   You probably have spent twice as much for less than this game has to offer."
76561198045105137,Recommended,236090,5106303,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,slymaz,"I'm bad at explaining why a game is good, so I'll just say that I got attached to all the characters in this game, the story had me interested the entire way through, and culminated in a very satisfying ending which is well worth your time. I insist you play it."
,Recommended,236090,8154096,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Conkor,This game has an amazing storyline and gameplay.
,Recommended,236090,14219302,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ghedian,Definately Recommended. Not much to dislike about this game in my opinion. Full of fun and adventure!
76561198135178389,Recommended,236090,14010770,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nenock,One of the best games I've played the only downside is that although it is serveral hours long it simply is not long enough.
76561198029590634,Recommended,236090,14011967,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,thesecretpenguin,"A beautiful game with an interesting story.  Chaining combos feels very rewarding, and is challanging without being excessive.  Voice acting is well done, and the hand painted backgrounds are a treat to look at.  Not a long game (took me a little more than 15 hours with going back to hunt for old treasures) but still worth picking up.  Overall, a quality game."
,Recommended,236090,13999414,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rascus,"""A beautiful story told in a gorgeous handpainted 2D platformer. To think that this was made by a single person... - Buy it - play it - love it!""In the game where everyone is an anthropomorphic animal of some sort, you play as Dust - a man who's lost his memory of who he is and why he's there. At his side he have a talking magic sword, called the Blade of Ahrah that guides him in what he could do to regain his memory. By wielding the sword he also gains incredible skills in combat. He is also accompanied by a small flying creature called Fidget, who reminds me a bit of Happy out of the Fairy Tail anime. In his travels through the land he encounters friendly people who's in need of help, a mysterious merchant from a distant land and strange lizard-like creatures that at first seems like monsters, but there's more to them than it seems...The landscape is beautifully made and all handpainted with lots of color. All the characters have their own little personalities and are often a bit comical (for example- the flying creature Fidget has a fear of heights). The story is well written, but can be difficult to keep up with in the beginning. The combat mechanics are top notch and there are tons of moves and combinations to learn and use against countless enemies. Every move is beatifully animated and really flow together with the rest.The really impressive feat with this game is however that it's all made by one person, except for the voice acting (which is done by numerous other people), and the excellent soundtrack by HyperDuck Soundworks.I got this game for the same price as a bag of crisps from a sale. I would easily pay full price for this game though - in fact i feel ashamed that I didn't. At the sale prices this has had it's a steal.No matter what price they offer it for though, as said in the beginning - ""Buy it, play it, love it""."
,Recommended,236090,13999985,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,mjenso,"One of the best platformers I've played recently. Great story presented with a nice graphics, smooth controls. Game is pretty easy but there's always something to do like side quests. At first I was sceptic, I though that I will get lost or forget aobut the quests but it's all designed very well, you'll never get lost and with new mechanics you'll come back to old part of the game world and explore some more.If you don't have an X360 pad then you should get one just to play this game and feel that experience. I highly recommend, have fun!By the way, I just lovethe idea to hide characters from other games in the cages!"
,Recommended,236090,14001617,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Commander BroShep,"Been playing this for a while now, already stepped up to Hardcore mode and I still love every single minute of this game. The graphics look as if almost every single piece of it, character models and attack effects included, look as if they were all hand drawn and that takes much effort and the game shows it. The characters are loveable (minus Gianni) and some you can actually relate too, or relate to someone else you know. My favorite support characters in the game are right now Sereth, the merchant that follows you around (ZOMG SPOILERZ), Cora because she reminds me of my own grandmother who passed away some time ago, and Haley the blacksmith girl for her spunky attitude and cheerfulness (*coughcoughshipwithdustcoughcough*). Dust himself is a rather interesting character, it starts off with him trying to find out who he is, and when he does find out, he now knows why he was created and leads the Moonbloods to take back their freedom. Fidget has my vote for best sidekick, she is by far one of the funniest and most loveable characters I've ever seen in an indie game, plus once you give her stats a higher number, she becomes a tiny power house of death.But this is far from being called a ""perfect game"", like most it does have it's flaws that I've noticed in my time playing it. My biggest gripe is the enemies movements. The fact that most enemies become invincible when they jump can really hurt you in combat unless you have Fidget throwing out her magic to catch them when they land.The second is the EXP system, I can see it's like playing the Batman Arkham series where you rack up the damage and combo number and the more you score, the higher the EXP bonus. But again going back to the enemies, it just takes one jumping and then ♥♥♥♥♥ slapping you from behind and you lose all of that hard work which made me rage on more than one occasion (example being Corbin's sidequest to do a 1000 hit combo...f*cking zombies).And the third being your healing methods. I'm sorry to say but having to fully rely on healing items that are damned expensive if you need to buy any is rather bad design. I get the creator wanted the player to not HAVE to rely on healing items so much so you can perfect your combat skills, but when enemies surround you and you're near death, you blow through all of either one or all of your healing items just to get back a decent amount of HP to keep fighting. It probably would've saved players much more time and hassle if say, Aurora Village had an Inn of some kind so you can restore your HP if you don't have the gold for healing items, or rather recover Dusts HP when you go to the map screen to select a destination, giving Teleport Stones a more useful purpose.Critics aside, this is still a fun game to keep you entertained for hours as well as emrese you in it's story to keep you on your toes. Many sidequests to keep you from being bored, and characters you'll love to keep you laughing and loving as well.On the Kid Icarus Uprising scale, I give this game an 8.3 out of 9.0"
,Recommended,236090,14024842,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pooch,"A very interesting, quick paced game, however, it may not appeal to all, as the combat is very fast paced, and reminiscent of a slasher game. Though simplistic, the combat has just the right amount of depth to get into quickly, but provides a high skill ceiling, rewarding more skillful play!The story is quite intriguing, though nothing extra ordinary. It is very, very enjoyable, however, from what I’ve experienced so far!The art direction is very well placed and well executed, creating a seamless, immersive world, with the feeling of the early 90s cartoon shows, anime and other influences, so it may appeal to quite a broad audience, both taste and age wise! Dust also has a fantastic amount of tasteful references."
76561197980298729,Recommended,236090,14020491,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MadBrozzeR,"This game is defiantly MUST be the first reviewed by me on Steam. Even if it will be the only one.From the first glance on this game videos I didn't see me buying it. I wasn't interested in action on my screen.But once I wanted to play something new. And there was some low prices. And there was Linux support. And full controller support. And ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews. And I wondered: why?And I wondered: why the hell not to try?And then there was only 62 hours of my free time filled with Dust (and Blade of Ahrah, and Fidget, and Ginger, etc.)I started game on average difficulty. After game was finished I immediately started it on high difficulty. The game is not very difficult but in some cases it can be relatively tense. I wouldn't call it ""replayable"" either, but I really wanted to enjoy this experience one more time.And no doubt it IS charming, beautiful and FUN. One of the best entertaining game I ever played.The only thing in this game I was really missing is Russian localization. I would totally want to share this game experience with my wife who don't speak any language but Russian. Even tried to search for some localization text files in game folders to translate it by myself, but, alas, there is none...Totally recommend it. To everyone."
,Recommended,236090,13842303,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Frogging101,"Wonderfully fluid motion, beautiful artwork (seriously, the graphics are stunning), engaging soundtrack, absolutely adorable characters, and Linux support. It's a really delightful and enjoyable game. Buy it; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,236090,7469283,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Daimyo Doge,"One very cool side scroller. Awesome art work, the game play is fantastic and not to mention cool storyline. High replay value. Can't recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,236090,8415745,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Slow Cooker,"Lovely game, great graphics and voice acting the fighting is smooth and the controls are responsive all together really worth the buy 10/10 would play again"
76561198065942301,Recommended,236090,11930844,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,andrwtyr1,"Extremely well-made game.Pros:-Megaman-style scroll feel with incredible graphics >> background, foreground, ability/fighting animation.-Decent music, although I was far too engrossed with the game play to even hear it.  Good, but not overwhelming.-I really like having the ""no rush"" sense of the game-creator(s) gave with the dialog.  They could have edited a lot of the ""flavor text"" out of the dialog with other characters, but they didn't.  Not only does a NPC thank you for saving them, but it's not a rushed ""thanks"", they'll tell you why they were in danger in the first place, opening up another quest, a little about their personal lives and a reward an a little info on it.  All this in full speech so you can here the different dialog, accents and slang of the different parts of the map.  I'm usually not much on dialog, but this really struck me as different and refreshing.-Full speech (as stated above).  Love the fact that they took time to do that instead of just reading dialog boxes.-Good storyline.-Responsive movement controls.  No problems w/ platforming.  Quick reaction time >> no delay in movement.-Large crafting system.-Merchant stock-system.  Sell any item to the merchant and he'll get more in stock later.  Good for rare materials so you dont have to grind.  Rarer items do cost more money though obviously so the merchant isn't just a duplication machine.-Lots of side quests.-4 difficulty levels.-Problem-solving, hack'n'slash, and battle-tactics game play.-Hearing-impared, visually-impared (HUD size is adjustable), and color-blind aid options from the start.Cons:-Attack controls are quick until you try to pull off a specific combo.  Bit of a lag in trying to string the combo-clicks. This isn't that big of an issue as you have your normal attacks, Fidget-attacks, and dual-power attacks to really own the enemies.  That, and if you mouse-mash you're bound to pull off a few combos.-Most levels only have two ways out to get to the map.  This makes for some tedious side-scrolling to get out of a level.  But again, there are several ways the creator(s) help alleviate the problem; When you enter a level you can start from any save point in the level >> makes getting to a specific point much easier.  You can use a teleporter gem (forgot the real name) to get out of the level to the map from any save point in that level.  And last (and my favorite) using the whirlwind-dive attack, you can sweep through most sections of a level very quickly.All this said:Love this game.Well worth the buy.Needs a prequel, sequel, and a show.9/10"
76561198060445418,Recommended,236090,6167790,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,jchaosmaster,I would defently Recommend this game to anyone looking for a good time. The guy dust is really fun to play as you get more and more god like. Some nice builds simple but affective and the story is very good. A combination of sad and funny. Worth every penny.On my secong play through i have to say it's just as much fun and enjoyable.
76561198110840499,Recommended,236090,15758935,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Nuss,a great game with one of the best storylines that i have seen in years
,Recommended,236090,5431747,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Dusk,Great game. Don't miss it.
76561198007674930,Recommended,236090,15766164,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fel,"One of the best action plateformers I played to date.Responsive gameplay, relatively few moves, but most of them requiring you to think before pressing buttons in order to be able to hit enemies without taking damage yourself.The graphics are really nice, with good animations. The only detail that might bother some people is the use of animal people, because it seems that a lot of people forgot that it was a big thing in the 90's kid programs we were watching, and somehow assimilate it to dirty pornography (no clue why personally).On the sound department, the music is great, and the voice acting correct, if a bit ""anime"" style (I happen to like it).Difficulty-wise, it should hit home for most people, the easier modes being doable without too much skill required, for those that want the story, or to familiarize themselves with the controls.The harder difficulties are not your basic ""more HP, hit harder"", the enemies will more actively try to hit you, and the fact that most screen feature quite a few enemies in groups, it makes the whole thing way more challenging.The only passable part about this is the last boss, that is way too easy, compared to the rest of the game.The controls are responsive, and it is possible to completely play with either a gamepad or the keyboard + mouse combo, and the two control schemes were done differently, so that each takes full advantage of the strengths it offers.All in all, a great game for anyone having even a passing interest in the action plateform.To top it off, the whole game was made and ported by a single person, with only the music and the voice acting not being from him, which should put to shame every single one of the shoddy ports that we get."
,Recommended,236090,15772685,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sunkle Hoghedge,"Very fun, plays very well, very beautiful graphics. Amazing. I give it a 420/69"
,Recommended,236090,15210952,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,P4r14h,"Finally beat it, was a good game overall. Nice to play an old school platform action game again"
76561198039450028,Recommended,236090,8462568,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Simppo,WOW SUCH GOOD
,Recommended,236090,15708739,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xiro,Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,236090,7902151,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GamerKnight332,This Game is an Amazing one.Words cant describe. how one of a kind it is.There needs to be another one.*Legends are formed from this game*
76561198043727714,Recommended,236090,15000841,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,veghead13,"A wonderful game with some minor bugs. The soundtrack is nice and the voice acting is pretty good (reasonably believabe but some voices were a bit too melodramatic or too flat). The artwork is lovely and engaging. I like the balance of cutscenes to play. However, in the course of playing through the whole game (pretty much in the course of one Saturday), it did close down on me a couple of time. Thankfully save locations are prevalent so you won't loose too much, but it was frustrating to have to repeat a couple of minutes due to stablity issues (playing on Mac with controller). Controller support is very good and has a comfortable button layout."
76561198013331165,Recommended,236090,14981177,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Toaster on Fire,"Fun brawler, great art. Plays well with a controller."
,Recommended,236090,892944,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Takkun,Love this game and it's cute cast :3 been a while since i've played a platformer as good as this with everything it has to offer.
76561198070911606,Recommended,236090,15513245,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Wash Manblast,"art style is reminiscent of maple story, and the gameplay feels like 2d castlevania.  play that shiz yo."
76561198040841853,Recommended,236090,15449529,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mirkz,"Rated 3.5/5 for me.Story is interesting, but a little cliche at first.Artwork is gorgeous.Voice acting is great.Combat is good for a platformer.This was a title I'd had in my library for a long time and never got around to trying until just recently.I'm glad I played through it, and would recommend for anyone into platformers. Me personally, I don't enjoy platformers THAT much, but it was still fun. Couple of tricky bits along the way, but that was due to how I was assigning skills, not the game's fault.If you've got it in your library, it's worth a look. Takes about 8-9hrs ish to complete the main story, more if you do all the side quests. (I did a few here and there but couldn't be bothered at the end)."
76561198051963567,Recommended,236090,15460819,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,emmyjenny90,Very good game. i enjoyed the Combat that didn't require me to memerise combos to progress. The difficulty increased and was easy to change if i found a section i couldn't complete.
76561198186517219,Recommended,236090,15469036,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Winged Apollyon,"Beautiful game, beautiful graphics, awsome combat, all the characters have their own personality, breath taking music.I loved the metroidvania ( metroid+castlevania ) feel to this game.I highly recommend this amazing 2d platorming game"
,Recommended,236090,4064147,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,[LSL] Blazerer,"It was...beyond it's worth. Great storyline, fabulous storytelling and both the voice acting and the music were simply beautiful. Definetly one of my most favorite games."
,Recommended,236090,15562617,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cellocat007,Play an amnesiac blue fox seeking to regain his memory with the help of a sarcastic flying squirrel and a talking sword by violently murdering hundreds of wild creatures and occasionally brooding about it. Great art. Tight controls. 10/10.
,Recommended,236090,15573670,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MajorDragoon1991,"This is a fantastic cartoon type game that really drew me in and in fact made me cry at the end.  A good ending, combat sequences were worth my time.  I think that some may be irritated by the character fidget, but regardless the game is pretty solid and deserving of recognition.  Definitely a plus in my book."
,Recommended,236090,15429523,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bonkers the Automaton,"This Truly is one of the most amazing games I have ever had the honor of playing.  The Animation is next to top notch, the voice acting is very well done (especially for it being done by indepent voice actors), the gameplay is fun and fast pace.  It truly is one the most fantastic games I have ever played.  If you have the specs to run it, then buy this game and play it.  If you have an Xbox 360, buy and play this game.  If you have a Playstation 4, buy and play this game.  If you don't have any of those options, save up for one of them, buy and play this game it is truly magnificent."
,Recommended,236090,15434268,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Matuka,Better than LSD.
76561198119680080,Recommended,236090,15674708,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jamie4u200,this game it ligit the best ive ever played great story combat is smoth and can present a challange at somepoints and again the story is AMAZING expecially if your a furry like me. love it ill buy every game if they have another 10/10
,Recommended,236090,15691777,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Calico TC,This game was made by one dude in 4 years.Beautiful AnimationGreat Brawling MechanicsIf you like Castlevania and Anthro animals (furries) you will really like this game.
,Recommended,236090,15679928,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kinnis,"Absolutely amazing art style, story, and gameplay that reminded me of the classics I played as a kid. One of the few stories in a game that I can say kept me up at night. This game is really a jewel."
,Recommended,236090,15793251,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,PixeledBrain,"Great story and gameplay. I'd give it an 8.5/10, must play."
76561198076038491,Recommended,236090,14526358,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,icecage05,"Graphics and art are beautiful. Gameplay is smooth and responsive. Combat is tight and weighty (you feel the strikes). Story is pretty good and characters are unique. Not everything is 100% perfect, but no game is. For what this game is and for 15 bucks, I Highly Recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,14530212,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lunarus,Fantastic action game with a stellar port to PC.
76561198081247408,Recommended,236090,14718135,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SoioR0mulus,"One of the best 2D side scrollers I have played, in the same vain as Dishwasher Dead Samurai mixed with a MetroidVania Element (Although this is minor and the map shows you which rooms still have treasure).I love the action, I love the difficulty.  The game keeps you on your toes and keeps the combat fresh using different enemis and areas to help mix it up. Put the game on Tough or harder for a real treat in difficulty that keeps you coming back for more.The art style is gorgeous, and I had to take time to just admire the scenery at times.I absolutely loved this game, wouldnt change a thing. 9.5/10, would by 9.5 more times.  I hope these folks keep making games."
,Recommended,236090,17103776,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,FireDragonDoL,"Stunning graphics, nice plot, nice exploration, nice combat system, amazing soundtrack.Do you really need anything else?Actually, I would love some replay value (something like time attack mode or such), I played it twice (on XBLA first time), beat the maximum difficulty and... I miss it. I would love to play it again, maybe I'll do, but usually when I miss a reason, I don't.Forgot to mention, this game has been made by only one person (sound excluded) so...Yeah, good job, REALLY."
76561198032944583,Recommended,236090,17106471,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,spiritchan,"This was a very fun game.  The voicing was very ""cartoonish"" (itisa cartoon game), though the story was fun, and the characters were pretty neat  (I love the humor, ""do something!  defeat them!  swing your sword!  mash the buttons!!"").The action was packed, and at times intense.  This game has quite a bit of charm to it.  I do miss side-scrolling games like this - it was a treat to have one so well made.  Also?  The game itself is beautiful to look at.And I'll even admit it;I cried in the end."
,Recommended,236090,17112325,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ego,A beautiful gem.
76561198235203536,Recommended,236090,17112743,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,joe10231,"This game is incredible, the story and voice acting is great, the gameplay is near perfection and this music is devine, a must-have 9/10"
76561198117401626,Not Recommended,236090,17113132,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Fuel,My review for Dust: An Elysian Tail Its great and Thrilling but there are some flaws here and there sometimes its hard and sometimes its easy and theres rare drama and well.... yeah Dust: An Elysian Tail gets a 7/10
76561198088340073,Recommended,236090,17114240,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,matthew.laird2,Great game.
76561198031127749,Recommended,236090,4038731,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,alkaid-sama,Best side scrolling action/adventure game I have played since Odin Sphere.
76561197970929837,Recommended,236090,16988068,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Vorlon,"Normally I don't go for ""platformer"" type games, and anime (or even anime influences) is not my thing, yet I absoutely loved Dust: An Elysian Tail.What can I say, even though the game appears very simplistic, I was compelled by the story line, moved by the music, and fell in love with the characters. The voice acting is top notch and speaks of the quality and effort put into the game. The world and landscapes are widly varying and beautiful. The game isn't all that complicated but it felt so refreshing to play for the sake of enjoyment. It played like an interactive movie but had the character depth of a book.The story was very well told with a masterful balance between game play and cut scenes. The development of the game could easily have given you all your character abilities much sooner but I was impressed that the developers resisted that all to common urge. Getting new abilities much later in the game definitely helped keep game play new and interesting.Dust has many optional puzzles, secret treasures, and easter eggs and you cannot discover or access them all on your first pass. This requires back tracking basically all the places you've been before but you don't have to do that. The game on normal difficulty isn't particuarlly long but completeing all the secrets and bonuses definitely extends the play time.Absolutely worth the price and I yern for more. I crave to watch a movie or tv series just like the cut scenes or read books of Dust. I just want more Dust: An Elysian Tail.Bravo to the writers. Bravo to the music composers.  Bravo to the artists and animators for the style and world they painted. Bravo to the game development to create such a unique game that I found far more interesting than most of today's ""ultra-realistic"" games."
,Recommended,236090,13843173,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Valic,"9/10. I was skeptical of this game at first and questioned if it was what I needed in a hack n slasher/beat em up game. I also expected it to be more ""furry"" cuz of how it looks on the outside. Glad to say it isn't and it's actually really damn beyond my expectations in what I thought I was going to play. I'll just put some pros and cons below and let you decide. Overall it exceeded almost every expectation and did more.+The combat system while simple is still addictive as hell to play. There were times I just didn't want to stop playing at all because of how far my combo's would rise and I'd just wanna keep going and going. The controls/feel of the game isn't too floaty or ""concrete"", you feel very fluid and have lots of momentum/feel for your movement. Your attacks and movement can get out of control at first until you realize that ""less is more"". In the sense that you don't have to spam attack buttons and expect a win, in fact you'll prolly end up losing if you do that. You end up learning this game isn't just mashing buttons or combos to kill, it actually requires you to think out your movements/attacks accordingly, fast.+It's VERY fast paced and intuitive to learn. The times I got ""tutorials"" on how to do something were only when I actually did need to know how to do something. The rest followed through as natural and didn't get shoved into your face by force. The game taught as you played and continued to do so just as Megaman/Metroid games have done. Without a ""how to play"" mode or a ""press this button to do this"" being told to you every moment. Again, the only time it did the latter was when it was actually something somewhat complicated. I never felt rushed or like I was being stalled on something I didn't know how to already do, I felt like I was taken through a breeze and did what I want as I please. (not to mention, Fidget can make some of the dialogue 4th wall breaking and hilarious, so even if you want to play without knowing anything at all on how to play from the NPC's, the dialogue is still pretty comedic to hear and very well done in terms of voice acting).+Graphically stunning for being 2d, it feels like you're playing something truly beautiful despite it not being the typical 3d game+The music and sounds are amazing sounding. I know it's silly but every explosion/cut really helps you feel the action.+Gonna emphasize the combat system again, it's pretty simple again.. but it's also just so good that I sometimes would wish there were more mobs to kill because of  how often I'd find myself going into so many chains and slashing away to my will without end.+The plot has it's touching moments, it's seriousness, and it's comedic loose bits to help you feel a lil at ease. In every case you'd expect the story to go how you think it would, it literally kept me from expecting anything. Every time I thought ""oh, this is gonna happen"", became the literal ""wow...."" and blew my mind.+Metroid/Megaman-esque. The linear gameplay this game gave me had me in love. It was so good at directing me anyway it needed me to go while also giving me the freedom of doing whatever I wanted when I wanted to. It kept me from going where I shouldn't and kept me in order for the plot and correct areas to be in for my levels while giving me space to decide what I wanna do. No one likes being pushed around 24/7... this game doesn't do that, and actually makes you feel like you want to keep finding out more and do more, reaching both the plot's potential and your own skill's potential.-As fun as this game is. After you beat the game and perfect everything 100%.. the replay value is lacking. I mean you can play it again on multiple modes but if you're like me and played it on the difficult settings and etc and got all the achievements in 1 go.... it can get old. It's well worth spending over 20 hours worth of playing but once you beat it to what you wanted to.... you'll feel like there's nothing left to do. The treasure hunting and perfection play of finding each map area helps in the replay value being less since you can easily figure out on the map where you haven't gone or what you should go to. Keeps a lil of the adventuring aspect out after you figured out how this game works.-The plot is pretty fantastic, there is some lil bits missing here and there I still have questions about. Nothing too major or big, just personal lil bits that I feel like should've had some attention brought to.-The combat system is a double edged sword. It's very fun and simple, but te part about it being simple is that it can get repetitive. Your attacks consist of about 3-4 combos, 1 button to do your basic attacks, and the other for an attack known as dust storm. A lot of the game's focus is around Dust storm, it was fun at first but after you play for a bit, sometimes it can get old or just simplistic. I loved combo'ing and chaining together but when you figure out you have magic and dust storm combined to make pretty good attacks that can handle everything for you. It can feel boring/tedious at times. It's controlled, and it's not like you can spam it, but you may get bored not having a huge assortment of combos/attacks available to you despite it fulfilling the need to hack away at millions of monsters.Neutral.... Everyone's a creature. Everything is ""furry"" but I know most people see the word furry and think of the worst things. It's not that at all but tbh, the game could've gone without using that idea as the theme. That's me personally, some things could've looked darker or had more to them but were instead drawn cute and animal-ques. It fits for being nice/soft for being an E+ game but at the same time I feel it could've been more without the concept. It's up to each individual on this aspect and can be interpreted based on perspective. I didn't mind it at all and never felt it was overpowered in the game.Overall, I give it a 9/10. The game's plot moved me and touched my heart, the gameplay was addictive and enticing enough for me to want to explore every area 100%. It was so linear and had amazing conveyance, I never once questioned ""WHAT DO I DO?"", or at least I didn't for very long at all without figuring it out myself. I recommend this game to anyone looking for a game that meets beat em up standards and hack n slash standards. Again, I expected less out of this game, and I got more than I expected. The game itself has so much quality put into it and was made pretty much by 1 person.. and it's quality really shows. It's very polished in every way and refined to the very last bits with only a couple questionable ideas. Even if it wasn't on sale, I'd still have said it was worth paying the full price for it, because it certainly was an interesting game and met every expectation and more."
76561198109609439,Recommended,236090,16990998,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,midnightthunder11,Probably one of the best games I've played in a long time.  If you're looking for a game that has a good amount of everything from your childhood gaming memories this is what you're looking for.
,Recommended,236090,17075710,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ice Maiden,"Honestly this was one of the games that amazed me. This game is just one of those games that shows graphics doesn't really matter. Instead it gave me a good story plot, an amazing voice acting and easy controls (given I was playing on a laptop). I just can't simply find anything that disappoints me and one the game I never will regret in waiting a few days to download (Connections bad really)."
76561198112234885,Not Recommended,236090,17079530,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nazi Synthesizer,"What's with the crashing on the map, unplayable, please fix it, whenever i enter the world map the game will crash along with my progress. Do not buy until the problems have been seem to."
,Recommended,236090,17080335,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dein,"A truly beautiful game.Nice art and visuals, good characters, fun (although a little too simple) battles, and touching story.Hey, modern ""indie developers""! That's how indie game should look and feel like, not that overly pixelated/constant ""early access"" bull♥♥♥♥♥♥you keep producing."
,Recommended,236090,17191869,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Acramandos,"It's really marvelous!It plays extremely well, the music is fitting and combat is fluid.The cutscenes could use some improvement, but the story and things to do (not necessarily much, but enough to keep you going for a while) make it a must play!10/10"
76561198069577398,Recommended,236090,17194905,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pilgrim,"So, who do I need to post a Fry meme to for the soundtrack to be put up for sale?"
,Recommended,236090,17197009,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kev,"At first I was worried I was goign to have trouble getting into this game. Boy, was I wrong. It has a great storyline and draws you in."
,Recommended,236090,17198847,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,A-Rod,"Amazing gameplay. There are a lot of levels, but due to your fighting abilities you don't have to walk everywhere.  This kept the game fresh throughout.I was hesitant to play at first, due to sidescrolling nature. After the first few hours I was in love. This is the first game I've completed in many months, and only the second game that I've gotten 100% achievements."
,Recommended,236090,16772891,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GreedyPenguin,"Great game, great story, much fun.Makes you hate it sometime, but after you pass the challenge you forget about that hate."
,Recommended,236090,12317042,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Irm,Dust nouuu ;(;(;(;;( I cri evertim
,Recommended,236090,14603239,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dark Bahamut,"This game is absolutely gorgeous, has smooth and precise gameplay, excelent soundtrack, fully dubbed dialogues and perfect length. It was a joy to play from beginning to end and could easily have been released at a full $60 price tag and be worth every penny. Instead, you can find it dirty cheap. This is a gem no one who likes a good metroidvania should miss."
,Recommended,236090,14607323,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CrO2_,"So far, this has been a fun, cutesy side-scrolling-type action game. I actually prefer to play this with an Xbox controller, kick my feet up on the desk and go to town destroying bad guys. I haven't really found the story that compelling, and some of the items that you get and/or can use are a bit confusing, but the beat-em-up part is plenty entertainment for me alone."
76561197998511165,Recommended,236090,14658682,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JanusAurion (2nd Acct),"Excellent platforming sections. Beautiful world. Engaging characters. Decent bossfights. Varied Enemies. What does this game not have going for it?The only problem I can identify is that I didn't finish it. Why? Because it also includes a leveling mechanic that requires you to grind in order to be powerful enough to beat the enemies in the final zone. I have no patience for grinding levels, so this may not be a problem for you."
76561198030549296,Recommended,236090,9183644,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,iloshwdgac,"Graphics:	        3/3Story: 		3/3Game Play: 	1/3Re-playable: 	0/1Sale Rate:       20%Total: 		7/10Graphics: 	3/3The art is fun, cartoony, and childish style that creates a clean display and creates a great contrast between the player and the enemies/background. The characters are animated cleanly and emoted better than most triple A games. For an Indy game it is unreal.Story: 	3/3You wake in the forest, unaware of who you are or were. An overly energetic flying naive sidekick helps you, like a little sister, not Navi. As you stumble through the world you find villains. The villains are fueled by more than just an evil identity and all have a brief telling of their fall. After each battle the game makes you wonder if your hero is any better than them, fighting a war only seeing one side.Game Play: 1/3The game has a spectacle fighter style. You need to keep moving and keep fighting, there is no blocking or hiding. To make this style work, there is no depth to the combat. When you level up, you add points into one of the standard pools, strength, health, defense or magic. You are limited on how you level up and leveling up attack early allows you to blow through the game. The game’s equipment are linear upgrades, simply find the next, not debate the pros and cons.Re-Playability: 0/1With limited builds and no unique items the game relies on the story and dialog for your attention. Once you beat the game there is little left for you.Should You Buy?Very fun and high quality game. Would recommend buying on a lite sale since it has no replay value."
76561198037662833,Recommended,236090,4470107,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Saucey,"Fast paced, Skill based, great story, great game. Lots of things to do, great leveling system, voiceovers for all npcs, combat was flawless. If you like fast paced fighting and showing off your combos against mobs of enemies at once and enjoy a challenge then trust me. GET. THIS. GAME"
,Recommended,236090,14541152,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,"This game is... Well I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. The great feeling of hacking and slashing through enemies is really enjoyable. I would recommend playing this game with a controller though because trying to play it on the keyboard just didn't feel as good for this game. The only problem with this game I guess is the art. There are a lot of places where the art looks very good, but then you look back at your character or npc's and it feels like deviant art the game. But if you can get over that and your annoying sidekick it's a really fun game. It's good enough to make me want to come back and play this game again at some point. I'd also love to play a new one if it were made...( I should also warn that if you are recording fraps seems to crash ((at least for me...)) after recording the game for a bit, I do not know why other than it seems to have problems running with it.)"
76561198087645423,Recommended,236090,14674638,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,troncrash7,if you do not have this your dumb
,Recommended,236090,303859,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,NeXuS,"An amazing platformer with outstanding gameplay, breathtaking visuals, beautiful soundtrack, exception voice acting and an immersive story.  A must have game."
76561198031795125,Recommended,236090,14495633,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Vivec,"CAAASSIIIUUUSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!Just finished the game and had to come and write a review.  If you make it to the end, chills will be had."
76561197987265334,Recommended,236090,14565077,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,hoju,"Beautiful, fun with lots of treasure to find.  Only downfall is that the boss battles could be tougher. BUt great story for a hack em up sidescroller!!"
,Recommended,236090,14754003,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Fernando JT,Amazing!
,Recommended,236090,2700418,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,diealein (unseen strings),fun.
,Recommended,236090,16004422,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DistinctiveName,"I'm going to open up this review by being straight up honest: I'm not a big platform game fan.  I don't hate them, but they really aren't my favorite genre. This is why it's taken me so long to get around to playing Dust. That being said, Dust has two major pluses going for it over other platformers for me. One is that the actual platforming elements are fairly simple and straightforward, and even the 'tricky' portions are not the type to be super frustrating. The other is that it is a Metroidvania type game, which I am much more tolerant of anyway.To be blunt, this game is really good. It has a generally good pacing, with some minor but not game-ruining exceptions, and on top of that the story is actually engaging and interesting, which is an unusual thing for any platforming game I've played before. The combat is fast-paced without being overwhelming, and the difficulty is easily adjusted to the player's level of skill, though hardcore action gamers may find the game a little easy for them. It is one of those games you look forward to playing when you get home, eager to see what the next level or revelation brings, and it's a breath of fresh air amongst the first person shooter crowd. While hardly the only side-scroller these days, it's a testament to how high-quality indie games can be.This isn't to say it's perfect. The game's RPG elements, while interesting, are not particularly deep. The crafting system requires either a lot of grinding to utilize fully, or can be ignored entirely, which means that it either needs work or should be removed entirely. Finally, some of the sidequests require some real snooping around even above and beyond what is expected, making them a little frustrating.On the whole, these complaints are exceedingly minor though. It boils down to this being a very fun game worth 15-20 hours, and at the current price it's a steal."
76561198023784423,Recommended,236090,15992666,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,bhdeus777,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful side-scrolling platformer with influences of beat-em-up and roleplaying games.  Both the graphics and sound are wonderful, and the sound effects when fighting are spot-on and satisfying.  I found the story to be interesting and well-written.  The dialog is funny enough to make me laugh several times, especially when the characters  challenge you on things that are standard gameplay tropes (""Did you just put that sheep into your inventory?"")  If the game has any shortfalls, it is that the animated scenes don't measure up to the same quality as the graphics during gameplay, and that the game is shorter than I'd like.  The game ended when I was still willing to play at least 25% more, and although I haven't found every treasure in the game and completed every optional quest, I have done as much backtracking as I care to do.  What this game needs most of all, however, is a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,15992889,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Thimaq,Just buy it... there really is no argument not to unless your too immature to look past the fact they are all anthropomorphic animals
,Recommended,236090,16029985,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gentle Foxfire,"I don't think there is any other game that so many of my friends on here own as well. Why? Because it is so good that I bought it for half of them, and the rest obviously knew a good game when they saw it.(I even have another copy on my second account)I really cannot say anything bad about this game in any aspect other than I wish it had a sequel(already that is. It sounds like it will happen at some point!).On to what is amazing,Everything that is in this game. End of story.Art, beautiful.Gameplay, silky smooth, and fluid. I was amazed at how into the story I got just because I didn't have to fight the game to fight the bad guys.(This plagues far to many games.)Music, None distracting, and you probably won't notice it all that much(Like the music in a good game should do!), but it will be there to set the mood for you. And when it finally dawns on you how good the music is, you're going to want to download it.Story, I found the story very engaging, with non-over the top side quests,(Okay.. there is the one that is a little over the top), and filled with fun and believable characters that are very well voiced.How does the game itself run? Very slick. It ran on my 2ed gen Pentuim-M without issues on a mid-low graphics setting(still looked very good). A gamepad is ideal, but it works perfectly fine with a K/M as well.Do yourself a favor, and get it. And if you can afford it, do a friend a favor and get it for them as well!"
,Recommended,236090,16047071,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Deathbit #vLc,This game was absolutely amazing.. and only made by 1 guy .. fancy that! :D
,Recommended,236090,16048506,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kalinin,An intriguing and well done story. Interesting characters. Good range of difficulty customization. Great game.
76561198044197775,Recommended,236090,16048780,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Dizzyshroom8,"Is Good, really good works on a cheap laptop for on the go"
76561198134085597,Recommended,236090,16053915,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Mangagod,So if you want a medium sized game with amazing story that you will enjoy to no end with amazingly beautiful art and skills then you should definitely buy this amazing game.  I bought it while it was on sale but would buy it for the full price in a heartbeat!
,Recommended,236090,8195645,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HeyAtkins,"Absolutely gorgeous side-scrolling action game designed almost entirely by one guy. Easily one of my favourite games of 2013 on PC. Combat is addictive, challenging without being frustrating and the story is unusually enjoyable for a game like this."
76561197992921916,Recommended,236090,1410160,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,DarkMario,"Extremely well done. Incredible story, beautiful visuals, great voice acting, very satisfying combat, and some of the best writing I've ever seen. Without a doubt its well worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,8195901,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Eu sou dos Anjos,"Well, what can i say?! It's a hack 'n slash RPG with cartoon looking in ""metroidvania"" map style. Simply awesome. Very frenetic combos, which brings you a lot of action, also very beautiful enviroment. The story is not half bad either."
76561198033128021,Recommended,236090,8195918,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,innova_xl,Super Fun
,Recommended,236090,8196631,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,geN7,Dust is a simple and immersive platformer that will keep you entertained and challenged for hours. It's simple game mechanics and an elusive story will keep you wanting more.
,Recommended,236090,8245339,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SimplyMonkey,"A truly beautiful game and one that I would highly recommend playing.  The story is engaging, one of the best RPGs I have ever played."
,Recommended,236090,4533027,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,I Swear Traps Are Not Gay,"Very good game, the storyline is amazing along with the side characters who help you along the way."
,Recommended,236090,8228991,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,维克托尔,addictive~!!! love the action~
,Recommended,236090,8229049,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kenshi,love it
76561198067772838,Recommended,236090,8229575,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,alt-tab-out,"Loved it!  An action RPG side-scroller with epic music and a believable storyline, this game is fun and challenging at the higher difficulty settings.  It has a simplistic yet effective method of powering up through the levels, and a challenge curve that is always just above your level.  The character controls are very intuitive, and there are a large number of combinations and specials available.  Construct your inventory items and weapons, or buy them at the shops.  Complete any number of optional side quests.  Move the main storyline forward when you're ready.  The only flaw I found was a map glitch in a cave area, wherein your character can get pushed through the floor and get stuck in the terrain, Symphony of the Night style.  Otherwise, very highly recommended."
,Recommended,236090,8229688,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rikie,"One of my most favorite indie titles. Beautiful handdrawn graphics, a very fluid combat-system, metroidvania-esque maps and upgrades and a decent story."
,Recommended,236090,3971043,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Naurind,"Очень красочный платформер с элементами экшн/РПГ. Учитывая то обстоятельство, что, за исключением саундтрека и озвучки, игра была создана одним человеком - это просто, мать его, гениально. Когда я смотрел трейлер и разглядывал скриншоты, гадая - стоит брать или нет, я и понятия не имел, что ТАК зацепит. Действительно - какая-то детская прыгалка на вид. Котики, оленята, мишки, зайчики, все светлые цвета, которые только можно нарисовать. В общем, фуррятина всякая милая. Не сказать, чтобы я любитель этого. Но что-то в этом было интересно. Решился взять, скачал, запустил... и тут понеслось. Этот няшный котик Даст с не менее няшной напарницей-феей-лисичкой (???) Фиджет нарезает в капусту просто орды монстров. Да что там, орды орд монстров. Даже в слешерах противников меньше. Боевая система достаточно простая - прыжок, отскок влево/вправо, пара комбинаций, вихрь и 3 спелла у Фиджет. Вроде все просто, но работает это отлично и, учитывая толпы монстров, очень динамично - залипаешь надолго. Противники попадаются всех сортов и мастей - и зомби, дракончики какие-то и прочая живность. Надо сказать, выглядят все классно, бьют, в основном, больно, некоторые и эффект кидать не стесняются. Единственное замечание - старая привычка осталась - обычно играю на нормальной сложности, редко какие игры начинаю со сложностей повыше, а стоило. Котяра достаточно быстро раскачивается и даже боссов я убивал без потерь здоровья за минуту. ну и, конечно, вишенка на торте - у игры интересный сюжет, который сильно контрастирует со всей этой мимими-стилистикой. Всем читающим строго рекомендую - как играть разберутся все, интересно, красиво, не скучно. Просто ААА среди инди, хотя даже язык ее не поворачивается ее в эту категорию заносить. Это нечто большее."
,Recommended,236090,8232059,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,narcociraptor,"Wonderful story, wonderful world."
76561198015519525,Recommended,236090,8232426,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FMF_Inne,"Amazing game, super fun to play. Also fully voiced dialog wich is pretty nice for an indie game."
,Recommended,236090,8226471,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kylescorpion,I just beat the game about 15 minutes ago with it taking me 11 hours to complete (it'd take about 3-5 hours more if you want all of the achievements) so with that being said this is the first game that I've beaten in 5 years. I used to be a hardcore gamer at heart but lately I've been having to push myself through games and I end up not finishing them but I bought this game not even 5 days ago and it's already beaten! that alone should tell you how great of a game this is. It's a steal and if you happen to buy this while it's on sell  expect to see the cops because you just committed robbery!   The Dialogue for this game is just perfect and had me laughing for hours. The combat system is fairly good  I never got bored with it.  Overall you'll be doing yourself such a disservice if you don't buy and play this game. You won't regret it!
,Recommended,236090,8251410,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,huzzar,"A very polished and beautiful game. It has a specific, anime-like theme that will not appeal to many, but if you enjoy that/don't mind you are in for a ride. If you like a challenge though, don't play on normal as it will be way to easy.My favourite: the attention to details. There's lots of them in gameplay, music and diaglogue and I love it."
76561198065784290,Recommended,236090,8253954,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,THE DONG,if your a furry or not I highly recommend this game because it is beautiful
76561197968145592,Recommended,236090,302660,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Fåret Bää,"get it now, or forevermore regret it"
76561198031051358,Recommended,236090,8255427,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Xeraphym,"Amazing, nothing much else is needed tp say."
,Recommended,236090,3182851,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Fridgecrisis,"This is a great game! The entire thing was basically made by one guy, which is extremely impressive. The story is darker and deeper than you might expect by looking at the artwork, which, by the way, is gorgeous. It even has a handful of very professional animated cutscenes. The pacing and distribution of the game's mechanics are a bit uneven, but it's still a fun ride and I recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,18079753,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Amadeus,"HIGHLY recommended (especially on sale for $3!)It's pretty much everything I loved about original NES games I played when I was a kid (early 90s) ...but, modernized ..it's brilliant.    In some ways, I sometimes get a feeling like I'm playing a modernized sequel to Zelda II.    (No one else may get that impression...but, it feels that way to me.)The main character is VERY well voice-acted, and pretty well scripted.  The 'companion' is annoying ...the voice is decent, but scripting is bad.But yea, for a one-man-game, this is absolutely incredible."
76561198056558901,Recommended,236090,18073582,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Captain Ferret,I just came here to leave a positive recommend.Why?Because BUY THIS GAME that's why!
76561198046058821,Recommended,236090,18084870,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jhdavidson83,I love this game.  Like a cutesy version of a Igavania game.  Reminds me of a cross between Ni No Kuni and Symphony of the Night
,Recommended,236090,18020611,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,deLs (MostHiddenPlayer),"i love how they made the game, fallen inlove with itttttttttt <33333333"
,Recommended,236090,18096106,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Sempai,"This is a great game with amazing visuals.The combo system is simple and similar to what other developers are using, but it works well with the environment and the 2d platforming.The use of a controller is obviously recommended because of the genre, but the mouse and keyboard controls work decently well too so long as you have a mouse button 4 which is one of two downsides to the control scheme. The only other problem is there is no option to remap controls, though it is not really necessary."
76561197985638019,Recommended,236090,1061556,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,LucKy,"Nice game with good story telling and above average gameplay, totally worth the money!"
,Recommended,236090,16870548,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Baxus,One of the best games I've ever played. Love it!
76561197970935395,Recommended,236090,16871103,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,War_Dyn27,"A great game in its own right, made amazing by the fact that it is mostly the work of one man."
76561198110580833,Recommended,236090,16871272,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,365gamergirl,"Amazing! You can say this game this game is a platformer, and it is. You can say this game has RPG elements, and it does. You can say this game has interesting characters and funny dialog, and it does. But it is all these things together that make the game great."
76561197986334927,Recommended,236090,16871485,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Vash the Stampede,"I really have nothing bad to say about this game.If you don't like the graphics, it more than makes up for it in gameplay. fun combat mechanics; you can have epic battles with little effort, though it is challenging enough to be fun. Level design is great, even though it's a 2D map, it's easy to navigate with lots of great environments. Surprisingly good voice acting for what it is. I will say, most squeaky voices annoy me (companion), but I eventually learned to not even notice them.10/10 Have really old graphics card, plays like a strobe light, love it."
76561198139941473,Recommended,236090,16871674,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,carpetballer,i lost my family to this game. a truly breath takin game. from great graphics to great gameplay this game will not disapoint yo
,Recommended,236090,16872051,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,crazedVic,definitely worth getting
,Recommended,236090,16872713,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,F  I  J  I  S  Y  N  T  H,BUY THIS GAMEi played through it on my ps4 because it was free with ps plusthis game is one of the best looking games ive played and has a killer story
76561198118850634,Recommended,236090,16872726,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,drewerd88,"You know when you get that warm fuzzy feeling inside and you just know everything is gonna be alright? then you've probably been drinking, but this game is kinda like that."
,Recommended,236090,16872736,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,toboy // unavailable,"An amazing game none the less, at this time I have less than two hours put into the game and I am immersed beyond belief. If you were ever looking for a rpg-esque game that is story-rich and beautiful, this is the game for you."
76561198032050753,Recommended,236090,16873194,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,sicklenocturne,A fun and engaging story.
76561198056688253,Recommended,236090,16874721,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,MildHavoc,"Sometimes, a game is so good, nothing really needs to be said. Dust is one of those. It's absolutely amazingly well made, from beginning to end, with wonderful characters, a truly awesome storyline, and a breathtaking art style. I'm usually not a fan of platformers, but this one is just amazing. The 10.4 hours I have on record are me beating the game on the lowest difficulty setting. I can only assume that those looking for a more challenging experience would get it on the higher difficulties. For myself, I was only interested in the storyline, and it was worth every penny of admission.As far as mechanics go, the fighting is absolutely spot on, and the combo system is an absolute blast to learn and use. There are tons of different enemies that require lots of different techniques to destroy, and there is even some puzzle solving. These moments were not overly difficult, and, to me at least, added to the enjoyability and immersion.The crafting system is unique and interesting, and it was fun running around trying to find the various parts I needed for a new set of armor or a new upgrade to my weapon. On that topic, there is only one weapon in the game, but the number of combos that are available to use with it make up for this, I think.The musical score is absolutely phenominal. I actually paused the game at some points, just to listen to the music. It's gorgeous, and fits perfectly with each level.I cannot recommend this game enough. For the storyline alone, it's worth the price. When you include the music, the puzzles, the rock-solid combat, and the multitude of spectacularly well-realized levels, the price is right whether it's on sale or not."
,Recommended,236090,18594333,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Comedian On Fire,One of the best games I ever played. If you like Hack N Slash games this is one I would definetely tell you to try it out.Not to mention it contains the voice work from GeneralIvan himself. The voice of Enrico Maxwell on Hellsing abridged and mother♥♥♥♥ing Cooler from DBZ abridged.
,Recommended,236090,18592129,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Piomon,"cool story, funny dialogues (thanks to Fidget), nice soundtrack, scenarios"
,Recommended,236090,18704480,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,MobileTortoise,"If you can get past the combination DeviantArt/Christian Cartoon animation style, then you will be pleasantly suprised by a challenging hack and slash adventure."
,Recommended,236090,18754936,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[NYESS]Franku,"This is the first game that has been able to hook me in while. Absolutely love it. Fluid fighting, great story, great voice acting, great scenery, great, great, great!P.S. I don't understand why everyone hates Fidget(the sidekick) so much. She is honestly now one of my favorite characters in all of gaming."
76561198038991208,Recommended,236090,18358469,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ritielko,Flying super-furry tornado that shoots columns of fire
,Recommended,236090,18363259,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fenna,Furries everywhere!Love the voice actors. Buy if you like Smash Bros for Wii U/3DS...'s Announcer
,Recommended,236090,18452108,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Urha,Everyone is an animal.The end is sad.Get meat from a wall.Companion complains a lot.10/10
76561198056103942,Recommended,236090,18491266,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cinderblaze3,"This game is simply one of the best indie games of all time, a true sparkling gem on Steam. Everyone and their grandmother should have the amazing experience of playing this game to the end and back.What's not to like? You have beat em up style of combat, with plenty of upgrades, power ups, different combos and varied enemies with unique weak spots to keep things interesting. The hand painted environments and backgrounds as well as the beauitful character designs make this game absolutely stunning to look at. (Except for the rare 3D animated cutscenes) And don't judge this games story too quickly! It may seem like your average hero with amnesia tries to uncover his past memories at first, but trust me, there are so many curveballs that get thrown your way! The end of the first boss fight will have you in tears! That's all that I am going to say about it, I simply refuse to even hint at any more spoilers of this story!Play this right now! You will not regret it! You will be glad to have spent every penny you spent on it!"
,Recommended,236090,7498006,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Cerberus,Such an amazing game with a great story
,Recommended,236090,18564124,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game is epic! It has amazing graphics, fluid controls, and humor. You craft stuff too, which is awesome! You can sell stuff to shops in order to have them stock them permanently, but in numbers. Be sure to play the mode after easy, as easy mode is way too simple to beat. My only problem with this game is that it had to end."
,Recommended,236090,18536822,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Terabyte Axis,"Man, I Love This GameIt Has Stunning Graphics, Wonderful Music, And The Theme Of The Whole Game Is LovelyI Didn't Think I Was Really Into RPGs, So When My Friend Recommended This Game I Thought I Wouldn't Be Into It All That Much...... I Was SO Wrong...I Am Telling You All To At Least Try This Game... It's Just Wonderful..."
76561198094094146,Recommended,236090,18550102,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Axel_VIII,7/10
,Recommended,236090,18510943,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dasdad,"Haven't play this game at all, just idled. But I've seen my friend finished this game. It's a good game, but I don't quite like the character style and the voice actings. Maybe it's just me. Story's okay, the gameplay is somewhat fun, best played with a controller btw."
,Recommended,236090,18689557,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Thirty2BitGamer,"It was a cold SaturdayI ran out of money for CS GO trade-up contractsI bought this game a while back and decided to play it for the card drops to sell for more contracts and keysI played the game, and realized what I've been missing out onHaven't done another trade-up contract since10/10 game saved my money. Also an amazing game. Lol"
,Recommended,236090,2091800,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Din,Just. Cause. :3
76561198001112676,Recommended,236090,18481791,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Paradise,"I love it, a fun slasher with enjoyable characters. Probably the only game i actually WISH there was DLC for."
,Recommended,236090,18517133,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"Loved this game, it was great.Great characters.9/10"
,Recommended,236090,12296761,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Winterstrife,"8.5/10Annoying sidekick aside, this is a gorgeous 2D game. The storyline is captivating & the gameplay is addictive.Would definately recommend this game!"
76561198177472467,Recommended,236090,18720781,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,HAL 9000,"Dust is an amazing game. the storyline is perfect, the sidequests are amazing and dont take you too far off the storyline, and the voice acting is amazing! if you like Legend of Zelda, Bastion, or other fantasy adventure games, you owe it to yourself to play this game!"
,Recommended,236090,4030353,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Aldiraies,A very cartoony yet beautiful game filled with an adventure you wouldn't want to miss!(This sounds like an advertisement.)
76561197970662135,Recommended,236090,444467,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,StfuBeans,"Mega Man meets Metroid....minus all the guns :oA rediculously well executed PC port from xbox.The cutsie bat/cat thing's banter with the main character is at times funny.  The gameplay is fast, furious, and fun.  There are a few RPG leveling elements involved, and some back tracking to get all the secrets, but the fast paced action will make you enjoy murdering entire cities worth of enemies.The only down side to this game is how short it is :("
76561198000200392,Recommended,236090,7800171,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kindberg,"Dust is an amazing crafted game, it has a rich story for a platform game, and visuals are a joy to see. it will easy drag you in and you get a very personal feeling for each of the people in the game. Especially Fidget will get even the most harded person to melt a bit :) 9/10 from me."
76561198064100162,Recommended,236090,6337576,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,NFULFX,Absolutely love this game and its storyline. I really hope there's a sequel!
,Recommended,236090,1538568,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,facls,"Excellent Metroidvania platformer with RPG elements. Great art style, fun combat, good story, lenghty campaign."
76561197979666090,Recommended,236090,7446934,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Jackal,Pretty fun game...
76561198038712469,Recommended,236090,7793215,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,GAME OF THROWS,"Absolutely gorgeous, fluid gameplay, and the best soundtrack I've heard in a while. Totally worth it.Gameplay itself is kept fairly simple, and while it doesn't offer anything significantly new, Dust: an Elysian Tail is executed so well that you wish it would've continued on for just a little while longer.5/5"
,Recommended,236090,6774822,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,C0mmissar Cripsen,Buy it. No really stop looking at videos or screenshots of this and buy it. NOW! (Made by a single man)
76561197970717358,Recommended,236090,7793389,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,youknowmyname,"Fantastic art direction, fun game play. A bit too easy. Most power ups didn't feel relevant."
76561198073047123,Recommended,236090,7428797,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Jai Kaizen,"It is a kickass 2-D hacknslash game with RPG elements. It even references games ranging from Castlevania to Resident Evil 4. Combined with  fast paced combat and an AMAZING soundtrack, I suggest people buy this game.P.S. You also have a talking sword"
76561197992665753,Recommended,236090,7469789,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Durihan,"I'd heard great things about Dust when it came out for the 360, but without the console I was sad I couldn't play it. When I seen it hit Steam I was quite happy to snag it to see if the hype was right. It was. Design, gameplay, and most importantly story are all top notch. It goes against the grain of your usual ultimate warrior story and throws in a few twists along the way. Well worth its price!"
,Recommended,236090,2778273,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,LOL DUDE,"Until something else comes to take the title, Dust: An Elysian is probably my absolute favorite out of all of the indie games i've ever played. The storytelling is great, the combat is simple yet satisfying, the spirtework is beautiful and the music puts delicious icing on the cake. If you like spectacle fighters and Metroid-vania-styled games, you will NOT want to pass this up."
,Recommended,236090,6114302,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,ATF_daeg //,"A solid game.  Not very challenging and about 15 hours to 100% completion.  Good story, mechanics, graphics, decent writing and fun.  A must have if on sale, a good buy at full price."
,Recommended,236090,7967841,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,taoybb,Great Game! Really love this game. Action (Combo) make me reallyh enjoyed the game.Good gear system. You can craft a new  gear from a blueprint. Some mini game. Voice is nice.Sadly story is too short. I mean I really love to play as 'Dust' and I finish the game in 15 Hour so that's not enough for me XD.
76561198086684571,Recommended,236090,7969286,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kayden,A most have it
76561198000157042,Recommended,236090,7970475,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Archer,"Enjoyable action platformer - the combat system is simple but fairly effective, the enemies are a good combination of decently sized hordes with a few more varied enemies to make fights varied in different chapters.Story is enjoyable, if not particularly original its delivery is good. Doesn't take itself too seriously but avoids taking it to the ridiculous just for the sake of 'humour' like a number of other similar games in the genre.The RPG elements of the game, crafting and leveling are okay, not great though. They are not particularly varied, leveling up one attribute to the exclusion of others is impossible as you have to keep all 4 within a certain range of each other. Crafting is satisfying but again there is no real choice, simply craft the best gear possible as it drops.The platforming is good, trying to find all the hidden areas and treasures is satisfying but challenging enough, abilities are also gained during the storyline opening up new areas for exploration."
,Recommended,236090,7970788,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,.Perplexity,I LOVE THIS GAMESZSZZ PEOPLESZZZ BUY ITS SZSZ NOPWWWOWO. WOOO !!!!@!@!11111!!!!1!1
,Recommended,236090,7972305,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Foodbait,"A beautifull hack and slash game easy to pick up and hard to master, covered in a light humoristic setting. Definitly worth your dollars.P.S. Fidget really deserves an award for being the best side character"
,Recommended,236090,7972750,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,JsN,The storyline is amazing and the gameplay is fun. I had a great time completing this and you should try it out
,Recommended,236090,7954622,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ihatebrooms,"My impressions a few hours in: I'm not usually a fan of action games, but I'm having a blast playing this. Gameplay flows very smoothly, the game is beautiful (unless you dislike the distinctive art style), nice music. I've had a blast with combat - pretty fast-paced."
76561198015992458,Recommended,236090,7973337,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vaniish,Its a nice game with good visuals and fluid combat. The fact that a controller works great for this game makes it awesome to play. I thought the voice acting and story good. Though short it was a great game to play through.
,Recommended,236090,13844203,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Juan Pabl0,Simply amazing ...The best entertainement I've had in a long timeBeautifulMusic is perfectThere is no word to describe the storyGameplay is amazingProgression is perfectand so on ...Thank you !
,Recommended,236090,13413330,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,The_Deku_Nutt,This is easily one of the best games I've ever played. The combat is fun and the story is engaging.
76561198111834129,Recommended,236090,13413491,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,firebringeraxel,Excellent game with lots of heart. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Action RPG's. Even if you're not into Furries this game is absolutely amazing. Deceptively simple combat system makes you think it wont be as extremely addicting as it is.
,Recommended,236090,13383201,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hejryt12,9.7 out of ten would play again
76561198155763168,Recommended,236090,13384645,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,dashing foxies,100% awesome loved it had a great store line and every was so amazing hoping they make another one
,Recommended,236090,13397258,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SquidIII,This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,236090,13398754,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DWedge,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a game that many would overlook, I however would reccomend that you do not do that. This game has stunning visuals and simple but elegent controls for a fast pase beat 'em up side scrolling platformer.  The game itself is kind of short but worth the price, the story is in my opinion better than a lot of the stories of games that are currently being released by the big name companies. So for Dust: An Elysian Tail I'd give it a good 8.5/10 all day long."
76561198056847888,Recommended,236090,15151757,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,maxresdefault,"Really fun gameplay and incredibly interesting graphics make this game an awesome title to pick up, coupled with it's good soundrack, sound design and story. It's also the right length and has interesting story arcs and twists, upgrading and collecting is fun to forge new armor and attachments, and isn't farmy at all. The main characters have their moments and are well thought out, while some minor characters are a bit annoying and not acted well. Replayability is there, but there isn't much to do after you've collected all the Friends from other indie games.All in all, buy it. On sale? It's usually three bucks, but waiting for a sale isn't worth it for this game. Buy it right now."
,Recommended,236090,524887,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Zwomp,"An incredible experience, think of it as a brawler with metroid and castlevania elements to it.It does a lot of things right, and very few things wrong and the story will bring you closer to the characters than you ever thought. I cannot recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,236090,999631,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Potemayo,"No, no! mash the buttons! DO SOMETHING!!"
,Recommended,236090,15387357,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Young Discord,"Furry or not, it's worth getting this game.though the game is surprisingly good it still has that ""indie game"" feel at times, but this blend of good quality and indie quality is what make this game so unique.the controls are comfortable, and they should, this is a platformer after all.in terms of playtime, if you just want to pass this game without passing every little sidequest then it would take you a solid few days of constant gameplay.Looking forward to the next one, heard they are working on it.8/10not a full score because I think some parts of the story could have been a little better, but that's just my opinion."
,Recommended,236090,15389208,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,npinsker,"This game is one of the most imaginative and wonderful games I've played in quite a while. It's a Metroidvania mixed with some RPG elements -- quests, towns with NPC characters, upgrades -- plus some amazing art and music, and a cool combat system that never really stops being a fun spectacle to watch.I played on the second-hardest difficulty setting. The difficulty was nice, and I felt like the game climbed slowly and steadily in difficulty as it went on. The sidequests were great for what they were, and the Cirellian Trials were hard but not ridiculously so (taking half an hour each or so to master). I also had a lot of fun exploring each area and finding all the upgrades, some of which take a lot of thinking to actually nab.The game kept me really engaged, as most good Metroidvanias do, by constantly giving me new toys and obstacles to play with. However, it's the production value and care that went into the game, the little touches that make the world feel alive (the NPCs, quests, and banter between Dust and Fidget), that really made the game special to me."
76561198016670467,Recommended,236090,14891519,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,tedphoenician,"I loved this game, through and through, even though it's Korean. 먼지 게임이 좋아."
,Recommended,236090,3926915,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,WeskerBot3000,"All yiffing aside I have this much to say...>dat soundtrack>dem hand painted spritesand, though not on the walking dead level..>dem feels at the endalso this game was made by literally one person, think about that"
,Recommended,236090,15341557,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,East,One of the few games where the characters look like their own fanart.
76561198068020962,Recommended,236090,15347727,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Gamefreak346,"I cannot recommend this game more! It has high action, well developed characters, an interesting story line, and beauitiul graphics and game-play!Long Review (in progress)"
76561198054139856,Recommended,236090,15333689,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,AlwaysINControl,"This is one of my favorite PC game! I really love the music and I do like the characters as well!  And the graphics's really beautiful and flawless! I would say, I'm very satisfied with this game!"
76561198000413991,Recommended,236090,1969352,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,varzago,"If you loved old rpg's from the snes era like Tales of Phantasia or Secret of Mana, this one is for you!!"
,Recommended,236090,15101120,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,AUserofToys,"Finished the game, enjoyed it.It is a good game, only complaint is that the final boss dialogue could be better by having a  theme.If you enjoy sidekicks like Navi, tkae this game."
76561198056102080,Recommended,236090,15170163,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Persian Jess,"I cannot recommend this game enough. The combat is fluid and great, the graphics beautiful and wonderful to behold. The story is absolutely fantastic and I adored every minute of the journey right to the very end, it held me from the moment I started to the moment I finished. This is a must have game it truly is a masterpiece. Also for the record, you can't not love fidget, she is a great and hilarious character and lifts the tone of the story just slightly."
,Recommended,236090,8835315,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jakkubus,Awesome game.
,Recommended,236090,14942149,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,D3A7,Great fun and exporation. Reminds me of the old side scroller.
76561198029305680,Recommended,236090,14967143,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jesus,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautify crafted 2D, side-scrolling RPG that was designed and coded by Dean Dodrill and music by HyperDuck Sound works. From its engaging easy to use - hard to master combat system to its stunning hand crafted visuals and scenery, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a pure gem in the indie game market and players will quickly get immersed into the world of Falana and all its inhabitance.Story: Dust: An Elysian Tail is about a man named Dust, a blue, furry rabbit with a case of amnesia. Fidget, a magical, flying bat that aids Dust in his journeys and combat. And finally Ahrah, a mystical talking blade that’s acts as Dust’s primary weapon and helps guide Dust in his path to recovery. Throughout their journeys Dust, Fidget and Ahrah will visit a multitude of locations, meet a vast array of different characters and solve many problems in order to try and piece together Dust’s checkered past. However at the same time, a powerful military force is sweeping the world of Falana and it’s up to Dust and the others to stop them.Game Play: Dust: An Elysian Tail is a side-scrolling, action plat former therefore the player gets around by moving side-to-side or up and down to traverse the area and uses a world map to get to different major areas. The combat system in Dust is very simple and easy to learn, using a click based system, pressing the attack button causes an attacks, multiple presses causes a combo. However it can extends deeper than that, timed strikes can block or parry larger enemy hits, Fidget can fire spells that Dust can incorporate into his combos and Dust can also use an ability Dust Storm, a powerful spinning attack that can split Fidgets spells coursing chaos on the battlefield and adds another layer to the combat.Boss fights however aren’t as difficult as some might like, This doesn’t mean you’ll beat them on your first try but it won’t take long as the fights only have a couple of mechanics the player has to deal with and that’s about it. The RPG elements involved in Dust consist of a basic leveling system and points that can be placed in only a couple of standard categories like: Strength, Health, Fidgets Magic, etc., and an inventory system, it’s a little lack luster but it gets its job done.Visuals: Dust is a remarkable looking game with a diverse array of different locations and characters to mean along your travels. From the lush green trees and fields of Abadis Forest to the dark, grim look of The Sorrowing Meadows. Players will never be let down by the handcrafted look Dust has to offer.Sound: The sound quality in Dust is great with music to match every area in the game. This helps the player get immersed into the game and get a feel for the surrounding lands.Pros:-	Great Story-	Likeable Characters-	Amazing Visuals and Sound Track-	Engaging CombatCons:-	Basic RPG elements-	Not so Difficult Boss FightsConclusion:  Dust and Elysian Tail is a remarkable 2D, side scrolling, action plat former with increasable visuals and sound and engaging combat. It is a game that I think everyone should try at least once and experience what this game has to offer."
76561198118385126,Recommended,236090,14967288,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,PrimePrimate,"Game is amazing. Graphics are beautiful, the story is great, combat is awesome. Get this game. It's so worth it. :)"
76561198061083570,Recommended,236090,14967872,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Chaoslink,"This game... I'm not even a fan of platformers and such. I remember back when I first saw it on the Xbox live arcade on my 360. Thought it looked a bit interesting and figured I'd give it a shot expecting it to be somewhat somewhat fun, if only to get away from all the shooters I'd been playing at the time. I was suprised. This game simply blew me away. Now, some year or more later I had to buy it again and relive it all over. Still felt just as amazing now as it did then. And the port to PC was done so well, you'd never realise that this game wasn't originally released on PC.Doing a bit or reading about I learned that it was one guy who made this. Blown away again. My recommendation? Stop reading reviews and buy it, play it. You won't be sorry you did."
76561197978205391,Recommended,236090,11264910,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,KOEK.jpg,"I picked up Dust: an Elysian tail last year. This is a game that one might classify as a platformer with puzzle and rpg elements. These aren't the only redeeming features of Dust. With a brilliant story, likeable characters, beautiful artwork and a stellar soundtrack, this game is a must-have for anyone that's even only remotely into platformers.The first thing you notice when starting the game is the artwork and the voice acting, which are pretty good. You will soon get accustomed to the main characters, Dust and Fidget, and their team synergy is awesome as it is funny. As you progress, you will see that the controls are easy to pick up (I do recommend a controller) and that slashing your way through the countless monsters is quite satisfying, a treat that is not uncommon in these type of games. You can figure out your own 'style' of fighting, but the battles do tend to become a bit repetitive. That and the somewhat short duration of the game (I finished the game in about 13 hours I think) are the only minor flaws I can think of.Like I said before, the story is enjoyable and keeps you interested throughout the game. The artwork and different areas in the game look breathtaking at times, especially with the beautiful music playing in the background. I could just stand still and enjoy the view. You never get sick of that. The sidequests are also a lot of fun to do, even if it involves some backtracking, and the stats upgrade system is easy and fair.I'm not 'grading' it since I don't have material to compare it with, but I can safely say this has been the best Steam Summer Sale purchase I have made up to date and while that may not sound too promising, I assure you it's worth your time and money ;) have fun!"
,Recommended,236090,15202225,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,evgenija28,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is not a game I would rate 'overwhelmingly positive'. The reason is, the game has flaws, a few of them. So for me, it is 'very positive' - I know, I know, it may seem like I am nitpicking over tiny details, but I am not. A flaw is a flaw, and it must be pointed out.- Gameplay - Fluid, responsive - works great with mouse & keyboard, fast and fun - but... you will find yourself, and those situations are not so rare, overwhelmed by things jumping all over the screen and it's hard to be focused, avoid headache and figure out what's going on. I realise this is an action game, but still. Too much is too much. You take the role of two characters - Dust and Fidget. Fidget is only controlled in terms of telling her when to fire her projectiles, but not much else. And it's good, because controlling two characters fully, it can be very tiring for one person, and frustrating. Fidget is a valuable asset, and not that annoying for me. Actually, she is pretty fun. There are various combos you can perform, the higher number you rank up, and you do that by not being hit, the more XP you get. I leveled up pretty quick, and it shows a lot later on. You do become overpowered, especially if you plan to do all the quests.- Graphics, Art Style, Level design, Soundtrack, Sound Effects and Voice acting -  Art style is unique and gives you very different enviroments  to play in - forests, mountains covered with snow, haunted castles, etc. Graphics are also good - nice special effects like rain, snow, wind, lightning affect the gameplay as well. But, sometimes it is too much, especially in crazy fights where you have combat effects as well (particles, projectiles and such). Good thing is, it can be turned off, but it still leaves that light effect before lightning occures. That can be annoying. Level design is overall okay, there are a lot of hidden tunnels, caves, passages and such you explore for treasure but - and again a 'but' - it can be confusing from time to time. When you stand you can look up and down a bit, but it doesn't help when you jump up really high or drop down really low. You miss a lot in between and have to circle back. Soundtrack is great, I think all the areas have their own unique soundtrack or song, as you wish to call it, that really works with the art style. Some of them are so good, I listen for them on YouTube! Sound effects - great. No complaints. Voice work? Hmm, okay I guess, Dust delivers line a bit too forced sometimes, Fidget is okay, Ahrah typical wise low voice, the rest okay as well. Nothing to be amazed about, but decent considering it is a small team with no fancy gear.- Story and Characters - Story begins with Dust, the character you fully control, waking up in a forest with no memory of who he is or where he is. A sword, Ahrah, tells him ( yes - the sword talks) he will help him find out everything he needs but they need to head out to find answers. But, Fidget, a guardian of the sword, arrives and refuses to leave without the sword thus accompanies Dust in his journey. Dust is a combination of fun/wise, Fidget is funny, Ahrah is wise. Overall, trio works great. I didn't find nobody annoying, they all have their roles to fill and it works fine. Other characters you encounter are nothing spectacular, but some do stand out as being cute, funny, bitter, etc. Story is okay, it has couple of great twists and turns, funny moments, sad ones as well, but it lacks definition of who the bad guys are. If the explanation is what we are given in the game, and it's none, then the story falls flat in that part. They are bad because they do bad things, but motivation for such evil, is non-existant.Overall mark: 7.5/10, a very good game.Replay value: Some, for achievements.Should you buy this game for this price? Yes. I've played for 24 hours in total and still there are areas I didn't unlock and content I've missed (not story relevant - that can be covered in 12-14 hours)."
,Recommended,236090,15250884,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ProtonsZero,"Although I feel like this game is unnecessarily furry, it tells a, even if a bit cliche, heartwarming story about choosing who you want to be. It definetively would be a good movie/cartoon for kids, and isn't that far behind as a game.It controls nice. Combos are easy and somewhat intuitive. The plataforming isn't frustrating and the world is nice to explore.The main positive point is the artwork. Beautiful scenarios with beautiful animations.The achievements aren't hard, but sure are rewarding for this experience.The only complaint I would have is the entrance to two ""hidden"" rooms, that feel like they need better info on how to get into.Anyway, the good outweights the bad, and this game is absolutely recommended."
76561198022921857,Recommended,236090,3448545,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Charmeleon,"A short but fun game. I beat it in less than a day, even after going back to get all the secrets. It's not overly complicated but still a challenge. The style of the game is what really pulled me in. The music is absolutely gorgeous and the interactions between characters feel so real. I can definitely see myself playing this game again  in the years to come."
76561198113699266,Recommended,236090,15259051,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Inusoragirl,Definately worth the price!
76561198040746319,Recommended,236090,15274064,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,HoodedMongoose,"Absolutely LOVE this game! Gorgeous artwork, funny script (or at least I sometimes thought so), and I enjoyed the voice acting. A wonderful challenge, though a bit difficult in the arena areas. I've finished this game a while back, but forgot to write a review. Working on Hard Mode now. Come out with a sequel, already!!! I give this a 8/10 because of a few minor annoyances."
,Recommended,236090,15277513,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ravalad,"Wonderful, well executed game with beautiful, rich story. Graphics and soundtrack are simply amazing and breath-taking. Voices of the characters are done perfectly in my opinion. Main character together with his sidekick create a lovely duet... actually I should said trio, since weapon of our hero can TALK and has mind of its own. Dialogues in game are interesting, sometimes funny, touching at other times. I love how every location is completely different from others, with it's own enemies, challenges and difficulties to overcome. The map in the game is made in quite interesting, simplified manner - just to push us a little in the right direction, but not to lead us by the hand all the way. This way we have to put some effort to find all treasures and secrets. To conclude - great piece of work.PS. I cried at the end."
,Recommended,236090,15399407,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Darkshanubi,"To the Developers absolutely love your game, the only thing I thought that it was missing considering the chosen storyline and genre which is very close to most typical JRPGs is the fact that there is no reward or bonus for completing the game and starting again. This is one of the things I typically loved about the ""Tales of the World"" series. Something to consider I suppose if you ever plan on making a sequel..."
76561198063538294,Recommended,236090,15400642,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ausfy,"To be honest, I hated platformer genre.I hated so much that before purchasing Dust: An Elysian Tail I read: At least over 5 reviews and 3 video reviews about the game, read steam comments about the game (Steam reviewers are love and they are your life), and watched the whole game walkthrough on youtube TWICE. Yet, to this day I don't regret buying the game.Did I like the game because there were furry elements included in the game? NoDid I like the game because there were Korean references in the game? No, but it is very refreshing to see other cultural references beside China and Japan.Did I purchase the game to help the one man army developer? NoI bought the game because I realized how well polished the game was despite of limited resources the developer had. (Kick starter trend did not really happen in 2013)While being a SOLO developer of the game he managed to bring/include followings in to the game:-Beautiful art work/ ost-Satisfying combo system/ good hit detections/ fight with enemies-Smooth and simple controls-4th dimension breaking moments-Numerous amount of other game references-Interesting characters/ some what philosophical story line/ enjoyable dialogues-Dependence between the main character (Dust) and side character (Fidget)-Awesome finishing moves-Really good parry system-Very challenging; yet, fair finale boss fight-Existance of teleportation system (Ori and the blind forest does not have this system, which is actually discouraging for me to finish the game)-Challenging; yet, attainable achievements (yes, you can achieve 100% of steam achievements and beat the game with 124% completion)-And decent difficulty of the game (although it may be easy for you if you decide to choose normal difficulty, so crank it up to hard/expert)However there are things the developer forgot to consider these factors in the game:-Almost no existance of invincibility once you have landed on spikes.-The fact the game characters are ""furries"" may discourage  buyers who utterly hate anthropomorphic creatures-Easy to beat the game if you play as normal. (However, I do not want the developer to crank up difficulty of the next game like the Ori and the blind forest. That game is highly praised; yet, difficult to the point you just kinda abandon it for a while.)Yet, the cons I have presented you are can be easily discarded due to the pure joy you will get out from playing this game. Also it is the first game that changed my view on platforming games. I always thought plaformers were for old generations (despite of being raised with original mario games) and should not exist in the game industires. And I was wrong.Platformers can just as be enjoyable and memorable as modern fps shooters. To this day, I have never ever regreted my decision to purchase this game. It definitely worths your investment in the game, and even if you are a COD/ BF series and realism fps fan boy, you will definitely enjoy this game."
76561198007321129,Recommended,236090,15420811,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,axeion,Solid platformer. Decent story with a anime style animations.
76561198057721688,Recommended,236090,15096885,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Foabias,"A very good Action RPG game. It has fluid controls, lots of hack n' slashing and an intriguing story. A good choice for anyone who likes good gameplay and/or story. I spent 18 hours on this game, minus 0,5-1 hours spent AFK.+ Fluid controls+ Voice acting+ An engaging story+ Not overly difficult but unforgiving about mistakes+ Funny sidekick+ Beautiful art with smooth animations+ Sidequests+ Secret loot (Up to you to figure them out)- Seldom crashes (Make sure to save)- EXP required to level up is a bit too linear; You can easily gain levels by butchering weaklings in low-level areas."
,Recommended,236090,15419224,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,[613] pattyville,10/10
76561198002274905,Recommended,236090,15103618,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,kitfox37,A great game with a unique style and an inspired story.  <3
,Recommended,236090,15103728,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,jackster,"1. Buys game2.doWnloads game3.plays game4. get 49% into the game.5.accedantly deletes file from miss-clicking and not even paying attention6.notices file Was deleted7. ""Well ♥♥♥♥ i guess i spent my day doing so much for nothing""8. dosent give a♥♥♥♥♥♥9."" guess i have more to do before thi game get boring""10. spends rest of day geting up to around 50%11. ♥♥♥♥ yeah! B)You should buy thi game if you like the folloWing : Furries, sidekicks so anoying they melt your heart in cuteness, platformers, open World, furries, ninjas, furries,furries,more furries, invinceable rabbits, And More!"
,Recommended,236090,15177494,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fibbers120990,This game is beyond awesome!
76561197999462180,Recommended,236090,1899509,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,SGTMulletman,"Buy it, play it, love it. It is an absolutely incredible game!10/10!"
76561198059287348,Recommended,236090,15290304,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,CoolBaws,"More than just visually stunning, this 2d platformer has a great plot carried by a range of interesting characters (if not a little typical to the genre). It is quite cutesy at times but only in small doses which is quite inkeeping to the world. I loved the combos and skill set improvements throughout the game and the RPG inventory aspects give it a bit more than simple platformers. Most of the puzzles are easy to understand and enjoyable to partake in as is the overall game itself. At absolutly no time did the game crash or glitch which i'd love to say was typicl of most games but unfortunately that is not the case. I picked it up on the sale and it's an easy 8/10 so im more than happy."
,Recommended,236090,15164965,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,booty be poppin,"This game was great. Very fun to play. I'd say the graphics team did a great job, the story line was intricate, and the play time was respectable. Reminded me vary much of the legend of zelda series. I'd rate 9.5/10 (still room for inprovement but prety great)."
,Recommended,236090,3036584,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,changtau2005,"Beautiful art direction and soundscape. Control is crisp and clean, world is full of secrets to discover. One of the best metroidvanias (2D platform/action RPG) I've played on a long while."
76561198080652579,Recommended,236090,15246406,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,retardborist,"Definitely worth playing.  Towards the end of the 20 hours I was pretty ready to be done with it, but I had a good time getting the combos down and crafting new items and what have you.  Interesting story with good voice acting, and a fun side-scroller beat em up mechanic."
,Recommended,236090,15217542,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dark Side of the Atom Heart Wall,"Yifflevania: Symphony of the Yiff... or... Yiffamasa: The Furry Blade...(in seriousness: it's a fantastic game, go check it out.)"
,Recommended,236090,15227899,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[FtD] L,"What a nice game! Easy, but very, very gorgeous and fun to play!"
76561198072584737,Recommended,236090,15230156,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,animefreakme,This game can be summed up by one simply word. Beautiful.
,Recommended,236090,15230537,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Duzeus,"Awesome game! Fun game play, decent story, and fantastic art."
,Recommended,236090,15237728,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sly Fox,"This is... it is a beautiful game. 'Nuff said. The grahics and visuals are amazing, and the soundtrack is beautiful to boot (and only 5$ on Bandcamp)."
,Recommended,236090,2111025,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,RogerThat,This is a fun 2D game with good boss battles and fighting mechanics.  It is a little easy to grind your way to victory.  I suppose the game was set up to be won without any need for grinding.
76561198093989277,Recommended,236090,15454498,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jeffreynew1123,Awesome
,Recommended,236090,15455393,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Cranky_Kat,"Amazing story great platform style game, well worth the money."
76561198006542032,Recommended,236090,2376377,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,zelda82,An indie adventure that will grab you and doesnt let go till the end credits
,Recommended,236090,16146506,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FeatherStar,"Dust really does have it all, from the unbelievable hand-painted graphics, to the addictive and intruging storyline. It's unbelivable this powerhouse of a game was single-handedly created by Dean Dodrill. One ideal feature I look for in a game, I found in Dust; there was the option to change the diffuculty level; diffucult, hardcore, normal, or easy; a feature I found fun to experiment with. Not to mention the true uniqueness of the tale, it's like nothing I've ever seen before. So far, Dust has been one of my favorite games. In my opinion, Dust: An Elysian Tale is a must have in everyone's library."
76561198040461949,Recommended,236090,16129273,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,umos199,"Dust: An Elysian Tail 10/10I normally do not like side scrolling games, However ""Dust: An Elysian Tail"" is simply amazing!Pros: This game has a beautiful art style and amazing story line. I cant even say how much I love this game. It is easy to play with mouse and keyboard or with a 360 controller. Just do what Fidget tells you to and MASH THE BUTTONS!!!Cons.: The game had this one issue where the in game videos would play with the top and bottom cut off, this is the only notable bug I could find, however I do not have this issue any more so the issue was most likely due to my system and not the game itself.Other: I cant say I like how the game ended however Ill just wait and see what comes next, if anything does.Good Game, If you can, get it! Then be blown away buy Dust, and Fidget as they travel with there talking sword"
,Recommended,236090,13148228,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Scanner Dorkly,Where is the next chapter? GIVE ME MORE DUST!!!I recomend this game to furries and non-furries alike. This game is for those who love platformer action with a fantastic story and excellent voice acting. The visual style is beautiful. The game play is straight forward. The story is unique and engaging.There are some AAA titles from top multi-billion dollar developers that can't hold a candle to what this game brings to the table.It also made me have an emotional response. How dare a game make me feel things!
,Recommended,236090,2789701,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,WAC,"Do you enjoy metroidvania games? Do you enjoy slashing the hell out of things? If you said yes to both, then get this game. It's awesome."
76561197971388963,Recommended,236090,514332,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Fanboy50Y,A fantastic metroidvania/action game with the most beautiful 2D graphics I've seen outside of a Vanillaware title.  Excellent voice acting and a challenging but smooth difficulty curve make Dust a strong contender for Game of the Year.  Includes an adorable fuzzy sidekick who *isn't* annoying!
76561197985418711,Recommended,236090,1053573,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Sesambrot,"Simply great!Awesome stroy, nice gameplay, and a lot of content for that price.Absolutely worth it!"
,Recommended,236090,1257502,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Edge,One of the absolute best Metroidvania titles in recent memory. A surprisingly touching story wrapped around the tightest mechanics I have ever seen in a game programmed and created by just one person. An absolute triumph of a game. Shut up and buy it if you like video games.
,Recommended,236090,2762439,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Shadow0300,"This game has a lot of very good featuresThe combat is fast paced and furious, yet not overly complicated. You find yourself striving for a higher hit chain all the time and you button mash like crazy.The puzzles and world are well built and thought out, challenges and abilities are added with good pace and have you revisiting areas just to see what you migt have missed.The crown jewel of this game though, is its story. For that alone this game was worth its cost. It is deep, well written and very moving, with great characters and atmosphere.All in all, well worth playing."
76561198081629483,Recommended,236090,16665539,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mad Faded,10/10
,Recommended,236090,16666778,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Woolong »The Prøfessør«,"Dust: An Elysian Tale is an action-platformer-RPG and an indie hit from 2012. You play as the titular character Dust, an anthropomorphic amnesiac whose main goal is discover who he actually is. Joining him in his quest are two allies: one, a legendary talking sword named Ahrah, who serves as his weapon; the other, a Nimbat named Fidget, whose kind are said to be the guardians of the blade Ahrah. Together, the trio embark on a journey to learn about the history of their world and exactly where Dust fits into it.The common subgenre most people use to explain the inner-workings of a title like Dust is ""Metroidvania,"" and to a large extent this is the case. Much of the game is spent wandering locations; killing enemies for experience, crafting items, and gold while making note of obstacles that can't yet be passed without upgraded abilities. There's also a crafting system based around enemy drops to make better equipment, but it's definitely not nearly as robust as other games in this subgenre.I find that the combat in Dust is more akin to that of a 2D Devil May Cry rather than a Metroid or Castlevania game, mainly due to how little of said combat happens on the ground. With the help of Fidget, who essentially serves as a combat-ready version of Navi, you can chain together attacks with her magic, basic attacks and Dust's special attack, building ridiculous combos in a very satisfying fashion. You can also parry attacks by attacking an enemy as it lashes out at you, but this isn't very useful, can be difficult to time properly and isn't really used unless absolutely necessary.The art style might not feel right at first, but don't let that put you off of trying the game. I didn't particularly care for the way it looked going in, but over time Dust's style really grew on me. I think it largely comes down to the game's animations flowing as well as they do, and the obvious attention to detail that went into each frame. All in all, the art direction is very true throughout and as a result the world feels more alive, even in the cutscenes. They may not be the best, but they're a lot like the voice acting: by no means perfect, but  far from bad.If you're a fan of action RPGs or Metroidvania-style games and you don't own Dust: An Elysian Tail yet, I would definitely recommend it. It's a great game and a solid action RPG that's definitely worth the small price tag."
,Recommended,236090,16668701,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cpl. Dust [2RB],"If you have not played this game you are missing out, plain and simple. This is the best game I have ever played. It has an amazing story, excellent gameplay and pacing, and a leveling system that is complex enough to be interesting but not so rediculously complex that you need to read a bunch of guides to fully understand it.I played through the game on hardcore from the beginning, which is why I have 39 hours of gameplay! As a matter of fact, I just finished the game for the first time before writing this review. If I had the difficulty down the game probably wouldn't have taken nearly as long for me to complete, but I think that the challenge added to the experience and would highly recommend playing on hardcore difficulty (Although geting OHKOed by a number of enemies can be pretty frustrating).What stands out the most about this game is the consistently amazing level of quality. Throughout my playthrough of the game there was not a single moment where it felt like the developers took shortcuts or ran out of ideas. It is an amazing ride from start to finish. I wish I could forget the whole plot and play the game again."
76561197997909445,Recommended,236090,16675713,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wafflekitty,"A fun action/combat-oriented platformer. Kind of a light Metroidvania and RPG vibe to it. Your sidekick character is adorable and entertaining throughout the game. My one major complaint about the game is some poor stat balancing. Early on, just maxing out your strength will button-mash wreck enemies. But about 1/3rd of the way in you start encountering enemies that can only be killed with magic, and from that point onward magic begins to utterly annihilate enemies like butter. It's kind of a jarring turn-around if you had been pouring all your points into strength up until that point, though by no means does it make the game unbeatable. Ultimately, the game is pretty easy overall but still quite fun."
76561198119318350,Recommended,236090,16672383,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Matt,"TL;DR: if the trailer picked your interest, go buy the game, it's worth it.StoryThe story in this game is good but not epic. There's a good amount of mystery and the occasional plot twist but other than that it's as good as an everyday fantasy novel. The character development is a bit lacking, don't buy this title solely for the story!Combat & ControlsThe combat in this game is very responsive: it does exactly what you say it to do. The amount of combos is limited but sufficient, altough I wouldn't mind having some more combos to play with! All combos are available within 15 minutes of gameplay, after that it's only different flavors of projectiles or utility skills. You'll find yourself backtracking many levels after acquiring a new skill to reach otherwise inaccessible locations.I'd strongly advise to skill your character in defense rather than attack. This will allow you to perform long combos on groups of enemies while minimizing the damage from the occasional hit you're going to take.For me, the curve in power between areas is too high: I find myself killing enemies in earlier zones in one or two hits, which is not good for replayability... Still, there appear to be items in the game that will tone down your power to avert feeling overpowered.Usually, games like this are better played with a controller. However, I've been playing with the keyboard and have noticed no difficulty whatsoever.DifficultyMany complaints mention the difficulty of this game, or better, the lack of it. Because of this, I've decided to start the game onToughdifficulty. The game tends to be on the easier spectrum in contrast to many other brawlers and platformers, however, I also believe that the smooth combat controls are partially to 'blame'.Spamming the best combo over and over will usually result in you having full health and the enemies having none in a matter of seconds. That being said, the game can be made more challenging by trying to chain together different combos, effectively forcing yourself to go melee all the way! That's the way I like to play these games, decide for yourself if that's a merit or not.I should also say that the game is very forgiving on the easier modes and less so on harder modes. Getting hit by enemies, and environmental dangers alike, will hemorrhage your health (and money, to buy very expensive healing items). It's certainly no walk in the park onHardcoredifficulty, but it doesn't compare to games that thrive on players dying dozens of time before finally completing a fight. Still, I recommend starting onToughorHardcoredifficulty depending on your experience with brawlers/platformers.Graphics & MusicThe game is a graphical andmusical masterpiece. Okay, let's get this out of the way: yes, the characters are all antropomorphical cats and rabbits. Should  you have some weird phobia that prohibits you from looking at anything remotely 'furry'-like... don't buy this game until you've grown up. For the mature audience reading this review: each character has multiple high resolution portraits that, in combination with the voice acting, lift the dialogue to the next level.The dialogues can be skipped, which might be preferred by some players.PerformanceThe game was originally made for consoles, which means it can't be very taxing on hardware. As you might expect, playing this on the highest settings shouldn't be a problem for any piece of hardware. I haven't tried it on an integrated graphics card, but I'm pretty sure it won't matter at all.VerdictDust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful game that is worth every penny and maybe even more.10/10 would buy again."
76561198058641750,Recommended,236090,6081933,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,JamenSamen,"fantastic story great game play and amazing art , definitely one of my favorite games"
76561198111555647,Recommended,236090,8981481,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rock_T_Balanced,"The only Major complains that anyone would have with this game is that the combat is repetitive and the voice acting off-key. Both are not even close to being clasified as icing on the cake. This game overshadows both arguments with a game that is bigger than itself... Have you ever played Legend of Zelda? This game goes to great legnths to put a whole adventure before you through side-scrolling and platforming... Have you ever played Majora's Mask? This game has a dark backstory where the events in the game in the present day come to haunt you through death of more than just gineric enemies. This game is so dark that there has to be comic relief or you will fall apart playing this game. At times humor can't even lift your spirits from playing this game. it is so dark and melacholy that it makes for such a great story. The story is best to be described as to let it speak for itself. Buy this game and hack and slash your way thorugh this RPG becuase this is one of the greatest hack-and-slash platformers I have ever played. But a fair but of warning, if you are directly interested in the gameplay it would be a good idea to put a lot of emphasis on exploring the story. Plus one thing I will say is that it starts off the story by the numbers with an amnesia plot-device but it actually works a lot better in the long run because you learn more of the lore of the game by playing the game rather than exposition being handed to you all at once."
,Recommended,236090,15030497,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,iggy,Awesome platform game. 9/10
76561198028950490,Recommended,236090,15032406,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,(Nanalan) Mona,"This game is truely fantasic, Im currently playing game on hardcore differcultly. A must play for hack-n-slash for fans."
,Recommended,236090,1313147,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,SoulPrint,"Yet another game to be placed on my best indie games list with it's thematic and riveting story, coupled with its simple, yet robust combat."
,Recommended,236090,14879438,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bollosaur,"This is a really good game and It was well worth the money.The combat might be limited in the amount of combos you can use but I never felt the combat was repeditive and dull.The story is nice and kept the game going at a nice pace and with good voice acting I was drawn in. There might have been one or two times the dialog felt a bit corny but it was still miles away from the corny dialog of FORCED.Some nitpicking:- Dust moves a bit slow, would have felt nice if he moved just a litle bit faster.- Some of the characthers didn't seem to be as well done as others.All in all, a really good game and definitely a recommend!"
76561198050665525,Recommended,236090,14817133,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,glench469,"Dust: An Elysian Tail has both an epic story and difficulty levels. Enjoy a beautifully crafted story on easy, or face merciless on insane mode. Either way its a game you don't want to pass up."
,Recommended,236090,7402732,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,McAron,Really well made side slasher with RPG elements. Smooth art style and atmosferic sound track is making it even better. You better buy it!
,Recommended,236090,1172782,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"Finished the game, excellent example of a great title in all aspects. Controls are smooth as a baby's butt, musical scores are fitting like a glove and the general feel and animation of the game is wonderful. The story left no holes, didn't advance rapidly or skipped parts and all that combined makes one of the best titles in it's genre. Though fairly short, it's still longer than most games these days and overall it's 115% worth getting :)"
,Recommended,236090,14932506,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dreamy.Mouse,One word: AMAZING
76561198066275299,Recommended,236090,6436351,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Undelicious,SUCH an amazing game. Everyone should own this.
,Recommended,236090,545560,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Such Spooky Flame,"This game is loads of fun and is very much worth taking the time to play. The artwork is fantastic, the controls are fluid and easy to learn, the interface is well-designed and the RPG elements are incorporated well into the action.However, there's something about one of the characters that's very off-putting and I just couldn't stop noticing throughout the entire game.They drew fidget with a set of hips that really, really stand out. Fidget is the little flying cat wombat thing that follows him around. This just didn't seem appropriate to me.I mean i've been hearing the argument that it's a furry game and that they weren't hiding it but it just seems like they were trying to sexualize the smallest furry creature and not the human-sized furries and yeah, I am done thinking about this now."
,Recommended,236090,4551438,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,randymihalik,"Ehh.... Combat is awesome, not much else."
,Recommended,236090,15066018,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,☆Hanniee☆,awesome game! after ori and the blind forest i been looking for a game similar to it and nothing is as good as ori.. untill i found this game :) so worth the money!!
76561198041408471,Recommended,236090,15067609,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,genericfantasygamer,"An engaging story interspersed with easy puzzles, entertaining combo-based combat, and immersive environments. In Dust, an Elysian Tale, you play as a confused young man who has no recollection of who he is and where he comes from. He awakens to a world full of violence and war, and sets out on a quest with Ahrah the Talking sword and Fidget the Nimbat (Sort of a flying rat-bat).This game's story deeply explores serious themes of self-discovery set to a backdrop of doing the right thing. There is suspicion, betrayal, loss, failure, and angst along the way, but Dust continues to protect the people around him. At the end of the story, all is revealed, and the unusual origin of Dust is revealed....Be warned, you just might freak out when you see the ending of this game's story!I highly recommend this jewel of a game!(Overall 9/10, Story 10/10, Gameplay 9/10, Graphics 9/10, Sound 8/10, Replayability 7/10)"
,Recommended,236090,15071283,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Momentai,"The words I have are not strong enough how I feel about Dust.Amazing art, charming epic/emotional music (when I entered the Cirromon Caverns - I definitely lost my breath). The storyline is not the best, but the dialouges makes it absolutely perfect, they are more than well written. The characters... first I was a little sceptic because I'm not into... furry, but shortly I forgot everything about it... they are all (almost) LOVEABLE! Dust's personality, Fidget's incredible cuteness, Ginger, Bopo, Fuse... General Gaius. They all have the spark to be not just the part of the story - but to live it. The gameplay is really fast, you rush hundreds of enemies with amazing combo strikes... however at the end it can be a little bit annoying and boring when they dodge everything... And finally... the ending... now I feel really... really... empty...Thank you for the adventure, Dust and Fidget. Farewell, my friends. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,15082429,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spliter,"This game should have been more popular than it was. The art is gorgeous, the characters are great, the story is awesome and gameplay is top notch. If you've not played it  you're doing yourself a disservice."
76561198031396215,Recommended,236090,15083059,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"Furry anime weeaboo man angst pain...but it was a fun hack and slash adventure. The RPG element just feels forced for the sake of it being in there with items specifically. When you blast everthing to death in a huge combo chain, you will feel like liquid Jesus"
76561198081727790,Recommended,236090,15095070,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MasterOfBeings,Dust is unlike most games. it has a faboulus storyline and it enjoyable to play. it is a must play
,Recommended,236090,14830137,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Z3R0,"This game is probably the best I have ever played, since I played The Last Story on the Wii. With such a rich storyline, fluid controls, and an easily lovable cast, whats not to love about it. I can't wait for a sequal."
,Recommended,236090,16904053,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,KingDarkSouls,The Best 2.99 i ever spend so far. Would of bought full price
,Recommended,236090,16904753,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"Great beat em up, with a good amount of combinations. Small RPG elements give it a bit of a challenge in the higher stages if you play the harder modes. Tried out a few different ones before finding the one I liked. Great visuals if you prefer the art style, look at some screen shots.This is probably another of the diamonds of the indy scene I am glad to pcik up. Honestly I wouldn't mind a sequel, and I will finish the game before seeking out the hidden areas.If your a fan of beat em ups, this art style, and a fun simple RPG element attached. This game is literally made for you. It wasn't made for the cup of tea I usually enjoy and I still find it enjoyable. I confidently can say this is a good pick up, especially on sale."
76561198004221773,Recommended,236090,16904942,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rakatango,"This game is fantastic. The art style is very similar to that of Don Bluth's An American Tail with anthropomorphic animals as the characters. If that turns you off to the game, I'm sorry, but you're missing out on an excellent side scrolling hack'n'slash that feels INCREDIBLY good. The movement and especially the combat are outstanding with the animation and sound assets to boot. The combat is insanely satisfying and very responsive.The voice acting for the most part is well done, although I found myself annoyed by the main character's voice acting at the start, but it seemed to improve.  The music is very well done and fits with the game.As far as the story goes, I enjoyed it, but then again I enjoy most stories and I am a fan of the anime style of storytelling (which this game enemates).But, as you might already have guessed, the strength of this game is the combat. I'll just say again that it's fantastic and if you like side scrolling hack'n'slashy combat, buy this game. You'll have a blast."
,Recommended,236090,16905675,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TheUntitled1,The best deviantart game I've ever played.
,Recommended,236090,16901532,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"I haven't even finished this game yet, but I've played enough of it to say without an ounce of doubt that it's absolute perfection, especially taking into consideration that this was all done by ONE PERSON. The combat is fun and addictive regardless of if you're using a controller or KB&M, the art style is beautiful, and I love the RPG elements (crafting, side quests, leveling up, the whole shebang). And looking at it from a port standpoint, this game should be a study on How to Create the Perfect PC Port.Just the fact that this game exists astounds me in the best way possible, and I've been having an absolute blast with it, and I'm not even that big of a fan of 2D metroidvania sidescrollers usually. I got the game during the sale but I implore you to get it at full price if you're able, because this game and the developer deserves every bit of it. Absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,236090,16875038,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Blunderp,"I'm gonna start out saying that I absolutely hate indie games, the point of indie games is to show players the potential of dev's to make more with less, this end result being the game.Then there is this game, an actual indie game that i found that has accomplished that without fail in any aspect, I enjoyed every minute of this game, and played thru it some times ( I initially, uh, got it for ""free"" cuz like i said i hated most indie games and a friend convinced me to try this) Playing this made my buy the game on the spot, the story if nice, the artstyle is amazing, and the side-quests were actually worth going thruI'd recommend this game to anyone who likes a game with an good story line and an amazing artstyle."
,Recommended,236090,16875402,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,b0nn1e,Very addicting :D
76561198118376272,Recommended,236090,16877396,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Joon,I haven't played much yet but... I want to play the game badly right now but i just came here to post that this game is just so amazing. I've stopped playing for a while bc this game is so good that everybody should play it :). I feel like a ninja playing the game ^^
76561198080589278,Recommended,236090,9106759,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Delta,Very very very good game. Worth the money!!!!
76561198047422916,Recommended,236090,9111352,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SlappyHurtPunch,"Beautiful Metroidvania style game. I has a lot of fun gameplay, and the story was somewhat interesting. If you're considering this game, get it!"
76561198005693990,Recommended,236090,9111767,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kagero_scm,"People usually shy away from the title thanks to the cutesy graphics, don't make that mistake, behind the childlike visuals lies a solid beat'em up with a great story and memorable characters."
76561198228969532,Recommended,236090,16689364,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,john.r.moser,"It's an okay platform-RPG, good story, good controls; but the ending is lame.  The story basically ends in the middle:  at confrontation, the final battle commences.  The big bad is never built upon and the hero is never developed in his relationship with the villain; events which lead into long-term dramatic tension instead only lead into swordplay and ending credits.Basically, the story builds the world, scenarios, and characters, and then ends."
,Recommended,236090,16691403,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheCRAZYspud,"Never have I been one for the 2D platformer, hack-n-slash brawler type of game. This game, however captured my interest, and held it all the way to its epic conclusion. Dust: An Elysian Tail is beautiful in every way I can think to mention; From the lovingly rendered backgrounds and animations to the story and the voice acting (which is better than a lot of folks seem to give credit for), this game is full to bursting with sincerity and passion from its creators.Some will fault this game for lack of 'replayability', and in some respects they are correct. An astute player will easily 100% the game on the first playthrough, achievements and all. This is not due to the game being shallow, in any respect. There's plenty of Metroid-Vania-ness that rewards exploration and attention to detail with worthwhile upgrades and items. The enemies are many, the combat is rewarding and at times unforgiving of mistakes, making it a skill-based affair rather than a tenacious button-masher. There is a reasonable variety of attacks and combos and special moves to keep the gameplay from growing too stale, different monsters and bosses requiring different tactics. I never once had a complaint about dying, since I instantly knew it was my fault, not one of game design but of my ineptitude as a gamer. Learning the combos and the timing of attacks is not only rewarding but enjoyable and left me with a smile on my face after every encounter.It is this game's atmosphere, however, which absolutely enthralls me. The art style is colorful and captures mine eye in ways I've seldom encountered before in games. Every monster, tree, item and movement Dust makes is rendered so wonderfully I can't help but pause and admire the beauty of it all. I find myself standing on the crest of a hill or on a ledge in the caverns just gazing around the screen, picking out details and sometimes just watching the monsters and thinking about how much work went into each one of them before I send them away with a skillfull sword-slashing combo. The level of detail and flavorful scenery of this game never ceases to amaze me.Dust: An Elysian Tail might not be everyone's cup of tea. Some might complain the combat is too limited for their lofty fighting-game pallate, or may say the story is predictable and therefore flawed. It is my opinion that the gameplay, while certainly not comparing to the well-known fighting games in terms of multitudes of combos and combat options, is perfect for the many of us not attuned to such rigorous button-pressing. As for the story, I say it does not have to be original to be told well, and in a way that will stick to the back of my memory among the few other noteworthy sagas gaming has given me. Its a timeless tale that I'll remember fondly as one of my better gaming experiences and continue to recommend to anyone looking for something heartfelt and unique amongst the sea of remakes, sequels and bandwagoners that so often cloud our vision in our search for those few rare gems we so fondly cling to. Dust is, without a doubt, a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,236090,16553876,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Twisting Okarin™,The game is ok 7/10
,Recommended,236090,16464146,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lazarus,Very fun gameplay. Awesome story. Great progression. Charming characters. Humor and heaviness. Gorgeous graphics. Amazing final boss fight. Great soundtrack. Great difficulty. Nice voice acting. Customization.It's a really great game.
,Recommended,236090,1872572,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,MCOneTwo,"Starts out childish, but gets pretty intense later on. Overall, a pretty danm good game and fun times to be had"
76561198052912492,Recommended,236090,16467048,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Melvacross,"My favourite game of all time! It has everything I could ask for: The game is pure eye and ear candy. The controls are very responsive which makes the fighting hella enjoyable (it works well even if you use the keyboard). Every area has its own challenge with different enemies and obstacles. The characters are well done and it is so much fun listening to their fully voiced dialogues. Being a metroidvania styled game you can explore the maps and find many secrets and stories. And the amazing part is: This game was produced by only one single man, that is dedication!The only downfall is the difficulty. I'd suggest to play it on ""Tough"" because the game is otherwise quite easy.TL;DR: My favourite game, a must-have for every metroidvania lover."
,Recommended,236090,16467091,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OriginAtrocity,"In the gaming climate as of late, two things are regarded as near constants. The first is that indie games have small development teams, while the second is that any game which has a longer-than-usual development cycle never turns out to live up to expectations (we're looking at you, Timeshift and Duke Nukem Forever).Dust: An Elysian Tail basically takes the cake on both counts.With the exception of the voice acting and the music design, everything in Dust: AET was done by a single person. Dean Dodrill took the artwork, animation, coding, storyline and even the creation of a PC version he deemed worthy of release and spent nearly half a decade getting the job done.And it definitely shows, but not how you'd expect. Dust: AET is, indie job or no, one of the most well-polished and complete 2D MetroidVania-style games to grace the PC. To find something ""better"" for our trusty desktops/laptops, you technically have to break the law and go trawling for roms.While the anthropomorphic/""furry"" aesthetic may be something of a turn-off for some, the artistic style of the characters in this game is like the sprite-based graphics of Terraria, a choice made by the developer (and the singular is actually correct in this instance) and nothing more.Scratch beneath it and you get the usual trappings of the MetroidVania world; a gradual widening of the protagonist's repertoire, the need to backtrack and revisit locations to satisfy the needs of the completionist and so on, all wrapped up with an RPG-esque level-up and equipment system and garnished with over-the-top (at least on Dust's part) combat that wouldn't look out of place in the love-child of Devil May Cry and Streets of Rage.At the end of the day, Dust: AET is an absolute blast to play and, even at its full price, I'd say it's worth it."
76561198004744150,Recommended,236090,2260301,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Red Aria,"Beautiful, fun and simply charming. A fantastic example of amazing games not needing to be from AAA developers.Wholeheartedly recommend it, one of the most fun games ive played for a while."
,Recommended,236090,16469029,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shiro,"10/10Awesome visuals, awesome characters, awesome gameplay and a nice closing to the story.Need more of this."
76561197988752055,Recommended,236090,16471255,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shizuri,"Lovely graphicstyle and verry tight controlls! Would recomend to anyone. Verry impressive for a game made from one man, the love and joy from the creator towards his creation shines through throughout the entire game."
,Recommended,236090,16473572,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[TR] Applesauce,"This game I find was quite enjoyable. Its like a mess between a side scroller and DC vs Marvel game, and the story is pretty good. Kinda refreshing to see game like these are being made. I hope the creator will continue the work and make more games."
,Recommended,236090,1611754,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Fireblend,"Dust is obviously a work of love. The game's backgrounds and characters look fantastic and when they are put in motion the results are breathtaking, and with great music to boot. The gameplay is about as good as you can expect from an action-oriented metroidvania: level design is top notch, there's plenty of equipment and character customization and the battle system is incredibily successful and rewarding; its addictiveness is easily an accomplishment in and of itself.The art style and the story might be a bit of a hit-or-miss, but this is a must buy if you have any kind of appreciation for platformers, metroidvanias, or games that just plain exude the ridiculous amounts of passion and dedication that went into making them. I couldn't put the controller down. (Oh yeah, it should go without saying this is definitely meant to be experienced with a pad)."
76561198062899091,Recommended,236090,16475111,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ByKe,"I defintely recommend this epic tale, especially during Summer Sale! You won't regret if you enjoy adventure platforming with good gameplay, graphics and story!"
,Recommended,236090,9220810,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Tchaikovsgay,"Alrighty... to start things off, I don't know how it took me two months to even consider writing a review on this masterpiece.I'll try to make this a brief review. Knowing that this is an indie game, before I saw the trailer, I was pretty concerned in terms of how good Dust: An Elysian Tail would be. After seeing the trailer and buying the game right after, I had a lot of expectations for this game - and, on that note, this game exceeded all of those expectations. Honestly, I don't even know where the hell to start.Dust is a pretty short game, but it's able to fit everything a good game's supposed to have in it. That is, the story, characters... the works. The levels look more and more gorgeous as the game progresses, and the voice acting is [almost] top-notch. And the music. Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing gawd, the music. The soundtrack for this game is so beautiful that I really don't know how the hell to explain it. Really the only problem I have with this game are the bosses. They're way too easy.If you don't mind playing a game in which every single character is a furry, you're in for a real damn good time... In other words, you'd better buy this. If you hate/have a lot of things against furries, on the other hand, you might not want to buy this game.Like I said - the game's pretty short, but it's worth EVERY SINGLE EFFIN' PENNY. I recommend this game like a madman."
76561198080707116,Recommended,236090,9226502,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Gun Dae,"Imagine a game that combines the gameplay of metroid and devil may cry, but with rpg elements and furries as all of the characters. Sound interesting? Then Dust an Elysian tail is just for you. This is an absolutely awesome game that obviously had a lot of time, effort and love put into it, especially since this game was made by only one person. The soundtrack and art is absolutely beautiful, and sometimes, its on par with disney pixar films. Combine that with an interesting story, a colorful cast of characters, and some references to other popular videogames as well as some in game jokes (such as the fact the creator is part korean, thus he puts a lot of korean food as the health items) makes this a game definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,236090,9240430,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Babyballable,"Not always when I finish a game I feel sad that it ended. Dust ist an exelent sidescroller with RPG elements. The artstyle is beautifull and the game is resposive as hell, hard to belive that both graphics, and programming were done by a single man. Most of characters are memorrable and loveable and the story is magical. With a few complains here and there I can safetly say that you won't be regreating spending money on this game. For some people Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons and Jurney didn't have enught ""game"" in them, Dust fills the gap between a video game, and a very emotional expierience.Form Ashes to Ashes, Form Dust to Dust."
,Recommended,236090,9241411,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Taylon,"Easily one of the best indie games i've purchased. it's very metroidvania, highly recommend."
76561198002530711,Recommended,236090,9242572,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Vaden,Excellent and well made indie title.
,Recommended,236090,9010872,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,xM_G,This game is great if you wanna only play it for an hour. I left the first town and now it crashes :(
76561198045903883,Recommended,236090,5169885,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Matt Arms-long,dis is good
,Recommended,236090,9012857,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,JoJonium,"This is definitely one of the best indie games I've ever played.  The combat is really fun, if a little easy, and never seems repetitive.  The art is absolutely gorgeous, the PC port is really good (mouse driven menus!) and the story, while at first seeming cliche, turns out to be surprisingly good.  Also the music sounds awesome.  All things considered, this is definitely worth $15.  It's really worth like $60, but since they're selling it for $15, buy it.  now."
,Recommended,236090,9072390,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Winter King,"The voice work can be a bit stilted now and then, but over all a really fun game."
,Recommended,236090,7494632,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Calefi Blackwood,"The game is EXCELLENT! The story is great and combat is a lot of fun! However, the best thing in the game is the art. The game is beautiful and the work the developer has done with painting the environment, the enemies and the protagonists is OUTSTANDING! This game must be one of the best looking games I have ever played and the npcs are all voiced which is a nice and impressive touch (Fidget's voice is the best). I recommend this game by all means and hope we see a new project from the developers as soon as possible."
,Recommended,236090,10397756,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Chaos,Very good game. I'm having fun with it. Amazing what 1 person can do!
,Recommended,236090,10398561,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,LeQuack100,"Dust is a 2D platformer/fighter, like something from the nineties, but a bit more up-to-date and surprisingly polished.Movement and platforming mechanics are solid and reliable - it's never unfair and, providing you've at least a little skill, at no point is it likely to become tiresome.  Combat is straight-forward and fairly fluid.  While it requires no great skill (you can button-mash through most of the game), it is quite fun stringing together the various simple combos.The audio-visuals are extremely polished, the game looks and sounds good throughout.  Characterisation and storyline are the game's weakest points - it feels somewhat like a cross between an old Disney movie and a generic Japanese anime episode - and these days, seeing as Disney/Pixar turns out the likes of The Incredibles, Monsters, Inc and so forth, producing a sub-par old-Disney-style story with added anime stereotypes really isn't impressive.Voice-acting is as good as it can be, given the paucity of the scripts the actors have been given.  Kimlinh Tran as Fidget has the most to work with and sounds like she's having the most fun.On balance, this is a good game.  I've finished it on Normal Difficulty and I didn't feel like the game outstayed it's welcome.  I'll be playing through again on a higher difficulty later.  Recommended."
76561198130089077,Recommended,236090,10351063,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Catastrophy,Beautiful looking and great action game. While the story and voice acting are good. Its the painted feel of the backgrounds and characters that are some of the best I have seen. If you like old school style hack n slash. With a major upgrade on graphics and sound. Dust is worth checking out.
,Recommended,236090,10353651,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Norriven,A man with no memory -- only called Dust by a talking sword -- embarks on a journey to learn of himself and protect the innocent.Upgrading is simple and easy to follow by providing one point per level.Combat is fun and flashy with staggering combos.Exploration is much like Metroid with specific skills allowing for access of hidden areas.Keeps it simple with items and equipment left to the bear minimum.Your typical vendor stores are available for trading or crafting upgrades.The story comes to a touching climax.A rather impressive endeavor as this game was made by one man!This game is a required purchase when on sale!
76561198099306578,Recommended,236090,10356786,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ToasterSnake,"EVERYONE SHOULD GET THIS GAME! it is defintly worth the money honestly you could raise the price and it would still be worth it. The graphics are just plain beatifull. the music fires you up for every battle and the storyline is good. Not to mention this game has scored tons of 9/10, 9.5/10 scores. and if you dont get this game ill come to your house and kill you. maybe"
76561198025013240,Recommended,236090,10346350,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,The Mad King Lemon,I've only just played about an hour of this but I am having an absolute blast. For fans of side scrolling beat 'em ups this is for you.
,Recommended,236090,13649123,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Weeb Trash,"Whats better than Call of Duty?Well... everything...But a story about a two-soul-amnesiac-good-bad-almost mad-kick♥♥♥♥♥badass-furry-with-a-talking sword-with-a-small-anoyingly cute sidekick use fire, lighting and magic.Thats better"
,Recommended,236090,13653833,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,piyo da,it's like castlevania with furries
76561198059899732,Recommended,236090,13654115,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TRILLONIX,"I already love this game after 3h of playing it. It has a awesome soundtrack and is lots of fun to play. But I recommend a gamepad, because playing it with keyboard is kinda stressfull."
,Recommended,236090,13654849,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheNarrator,"By far this is one of my favorite games ever. The fact I'm writing this review proves that casue i hate writing reviews. I first found this game on the Xbox and i beat it and i bought the game again on PC just to play it again on hardcore. Anyways its gameplay is quite decent and I love the art style, expecially the cutscenes. but if there is anything to love more about this game its the story, its amazing. i wont spoil anything so i wont go any further into it but it is something that makes me love this game so much more. I applaud Dean Dodrill, he made everthing about this game by himself and i praise him for it. not many indie games get this much praise. Easily 6/5 stars"
76561198058815928,Recommended,236090,13656656,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Twi5t3d,"Extremely Entertaining!  I love tis game: it has a well written storyline, the right amount of humor, fast action and great artistic sceenery... the most underrated side-scroller ever!"
76561198054664175,Recommended,236090,13656747,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Legalweapwn,Instantly hooked.  Hypnoticly beatiful game.  Would pay full price.  It's a no-brainer on sale.
,Recommended,236090,13656938,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mistah Brown,"If you don't have this game, you are seriously missing out. The graphics are georgous, the gameplay is smooth and the storyline is just perfect. I absolutely love how easy this game is to play but difficult to master. I bought the game and played it for a good 8 hours after. I highly recommend it, 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,13664376,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SWEET,"Blew my mind, good story line fun characters and a worthy challenge"
76561197993792083,Recommended,236090,13664995,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tuckilufigus,"Awesome. I'm usually the kind of person who likes 3d games, but this side scroller caught my interest. I am so glad I picked this one up. The action is awesome, the gameplay is flawless, and the story is epic. I beat the game but I love it so much that I created a save so I can go back and 100% everything. Absolutely worth the value!!!"
,Recommended,236090,2342505,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Sliph,Game is amazing even moreso when you consider it was made by one person. Worth the price on sale or not.
,Recommended,236090,3508508,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Tlahti,"A sweet little game with an interesting story and entertaining (frustrating?) characters. Every single character is voice acted, though to varying degrees of success. The 'comedy' character especially will leave you with a giggle or an urge to spam the SKIP-button.A single playthrough will take you roughly 10-15 hours, depending on your skill level, if you want to get everything done. However, the game lends itself very poorly to replays, unless you just want to experience the story again. There is little to no variation on a second or third playthrough, unless you feel like turning up the difficulty. A word of warning, the hardest difficulty really is difficult, and you WILL die.An overall decent game to pick up next time it's on sale."
,Recommended,236090,13176035,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,dayeman,"There is a lot more depth to this game than you might think. The mechanics are solid, and the combat feels very fluid and satisfying. The controls are great, whether you prefer keyboard and mouse, or gamepad. Likeable characters, humorous dialogue that doesnt try too hard to be funny, and an even pacing in the story really make you want to keep playing. The artwork, presentation, and sound are all spot-on. So far (I'm about 20% finished) I am VERY happy to have given this game a chance. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,236090,13275727,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Natural_1,"From start to finish I think the game has its ups and downs, but from chapter to chapter I think this game is actually pretty good. There are a few major bugs that can hinder the game, but it won't make the game impossible. It has a pretty solid story, but it seems a little rushed at the end so enjoy the beginning while you can. Other than that the game is fairly easy and past a certain equipment and level it becomes too easy, even on the more difficult setting. It doesn't really give you a good challenge, but it does profide a reasonable story to enjoy and a few good hours spend. Though I recommend waiting for the next sale."
,Recommended,236090,13276093,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ranory,"Great game with an interesting story. The writing isn't always brilliant, but I enjoyed the banter between the main character and his sidekick. Also, though some people find the sidekick annoying, I actually liked her. Amazing game. I recommend it highly."
,Recommended,236090,815096,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Cinos Ruddertail,"This is just fantastic. I'd compare it to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night firstly. It's not AS good as that masterpiece, granted, but few games are perfect when compared to perfection. Yet, it shares all the elements that made SotN so amazing; funnily voiceacted cutesnes, awesomely fun gameplay, exploration and treasures, effectively all of it. Great music too. Only issue it has is the Japan-O-Centric combo system, where the game rewards you more for ""chaining"" enemy hits; I don't like this, and feel it'd be better off with a ""western"" RPG system. Otherwise, however, it is a most excellent game.Oh, does the furry bit bother you? It's not that furry. No yiffing or anything, it's about as furry as SotN is vampiric. That is, basically in character design only."
76561197989293542,Recommended,236090,13256424,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vorpal,"Very good game.Beautiful artwork and animations, on top of a solid rpg package, but most importantly, its just fun to play. Combat plays almost like a Capcom fighting game.I really appreciate the legit and proper leveling element. No enemies getting stronger with you business. Having trouble with an area? Go back and play the previous levels a couple times. Gain some levels, get some loot.Personally, I had mixed feeling about the dialouge and voice acting, but it's easy enough to button though. Overall the story was pretty interesting though.Great music.Looking forward to what's next from this developer."
,Recommended,236090,13260611,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Maikam,"As a huge Metroid fan, I have mixed feelings about this game. On one hand, I really like the references it makes to Metroid, from obvious elements like the maps and the unlocking of areas with specific abilities, until more subtle things like elevators, animals running with you and some backgroung or even monster arts. The game also honors several indie and old games, which is nice.On the other hand, the repetitive and often frustrating gameplay can become annoying. This is not a game to be played for hours straight, because it will make you tired of it. I'm also not very fond of the background story, I found it kind of silly and not very relevant to what was happening throughout the game. Often I found myself skipping dialogue so that I could move on with the exploring of the environments.In summary, the best parts of this game are the visual arts, the exploring and unlocking of abilities borrowed from Metroid and some of the quests that are fun to complete. The bad parts are the repetitive, almost button-mashing gameplay and the lack of precision in the controls, which becomes evident during some of the trials and platform jumping.Overall, it's a good game, but not one that makes me feel like playing it again in hardcore mode, for instance. If you like hack'n'slash or Metroidvania games, this could be the one for you. However, if you are looking for intricate/compelling story or gameplay, stay away from it."
,Recommended,236090,13263978,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Secco27,"I originally owned this on the 360 and absolutely loved the story, so when it went on Steam Sale, purchasing it for the PC was a no brainer. It's a beautiful, yet simple, 2d scroller with a great story that drew me into the character and inner struggle of Dust.8.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,13264402,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Doctor Kill-Yourself,"I've played everything from Half-Life2 to Turbo Dismount, somehow, along the way I skimmed over this game. I'm playing it now and let me say: I. Love. This game. It's amazing. I've never seen anything exactly like this. Between the action of beating on enemies, to the amazing art, to the story, and lastly to the characters. I love it all. Developers, you are amazing. I love this game, and I can't stop saying that. Few games have ever made me that happy. So to summarize this: Thank you. I love it."
,Recommended,236090,13801401,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AzulAtômico,"Very atmospheric and scary.Beautifull environments, great sound design.Play it with the lights off, it is a lot of fun."
76561198037101994,Recommended,236090,10287582,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Sekiryuutei,"Really good game here and I recomend anyone to buy it. Really good art, music and gameplay.Towards the end of the game you are really overpowered the last boss dosen't stand a chance but it stillfeels fun beating the crap out of it.Aperently I completed my run through on normal with 105% even though I didn't find everything.One thing that did get at me though is that the voices can be a little off time with the characters mouths and the cinimatic cutscenes had no audio unless you pause it and resume.Anyway get this game =3"
76561198050666569,Recommended,236090,10289801,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ti-jo,"If you're looking for a good mix of rpg and plateform game, well you'll be served just right my friend"
76561198040641506,Recommended,236090,10290596,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,lifestream85,Awesome Game
76561198103907625,Recommended,236090,10256306,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Suicidal Muffin,"I'm going to be honest. This game is one of the best games I have ever played. I love this game from the bottom of my heart. It does everything I like in a game just right. The story is great. It has some tearjerking moments and some well placed comic relief moments. The characters are beautiful. The voice acting is superb. The visuals are amazing. The environments are varied and interesting. The gameplay fluid. The music! Ohhh the music is just epic! I could honestly go on and on about how much this game did right. If I do have some complaints is that the game is kind of on the easy side but I played on normal with other 2 difficulty settings for harder playthroughs (Tough and Hardcore). And also that the bosses aren't all that hard. Also some people might be turned off by the style as it is cartoony humanoid animals. But it does what it is supposed to do. It is fun. Its about nine hours long, which compared to Triple A standards (*cough* 60 bucks for 4 hours *cough*) is rather impressive considering most of the work was done by one passionate fellow. To explain how good the game was I finished it in almost two days. I just did not want to turn it off. That is a sign that you did something right. I urge you to buy this game right now. Stop reading this and buy it. If you didn't get it during the steam sale, buy it anyway. Trust me it is worth it. Every single penny was worth it. Now excuse me as I'll start my Tough Completionist playthrough.WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS!? GO BUY IT! WASN'T I CLEAR!? JUST GO BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,236090,10256607,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ben D. Knee,Best game I ever played ... And the most amazing story ever ... I need more ... I NEED MORE !!!
,Recommended,236090,10256620,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HiImTye,"very entertaining metroidvania style game with crafting, and a world map. has lots of humour, and just enough story that it isn't annoying. my only gripe is that you can't set voices and sound separately, so in some areas the voice acting is hard to hear with the ambience. I've had fun with it since I decided to try it yesterday.I was leery about buying a Microsoft game for my Linux box, but once you install monogame it runs perfectly well."
76561197966166564,Recommended,236090,10256624,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Wolfinato,"10/10 great game. beautiful music, beautiful background and awesome story. worth the buy"
76561198067656459,Recommended,236090,10258265,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,wong556,This was a nice hack-and slash game.
76561197977016768,Recommended,236090,10258234,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,VanillaJRoo,"I really enjoyed this game. It had a well written and original story, it's combat system flows smoothly, and the backgrounds and creature sprites are varied and nice to look at.  All in all, I highly recommend this game, whether or not 2D platform/RPGs are your cup of tea."
,Recommended,236090,10262319,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Imperial_Squid,Love this game
76561197968257624,Recommended,236090,306819,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,The Jones,"Succinct and beautifully animated Metroid-vania with excellent action combat.  Don't let the furries scare you off, this game is excellent.  (good work on the fully voiced dialog as well)"
,Recommended,236090,10306449,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sommod™,"This 2D Platformer game is an awsome game from the colorful art to the action filled gamelay. Everywhere you go there's an enemy to fight or a Chest full of goodies to find. The Quest to find who you are really makes the game fun to play. And if that was not enough, then try some of the side quests to obtain other goods and useful tools. (Give you a Tip, Find the Blacksmith,  and also look for the transmitter she says to get, It REALLY helps later in the game.)"
,Recommended,236090,10306632,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Twistedkiller,"Dust: An Elysian Tail was one of the few indie games I ever completed because IT'S THAT FUN! The combat is very satisfying especially when you pull of your 1000 hit combo for the very first time. The story itself is very intresting and original compared to other games out there. It also knows how to make you feel like a total badass when you upgrade your character however, it doesnt last long because as soon as you unlock a new region the enemies get alot more difficult which I don't mind because you'll feel all the more better when you can take them down with one or two hits. The only real problem I have with this game is that fidget's attacks are a little op compared to your actual sword. During boss battles I can easlily defeat them by spamming fidget's attacks. Overal the game is amazing and it deserves your attention.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,10311456,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,lardoization,7/10 Good gameplay but the release was rushed and you can see that in some parts of the game. Nevertheless the gameplay stays fun until the end.
76561198060080850,Recommended,236090,10313500,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,amongus,"I love dust to bits. It has an amazing story with a simplistic combo system that allows you to do so much more than you would first expect. The art was FANTASTIC, the only problem with the game was that the normal difficulty should have been labeled as easy and should replace the harder one.Side Note: If you think the game is easy play on the hardest difficulty then come back to the comment section ;3"
76561198113635697,Recommended,236090,10314117,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Hex,Once you get past the furries you will definitely like the combat system
,Recommended,236090,10317745,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,pants‽,"Hack and slash metroidvania RPG. Yes! The difficulty is pretty good, I found myself dying on normal a few times. I try not to spam the health items, and just try not to get hit; having only half your health recharged from shrines is interesting. I would have liked the minimap to be more detailed, not just showing the screen your on. Overall this game is fun and a little bit challenging for the diffucult level  I choose. Definate pickup if you like action RPG exploration sidescrollers, and don't mind the anime style."
76561198086651726,Recommended,236090,10318147,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Fafensky,Saw it on sale and decided to give it a try. One of the best decisions I've made as a Steam member. Haven't got that much fun with a sidescroller since Symphony of the Night. Simply beautiful. Buy it. Just buy it and see for yourself.
,Recommended,236090,3722025,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Dragon,"Awesome 2D fighting game. Wonderful (and I really mean wonderful) graphics. A touching story. Memorable and fun characters (Fidget is a great companion). Fighting is fun (combo system is a plus). This game also posses simple crafting, rpg elements, lots of sidequests arenas, hidden locations...Overall, it is an excellent indie game worth your time and money.I would really like to see a sequel. This kind of great game really deserves it."
76561198117878794,Recommended,236090,10268968,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,kiiltomato,"Really good game! Not too many combos so easy to remember them all, story is really addicting and voice acting good aswell as soundtracks. Really need to play this game again on different difficult! :D"
76561198048863451,Recommended,236090,10270274,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ShadowWolf,"Great artwork, amazing storyline, and just plain fun to play."
76561198038781768,Recommended,236090,10270396,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Speedwagon(GIJose),-controls like a beat-em up-cool characters-great combos-awesome music-metroidvaniainsta buy
76561198051688981,Recommended,236090,10270928,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mervis,"I had no idea what to expect for this game. All I've heard was that it was one of the best indie games out there and boy were they right. I initially had hesitiations due to the fact that the characters being anthropomorphic animals which reminds me too much of cutesy animal cartoons from the 90's but as i played along I stopped caring and had a blast. Dust has one of the finest animation qualities I have ever seen with virtually no stutters or dips in framerate no matter how intense the action gets. Game play remains smooth at all times with stylish mechanics that allow you to deal with multiple foes. The game gives you with a  feeling of satisfaction at every group of enemies decimated by combo's performed and finding treasure chests throughout areas makes it hard to stop playing. And perhaps one of its most defining features is that despite how cutesy the characters look and what attempts at levity are made by some side-characters, the story is surprisingly dark and mature at its core in contrast to the visuals. I recommend this game to anyone who has a taste for side-scrolling action games, a decent plot and wonderful soundtrack."
76561198041958336,Recommended,236090,10330149,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Awesomeness_86,"This game is just AWESOME! I am only a few hours in and am already hooked. Story is great so far, plenty of action, tons of items and abilities. A must play if you love Metroidvania style games, even if you don't, you'll probably still find much to love with this title."
,Recommended,236090,10331761,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ngomji,Such an impressive game.
76561198009366167,Recommended,236090,10333788,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Anzacpaul,"Wow, what a game. Absolutely blown away that this was made by one person. Recommend this 110%, probably one of the best sidescrolling brawlers i've ever played."
,Recommended,236090,10319675,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,HaunterInk,"This is a wonderful game with beautiful graphics. If you've ever played Code of Princess, it has the same feel in a lot of ways..just more platform...y. The visuals are stunning and there is hardly a drop in framerate, which is insane due to how much can be going on on the screen at once.The game can feel a bit tedious towards the end and I felt myself just rushing through from one side to the other due to the endless hordes of enemies attacking you. I did enjoy the exploration of each area, all the treasure chest and friend hunting was exciting. The moves your character does are really unique and different.Overall, I enjoyed this game quite a bit. It has a good 10-15 hours worth of gameplay. There is quite a bit of dialogue if that's your thing and the voice acting is really, really great. I felt the story was a tad short, but it leaves me in high hopes for a sequel. I'd give it a definite 8/10. And that's coming from an individual who isn't a big fan of platformers. (I'm really bad at them.) So if you're at least looking for a fun hack and slash with stunning visuals and fast paced action, give this one a shot!"
,Recommended,236090,10320724,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,FricanNinja (Gone Hunting),"(dont worry no spoilers)Dust: An Elysian Tail is an absolute amazing game. The gameplay is simple and can easily be shifted to any playstyle whether you're an upclose and personal or spam attacks from afar. The graphics are beautiful and runs extremely fast (which is alot coming from my piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥computer) only during very large action (such as to where you cant see the floor due to the amount of enemies) does it slow down but it instantly goes right back up to speed if not faster. the story keeps you in suspense however i do feel the ending is rushed and kind of a set up. The game has its difficult moments (i played on normal) but if it ever gets to hard or easy there are not only challenges availabe to test ur still but also the ability to change difficulty mid game. The only problem with the game is the lipsyncing is absolutly rediculous, being almost 5 seconds behind the animation.Dust: An Elysian Tail is an beautiful game with georgous scenary and has a very absourbent story with some of the best voice acting I've ever heard. So, do i recommend it? YES YES YES ALL OF MY YES! This game is a definitly worth your time!"
,Recommended,236090,15836532,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Caine the Imbecile,"PROS-Great Level Design-Moderately challenging, combat is a tad repetitive but there's no denying that racking up a 600 hit combo is obscenely satisfying, and it does a decent enough job of testing your reaction times so don't ecpect to just spam the attack button and come out victorious-Well-hidden collectibles-Clever Puzzle Solving-Fidget is admittedly pretty god damned adorable-Totally not hardware intensive at all, and runs smoothly even with lower-quality hardwareCONS-While the story was okay, the dialogue and (most of) the voice acting really left a LOT to be desired.-Despite level designs being really quite incredible, a lot of the character designs and artwork was less than great.-The god damned talking sword won't shut the hell up and it's ruining my good timeBUY THIS GAME IF-You like Metroidvania style level design-You like combat systems that allow for unneccesarily large combos-You enjoy having an adorable mascot that follows you around and says cute things a lot.DON'T BUY IT IF-You don't like furries I guess? I mean there's a lot of furries.OVERAL THOUGHTSIt's not without it's flaws, and those flaws can be a tad grating at times, but if you can forgive it's downsides, there is still a ton of great content that's worth your attention. Juuuust don't expect any Oscar winning performances from the Voice actors."
76561198129650275,Recommended,236090,15880580,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"I played through Dust: An Elysian Tail last year through Xbox Live Arcade when the game was free for Gold members (and now decided it was time to purchase the game).  My thoughts on my first play through (on easy, cause reasons):*Near end game, using dust storm and fidget's electric attack, flying around and ♥♥♥♥ing up everything that moves**Lands a 1000+ hit combo*Me: Best flying simulator of 2012-2013.  4/4 Paws, would fly again.Pros about the game:+ Gorgeous hand-drawn EVERYTHING.  This game will stand the test of time for sure.+ Combat is responsive and very snappy.+ Beautiful story overall.+ The puzzles are neat+ Fidget.+ If the soundtrack does not make you eargasm, I don't know what will.Cons:- There is more spoken dialogue in this game than there have been spoken words since the dawn of time.- Very, very minor cliche spots in the game (however, they are not a deal breaker)"
,Recommended,236090,15857684,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Parth Makeo,"It's HARD to recommend this game. On one hand it has a nice style and gameplay but on the other hand, people will immediately write it off as a 'FURRY GAME' and there is this one move you can spam to high heaven that wrecks everything. So...what do I pick?do I recommend it or don't? Well...I Recommend the game at least to see it for yourself and you tell me if you think the game is good. Give it a chance."
76561197998178668,Recommended,236090,15860254,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Babooshkah,"One of the best games I've ever played. It is very well designed, with very original art style, dynamic and rewarding combat mechanics and compelling story. Oh, and did I mention about great music? Probably haven't, so... superb soundtrack for this game. Worth every cent spent on it."
,Recommended,236090,7744989,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,General Rye,"Combat in Dust is really fun. It's easy to get used to at first and the game is very good about teaching you the basics. The animation is nice and any attack command can be broken into a dodge. I really like the majority of the characters (especially Fidget), though the voice acting can be a little iffy at times. There's a good mixing of enemies, which kept me from getting tired of the combat. I did have an issue during the last portion of the game though. Trying not to give anything away, but it was a bit too chaotic and I had a hard time singling the main character out to attack/defend properly.All in all, I would highly recommend this game. I had a great time and even went as far as playing a second time through to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,236090,16231651,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,WINGWANG,It's hard to believe that one person created this master piece. The game is great in every aspect.- Gameplay is smooth- Good character development- Awesome story- Amazing performance and interfaceA must have game.
,Recommended,236090,16234321,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Owlbeard,"Dust: An Elysian Tail Video Review by WarshadeThe game was developed by Humble Hearts and published by Microsoft Studios.The game was released August 15, 2012 for the Xbox live arcade after winning Microsoft's 2009 Dream.Build.Play competition. It can currently be purchased on PlayStation 4, Steam, Xbox 360, GNU/Linux, and Mac OS.The world of Elysian Tail is vast and spans multiple media. Currently, Humble Hearts is working on a 2d animated feature film, at least, according to the game’s official website.Gameplay:Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2d action rpg platform game, meaning that although the base gameplay involves jumping from one platform to another there is a whole lot of combat.It seems like Dust is competing with Dynasty Warriors to see who can put more enemies on the screen at once.  This is ok though, because combat is fluid and easy to pick up.Dust has numerous combat abilities and even a couple magic attacks thanks to Fidget, his magical, flying, fox-cat-dragon companion. She also provides moral support for him throughout the story.There are RPG elements, but this is an RPG light game. When you level you go up in power but you don’t distribute attribute points or choose new abilities.Just when you think to yourself, “So, I run, jump, and slash. That’s about it, right?” NOPE! Dust has many puzzles and secrets hidden throughout the game. You’ll even find major characters from other games hidden in chests. When you rescue another games’ mascot they give Dust a permanent buff to his stats. Needless to say, it is always worth while to search for these captive characters.Graphics and Music:The game features strong 2d graphics with rich backgrounds. Though in some cut scenes when they zoom in on the characters the gradients they used can look a bit off. Other than that, I found the graphics to perfectly fit the atmosphere of the game.The music in Dust: An Elysian Tail does a great job of setting the mood of the gameplay and even tugged my heartstrings during a few of the pivotal story moments.Controls:I played the game on the PC with an Xbox controller. The controls were developed with that specific controller in mind and are very fluid. I never found myself getting frustrated by the controls during my playthrough.Story:Story is where Dust: An Elysian Tail shines. This game is heavy on story and cutscenes. At one point during my playthrough, I had a whole room full of people watching me play the game. During one of the longer cut scenes, a friend said it felt like the scene was reaching Metal Gear length. This was not entirely true but it made his point. This game is trying to tell you a gripping story and it succeeds. No wonder it won the Dream.Build.Play competition in 2009.Voice Acting:I find very few indie games want to include voice acting because it can be hard to find the right actors and is a very costly process. Dust does an amazing job in this area and the actors do a great job breathing life into their characters.Overall:As a whole, I found Dust to be a worthy use of my time. If you’re looking for a great side scrolling platformer with RPG elements and puzzles, or just looking for a gripping story outside of the JRPG and SHOOTER heavy world, this game is for you.FINAL VERDICT:I had a lot of fun with Dust and I think you will too, My final verdict for this game is PLAY IT! You won’t regret it, unless you hate fun. Then you might. I, for one, hope to see more games like it in the future.Keep hopping.- Warshade"
76561198183194687,Recommended,236090,16235164,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Weightless,"What prompted me to get a Steam account was this game; I saw it and was so curious I had to get it. It turns out it that it's every bit as good as I thought it would be.Where do I start?For one, the style and animation in this game is superb. There's great attention to detail in everything in the game and it makes the game so immersive. The story is solid and the different characters in the game and the dialogue make the game more interesting instead of detracting from it (while some would say Fidget is annoying). The game play is smooth and the different combinations of attacks, along with all the ways you can hit enemies around, is incredibly fun and doesn't get old. The music isn't very memorable but it was mostly ambient and subtle and added to the atmosphere of the stages.I actually think this game set the bar a little too high for the rest of my Steam purchases! I will definitely play it again in the future."
,Recommended,236090,8638703,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ethe,This game is definitely worth buying for anyone interesed in this genre. With its beautiful graphics and amazing story one of the best games i played.
,Recommended,236090,16269025,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Billaras,One of the best games I've ever played!
76561198080059236,Recommended,236090,16265427,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sorrowful Cheshire,An amazing game best played with a controller.The Story is great and if you are a more experenced gamer i recomend an above normal difiicculty.
,Recommended,236090,16267037,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,󠀡HoZeonDaat,"A exciting, action RPG and platformer style of this game highly recommened to other players :D"
76561198071828777,Recommended,236090,13432944,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ares Chaos-Maker,This is a very good game that I would recommend to anyone that likes a good story and very likeable characters. It also has a good combat system and is nicely paced Overall its a good game one that I would definitely buy again.
76561198101768761,Recommended,236090,8388076,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,All8up Inky,dust is a good game that i would rate 10 out of 10 with a good story
76561198073291813,Recommended,236090,15924425,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Peter Ptica,Great game
,Recommended,236090,15910112,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zinseeona,"Definitely a fun game to play, with interesting characters.Visuals: Beautiful background scenery. Can get a little laggy at times, but otherwise very beautiful. I especially enjoyed the cutscenes, and almost wished there were more of them, just because the animation for them was really nice.Audio: The music was very fun to listen to. Am I going to go out and buy a soundtrack? No. But that  doesn't mean that the music wasn't good for its context.Gameplay difficulty: Playing on tough is not that much more difficult than playing on standard; however, I feel like I just had to grind a lot. Honestly, if you bought this game for the storyline, I would suggest skipping the tough and difficult levels and just playing through on easy; you'll get the story much quicker.Overall: 8.5/10Fun to play, but most certainly not the best game I've ever played."
76561198005047846,Recommended,236090,2278255,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Amberclad,"beautiful art style mixed with fluid, fast paced combat action/adventure game, add in a pretty sweet storyline and you have a gem of the side scrolling genre. give it a go, it wont fail to impress."
76561198044113338,Recommended,236090,9227741,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,A Fat Chimp,"It took me around 17 hours to 100% all the levels. That being said, it's rare that I actually try to fully complete a game... Let alone a side scroller.I would definitely recommend this game if it goes on sale, and at the 15 dollar price I would also recommend it to some, but there are problems to it. The combat is relatively simple, and if you purposely lower your attack damage then it can get somewhat boring due to the limited moves. I've found a lot of the fun to come from progression (Finding secrets, getting better items, and leveling up). The combat isn't bad by any means: I've found it to be pretty satisfiyng. However, I didn't feel any incentive to play the game stylishly. Early on, I got a 1000 combo simply because a side quest asked me to... aside from that, I got the best items available and killed enemies as quickly as possible. I wish I didn't so so against bosses, as they were very unsatisfying (I killed them too quickly). I found the most satisfying aspect of the combat to be the parrying. My biggest concern however, is that the game doesn't have much replay value to me. What happens after you beat the game, is that you simply have the option to load back to your game saves. There's no new game plus option, and so I would highly recommend just going onto Hard mode if you buy this game.Overall, I really enjoyed the game. There are very few side scrollers that I've completed: Final Fight 3, Turtles in TIme, Pixel Junk Shooter, Sonic 3. At least, these are the only games I can think of currently.Games such as Mega Man never interested me (mainly due to their high difficulty). On normal difficulty, this game isn't very challenging at all (and even though I enjoy easy games, I wanted more challenge to this game). Giving my character 0.1x damage makes the game feel like a patience test. I would strongly recommend playing on Hard mode. I found that this balances things nicely.This being said, I think this is very well made. I loved the backtracking, and I constantly found myself going after the smallest collectibles."
,Recommended,236090,14058054,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Novibear,a beatiful metroidvania game you play as the emerald amnesia bunny man named Dust.great combat nice voixe axting even greater art!get this if you likegames likes castlevania or Metroid
,Recommended,236090,2056403,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Reaper_Tech,A solid RPG that wont win awards for its graphics or story but still hits all the right notes delivering a solid and engaging experience. The art assets are similar to the 2D sprits of old and really give a nostalgic vibe. Anyone that enjoys RPGs will enjoy this game. At its regular price its worth it when its on sale its a damn steal.
76561197990381751,Recommended,236090,13976835,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,KriTicaL PoinT,Not usually into side scrollers but picked this up very cheap and glad i did
,Recommended,236090,13977259,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hsarlode02,Dust: an Elysian Tail is worth playing. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,236090,13979166,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"I’m not one who tends to be a fan of furries (not to mention the absolutely terrible pun in the game title), but I found myself surprised by this one. Let’s have at it.I – Story [7/10]Dust: An Elysian Tail is an indie, RPG platformer from Humble Hearts. I’ll be honest here, I don’t care about spoiling the story of D:AET like I cared about not spoiling the story of The Banner Saga, so there will be spoilers in this section. If you care about that, don’t read any more of this section. If you don’t care, do what you want. I’m not your mother.Dust (the protagonist of the game) begins his journey by waking up in a forest with no recollection of who he is and is being hounded by a the Blade of Ahrah (a talking sword) and probably the most annoying support character I’ve encountered in a long time. (Her name is Fidget, by the way.) Thus, you set out on a quest to find out who you are and what is in store for you.Eventually you find out that you (Dust) were created by a people known as the Moonbloods and contain the souls of two people who died simultaneously. After being presented with this revelation (and some slight bouts of identity crisis) you traipse off to confront General Gaius (your former friend and employer).While the conflict of the story itself has been done before, it had it’s own spin on it and made itself unique. That being said, it was still a bit lacking in my opinion.II – UI [10/10]The user interface was as well-designed and easy to use as anyone could ask for. I navigated menus with easy and could see me stats in combat without a struggle. That just about covers it on this one.III – Gameplay [8/10]As I’ve stated before, I’m a big fan of platformer games and the fact that D:AET  was a platformer was about all I went into the game knowing about it. Also, as I stated above, I’m not really a fan of furries or the furry fandom in general, but that didn’t really detract from the experience of playing through this one. I found myself surprised by how much I actually enjoyed playing D:AET. The combat was simple, but fun. Navigating the world of Falana was (for the most part) a blast. Apart from a few lackluster boss battles and some cliched dialogue, the game as a whole is good (for at least one playthrough) and provided some laughs here and there.Certain things in the game though could have, and probably should have, been done differently. Unless I’m mistaken, everything in-game is hand-drawn. While I personally love this when it comes to games, a few things really stuck out. Towards the end of the game, some big, flying spaceship-like enemies are introduced. These were poorly done and (while obstructing large portions of the screen) just seemed clunky. In addition to this, the snowy mountain region of the game could have used some tweaks. At times (no, not during the avalanches) the snow effects were so dense, it became incredibly hard to see your character.Also, on topic of not being able to see your character, the last areas of the game sometime contain so many enemies and allies on screen, it is literally impossible to see where the character is standing. This was easily the most frustrating aspect of the game.IV – Content [9/10]The other part of D:AET I found myself surprised at was how much content it brought with it. While there are only a few regions in the game, there are a generous amount of enemies to steamroll and double that amount in items. The game even has a decent crafting system. Not only this, but the shop system was phenomenal. Merchants share stock and get new stock at frequent intervals.The absolute best part about the shops though was selling a crafting item to any of them, which they would then catalog and start stocking so you could by more from them later. Why is this not a thing in more RPGs now days? Seriously though?Regrettably, the items you equip don’t show up on your character, so you have no choice except to look ridiculous the entire game.V – Visual [6/10]Everything in D:AET is hand-drawn and, while that usually does it for me, I was a little disillusioned with the character art. The scenery was amazingly well done, but most of the characters seemed a tad rushed almost. There was a smattering of different enemies, which was great, aside from the ridiculous spaceship-esque enemies toward the end of the game.VI – Audio [7/10]The music of D:AET was fantastic. Easily one of the better soundtracks in a game that I’ve heard in a while. (It was very Sanctum 2-like too.) Really though, the soundtrack was just superb.The voice-acting, however, struggled at times. While most characters were too minor to actually matter much when it came to the voice-acting, Fidget (who accompanies you the entire game) was utterly annoying. On top of this Dust sounds like an over-dramatic teenage boy who dreams of being a badass.VII – Overall [7.8/10]Overall, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a pretty good game from a fledgling developer. Would I have paid full-price for it? Probably not. I got this on a Steam Sale and am content with what I paid for it."
,Recommended,236090,14095058,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,YourSol,"If you like side scrollers then this is a game for you, has a nice comfort story in it and the controls are not that hard to learn. The fairy can be anoying from time to time."
,Recommended,236090,14076017,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DarkEco,"6/10 - AS SUCCULENT AS A PIECE OF STALE WALL CHICKENThis is the first game with ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" ratings that i have been overwhelmingly disappointed with.I'm objective with my reviews, giving unbiased detail about the games content. followed by how that content made me feel as the player.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ Starting off with the visuals and sound design, what drew me to Dust was the artwork. It's gorgeous and has certainly had a lot of love put into it. The environments look lush and the animations are great. The character design is generally typical of any furry humanoid world and fits well. The sound design fits perfectly and well there is nothing memorable it's all very beautiful, especially in the snowy area. Everything abotu the setting is easily the games main strength but unfortunatly doesn't save it from the very average gameplay.+ The story Is actually rather interesting, but it's paced terribly. Nothing of any interest or importance happens until about the last quarter of the game, there's just nothing to be invest you in Dusts mission because you don't really have one. You have Amnesia, so as you progress Dust will recall small details about who he thinks he once was, but these are few and far between and don't give the player any joy in uncovering them. Nearer the end however when the past is revealed to you (oh sorry, spoiler alert, as if it wasn't obvoius that would happen) the story get emotional as hell and the ending even nearly had me sheding a tear. The music during the final cutscene really brought it home. It all came together beautifully in the end but it didn't really save the 3/4 of the game that was severly lacking.- The game is a hack and slash 2D ""platformer"". I use quotations because there is actually very little platforming, and when there is it's very simple and short lived. The level design is very simple, without much change throughout apart from when you get the ability to slide through gaps or climb up certain walls. There are hidden keys and locked treasure chests you can use said keys on, but the chests just contain health items which you could just buy at the store and the occassional blueprint for an item that you generally won't need even on the harder difficulties.- The combat is very simple, though it tries not to be by teaching you different combo attacks (though few), but these are quickly ignored by spamming your AOE attacks over and over in every fight, which keeps the gameplay stuck in a repetitive loop with no true feeling of progression. The enemies and encounters themselves have no feeling of progression either. You move from one horde of enemies to the next over and over again, and every fight starts becoming stale and similar very quickly. Every screen may as well be the same because you feel like you're repeating the same thing over and over with little to no difference in challenge. As i said, there is little to no platforming in the game, which means there really isn't anything in between these fights to break the tedium. It got to the point where i was just flying over all the enemies because fighting them became so boring.- + There is one thing that interrupts the fighting more than often, and that's dialogue. The action is paused far too much to hear the protagonist and his sidekick talk about something less than important. On more than one occassion they would put in a dialogue section to literally tell me there were more of the same enemy ahead....the same enemy i had been fighting for the past 15mins. They also had to stop and point out there was a large hole directly in front of me. It all felt so unnecessary, and was very disruptive to the game flow. It's like the game was trying to force the characters personalities on to you in the non-story segments because they weren't well established by the story itself and didn't develop in an entertaining way. Some of the dialogue is funny, and Dusts sidekick, Fidget, made me giggle a few times. She breaks the 4th wall very often and i enjoy it when a game doesn't take itself too seriously.- Dusts progression isn't based so much around sequential levels. Levels are selected via a world map, so you can choose to go to the area that progresses the story or you could go and do a sidequest somewhere else. The quests are incredibly boring though, simply put they are fetch quests and very easy to complete (Get quest - find item - bring back to quest giver - pat yourself on the back). Qusts yield little to no reward for the player either.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------All in all Dust is just bland. Everything works but is so shallow that it doesn't feel like an absorbing game experience. To begin with it feels great to play, but you soon realise that after an hour you've really seen everything the game has to offer.BEST BIT - The visualsWORST BIT - The bland and repetitive gameplaySHOULD I BUY? - I don't want to not recommend it, even though i don't recommend it, because it really is quite beautiful and charming and may have more of an impact on others than it did myself I've read that this game was made by a single person, and in that respect it is an outstanding job. I'd say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,236090,11899491,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Queen Of Hearts,This is by far the best game i have every played
,Recommended,236090,11901600,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,cursesha,my review of the game:good points:-brilliant art style-awsome combat system-story easy to follow and well composed-game runs smoothlybad points:-map screen has issues with black lines appearing for a second-can get a bit repetative with combatif you vaule your fingers and dont want cramp then a button masher is not for youanyway my overall score: 9/10
76561198002513096,Recommended,236090,11904045,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,crisis,simply beutiful.  story was great action was intense controlls are fluid.
76561198015430176,Recommended,236090,11905466,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dr. PeePee,"I picked this game up on a whim because of the $2.99 price tag for the Microsoft sale. Six hours later, I'm not done with the game, but I had to stop to recommend it.Other than the occasional cheesey bit of voice acting, Dust: An Elysian Tail is brilliant in every way. The art and music are weaved into a coherent and all around pleaseing aesthetic. The story is engaging. The controls and gameplay mechanics are flawless and fun in their simplicity and complexity. The characters occasionally break the fourth and make humorous references to other games, like Resident Evil 4's merchant.Overall I am thrilled with this purchase. This game is easily worthy of a $30.00 price tag, but if you buy it now, you can get it for $3. What are you waiting for?"
76561198080538602,Recommended,236090,11905875,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Telrunyaa,simple but fun and beautifully made :)
,Recommended,236090,11942174,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Paddy Lambe,nice combat good to play on a rainy day
76561198031791599,Recommended,236090,11942542,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ayditho,"Anybody out there who is from the old-school of video games, and misses Secret of Mana, here is the modern update. Georgeous scenery, a lovely yet haunting soundtrack, all wrapped in that same magical wandering-through-fairyland feel. If you need to get the hell out of the real world for a while, without breaking your thumbs trying to master overly-complex controls, Dust is where you need to go. Best $3 I ever spent."
76561198052395247,Recommended,236090,11944865,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TheBigJuicy,10/10 would play again
76561198147435446,Recommended,236090,11944952,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,FreezingPT,"Great game to play, yeah, it's worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,11948123,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,designer sheets,"This game is beautiful. The backgrounds and characters are colorful and interesting, the voice acting is fitting and keeps cutscenes fun, and the gameplay is smooth and unique. Fighting--using the Dust Storm in particular--is fantastic. Side quests are simple enough but not boring, and they're not really out of the player's way. I can't praise this game enough. It's a great, fun, unique addition to my library and I'm so happy I bought it."
76561198020396362,Recommended,236090,11948323,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Foul,"I've only played up to a little past the first boss so far. It's a good game, I enjoy it. The creatures are all cutesey and furry in the game. At first I thought wow, this game was going to be bad. But the gameplay is pretty cool and its not mind boggling hard for the most part. The characters all have distinct personalities. The person you control has a talking sword and a fairy girl that follows him around giving him tips of what to do and if there are any secrets that need to be unlocked on that particular level. I can definitely see this game getting hard as i progress. I like how you can level up somewhat like an RPG game. You also aquire skills as you advance and from killing enemies. There are merchant shops you can buy food from and sell things you've aquired from killing enemies or finding them, along with treasure chest boxes and the like. So far its about a 7/10. Not bad at all, considering I picked this up for 2.99 during the labor day steam sale. I reccomend trying this game, as an avid FPS gamer myself."
76561198089000815,Recommended,236090,8136577,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Arvasan,"Way more fun that this game has any reason to be. I recommend anything harder than normal mode, however. It's quite a challenge, surprisingly."
,Recommended,236090,8137838,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,z̷ү.,+Visually stunning backgroundsVery nice soundtrackSmooth CombatNice Environments-Terrible voiceactingChildish Script
,Recommended,236090,8110174,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[ lycan ],"*SPOILERS INCLUDED*i really liked dust: an elysian tail, the gameplay was addicted and the art style was beautiful. but what soured me at the final moment and made me feel a little “ehhh” towards the game is that there was no multiple endings. it just seemed like a no brainer when i was nearing the end, at least 2, one for jin and one for cassius, but sadly you’re forced to be the good guy. which is fine, most games make you be the hero, but i personally wasnt expecting it from this particular plot and set up, and i was looking forward to a ending with cassius because i preferred that personality of dust and, ill be honest, i liked general gaius’s character a LOT more than i did fidget (who’s comic relief really did nothing for me, but i guess she was…tolerable…), the elder, etc..but all in all it was a good game and im probably going to go back and get all the achievements i missed. i just wish the plot had been better and focused more on dust and his two souls, ALSO his memories (seriously, we got like, only a smidgen of that. why) but i understand with SUCH a small development team and budget it was very very difficult just to make this much, and not to mention they had a time constraint. i really applaud them for what they’ve done, in my opinion with what they had to work with it really is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,236090,689950,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Blackhole Fox,Originally purchased on Xbox Live Arcade. Played and loved every minute of it. Bought it on Steam for full HD and to hit full completion.Probably the best game that can bring tears to your eyes.
76561198026601147,Recommended,236090,8115417,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,neoj88,Dust was a fantastic game. I had high expectations after playing the demo and it surpassed them.
,Recommended,236090,8115751,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,pyrokitsune777,"Do you enjoy metroidvania-style Exploration games? Well here's one to satisfy that itch. Featuring beautiful art and a satisfying combat system, Dust An Elysian Tail tells an interesting story over the course of its 10-12 hour playtime.That being said the narrative can feel like a riding down well worn road. Dust a pale looking character dressed in quite odd attire wakes up in a flower filled meadow within a forest to the sound of a talking sword (Ahrah) and is soon joined by the nimbat Fidgit who is the sword's protector (um, sure she was...). After Dust discovers he has amnesia, he ventures out of the forest tutorial and toward the nearest town where his ""new found"" skills allow him to take out waves of monsters with ease and save the locals. From there his journey takes him to several exotic locations (including an underground cavern system, a treacherous mountain pass, and a haunted marshland) ending in a climatic showdown with the genocide obsessed ruler General Gaius in an active volcano. Apart from a late game twist that explains why Dust is different from any other person in this world, the story feels predictable to me. *Spoiler Alert - Begin* The fact that a mountain village near the starting village is currently under siege by the first boss and Dust will be too late to save didn't surprise me in the slightest. *Spoiler Alert - End* But on the whole it's a competent epic that provides the player context to explore the unique world the game's sole developer has provided. While I wouldn't return to this game specifically for the story, it never gets in the way.The combat system utilizes a simple set of attacks with a level up system and equipment system that ensures the damage dealt by Dust's Sword attacks scales with the stronger enemies later in the game.Dust has the following three core combat abilities available to him explained in the early tutorial section of the game that are simple to execute. (1. His standard sword swings that can be chained together for bonus exp, gold, and special combo attacks; 2. The dust storm: dust spins the sword so rapidly that it dices anything that comes into contact with it but if activated for too long Dust will take a hit (also has an Aerial variant); and 3. Figit's Magic spells that act as a simple ranged attack but are best combined with the Dust Storm for AOE screen blasts. )By battling enemies,  Dust gains experience and levels up. With each level, he gains a skill gem that can be added to one of four tracks (Health: the amount of HP Dust as, Attack: how hard Dust hits, Defense: How well Dust takes hits from enemies, Fidgit: how powerful magic spells and dust storm are). I feel that the level up system complements the combat system well. It's clear what affects what and allows the player a degree of customization with how strong they want Dust and Fidgit to be. I tend to balance it out keeping each at the same level but I give preference to Health and attack over defense or magic. The equipment system is well the weakest of the stat modifying systems. There are only five spots for stat affecting equipment (Augment, Armor, Pendant, and 2 Ring spaces) and the level of customization here is relatively low at the higher levels are there is only one legendary Armor, Augment, and Pendant while there are about three super powerful rings. The other equipment slots are Key Item Collection and Health Item Collection. The health Items are tied to a single key that allow the player to quick heal in battle. (THANK YOU). In all, the combat is quite cathartic to me. It's fun to use a combo to knock an enemy into the air then use the Aerial Dust Storm to play keep them up while building up a fidgit spell to blast several other enemies on screen.The game provides a good sense of challenge that scales with difficulty but if you grind for any period you'll quickly find that challenge evaporating apart from areas where a mass of enemies are thrown at you. But on the hardest difficulty the combos come into their prime and the dodge ability becomes a go to skill over the dust storm. On that note, I prefer the game on the normal difficulty because it provides an adequate challenge while giving a recreational gamer like me the cathartic cleaver combat I crave. The challenge helps ensure that the battle doesn't grow old. But since this is a Metroidvania style game the challenge is prevalent in the platforming as well as the combat. The platforming is relatively easy and new abilities are given to you when the main path would require you to use the ability but most levels provide a number of areas to explore for treasures. On that note, I love how the map indicates if you collected everything in a given section. It helps people like me who will do everything to collect all the hidden items and see the percentage marker sitting at 100. (oh and there is one bug that absolutely infuriates me. The percentage tracker for Archer's Pass doesn't hit 100%. In both the 360 and this variant it sticks to the 86% and doesn't go up but the overall completion will easily hit 100% before you get to the final battle. While this isn't game breaking to me it is a petty annoyance.)Overall I would say this is a solid 5/6. I enjoyed it when I first bought it on the 360 and again when I bought it on steam. This game is best played with a controller."
,Recommended,236090,8115839,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ratfink,"This is an amazing game. The gameplay is tight, easy to learn but harder to master. The story is fun, the art is great, and the music is very very good."
,Recommended,236090,8085439,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Squarishlink[⚝AFUKNLEAF⚝],"Fast paced button masher, Spam X button + upgrade fidget = win"
,Recommended,236090,8085689,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,zoobezee,"Great story and characters with light RPG elements. If you think this looks interesting, it is because it is.Do not just give it a chance, if you are tempted, know this. It is more than worth the 15$ price tag."
76561198089817617,Recommended,236090,8086316,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,WorldWarZ,"Ok. So, I bought this game not knowing anything about it. I bought it cuz it was on sale for really cheap and I was interested. And oh my god it is such a good game! it's a sidescrolling slashing game with a pretty good story so far. the game play is kind of like smash bros meets mario and your character is kind of like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lovechild of marth and metaknight. At least that's how i see it.  The graphics are absolutely beautiful! they're painted i think, but, just wait until you get to caves with the waterfalls and the mushrooms. so pretty! Anyway, really good game and i definetely reccomend it!"
76561198110814205,Recommended,236090,8098226,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,demonfire29,The visuals of the game is nice. The story could use a little tweaking because to me General Gaius's reason for killing Moonbloods was weak.The gameplay is good as well. But unfortunately the game crash quite a few times for me and lags in the full cutscene mode.But overall it's good and I played it for several hours.
76561198037335001,Recommended,236090,8099051,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,allenviljoen,"I loved the animations, voice acting, story, gameplay, visuals, animations, monsters, all the sidequests and hidden items, and pretty much everything about the game.The only minor issue is the bosses being a bit easy, simple, and repetetive. They could have made them more interesting but they essentially made them bigger, more powerful versions of the normal enemies and then added some sort of magical ability.Despite that tiny drawback, the game was a joy to play and I couldn't let an hour of free time go by without wanting to play it while I was still completing the story."
,Recommended,236090,8100210,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Logos,Suprisingly interesting story coupled with a compelling (and flashy) combo system. A great way to spend 5-10 hours.
,Recommended,236090,8100491,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Linley,"This game is one of the games that you occasionally find that can be a true gem. It has a great difficulty curve and the difficulty matches the new attacks, level, and skills you learn. The game is fast pased but not rushed, and the enemies are very well designed, so you can't rely on 1 combo to just slaughter everything. Some of the enemies actually seem designed to counter certain combos or even attack in the tiny interval that you are vulnerable, some can stop specific types of movement be it aerial or ground.The mechanics are well designed and they just planely work. The story progresses well and all loose ends are tied up by the end and the game, once you reach the end of the game the final boss actually feels like the final boss, albiet easy if over leveled. The atmpsphere more then makes up for it and the way the characters act makes the final boss really feel climactic and the story gets wrapped up well. So yeah I definetly reccomend this."
76561198098134966,Recommended,236090,8101308,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Skieth,Awesome game <3
,Recommended,236090,2632132,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Saryin,"With luscious environments, beautiful character models, and a simple yet complex combo system, Dust: An Elysian Tail provides an immersive, awe inspiring experience that make you hunger for more and more of not only the gameplay, but the story as well.  Quiting the game is only a means to an immediate start shortly after."
,Recommended,236090,8104577,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Verolain,I really didn't want to like this game...It’s very cute and cuddly and seems like it should be for children who love Animals so much they want them to be people.  But the game is also Awesome It is non-stop adventure mixed in with some interesting puzzle challenges and timed events; I'm having too much fun with this.
,Recommended,236090,8107061,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Blurple Splandex,"Dust does everything it possibly can to make you not want to play it. For starters its called an elysian TAIL, that combined with the character art will turn many people away. Lets face it this game has furries in it and its weird. Theres nothing we can do about it. The characters are a bit chatty and you'd wish they had less to say. The lines they have are delivered well but at a point its too much. Now the good part, this game plays exceptionally well. The combat is fairly simple but fun and one can rack up huge combos. It feels very satisfying.  As one plays they gain skills and item sand theres a crafting system with meaningful upgrades. On top of that theres lots of collectables and side quests to keep you entertained. If you can look past the character design you'll have a ton of fun with this game."
,Recommended,236090,2574151,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Vinsun,too good for not to play
,Recommended,236090,1449731,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,HostilePandaTakeover,"This game is basically what would happen if you took a Vanillaware sidescroller (Odin Sphere, Muramasa), sprinkled in a lil Metroidvania, and populated it with the critters from Redwall (or if you never read those, any animal centric 90s cartoon). The year is young but this takes second only to Monaco for my GOTY so far."
76561198052380106,Recommended,236090,8178702,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Molo,"Very entertaining game. The only two faults I could find is that the hardest dificulty could be harder, and the game should be longer."
76561198093789214,Recommended,236090,8180005,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,stcall102,"So i heard about this game from someone at school. I was told it costs 15 dollars. I got it for half off during a holiday sale. I played it for more than 4 hours almost straight. I love this game. There are no compatibility issues with this and Linux Mint 16 which is what I started playing this on. The game looks amazing. It has amazingly simple default controls. It has an amazing story line as so far, as I have not beaten the game yet. I would definetly give it a 10/10. One of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,236090,8182329,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Occifer Hudy Jopps,"If you like hack and slash side scrollers, This would have to be the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,236090,8183122,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,B00giep1mp,"Such a pretty game, like playing an Anime cartoon.  Basic but beautiful"
,Recommended,236090,1527810,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,hukus,OMG O_O
,Recommended,236090,499591,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,nyklon,10/10.  Can't recommend enough if you like 2 side scrolling action/rpg/adventure.  Demands to be on everyones list of games to play this year.
76561197994888352,Recommended,236090,7418080,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Oversquirrel🦊,This is a very emotional game. Harmonious mechanics. Beautiful music. Amazing voice characters. Noteworthy story. Dust and Fidget became my favorite characters. Recommend.
,Recommended,236090,7788724,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ylzor,"This game is gorgeous, plays amazingly well and sounds fantastic. This is a ""metroid-vania"", playable with mouse and keyboard or a pad (any way works really well), which will last over 12 hours. You might not like the look of the characters, but they're actually really cool with some pretty good voice acting and some development that makes for a simple, yet enjoyable story.I highly recommend picking this up."
76561198024950193,Recommended,236090,7790264,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Turbulent Juice,"One of the best Indie games to come out since Bastion. Engrossing combat system and beautiful graphics. Story is pretty bad, but that's really the only blemish."
,Recommended,236090,840767,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Agent King,"Fantastic game. Quest portraits and cutscene art isn't very good, but the rest of the package more then makes up for it."
,Recommended,236090,7443420,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Marblestein,"Instant favorite within a few days after purchase, already 1 of my favorite games.Amazing combos, eye-catching artwork and animation & beautiful music."
76561198049439064,Recommended,236090,5417596,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,LazyGamerATN,"This game is amazing: cool characters and story, fun and visceral combat, and an art style and animation that make it unique. Do not miss this game"
76561197992120406,Recommended,236090,1362499,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Genaris,I highly recommend this game. The artwork is great. The story is good and the voice acting does good job telling it. The artwork is vibrant and well done. There are a good amount of hidden treasures that are well hidden but not a chore/bore to get.
,Recommended,236090,7405245,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"1. Fluid gameplay: No lag, smooth combat mechanics, and satisfying progression system2. Nod to various other games in the form of easter eggs and quotes. These easter eggs come with benefits too!3. A very decent story with likeable characters that you feel attached to as the story progress. Fidget is very cute. (I want a flying-puppy like it)"
,Recommended,236090,6239713,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,CynicalHeartBear,"anbody who knows me would know that i dont usualy enjoy games.....well i think ive found an exception to that rule Dust : An Elysian Tail, is an impresive spectical of a game. the rather random humour and intese action make this a worthy game to add to anyones steam collection, the clean crisp animation makes it pleasing on the eye while the detailed scenes are something else entirely.... if you gota spare $15 go pick it up, im sure you will like it....."
,Recommended,236090,2061356,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Meander,"One of the best indie games i've played in the last 5 years.  The art style, animation, cutscenes, attention to detail, voice acting are amazing.  The combat is a little to easy and the platforming can be frustrating, but these are small issues with a great game.  It is mind boggling that a single person made this game.  Worth the full price!  I really like the cartoony characters and humour. The gameplay is never tiresome.  I would recommend playing this at a harder level."
,Recommended,236090,7797249,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,AdamGaffney96 ~ ESL,"This is a fantastic and beautiful game, if you are a fan of sidescrolling platformers, along with games that are very hack and slash, then you will love this game. Adorable anime style animation, excellent and interesting plotline, and a wide selection of interesting characters. Sometimes the boss battles can get a bit frustrating, but apart from that, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,236090,3050673,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Wolfgang Hype,A fun Metroidvania game in an anthropamorphic fantasy world. Playing on normal is easy enough once you get the hang of it so if you want a challenge try the harder difficulties.
,Recommended,236090,7570531,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Sleeper,"I bought this game a while ago when it was on sale.  Finally installed it and was not disappointed.  The story is engaging, the game play is fast and fluid.  But the thing that really does it for me is the art.  It's an absolutely beautiful game."
,Recommended,236090,6471662,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Sindacait,"Good use of about 10-11 hours for perfect completion.Do not play on normal mode, go with harder difficulties."
76561197969885949,Recommended,236090,16011926,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Surrefixen,"Awesome game, loved the story.A bit short but all games you like will feel that way."
76561198025470933,Recommended,236090,15987274,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,salsaseltzer,"This game is so important to me, made me realize how much I missed good old classic games! It's good to step back from ""modern"" games every once in a while and enjoy some simple but fulfilling gameplay experience, The artwork on Dust is beautiful and the combat system very smooth, overall loved the game, highly recommend it. Only bad thing is no sequel yet!"
76561198003133741,Recommended,236090,15979289,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Charisma,"Excellent game.  Only downside is it's a little short, but for the price it's a good value."
,Recommended,236090,15982355,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Animante,"Practically 100% this, got most of the achievements, excluding the Cerulian Trials, which werent really of interest to me. Here's my review:Pros:+Great swordplay.+Awesome Soundtrack.+A good amount of unique enemies for different areas.+Interesting plot.+Game is pretty long, and offers a nice amount of subquests.Cons:-Bosses are terribly easy.-While the swordplay is interesting, can get terribly monotonous.-The in-game animation are smooth, and animated really well, however the cutscene cinematics are horrendous.-Controls are oddly placed for Mouse and Keyboard.Worth a pickup for something to play casually, and the story kept me hooked. The ending was a bit meh IMO, but it didnt detract from the game too much."
76561198042980792,Recommended,236090,16238714,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ρѕєυ∂σηум,A fantastic RPG with an equally fantastic story. One I'll remember.
,Recommended,236090,10611146,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mach82,Pretty impressive for a one man made game. Recommended if you like this combatplatformer with some rpg elements. I could see some younger players would like this too.
,Recommended,236090,10612525,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Demonpants,"An enjoyable game with a range of mechanics that make the side scrolling beat 'em up very enjoyable and more skill than button mashing, timing is key and although you have the cliche'd amnesia, it's very enjoyable to learn about ""your"" past despite the drip fed abilities to keep you coming back to old areas for every item"
,Recommended,236090,10616145,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fenrihr,"Decent metroid-ish style action sidescrolling platformer. Story is decent. Graphics are cartoonish, was worth the cheap price i got it for."
,Recommended,236090,2247676,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Whitefang,"This game is absolutely amazing, we've gotten so use to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games being released, we almost forgot what a good game feels and looks like!"
,Recommended,236090,10431961,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jobear,fun game. didnt finish yet. 5/10
76561197991103556,Recommended,236090,1306665,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Acrobanjo,beat'em all rpg n : muramasa blade sauce castlevania !
76561198118667139,Recommended,236090,10336230,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Baked Potatoes,What an absolutely beautiful game.10/10
,Recommended,236090,7396524,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Titanius Anglesmith,"Beautifully hand drawn Hack`N`Slay Rpg Mix, I Love it"
76561197993178595,Recommended,236090,8689597,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,cute cashier,"this game , if u like to fly around doin combos and getting big loot and doing more damage and doing more combos on everything until the game is over you should get and play this game.  it has a story and big attacks to hurt enemies and bosses."
,Recommended,236090,10890455,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nearswordman1,"This game is easily first on my list of most underrated games ever. If you are at all a fan of Metroid or Castlevania, then this is a game that you will very much enjoy. The characters are unforgetable, there are so many quotable lines, and there is a lot of great humor poked at video game tropes. What few flaws this game has are washed away by the deluge of what this game gets right.Note: I played this game first on 360 and logged nearly 100 hours there."
,Recommended,236090,10890680,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ACDias,A master piece. One of the best games I've ever played. Excelent gameplay and beautiful ghraphics
76561198070128929,Recommended,236090,10893269,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hyuril,"This game is amazingly made. I should say, play it for some minutes; you'll soon be enjoying hours in this XD"
,Recommended,236090,376787,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Null 7g,This game is a masterpiece and a must play if you enjoy metroid-vania style games with RPG elements.
,Recommended,236090,8373119,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Obione Cannoli,Fantastic game. Good art style. Tight gameplay. Interesting story. Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,236090,8373141,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xilande,This is a fun game. I loved playing it. Even started a new game on the hardest difficulty after beating it once.
76561198013286705,Recommended,236090,8373363,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jhl74,So far this game has to be the best indie game I had a pleasure of playing.  There are so much to this game and much thoughts and care are put into creating the environment and the variety of gaming ideas.  This is no doubt a labour of love.  The control is tight and everything is fluid unlike other indie action titles.  There is rarely any frustrating moment where ridiculous platforming is required.  The game is fully voiced and there are even some animated cutscenes.  I look forward to the sequel or something else from the creator of this game.  Good job!!Please fix the bug that wouldn't tell me I completed 100% on the main map even after getting all the treasures.  Thank you.
76561198026751114,Recommended,236090,8373649,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Billiam Ramshackle,da♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
76561198058152393,Recommended,236090,8373724,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,onslot_shadow,great game
76561198047123592,Recommended,236090,8373798,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CrazyTrex,Oh what a great game this is. It has probably one of the best art styles ever. Combat is fluid and yet weighty in visuals. The best part would have to be the story is engaging and you become deeply attached with even minor characters. The game is a great joy story took me 8 hours to blitz through to the end probably about 12-15 hours if you do all the side quests but I found it worth full price.
76561197994215424,Recommended,236090,8373920,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Serin,"The art looks great, it's a lot of fun to play, the story is interesting, and even the voice acting is pretty solid. It's the only indie game I've played that can step up to the awesomeness that is Cave Story. Definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,236090,8373967,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MrZeebub,Really beautiful and well designed metroidvania.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,236090,8374033,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ApeEx,"This game ip Amazing , Totaly worth it"
,Recommended,236090,8374086,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GoldenWalrus999,This game was a lot of fun!
,Recommended,236090,8374484,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,callek,"At full price this game is worth a shot, at 75% off (like the current holiday sale) its impossible to pass up. The storytelling can get a bit irksome for adults, but the gameplay and vivid level design is engaging and fun all through the game. Highly recommended"
76561198015504900,Recommended,236090,8374509,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,johnnythorpe,beautiful platformer worth every penny
,Recommended,236090,8375357,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,aginjai,"I am currently playing this game through a second time in TOUGH Mode after completing it on Normal Mode.To summarise I would describe it as a fun game to play casually with an ok storyline with a few nice dialogue sequences and a somewhat awkward combat system that takes some getting used too if you have no controller.The Tutorial for the game fits seamlessly into the gameplay and even adds in some humorous dialogue to go with it showing that the game doesn't take itself too seriously. The way in which you acquire some of the ""special abilities"" however is rather tedious and seams rather counter-intuitive, all though some of the dialogue that appears explaining why is rather amusing but only momentarily covers over a flaw in the general gameplay mechanics.Throughout the game the dialogue between the main character and the companion is well written and makes you feel for the character although there are certain dialogue choices which the game gives you control over which actually doesn't really affect the game at all. I personally found myself becoming more attached to the companion more through the game than that of the main character, which is a shame. It employs that old ""amnesia"" affect that so many games employ these days, but with a slight twist to it. Without spoiling it for you your character has some what of a personality complex. The story of the game in general is ok but there are some parts which seem written to fit more around Gameplay than the gameplay matching the story which is slightly disappointing.The actual gameplay and combat mechanics are fairly straight forward but the Keyboard setup is a little awkward. I imagine it would be a lot better to play this game using a controller. The move left - move right/dodge left - dodge right setup makes it rather fiddly to play on a keyboard. In Normal Mode this isn't a major issue but in Tough/Hardcore Mode you really need to use the dodge more in combat I find, and the mechanics for this are rather unforgiving if you are using a Keyboard/Mouse setup.The Leveling Up system works for both your character and the weapon/gear you have and it isn't obvious throughout the game if you are of an appropriate level to continue. You can complete the game really quickly and ignore a lot of the side quests in Normal Mode and indeed completely ignore entire areas of the game which don't really add anything to the story, and makes it feel like they were added in just so you had somewhere else to go in order to level up your character so you didn't progress through the game too quickly and make the game harder for yourself by not leveling up fast enough. The actual crafting aspect of the game leaves a lot to be desired. You can find yourself picking up lots of items that by the end of the game you never really needed at all and indeed by the end of the game I had more money than sense essentially meaning by the end I could just buy everything I needed if indeed I even needed it.I bought this game during a Steam Sale for £3 and for that price I would definitely recommend this game but I wouldn't recommend it at full price though."
,Recommended,236090,8729551,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Pummeluff,"If you like this kind of games. BUY IT!It's an awesome story with nice soundtracks and a nice gameplay...""Ashes to ashes, dust to dust ...."""
,Recommended,236090,8729817,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,LFS | Notae,"Stunningly beautiful. If the fluid character animations and beautifully rendered scenery weren't enough, the engaging story, satisfying battle system, and good sense of humour round it into a fantastic title."
76561198066973244,Recommended,236090,8734456,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ninetails Lulu,the best game a sidescroller can be
76561198095737131,Recommended,236090,8935225,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Evil Josh,"Beautifully done game with orchastra like music and very nice voice-acting. Dust is and amazing game and a recommendation for anyone who loves sidescrolling fun, interesting story, and a vast world to explore and loot. This game was developed by one man with a dream and it shows his 4 years of development and heart. Buy it now!"
76561198116156371,Recommended,236090,8936476,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,J1S,"Great graphic style and sound.Slick controls.RPG aspects.Addictive combat.Decent story.Fun to find achievements and ""secret"" areas.A solid and complete game."
,Recommended,236090,8936491,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Oki,"Dust is a game with great art style, music, combat, and story. Boss battles are a bit lack luster but just amp the game up to hardcore to make up for it. This game is a must!"
76561197989694694,Recommended,236090,8941772,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Skittlebit,awsome game.From interface to gameplay the game just shines!-best played whit xbox360 controller. ;)
,Recommended,236090,8969835,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ComputerSounds,Fun other than all the furry art and voice acting.
76561197994894758,Recommended,236090,8741762,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Awesome Fox,"As sidescorlling platformers go, this one is absolutely excellent. Great artwork, animaiton, and I love the effects; lightning, fire, wind, snow... very cool.  Oh, and it has a good story as well. Definitely recommended."
76561198064635815,Recommended,236090,9040218,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BattleHamster,"Dust was a fun 2-D beat-'em-up.  My one major complaint is that it was too easy, but it was still a lot of fun.  I didn't really care for the story, but the cutscenes were mostly skippable, so that was ok.  I got about 20 hours of gameplay with ~100% completion and no grinding."
,Recommended,236090,7397278,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,PixelJunkie,A great little gem of a game that had me hooked from the start
76561198040970078,Recommended,236090,9040905,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,A Regular maD_mAN,"enjoyed this game very much, not to hard to finish, but still challenging if you are like me and want to get every chest and visit every place in the game"
,Recommended,236090,9040915,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Bartzbuddy,"If you've ever played a GBA title, Mega Man Zero, it plays and reminds me of that combat a lot.  That's awesome!  I'm not too far into this game, but the combat flows so well and the art-style so gorgeous that it's hard to stop playing."
,Recommended,236090,1926984,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,i80and,"I'm not even sure what to say about this game; it's just plain froody.  Drawn and programmed by one person, it can't be perfect; in particular, the cutscenes are a bit out-of-place.  But unless Half-Life 3 comes out this year, Dust is probably going to end up as my PC GOTY.Simply put, the art is gorgeous, the gameplay is tons of fun, the music is appropriate and beautiful, and the story---although a little bit ham-fisted from time to time---is spell-binding.  Don't let first appearances put you off this game: it's phenomenal."
76561198035681373,Recommended,236090,8320519,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,wadedylan,I Just finished this game and was blown away from start to finish. It isn't a game type that I would usually play but this game will always have a special place in my gaming heart.
76561198045900106,Recommended,236090,8322703,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Retroshock,"This game is one of those few rare gems that does everything it wants to perfectly. Fantastic story with deep and interesting characters, fun combat that is super responsive and never gets boring, loads of upgrades for various attributes of your character and amazing graphical detail all wrapped up in a great PC port that fully utilizes keyboard and mouse controls.The fact that this was created by a single person really makes this a must have."
76561198008299225,Recommended,236090,8277842,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Leonix13,"20mins into the game, and I'm already blown away... Just.. Wow."
76561197989061651,Recommended,236090,1199496,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,mraoul,"Amazingly well-crafted 2D/3D action rpg. Easily, near 20 hours of gameplay if you decide to unlock everything."
,Recommended,236090,8309195,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ketakketik,"an addicting game, great story, nice combo system...recommended for light gaming.."
76561198042460893,Recommended,236090,8310626,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chicago Ted,everyone should own this game. and the soundtrack. and just about everthing involved with this
76561198001054297,Recommended,236090,8313352,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rogue Phoenix,"An enjoyable game that has a compeling storyline.  The graphics are smooth and I enjoyed the combat.  The world is beautifully crafted.  On the negative, the combat system can be abused using  your special powers and you can easily wipe out everything from swarms of enemies to bosses without taking a hit simply by spamming the corkskrew attack through the air with your special power.  While the combat is more challenging at the beginning of the game, it loses that challenge as soon as you discover how to abuse your abilities.  The crafting system can also use some work being far too difficult to gather all the needed resources unless you buy them from the store.  But this is no problem because you seem to have an endless quantity of money, at least more then you need.  While I haven't finished all aspects of the game such as getting all the stars in arena or finding all the hidden chests, I followed the story to it's conclusion which is dramatic and well worth playing through to get, but it isn't a game I would pick up again for a few years unless I wanted to hear the story again.  Would I recommend the game?  Certainly.  The story alone is worth the price and it had it's moments of tenderness but facing the harsh brutality of the facts of life."
76561198068130176,Recommended,236090,8313469,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,caspeer_costel,An incredible game!
,Recommended,236090,8302928,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,New player,"One of the best and interesting RPG i played in this year. Better check other members review about how awesome the game is since i don't want to copy or repeat what they posted.The only thing that i don't like is that i have to find all keys scattered around the map just to open all treasures since they are limited and can't be bought at shop (I'm still not really good at part like this even it is only the bonus part of the game). Overall, i give this game 5/5.Here's one of my favorite quote from the game:""I am justice incarnate, brought to this world by forces beyond your comprehension. A cleansing storm to sweep across the land and purge it of your foul presence! I am Dust! And your campaign ends here, now. Throw down your weapons and surrender, or you will face an enemy unlike any this world has ever seen."""
76561198089375022,Recommended,236090,7159708,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,thirteenLights,"Beautiful artwork, quite a challenge, time consuming, intreging plot. What more could you want! Did I mention you get to murder monsters in awesome combos?"
76561198110804500,Recommended,236090,14036297,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kyzarok,"Metroidvania ""hack and slash"" with light rpg elements. Best part is that whatever you do it doesn't limit you, whether you invest skill gems or focus on crafting items."
,Recommended,236090,14039279,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,A very good story and game!
,Recommended,236090,13637630,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kurumi,"Dust: An Elysian Tailis simply a wonderful game. I bought it and played non-stop until I finished the main story [Not a hundred percent, though] and I gotta say this game is very captivating. All graphical elements of the game - be it characters, landscapes, or combats, all are executed perfectly for a relaxing yet curious game.The story itself is not the best story you can find in gaming history but I found it very enjoyable to follow. From the slow-paced beginning of ""Who Am I?"" until the very end, all are well-paced in my opinion. Characters are childish in some moments but didn't pass the point of annoyance. In fact, I found the combination of Dust and Fidget amusing.Combat is another plus of this game. There are several skills, but you will find yourself mostly usingDust Stormcombined withFidget's projectile skills; air(?), fire, and electric, which provides different styles of offensive. However, there are no precise strategies to counter a certain enemy. (Well, most are defeatable by spamming the attack button and probablyparrying in some point of the game, but what fun will it be? It will be so boring!)All in all, Dust: An Elysian Tail is totally worth its price. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,13639359,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ben,it's gud
,Recommended,236090,13640858,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Scraggle,"Amazing game, i couldn't stop playing until the end. Even though I bought it during a sale it is definatly worth the full price!"
,Recommended,236090,12954766,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"My library keeps saying I've only played these games for an hour or two... not true, I played this game until completion and put in way more than 12 hours.  Anyhow.Aside from the fact that this game involves furries................. (*SHUDDER*)............... this was really fun.  Cool powerups, backtracking to find secrets, really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,236090,12955262,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Vegeta,Very good action RPG platformer with Metroidvania aspects for people who want to 100% everything.
76561198045518265,Recommended,236090,12945016,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LindburWolf,"This game is good, the mechanics are basic hack and slash/combo, mixed with some skill point mechanics, neither of which the game goes into too much, the game is easy enough, and the platformer style you seem to play in most of the time gives it a real arcade feel.For game mechanics I give it a 6/10.. the mechanics were good, but the game split off into several directions and never focused on a single thing, it introduced combos in the beginning but in all you only have about 3 of them, you have levels and stat selection, but it really matters very little and can be toggled to automate your stat selection in the options.As for the story of the game I give 10/10.. The story is one of the best I've played in a long time, it's really immersive and the voice acting is amazing, the characters are well thought out, and even the pointless annoying guy in the village has plenty to say.. I love how all the characters, even the ones you only talk to once, are voice acted.Issues I had in the game, there wern't many, but one I did find annoying, is that you didn't get a lot of explantion as to why you couldn't access an area, there are small tunnels and vines even in the earliest area of the game, and the only explanation you get for them is, ""you must find another way up"", all in all it was fairly annoying, of course if you ignore them until later and not spend an hour trying to find that way up it's prolly not too bad."
,Recommended,236090,12976594,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Greg,"Fun story, good voice acting, hand-drawn cutscenes.  An enjoyable way to kill ~10 hours.  Looking forward to a sequel!?"
,Recommended,236090,4410257,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Tokyo Toyboy,fun!
,Recommended,236090,13040022,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Eric M Hunter,"Games like: Devil May Cry, God of War, Golden AxeDust: an Elysain Tail is a 2D action adventure game that has you button smashing to kill baddies, leveling up and there’s some sort of story going on too. It has that satisfying feel of God of War and Devil May Cry but with some backtracking in a flat environment. You’ll meet some interesting characters including Fidget, who will bug you much like Navi from Legend of Zelda. Beautiful visuals, well produced voice acting brings heart and soul to a title that was created by just one man.http://iamericm.com/2014/08/dust-elysian-tail-indie-game-review/"
76561198037987971,Recommended,236090,12150763,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,fazliboz,"Dust is a great game with its Metroidvania style,fun combat,beatiful art and exciting story"
76561198161275365,Recommended,236090,13005023,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[™Ace™] The 14th,Recommended
76561198095465670,Recommended,236090,13084966,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Zach Lord of Cinder,"I'm not a furry, but I understand the appeal."
76561197967189787,Recommended,236090,13085072,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Phonyx §§,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,236090,13020784,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Omnicious,Really awesome game with amazing art and gameplay.
76561198035651110,Recommended,236090,9639107,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Yun,"Awsome story, amazing art, nice gameplay.  Altogether good game."
76561198170391687,Recommended,236090,14443666,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tall Dark and Gruesome,A reasonably fun platformer with good controlls and decent anthro styled art.Lots of backtracking for collectables but not an unreasonable amount.Some metroidvania style elements and a light crafting system for armor items that can be ignored if you want.
76561198005652764,Recommended,236090,14318336,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Griryu,"Incredible game, very underrated!"
,Recommended,236090,14321052,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gekslupis,Very nice art in this game. Gameplay is fairly tight with a few exceptions being when there are an overwhelming amount of enemies on screen making it hard to distinguish what to do. The story is good and is at times a bit touching. It feels like there should be more but the developer did good with the time and resources he had at hand. The voices are good most of the time with a few exceptions of bland dialouge from minor npcs.
,Recommended,236090,14322202,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DrunkunDrip,"Great game definitley worth the $3 or so i paid.Pros:- Loved the art style- Decent story and interesting quests- Combat is easy to learn and generally flows wellCons:- Can get a bit grindy towards the end especially if you want to 100% areas as all enemies respawn when you leave the screen- A little bit too easy, i played on normal and wasn't too challenging until the last bossOverall i rate it 8/10 and for $3 i give it 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,13679833,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zakee,Its a great game not my favorite but a godt game^^ not a game ill complet 100% i only played for the story witch i think is pretty godt^^ it do not take too long too complet the game if u just follow the main story. the combat is rly fun i think i loved to try and get the combo higher then last time^^Hope u fin it usefull^^ sry the write error :P
76561198086734184,Recommended,236090,14303741,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Spooky Lion,"A beautiful game which could nearly be compared to art in a metaphorical sense as well as in literal. A game with an immersive world which will call you to explore it all, tight and responsive controls, and amazing voice acting. Whether you are a beginner looking for a casual experience or a gamer looking for a challenge, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,236090,1504996,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Fluxuation,"Great game, good story, interesting combat. Though would suggest playing on hard, normal just makes everything kinda easy."
76561198149851341,Recommended,236090,14285861,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,CryoHate,well overall this game is great but there is a few bugs and glitchs that are (really) annoying and out of 10 i say 7/10
,Recommended,236090,14334156,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,bpfoley89,"7/10If you're looking for something fun to pass the time this is perfect for that. It's a side-scrolling slasher that controls like a 2D Devil May Cry. The story is mildly fresh and the adventure portion of it is pretty good though not all that original.Pros:-Fun to play-Nice combat style-Interesting plotCons:-Combat later in the game gets stale, and even later in the game gets boring/frustrating.-No connection with the characters-The comedy is very bland-Enemies come in groups and are never really a challenge"
,Recommended,236090,14334346,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,{GE} Wolfy Blackheart,"Dust was a game that caught me by surprise. I have spoken often of games that deserve more recognition created by small teams, and in this particular case the story was written entirely by one man who also did ALL of the artwork for every location, animation and character in the game as well as being the organized lead of the project. At first glance I feel most will be turned away by the anomorphic art design as I was, but though the quality of production wavers at points, Dust is a game of immense substance.So the sins of a low budget studio come into play. We have line readings that range from absolute cringeworthy all the way to BEYOND perfect delivery when a scene calls for it. The script dabbles between comical and serious to the same effect. I had a couple unexpected laughs, and was actually fairly impressed with some story elements that came into play despite the titles child friendly surface. Some parts of the script seem to try too hard to deliver it's point but others are spot on. When it manages to stave off cliche it goes in an interesting original direction that made me sure I saw the adventure through, you can tell the story meant a lot to guy who wrote it. The art isn't going to blow your mind, but the game has some really nice setpieces and effects. Overall it's extremely impressive as the work of one man.Between the mixed signals I am giving, all subpar line readings and sometimes annoying characters, ALL can be forgiven for the most important part of any game, the gameplay. The combat system is fluid, over the top, and fun. To say it's devil may cry on a 2d plane just doesn't do it justice. Once you unlock enough abilities it is a total blast to just string up combos. It's one of those games that is so beautiful in motion that it's hard to critisize. There's platforming and a few mild puzzle elements as well, to round out the experience. The music is great throughout, and all and all the minor shortcomings were worth the entire package. There's some signs that the project was rushed and not drawn out to full potential, but such are the dangers of working with corperate buisness to fund your project. The game did well enough that they've even spoken about the possibilty of a sequel, of which I would be fully fledged to play.A slightly rough around the edges hidden gem, I fully recommend this to someone wanting a charming fantasy tale or fantasically flawless 2d demi god slashing combat."
,Recommended,236090,14339559,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hunterbirk,"I believe this is a beutiful game. The story is great, and the characters are too! if you are looking for a game to whack off to, this isnt it. it may seem a bit rushed, but it was short on time and they tried their best. the animations are great and the moves are too. there is a easy way to find the cheat code without entering in anything. (figit) is the key to destroying everything (just spam it). great combat, great style, hope there is another."
,Recommended,236090,8999460,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Nunki,"Wonderful game. Good platformer, nice RPG elements and beautiful story (I admit! I cried!)"
,Recommended,236090,14174835,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Bumpadump,"This game is, in my opinion, nothing short of a masterpiece.-Fantastic visuals-Fantastic music/audio-Enjoyable (and a little repetitive) combat-Unique mechanics for this genre (Fidget mechanics plus the dust storm ability is just too fun to stop doing)-Engaging storyThe only thing I can ask for is more!10/10"
76561198040653599,Recommended,236090,14175900,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jeanette,"Lot's of fun. Easy to learn mechanics, dialogue can be pretty funny, enough of a challenge to get all the achievements. On the downside the character design is a little amatuer and YMMV with the voice acting. Definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,236090,14216214,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Puppet1337,"This is probably one of the most amazing games I have ever played.  It has a great story line and comedic banter.  Cute characters, hidden surprises, and dramatic unveilings make this game engaging and fun to play/replay for hours at a time.  It is one of the few games I was a completionist in and I am currently playing it on Hardcore mode to get the last achievement. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198024998930,Recommended,236090,14412943,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,whyttigr,"What a pleasant surprise! I knew the graphics would be excellent, and the combat as experienced in the demo was entertaining itself, but who would have guessed that the voice-acting would be as good as it was, or the story as surprisingly moving?"
,Recommended,236090,14418707,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Angeleek,"Really enjoyed this! Great story, simple platformer side scroller and some fantastic fighting combos to be made! Thoroughly recommend :)"
,Recommended,236090,14390950,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Keizgon,Wonderful indie title. Utterly amazed the most of this was done by just one person; which is truly an inspiration in itself.
,Recommended,236090,11289760,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Galajuu,"This game...oh man, how do we begin?In an industry dominated by games with sandbox and open-world concepts, there's just something charming about Dust: An Elysian Tail's simple and straight-forward way of telling a story. The dialogue is clever and well-voiced considering all the voice-actors were never on the production floor itself; and the themes touched upon range from funny, to subtly complex, and even heart-wrenching.My point being: this game has an amazing atmosphere. The characters are all lovable, the environments throughout the game never get dull or repetitive, and the music can simply be listened to for hours on end.For metroidvania gamers, this is definitely a must-play. Even after a 10-hour playthrough (and finishing the main story), my completion progress is still about 65% despite having gone on multiple detours here and there within said 10 hours. This game will force you to keep a keen eye for secret chests and entrances!While the main crux of the plot itself is simple and may not appeal to those seeking a life-changing experience, Dust: An Elysian Tail managed to deeply move me right at the very end with a conclusion that is epic, satisfying, and definitely in need of a sequel!This high-calibre and charming indie experience was worth every cent I paid! If you're looking for a game that actually managed to set itself apart in an over-satuarated gaming industry...this is that game!!! :)This game is definitely worth more than dust...I'd give it a 9/10! :)"
76561198136183865,Recommended,236090,11290672,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,theahmedah,if you enjoy the hack and slash gameplay with little rpg and leveling up then this game is for you
,Recommended,236090,11292295,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sale-chan is best waifu,10/10 would lose memory again.God tier soundtrack BTW.
76561197985253346,Recommended,236090,1047500,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Liao,"Terms like ""nice"", ""amazing"", ""awesome"" or ""wonderful"" don't quite cover it.This game, for me, is perfection in its genre. An extremely high quality sidescroller beat-em-up/RPG. It features very well drawn character animation in a somewhat ""furry""-styled setting (people are semblances to rabbits, cats, bears mice and the like) which is a matter of taste, I, for one, don't mind it too much. The combat style, which isn't by far as annoying as I was afraid it would be, is easy to pick up and use. It allows for quick advancement through enemy encounters and doesn't slow gameplay down, which is something rarely ever seen (very very nice). The game also features a bunch of sidequests the player can take from several NPCs throughout the game (actually it's kind of necessary to do them in some cases), aswell as a lot of small secrets and puzzles. Since the player will learn different new skills through the course of the game (one even right in the final area of the game) some secrets and puzzles will only be possible to solve much later. Along with all that, there's some other incredibly  awesome gimmick. Hidden in the game are 12 caged characters from different other  Indie-titles (e.g. Super-Meatboy, Gomez from Fez, The Kid from Bastion etc.) which, when freed, will grant a permanent health bonus to the character (quite fun).Now... don't get me started about the audio part......Alright I got myself started about it, but I'll try to keep it short: the voiceover is very well made, voice actors sound believable and there's almost no dialogues that sound anywhere near ""artificial"" (you might sometimes be told in character that you should press this or that button to do something). There is a downside however, even though it's very well translated, except for a few minor mistakes in the german language version, there's no translated audio. Though subtitles are well readable and there's a selectable option to advance dialogue manually.The soundtrack is awesomeness-incarnate. People who know me a bit know what a sucker for good soundtracks I am, and this game's is just top notch, from start to end.Okay... what else to say? The game is rather funny but the story is nonetheless quite high quality aswell. There's a lot of funny references to other games, like for example, the shady merchant who seems to follow the hero around ... ""Aaahh, I'll buy it at a hiiigh price!"" ... (In case you don't know that's the much famed merchant from Resident Evil 4)Anyway, I can seriously recommend this game, it's an Indie-Jewel. Suited for ages from I'd say maybe 12 upward...? Not sure to be honest there IS some undead (non bloody) and some mild spooky stuff involved anyway ;-P"
,Recommended,236090,11396538,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Josh,A delightful rewind to classic side-scrolling monster beat-em-up action with slight RPG elements.  This game brings me back to the basics of old [castlevania] style gameplay as well as mixing in a decent storyline to boot.  Any player should give this a try.  Yuo can beat it in a day or two but the play is very worth it in the end.
,Recommended,236090,11398898,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,rickylows2,i dont remeber when and where i saw this game i knew it was going to be great but that i saw it again on review on it by a guy name somecallmejohny and i knew after seeing it for the second time i need to get this game and what a surprisen this one game turned out to be one of my favorite games of all time right next to pokemon generation1-6(4th being my favorite)legend of zelda majors mask legend of zelda skyward sword and batman arkham city
76561197971992015,Recommended,236090,11410921,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,kodishaolin,"9 / 10 Beautiful, smooth platformer, with well acted and entrancing story.Just finished this little gem, and I gotta say, first platformer I've played and enjoyed in years!  Well done on the story, and beautiful animation from the backdrops to the characters.  It felt very well paced, and if you have a backlog of games, like I do, its a good one to get to first. Took me a week or so playing on and off."
,Recommended,236090,2840843,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Grand Illusions,Awesomeness all around.
,Recommended,236090,10848496,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kanyewestfan2003,"This game man. THIS. GAME.A lot of the negative reviews I've read have 2 major points about this game. Firstly, the art style was made to appeal to furries and kids, and secondly, that its basically a flash game that's not worth a single penny. First of all, who the HECK cares? If you're judging a game on it's art style, you should be judgmental on how it all  LOOKS, not what demographic it is for. Also, there are a lot of games out there that look like they're meant to be played by kids (Mario, Zelda, Pokemon, Crayon Physics Deluxe), but despite that fact, an older audience still enjoys them you IDIOTS. Second of all, this game is pretty detailed, BETTER, and a lot bigger than most flash games. On top of that, it was mostly made by ONE GUY. Don't you think that he would want a return on probably YEARS of investment into a video game he created? Like HELLO HI HOW YA DOING SCREW YOU.Now then, enough about that, let's get down to brass tacks. Everything about this PRETTY game that has a COOL art style (sorry) just comes together PERFECTLY. The story (WHICH IS NOT KIDDY AT ALL AND FRICKN AMAZING), the gameplay (the combat, how crafting works, and the puzzles are all super well done), the art style, the characters (all thought out, intriguing, and WELL VOICE ACTED. THAT'S ANOTHER THING PEOPLE IN NEGATIVE REVIEWS GRIPE ABOUT AND I REALLY DON'T HEAR THE PROBLEM WITH IT. LIKE THEY'RE ALL DAMN WOODLAND CREATURES DO YOU HONESTLY EXPECT THEM NOT NOT SOUND CARTOONY), and the setting (Elysian is a very pretty place) are just AMAZING AND WELL DONE. SERIOUSLY, GET THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.Also a little aside, FIDGET IS LITERALLY THE CUTEST THING EVER CREATED BY MAN I GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH HER BY THE END."
,Recommended,236090,8446167,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Drynwyn,It's a fun hack and slash side scroller with RPG and platforming elements.
76561198103941480,Recommended,236090,8447020,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,flapjackpops,its got a talking sword
76561198085435240,Recommended,236090,8447033,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Doge,Very good and intereting
76561198090522358,Recommended,236090,8447837,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bad Furry,JUST A OVER ALL GRAET  GAME !!  AND A FURRY ONE TOO ! :D
,Recommended,236090,8448030,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,まんこをくれ,"The art and combat are both fantastic, and the characters are wonderfully fuzzy"
,Recommended,236090,8448165,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sephii,"Ave inspiring, awesome story and great soundtrack + lovely Fidget. Love it."
76561198037411446,Recommended,236090,8448356,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ObeseSmiley,Fun little indie rpg. Okay storyline and decent gameplay.What made the game for me was all the little cartoonish humor throughout. Cute sidekicks with comic relief FTW.
76561198018963126,Recommended,236090,8449097,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OneRefuse2Die,"If you like the old 2d MetroidVania type games this is super fun, and highly addicitve. Old school fun with the new school sheen and polish!"
76561198012390569,Recommended,236090,8449151,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Willow Woods,"If you can get past the generic ""furry"" anime characters, its really a good hack and slash arcade runner. You play as Dust, I assume which is a cat furry, a swordmaster with a mysterious past which he cannot remember. Your sidekick is Fidget, a flying bat-like micro furry that casts spells. Rack up high hit combos and hunt for treasure in obscure hard to reach places.  It has a fair amount of platforming  if that's your thing.I give the game a ""B"" for the mindless fun and decent storyline."
,Recommended,236090,8449607,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Breaux,The developer clearly put his heart into this game and porting it to PC. It pretty much gets everything right!
76561198061121704,Recommended,236090,8450443,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kaotic_Fear,"Played this game for an hour, and now I'm addicted to it. Very good gameplay and storyline. Out of all the other games I own, none has gotten me this addicted to a game. Keeps you wondering what awaits ahead, and wondering how the story evolves. Well worth every cent for this game."
,Recommended,236090,8451022,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MurasameFsey,Really good game. Ended up playing non-stop (except sleep and eating) for 2 days back to back and finished itJust would be better if there was a language option (currently chooses the language based on your OS language)
,Recommended,236090,8451938,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SiegeCJ,"It's hard to believe that all this masterpiece was created by one person. This game has a great story, great lessons, flawless combat system, and is just overall impressive. This was definitely a passion project and it's among one of the best indie titles I've ever played.  This game is absolutely brilliant...you're doing yourself a disservice as a gamer if you're not experiencing what Dust has to offer."
,Recommended,236090,8453594,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,the hound,"Hack n' slash goodness... and lots of it. Play this, now."
,Recommended,236090,8418400,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lady Nightengale,"This game is a must have for your collection !!! One of best action/rpg platformer that I have played.  Gorgeous graphics and artworks. Beautiful soundtracks. The game is not too hard, not too easy. Good story. The characters are endearing. And what more, this game is made by only one person !!! It's very impressive.Buy it and I promise that you will not regret it. :-)"
76561197999302155,Recommended,236090,8418746,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jacob N.,Pretty fun game if its on sale for 4$ I would go for it. Its got some good story if your able to accept that erm.... annoying fairy like thing following you around and always being scared. Still it can be comical at times to :).
,Recommended,236090,3048844,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Wumbub,"HOOOEEEALLLLYYY♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is absolutely fantastic, originally an Xbox Arcade Indie game, this game had a great storyline, and is one of the BEST ports Xbox to PC I have EVER seen.If you have spare money and are just genuinely bored of your current games, GET THIS. This game goes back to the prospect of a brawler game, and everything in the game is fantastically drawn and gives a great atmosphere.I HIGHLY reccomend this game."
76561198028215817,Recommended,236090,8419090,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MoeferQuayn,"Suprisingly good. Seemed a bit too anime to me at first, but the story and the characters start to shine through very quickly. Reminded me of Bastion, considering the incredible art, strong characters and a dynamic story, and a great soundtrack. Really amazed me, worth a playthrough for sure."
,Recommended,236090,8419178,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cyrus the Virus,Short but good game.
76561198013292982,Recommended,236090,8419278,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bobinhedgeorge,This game is super pretty... good storyline. LOTS of hitting things and a badass an entertaining version of Navi who wants nothing more than to maul people's faces.
76561197961944500,Recommended,236090,8420120,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Longjohn Server,"This game is friggin' fantastic! Well written characters, engaging story, beautiful artwork. I would definitely reccommend it."
,Recommended,236090,8420171,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hoolius,not bad
76561198021739624,Recommended,236090,8420271,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lyeren,Beautiful game with good musical score and compelling/funny story! For the price is a must have imo!
76561198055389903,Recommended,236090,8421001,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grimfarrow,"One of the most gorgeous hand-drawn action-platformer I've ever experienced, DUST: AN ELYSIAN TALE does a lot right when it comes to quasi-Metroidvania gaming. Apart from the terrific graphics, it has a great combo mechanic (just wish it had more of them), and the game does a good job of pacing its power-ups. Crafting is a unique way of equipping new, more powerful items. The last level of the game is especially satisfying to fight in, especially those hovercrafts that can be wrestled to the ground in one big, satisfying explosion. But the game is not without problems. For one, though the in-game graphics are amazing, the hand-drawn animated cutscenes looks awful (I'm also not exactly a fan of the artstyle). Worse are the characters, which are either annoying (Fidget) or one-dimensional. The dialogues never amount to much apart from lines that you've heard of tons of tmes. The ending is especially disappointing, with the last boss being utterly underwhelming (as opposed to, say, the last boss of Guacamelee, who was intimidating and fun to fight against), and the finale is a bunch of cliches all put together. I groaned when Ginger asks, ""Dust?"" in the end. That said, despite being letdown by the game during its final moments, DUST is still very much worth playing. 7/10."
76561198082327308,Recommended,236090,8421162,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Neku,From what i have done so far and from the many differenr rpgs' i have played this is definetly one I would recommend. Its gives off a sort of relaxing feel with a side of uniqueness that i thought is needed.
,Recommended,236090,8421701,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,4Poc|JTJdude,This game is amazing if you love platforming and/or hack n slash gameplay you can't do much better than this masterpiece.
76561197975255639,Recommended,236090,8421925,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Un Yun,"This game honestly surprised the hell out of me. I bought the game only knowing it was an indie RPG with an anime art style and honestly I am a bit of a sucker for these kinds of games but let me tell you that rarely have I empathized with characters in a game as much as I have in this game.The story is fantastic, the pace is fantastic, the voice acting is fun yet believable (mostly), the gameplay is fun as all hell, and this game has some of the most realistic character development I have ever seen. At a leisurely pace I beat the game in 8 hours and despite being an rpg the enemies were threatening throughout the whole game.This game has been on sale for under $10 multiple times and it would be a steal even at full price. <3"
,Recommended,236090,8422038,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eso ♣,"Amazing graphics, amazing storyline, great voice acting, legendary combat, Dust: An Elysian Tail has it all."
,Recommended,236090,8422388,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CarlCX,The fact that this is an indie action-platformer that's actually interesting is impressive. The fact that this is an indie action-platformer that's actually interesting and beautiful is fantastic. The fact that this is an indie action-platformer that's actually interesting and beautiful and WAS MADE BY ONE DUDE is nothing short of incredible and I want that man immediately dissected so we can study his brain for future eugenics projects.
,Recommended,236090,8422700,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Isra,Reminds me Captain Claw! ;)
,Recommended,236090,8425049,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,StarPlatypus,"Amazing, artistic, fun, addicting, short, mostly good acting, redundant, meh story..."
76561198050181053,Recommended,236090,5463236,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,trobnor,one of the best games I have played in resend memory
76561198087500714,Recommended,236090,7126097,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,MaddAddaM,"One of the most thoroughly entertaining games I've played in a very long time. Developed & Handpainted by one guy. Hard too describe so just check out the gameplay videos. Epic, fast, fast, fast combat... once you get good at it."
,Recommended,236090,1697181,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,AE86 (Swerto),"For those who were initially turend off from the cast of anthromorphic animals, give this game another look, it deserves it.It goes back to teh PS1 days of sidescrolling action RPGs, games like Megaman X4 and Tomba are heavy influences here. The combat and movement are fluid, animations blend together well.The art style and music are both beautiful, and this game is definately deserving of anyone who is a fan of action games."
76561198005766307,Recommended,236090,8075880,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Scorpius,one of the best games i have played!
76561197964397003,Recommended,236090,182467,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,N/A,Old School Jump&Run Action RPG with nice graphics and lot of slashing kombo action. Very playable and addictive!
,Recommended,236090,14166682,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ian_stagib,"As a platformer (with a bit of rpg thrown in) it ticks all the boxes. It's intense, requires some skill, has varied environments. But I think the best thing about this game is that it's unique, and this is most evident in the art and the story. I was pleasantly surprised and it had me glued to the screen until I finished it, afterwards I had a smile of satisfaction at the experience."
76561198048119530,Recommended,236090,14212307,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Wolf Heart,"A great game.  It has excelent gameplay, a deep and comprehensive story, the level art is gorgeous, and the characters are all interesting.  The only negatives is that it is somewhat lacking in extra features and the character art leaves something to be desired.9/10"
76561198161069012,Recommended,236090,14230135,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Superbro64,"1 thing I like the best:The defensive side of combat.In my experince, brawlers seem to not want the players to avoid getting hit, limiting your options to bare minimun or nothing at all. I think it's because they think the game will be to easy if the player's skilled enough, and that can be true. I still find it cheap how I continuously die to that one enemy (we all have one) because he conveniently breaks through your sheild.So I greatly apreciate the ability to dodge (both on ground and air) and parry attacks. It makes combat overall more fun knowing, if I die, or I'm underpowered, if I can use defence skillfully, I'll come out victorious.There's no shield option (that I'm aware of), but I'm not complaining.1 thing I dislike the most:The bomb fruit sections. Guiding a explosive eggplant with ever-so-slightly wonky hovering physics can be a pain, and I'm sure most of the time it's the hitbox's fault, not mine.What 1 feature I would want added:A quest helper of some description. Like an arrow that points me to where in the level the quest giver is. Also along the same lines, add an progress bar for quests so I know for sure that I completed all of them.What 1 feature I want taken out:The challenge rooms. You'll really begin to hate how your character flies across the screen when hit when trying to complete these areas in reasonable speed.What I want improved:The combat system. It has the 2 attack button setup thta most does. The problem is that the second attack is your main (and only) ability, which is a bit finicky. Try using the 2nd attack button when doing your basic combo (you know it), which is key for variant moves, and more times then not you'll do your abillity instead.More annoying than anything.(Also : Include wall jumping with right and up, instead of just left and up. You'll see why.)Finger(s): 3 thumbs up out of 3""Totalbiscuit highly recommends it, and now I do too.Not like some random nobody will sway anyone's opinion anytime soon."""
,Recommended,236090,14233282,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,"Wilse ""Shade"" Ventara","Beautiful scenery, awsome story, music, and combat... and a cute, funny little nimbat i just can't get enough of. X3"
76561197976865842,Recommended,236090,14276842,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[TAW]DarkMiso,"Very fast, responsive combat, interesting story. There are some logic puzzles here and there (mostly about how to get to places) but not one breakes the pace of the game. Item and resource system is simple and easy to understand.If you like this animeish style, it is a must have, otherwise it is a very good, excellent fast combat focused game"
,Recommended,236090,14348957,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jochen Das Spitz,Best anime visual novel about a fox and his beloved vixen. I'd have to say it's 10x better than stupid kinky HuniePop.
76561198009067077,Recommended,236090,14354489,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Bought the game, played for about an hour until Fidget made my eyes and ears bleed.  Put it down for about 6 months. Picked it up again.Great game, but to enjoy it you have to ignore the sidekick thingy as much as possible.   It's purpose (so far) seems like nothing more than a crutch of formulaic anime.  I imagine that if I could modify the game assests to replace Fidget's voice with white noise, it would be endlessly entertaining.  Or the raptor sounds from the Archer episode.So far the story hasn't hooked me, but then again I believe there is such a thing as bad anime.   Even if you agree with that, you should still pick up the game for the fun gameplay, but wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,236090,14356225,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Madd the Sane,"The Mac port is well-done, with only a minor glitch near the end.Controller support is excellent, and it worked fine on my 360 controller (with drivers), and I was able to use my Logitech RumblePad 2 (although I had to run the game in 32-bit mode for vibrations) without remapping it. The keyboard controls are great, and the mouse support is excellent. TotalBiscuit once said that the PC port puts many other PC ports (of console games) to shame, and while I haven't had a chance to play many console ports, I can agree with it on a technical level. That said, I have begun to favor a controller more recently, so I don't use the mouse controls that much."
76561198003059247,Recommended,236090,8387304,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HotBlack,"I picked up this game because of what I saw in the combat.  It feels a lot like the combat in ninja gaiden, many simple combos that  are more usefull in different situations that become more powerfull when you use them intelligently rather than just mashing buttons.  All of the environments are very pretty and never get dull or bland. The only drawback that I felt the game had was many of the conversations felt forced and were uninteresting to listen to."
76561198035815398,Recommended,236090,8387399,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,VictorySan,Dust is one of those games that you didn't know you needed. It's so awesome. VO is fantastic and the flying pikachu is funny! its a STEAL for this price. So good. so GEWD
76561198067819427,Recommended,236090,8387545,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ryuu1412,"You want this game and you want it now! You won't be able to put it down! Soundtrack, story, characters, voiceovers, and gameplay I give 10/10!"
,Recommended,236090,8387850,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tobias Starclaw,"a very good game. i would recommend this for just about anyone. it looks amazing, its a lot of fun and just an awesome game. also made by one guy... ONE GUY!"
,Recommended,236090,8387983,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ayestes,AWESOME
,Recommended,236090,8387995,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,lacr1mosus,"Fantastic playthrough, enjoyable storyline. Each time play starts to get repetitive,  new areas, play mechanisms, abilities, or enemies are uncovered."
,Recommended,236090,2058838,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,joe,"The fact that this game exists is a feat itself. Developed by a one-man studio with some help in audio and story, Dust is a side-scrolling metrovania 4 years in the making.Its beautiful animation, expected from the creator's pedigree, harkens back to the Sunday morning cartoons of my youth. The game also features responsive controls, fun combat, distinct fully voice-acted personalities and a sizeable amount of optional side content .Additionally, the developer seems quick to address any issues. I look forward to future offerings from Dean Dodrill and Humble Hearts."
,Recommended,236090,8388414,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Leilys,cool game :)
,Recommended,236090,8388522,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wolfy,This game is probably the most fun I've had in a long time with any game. The art is beautiful. The writing and voice acting is amazing for an indie title. My one complaint is that it made my thumbs hurt from mashing the melee button. High combos!
,Recommended,236090,8388725,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nekowhatsit,Anyone who hasn't picked this up and played it should. It's a spectacular blend of platformer and hack'n'slash. Love it!
76561197989796738,Recommended,236090,8388925,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Omegalite,"Stupidy addictive, funny character dialogue, fun flashy combat and interesting story; what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,236090,8388935,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Snarkkeh,Neat game.
,Recommended,236090,8498292,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dante Futhark,"One guy made this, and it turns out to be awesome. Roam around a whole world with addicting combat, complete quests and side quests, craft items, and interact with other people. Everyone in the game has their own character. The plot's unforgettable. Buy it if you love indie games and action platformers."
,Recommended,236090,8498766,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,KadmosEternal,Great sidescroller/platformer.
76561198011577806,Recommended,236090,8499003,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jeffergeorge,A lot of fun. Challenging. Good story line.
,Recommended,236090,8499948,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kaito,Best Game. Everyone should play Dust. Do it!
,Recommended,236090,8500064,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Auri,"Despite the amatuerish voice acting and the sometimes badly drawn characters, the story has its moments and the gameplay is awesome... and it's furry xD ! Not to mention the music, wow, amazing. Same composer from the original Unreal Tournament game I think, you can hear the epicness in it."
76561198009303583,Recommended,236090,8500838,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,No0ne,"Games has a few bugs that i have come across while using a controller. But they really don't affect you while in combat, mosting when trying to navigate the menus or walk pass someone you just talked with.Surprised at how much i enjoy it so far, and it cute as all hell."
,Recommended,236090,8501179,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Adamsw216,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is part of a well-known genre of side-scrolling action/adventure games. In many ways, the story is unoriginal, the characters are obvious archetypes, and the dialogue is corny, but that did not make me enjoy the game any less. The clichés aside, this is a game that has a very solid art style, a no-frills plot, and a beautifully-simple fighting mechanics and inventory systems. This game takes themes we are all very famliar with and polishes them up into a fun adventure that is engaging and memorable. The road this game travels is well-trodden, and the developers are very well aware of this which they pay homage to in many homages and references to other popular games. The characters frequently break the fourth wall and I felt that gave the game more endearing qualities than if it took itself too seriously.Nothing ground breaking here, but if you are looking for a fun, straight-forward, well-assembled game, give Dust a try!"
76561198000558714,Recommended,236090,8501822,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Québecer,this game is really good!!!
,Recommended,236090,12208964,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gal Sektleder,"The story isn't deep, but it's good. The gameplay isn't advanced and extensive, but it's good. If you like good platformers with loads of action with a story in there to get you engaged in the action, I recommend this game for you."
76561198013722501,Recommended,236090,12209542,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Glytch,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the best Metroidvania-style games I’ve ever had the pleasure of playing. The narrative is compelling and the aesthetics are GORGEOUS. The quality is all the more impressive when you factor that the game was made by 1 person (minus voice acting, soundtrack and parts of the story).If you’re not into anime/manga, this game may not be for you. Secondly I recommended that you play at a high difficulty.Oh and it’s (in my opinion) one of the finest pc ports ever."
76561198108912416,Recommended,236090,12212586,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jack O' Lantern Fuse,"This is me Fuse, saying that this not my review of Dust: AET, but it's by Jon Morcom over at PCGamer. I couldn't find the words myself to describe this game, so I take great assurance that Jon's review will help me out, along with you. Enjoy the review!Anthropomorphic animals can be a divisive fictional device. But if we can accept cities floating in the sky and assassins who can blink themselves across high rooftops, it shouldn’t be too big a stretch to invest some belief in the cat-like samurai and his talking sword in Dust: An Elysian Tail. This obvious labour of love was developed near single-handedly by Dean Dodrill, whose background as an accomplished illustrator is so enjoyably evident in this exquisite-looking action RPG.Eponymous and amnesic hero, Dust is on a quest to discover his true identity and establish who is ethnically cleansing the mystical world of Falana. As Dust, you carry the sentient Blade of Ahrah, a swishy bringer-of-death given to dispensing pearls of wisdom at key points in the story. Fidget, a ‘nimbat’ (a flying cross between a fox and a ginger tabby) is the guardian of the sword and your diminutive companion. Disconcertingly curvaceous with an irritating voice, Fidget punctuates this otherwise solemnly-related tale with some knowing, flippant remarks that keep the cloying earnestness at bay.This port has received a lot of love, and the keyboard commands work well. WASD and space are used to move and jump, while J and K let you chain light and heavy strikes into combo streaks. L orders Fidget to throw a cluster of tiny fireballs into melee which, when combined with Dust's blade-spinning Dust Storm attack, become a blazing swarm that can sweep the screen of enemies. Dust Storm can also be used to wrangle explosive fruits and break through fragile walls, revealing secret areas or opening up paths to quest objectives. Completing quest and creating huge combo chains generates XP that lets you level up and assign a booster gem to Dust's attack power, toughness, or Fidget's spark-flinging ability.The multifarious enemy creatures infesting Falana queue-up to be dispatched through combat that feels smooth and intuitive but may be too easy for some on Normal difficulty. Bosses require a bit more finesse - parry and avoid combined with some health bar whittling from Fidget's ranged attack. Indigenous hordes of goblins and rock giants will scatter loot and crafting materials across the scenery when they die, and the drops are generous and varied enough to make crafting almost redundant. Dust can equip buff-giving items and regenerate his health with everything from apples to the fully cooked roast chickens that fall out of walls when you break them.A host of varied side quests complement the main story objectives, all of which open up different parts of the world map and provide tantalising glimpses of hidden areas that present some tricky navigational challenges. However, the game does suffer from some overly-long cutscenes which aren't entirely skip-able and frequently disrupt the immersion and the tempo. Commendably, the save system has multiple slots but the in-game save monuments are spaced such that an unexpected death can occasionally lead to some laborious replay.Although the dialogue could use some judicious excising and the combat a bit more variation, the game rewards bold exploration with some imaginative platforming and beautiful, widely-varied environments. Never mind that on first look, Falana and its doe-eyed denizens presents like the sort of mind-numbing fodder Channel 5 screens early on a Saturday morning, this is a game with abundant cross-generational appeal. Dust: An Elysian Tail - the acceptable and furry face of fantasy violence."
76561198067955578,Recommended,236090,12213075,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Errand G,"This game is amazing!The main story is fairly short, however, it is very indepth, and emotionally engageing. I love RPGs that get me caught up in the story, and game did that, before the end of the first chapter. It's main story may not be very long (As in you could blits it in one to three days) but the number of side quests that it has and verious arenas it has for you to complete extend the game play quite a bit. Especially if you're trying to get all the achievements.This game is an absolute treat, and I'm really hoping that this gets a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,12238209,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Vinci,"Playing Dust: An Elysian Tail reminded me of playing nostalgic action-adventure games.The graphics, music, sound and voice acting is great.I didn't find the story compelling, but was relieved by a real fun side character.The combat system is fast, fun and satisfying. This game has various elements like power-ups, back-tracking (for bonusus) and challange stages.One of my favorite games last year and a big recommendation!"
,Recommended,236090,12241753,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Spoopy Juan,"It's a great game. In fact, it's so great, I had to buy it twice. The visuals are amazing as well as the combat. The exploration is also top notch. The sound and music is also great and atmospheric. I really wish they sold the soundtrack on Steam now that the Steam Music Player is out."
,Recommended,236090,12241852,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Urgoshade,"Rayman meets God of War (PG edition). Throw in an exelently done story, Loveable characters, some comic relief, and Let raise to Perfection.Worth every pennyKudos to the Makers!"
,Recommended,236090,12243546,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Banzatou,"Pros:+ Innovative game mechanics+ Witty dialogue+ FidgetCons:- Replay value- Character development- Reed's boxComment:Don't let the furriness fool you.This game is a gem that is enjoyable by casuals and hardcore gaming enthusiasts alike. This game teaches you the game mechanics without feeling like you're being babied and stopped to walk across the street. And if you're the type of person that loves playing beat em' ups and/or fighting games, then this game won't disappoint.If you're planning to play the game at a certain difficulty however, then choose to do so that at the very beginning. The game, despite it being addicting and innovative, will leave you feeling more than satisfied after playing through it once, but not enough to go back to it anytime soon.All in all, if the idea of Anthropomorphic designs disgust you, you would do yourself the favor of going into this with an ""open mind,"" as this will be one of the most creative indie games you'll play yet.Final thoughts: I died to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pods more than the actual enemies on hardcore.  ._."
,Recommended,236090,12244695,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jay §oyer,"An amazingly well done game.  Not too long and not too short.  Great story, great fighting.  Just a good old simplistic RPG. Must play!"
76561197967199380,Recommended,236090,12245391,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Specialk29,"Beautiful art, well written story, and just plain fun to play."
,Recommended,236090,147135,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Fisk Rage,Asian Action-RPG at its finest! Buy it!
76561198043042158,Recommended,236090,12230655,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,oshechner,Great and surprisingly deep fun.
76561198076652461,Recommended,236090,12232934,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,jzela,"Lovingly crafted with lots of personality, fast-paced combat, and a story that you actually want to finish!"
76561197990978121,Recommended,236090,12233578,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jiburiruu,"Good story, awesome gameplay and a adorable sidekick. I pretty much enjoyed evry minute of this game.Highly recomendet!"
,Recommended,236090,12284067,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,sonnentreppe (Tara!),"A random purchase because I'd heard it was fun, ended up binging a full completion of the game in about 3 days. The background artwork is beautiful, the story is simple, but fun and engaging, and the gameplay is extraordinary, All of those things together made playing this fun and I was mega upset when I was finally done with it all."
,Recommended,236090,12286282,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sethyr,"Literally the most underrated game I've ever play.Like.LITERALLY.The gameplay? ♥♥♥♥ING FANTASTIC. Explotation and World? AMAZINGLY AWESOME. Story? .....SUFFICENTLY SUPERB.The most fun I've had with such a short game in so long, man. I really really wish this game will get a sequel.Conclusion: 9/10BLOODY GOOD FUN. Like 2D action/RPG/platformers? BLOODY AWESOME FUN THEN."
76561197996007143,Recommended,236090,12286447,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Detective Tösh,"What a wonderful game. The acting, art, engine fluidity, and soundtrack are cohesive; Dust succeeds at living up to it's own expectations. Backdrops are varied and lush; a rainbow floureshed forest leads to an endangered town. Do they know how beautiful it is beneath them? Animations are butter smooth and the combat doesn't get tiresome at all.I'm the last person to care for 100% completion or Achievements; still, I find myself wanting to find every area on the map. Still I plunder every enclave Fidget senses there is treasure. Ha, Fidget.The chraracters are easily memorable. From Box-obsessed Reed to snobby Gianni to gadget-girl Hailey.Dust wears it's furry aesthetic on its sleeve. And with it, carries the best in being cute, charming, gritty... the humor is peppered in perfectly. The dynamic between FIdget and Dust is a pleasure to watch unfold. Much like Metal Gear Solid and Earthbound that enjoy pokeing you through the fourth wall, Dust revels in its absurdities and trope commonalities.""Dust... please tell me you saved.""The art will make you want to masturbate. Rivaling the likes of Vanillaware's best, [Odin Sphere, Dragon's Crown] Dust is beautiful and detailed. Effects flurry the screen in numerous layers; a little something at the corner of your eye will lead to a new exit or a ton of treasure.I... just really like this game. It's deep without being overbearing. Sidequests feel purposeful becuase the dialog is mint and the crafting system doesn't require grinding thanks to the common sense vendor system. Sell something they've never seen before? Well now we can catalog it and keep stock of it for you.Negatives? Well, to be honest, once you're done Dust, there's not much to do. I recommend getting as much as you can before the end of the game. FIll out your maps, get all the treasure you can; it's worth finding blueprints for the crafting system. And while you lovingly explore, your level magically goes up! Just kidding; it almost feels that way. You never have to grind in this game; but you want to, becuase the combat is gravy on fluffy mashed potatoes.Mmm.I suggest playing with a controller and on the ""Tough"" difficulty setting; Normal is too easy and Hardcore is too punishing. Dust deserves to have it's story earned and combat is more satifying when a strategy is required, rather than mindless button mashing.Play this game. Love this game. But love it while you can. Cause when you're done, you'll have to wait with uncertainty as to whether there will be another game like this that hits you in all the nice places Dust does.092 | GAMEPLAYA joy to play, even when starting out. Get's better over time. Fluid. Satisfying.084 | SOUNDTRACKDeep, moody, varied. More film-sentric score than video-game centric. Reminds me a bit of the Track Team's work on Avatar: The Last Airbender.088 | STYLEVanilliaware is a company; Dean Dodrill is one man. You can almost not tell the difference.  Saturday Monrning American Cartoon with edge. Purposeful storytelling. Excellent script and acting. Stunning art with good variation and a perfect colour pallette.072 | ADDICTIONI didn't want to stop playing. Much like Tomb Raider (2013) I wanted to explore and see all I could see. Grinding came organically and never felt like a chore.028 | REPLAYABILITYPlay this game once every few years if you like. But once it's done, it's done, and there's little incentive to come back. No New Game + or after campaign content. What is there, however, is one hell of a campaign. It feels special, so savour it.089 | OVERALLA special game. Caterted to those who love platforming and butter-smooth combat, Great humor, soundtrack and characters. Exceptional art and style."
,Recommended,236090,12286855,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,n1j4f15h,"What can I say about Dust: An Elysian Tail?Alot. I would personally reccommend this game to anyone who wants a side-scrolling, hack and slash adventure. From the beginning of picking it up from the Steam Summer Sale, I started playing as soon as it was through downloading. And I must say, it is quite the treat. With a mysterious beginning, Dust wakes up, with amnesia. It is there that he encounters a magic talking sword, and soon after, the sword's guardian. After some banter between the Dust and Fidget, the small, yet tempermental guardian of the sword, the adventure is on its way. Now I won't go any further in spoiling the fun, as I would hate to take anymore of the suprise away from the game. The gameplay is phenomonal, user-friendly and quick to be memorized, and are much easier on the fingers than most games played on a keyboard, and a great graphic style to boot, the artistic visions of the lands that Dust must go on his quest mapped out with by expert eye and hand. Even the detail put into it is great, from the fluid movments of Dust, to the movement of the cloth of his pants flapping as he dances in his battle-ready pose. Storywise, it was a fantastic, as the story kept me drawn in, and I quickly picked up on the lore of the world, and it wasn't nothing to see time pass buy quickly as I was drawn into the tale of Dust. To add to the visual spectacle of this game, the soundtract was beautiful, and the voice-acting superb.All in all, I would definitely reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a great game. Thank you for your time."
76561197962820946,Recommended,236090,7918217,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Rego,"Amnesia? Yeah that’s how it starts, no memories of what happened to you.So you have a talking sword and even more annoying talking allyIts an action game that throws plenty of enemies for you to kill, the enemies drop cash and crafting mats for you to make/buy yourself some equipment, this partnered with levelling up and adding stats of your choice (which you can eventually cap all of them if you spend the time)The story is pretty good if not fairly generic.The combat has its flaws.Parrying feels unreliable and some enemies require it to be killed, that being said its pretty satisfying to zip around the screen building up 1k-2k+ combosIt’s got that Metroid /Castlevania feel to it, in that you can go back through previous areas to explore parts which were inaccessible to you in the beginning.There are challenge areas hidden throughout the game, in which you run gauntlets of fire and enemies for rewards at the end, adding a lot more of a challenge to the game.Enjoy juggling screens filled with enemies!"
,Recommended,236090,7918444,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Yuri,"Vivid visuals, great music, awesome combat. A roled into a decent story in a not expensive indie pie. Had a great time with it."
,Recommended,236090,7918657,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,et si tu n'existais pas,"wow much fun,very artwow"
76561198040635717,Recommended,236090,7918911,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Joey,"Recomend? Steam, This game is brilliant. The comedy is fab. The battling is fun if you enjoy murdering many many many monsters in freaking ace combo's with explosions and the occasional brilliant comments from Fidget... the small bat female thing that you will see in comments. Honestly I'm now loving more and more. The Story is fantabulous too ;3"
,Recommended,236090,7919000,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sponTAYneous,"This game is amazing. One of the best RPGs I've played. The story, music, and artwork are all beautiful. Once I started playing, it was hard to stop! I can't wait for a well-deserved sequel to come out! I really want to see what happens next in the story!"
76561198033085698,Recommended,236090,7919396,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Spyr O))),I adore this game. I eagerly await the sequel.
,Recommended,236090,7920432,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,AuraMau,"Spent quite a few hours on this game, it was a lot longer and MUCH more engaging than I anticipated.  The storyline, although corny at times, is really original and kept me interested.  The gameplay/action is quick, colorful, explosive, and just has an awesome feel to it.The storyline is no ""Star Wars""... But I felt really connected to the characters midway through the game and wouldn't mind playing another ""Dust""-esque game if another were made.There were some moments that I felt things were getting repetitive, but soon afterwards I would receive a new ability that allowed me to experience the combat in a new way.I'd definitely recommend this game (if it's on sale).  Can't say it is worth buying at full price... depends on the standards you're used to for the time:price ratio."
,Recommended,236090,7920626,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,snipun,Really an amazing game.  Great platformer and the art is really nice.
76561198034335472,Recommended,236090,7920879,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mackly,I have been looking for a game like this for a long time. It's the most fun I've had with a game in a while. Definitely worth the price.
76561197973858337,Recommended,236090,7921314,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Stealer of Souls,It may be a cutsey story but this game is very enjoyable if you like games like shank and the sort this game will be enjoyed.  the art style is very nice to look at and the voice acting again it may be cutesy but it is enjoyable
76561198040562656,Recommended,236090,7921994,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Pyrotacticz,"If you like action, mobbing, combos, rpgs, fighting, leveling, skills, story, and amazing artwork then I highly recommend this game. I personally love the chapter transitions. They look so cool. Get this game."
76561198058713616,Recommended,236090,7922279,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Senor Mucho Ding Dong,"Despite the Furry Fandom, Dust: An Elysian Tail has a decent story and some addicting Metroidvania gameplay. A good buy!"
,Recommended,236090,7923089,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fyre_ace,"Beautiful, Emotional, and a Fun combat system, Dust AET ranks as one of the best indie games out there (Not to mention it is largely made by ONE GUY). Kudos to the extreme attention to detail in creating this PC port (Check all da optionz)"
,Recommended,236090,7923134,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Carl Swagadorn,"This game is great! Looks nice, a pretty neat sidescroller. Various combo attacks let you switch things up to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,236090,4047163,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Spotty Len,"May his boots never get dusty, and his sword never get rusty."
76561198039841390,Recommended,236090,7924035,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,LzyHubby,This is an amazing game. I would highly recommend it!
,Recommended,236090,7924464,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Otaku Scientist,"Not much time in Dust so far, but everthing  have heard is true. Its beautifully drawn and animated. An absolute bargain, and must play if on sale for any gamer."
76561198048159623,Recommended,236090,7926240,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,NerlisAkkem,"One of the best plateformer game that i've play up to now. I bought it on sale at like 4$, but 15$ is still a good deal. Even though its a bit easy (Did not tried the extreme mode yet) the story seems excellent which is rare for that kind of game. The game play is very nice too. Lots of secret to gather, lot of way to improve your character with a nice level up and equipment system..The graphics feels a bit cartoonish but are still very pretty. So well, I do recommand this game withouth hesitation!"
,Recommended,236090,3980889,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,victimsofretail,"I LOVE this game! Highly recommend, as it has outstanding action, ease of controls, good storyline and never a dull moment. It's also great for those who don't necessarily have a ton of time on their hands...you can easily start from where you left off, and lots of replay-ability.Could even be the best of the year to date!!"
76561198095648453,Recommended,236090,7498433,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,boredomkills100,Great storyline along with a fun combat system...if you are into a fantastic storyline and animated graphics this game is for you...i would give it a 9/10
76561198044369597,Recommended,236090,7976655,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fairmore,"Wow it's hard to anything really negaitve about this game at all. I picked this game up on steam sale for 3 bucks and it is worth so much more then that. The gameplay is great, the soundtrack is amazing and it is fun for hours and hours as it takes you through an awesome story with a great conclusion. It's shocking to think that this was made by one guy as his dream project but all the praise he has gotten and more."
,Recommended,236090,7977970,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DarkAegis,"Great game - the story is decent enough and the dialogue is cute, but the fighting system is really satisfying and well put together. I enjoyed it thoroughly. One of the few games I've played from start to finish recently."
,Recommended,236090,7978188,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,money123451™,Worth the 3.30 $ i spent or so for the story how ever odd it is still a good story.
,Recommended,236090,7978262,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Rasegan,Dust is probably better than half life 3
,Recommended,236090,7978375,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Asmodeas,"Awesome rpg side scroller, the world is animated wonderfully. worth the price to play :)"
,Recommended,236090,7978738,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,mexico doggo,"Beautiful game with tons of humor and other little stuff in between. I recommend getting it on sale whenever you can, it's a mistake not to."
,Recommended,236090,7978743,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SIR LAFFALOT,"This game was so incredible I don't even know where to begin. It's an incredible story mixed with an equally incredible soundtrack and fantastic gameplay. All of the art and animation in the game is superb, as well as the writing that made me laugh and come REALLY CLOSE to crying. It's a ridiculously modest price for what you're getting. More people need this game."
,Recommended,236090,7979252,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,joshuatehhonguan,"This game is a blast if you enjoy 2D platformers. The graphics and animations are wonderfully done. The fighting might be repetitive and the moves limited at the beginning of the game, but I enjoyed the challenges posed by the different types of enemies in the game.The story is a simple, straightforward one and most of the characters are endearing, though I can understand how some might find Fidgit irritating.The areas to explore in the game is quite substantial. Having sunk almost 4 hours into the game, I have yet to complete the first chapter. From a personal perspective, this is good as I did not want a game which finished too quickly.Overall, if you are looking for a distraction from AAA games and want a throwback to simpler (and maybe more fun games), than Dust is what you are looking for."
,Recommended,236090,7979366,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Brentmeister,"Very fun. Has everything. Wit, Action, Story, Production value. It's Miyazaki like narrative, animation and music ties together with tight understandable gameplay. Can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,7979394,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chewie,Stop reading this and go buy it...
76561198074484673,Recommended,236090,7979500,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Azteclion,"Such a great game, slow start, butonce it gets going it turns into an amazing ride that you won't want to end"
,Recommended,236090,7979529,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Naxia Lascif,"A beautiful, well-written, and entirely fun action-RPG"
,Recommended,236090,7979572,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Imperialomni,"Don't let the cover pic fool you, this is one heck of an addictive game. It's an action-ish rpg with a pretty OK storyline, however as the game progresses, you'll definitely get hooked onto it.P.S. The game requires you to backtrack a lot due to maps at the beginning having obstacles that requires skill only obtainable on the later part of the game."
76561198015039070,Recommended,236090,2954219,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,luffy_holic,Awesome game. Especially considering it was made primarily by one guy.Make sure you play on Tough or higher though.
,Recommended,236090,7980223,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jinxy,"Dust An Elysian Tail is a great game, the story is well thought out, the characters well developed and the combat system is quick and responsive. I can recommend it in a heartbeat. However the short span of the game gives us reason to support it so a sequel is made to enjoy the future tales in this universe."
,Recommended,236090,7982150,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Prawns,"If you can get over the disney character portraits, the cliché tropes of the amnesiac hero with a dark past and the uneven voice acting quality you're in for a treat.Has some extremely fluid combat accompanied by some very nice visual effects, and an interesting story with somewhat enjoyable characters. The game is played like a metroidvania, with an open world divided in stages, which you can explore at your leisure.My only real complaint is that the game scales badly once you start upgrading your char/gear. Make sure to play on the higher difficulties for this reason alone."
,Recommended,236090,7982485,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Aomn,"If you're looking for a RPG with an epic plot, treasure hunting, easter eggs, touching scenes, plataform, good soundtrack, amazing artwork and graphics, buy Dust: An Elysian Tail.10/10"
76561197960822563,Recommended,236090,7982551,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zeke,nice!
76561198048245878,Recommended,236090,7985260,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,ugotownd,"5/5. This game is a worth a flat-out buy just for the amazing, hand drawn art and animation. It's like playing a teen rated Disney movie that is filled with hack-and-slash gloriousness. The voice acting is hilarious and the story, quests and RPG upgrade elements round out the package. My only complaint is the somewhat strange control scheme. Playing with an XBOX/PS3 controller would probably make a slightly better experience. Either that or tamper with the button mapping in the settings."
76561198065542213,Recommended,236090,7985676,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,mvb0829,This game was awesome!.. there needs to be a 2nd one for sure!
76561198065805346,Recommended,236090,6415496,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,R4v3n,One of the best games I ever played.Great art. Beautiful Music. Fluid and precise gameplay. Good content.This game has spirit. I Higly recommend.
,Recommended,236090,8006904,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Entrusted One,"This game's story is fantastic. The music is great, and so is the art. If you do not like 2D platformers (Metriod style) with brawler mechanics, then this isn't the game for you. Even though this game was ported from the 360 to PC, they did a great job in porting it over. The game is completely playable and enjoyable with mouse and keyboard. With 12 hours of gameplay, I was able to get about 93% of the game complete, without of the achievements. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a great story with strong characters."
,Recommended,236090,8012129,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,CoconutPalmie,"This is by far one of the best choices I have made in terms of indie games. Well written, well acted, and a beautiful game. The soundtrack is superb, as well. There were multiple times during my playthrough where I just stopped and listened to the background music. Precise controls allow for fluid battle mechanics with a low learning curve. Great use of RPG aspects in a 2D Platformer.Overall, I'd give it a 9/10. There are minor setbacks in the gameplay, but they don't take much away."
,Recommended,236090,1561668,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Ricius Teck,"A beutiful game indeed, combining a touching story, with  marvelous graphics and an addictive game mechanic... Trully a must have."
,Recommended,236090,8409829,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Spector,"Do you like metroid-vania games with fun combo systems?  If the answer is yes, buy this."
76561198064527406,Recommended,236090,9181467,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TeeLight,"I've been wanting to play this game for quite awhile now. It was definitely worth the wait. I really enjoyed playing through this game from beginning to end.The best parts were definitely the exploration and the interaction of Dust and Fidget. I wanted to explore the world. Figure out where the nooks and crannies were. Everytime Fidget and Dust would start talking about something I knew I was in for a treat. For those two reasons alone this game is worth picking up.The gameplay is good. It isn't necessarily a stand out and it doesn't suck. It's just good. The combo system is pretty easy to pick up, though button mashing is a pretty good way to go half the time. Or just spamming Fidget's attack. One of the two. The flow of Dust's sword swings is what really makes the combat enjoyable. The animation for those is nice, and the speed of the attacks is quick enough to please.There are some faults to the game though. The character designs are on the bland side of things. The way they're drawn isn't terribly impressive either. Which is sad since the drawings during the final credits are very nice. If more of the drawing in the actual game looked like that it would be more pleasing. The plot of the game is kind of forgettable. It serves it's purpose and manages to pull a heart string or two, it just isn't going to blow any minds. Really the only thing I would say is a huge knock against the game is that Dust runs so freaking slow! I found myself spamming the dodge button so that I could get through screens a little bit faster. I wish they would have sped up his running speed.Really though this is a fun game and well worth the time and money to play it. I would recommend this to any friend that wants a fun game to pick up and play!"
76561198025315292,Recommended,236090,9207043,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Parn,A good platformer these days that isn't just a retro throwback or insanely difficult for the point of being insanely difficult is rare these days.  Dust gives you a solid platformer with RPG elements and a story that isn't anything fancy serves it's purpose. Also works without a controller just fine. Tight controls and fun gameplay ♥
76561198029214792,Recommended,236090,9210122,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,AerospaceCrab,"Great game, goog mix of rpg with good old fashion side scroller action. Beautiful artwork and a good sense of fun and humor. A must have game."
76561198127095922,Recommended,236090,9211640,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,chuckkari,I haven't been able to play it yetbut it is a extremely epic gameDust and Fidget rule
,Recommended,236090,9188625,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Newt,A fun experience. RPG levelling and upgrading (very simplistic as it is) with metroidvania abilities and a great artstyle and soundtrack. Gotta recommend you play this!
76561198048988147,Recommended,236090,5389981,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Faux,This is an amazing game! It has great gameplay a great storyline and its very beautiful. 9/10
,Recommended,236090,9188814,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,yokaipup,"One of the most satisfying combat systems out there with a challenging array of environments and enemies. Don't let the character designs put you off (a hearty blend of tween anime and anatomically devoid furries), because the rest of the game is beautiful and the gameplay keeps me coming back for more. It's a new favorite in my library."
76561198020573470,Recommended,236090,9196066,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,streetg850,By far one of my favorite hack and slash dungeon crawler style game. It has a great story and plenty of action to keep a hardcore player going for hours. I recommend harder difficulty for players who enjoy a challenge and love this style of games to.  It also has tons of replayability to find all of the hidden items and achievements.
,Recommended,236090,9269690,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,shanister,"On of the best games i've ever played. Great story, cool characters, really nice sidequests. It's just like reading a really good book.The different abilities that Dust gets during the game are really cool, and makes it even cooler to return to old areas, and rediscover them.The game is very well made, and everyone should play it."
,Recommended,236090,9275084,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,NGC Viivi,"Hands down one of the best single player games ever made. The story was fantastic, the combat was flawless and the challenge even on normal difficulty was intense. The art and the music of the game also left me in awe a majority of the time. If you are looking for a challenge I highly recommend it."
76561198078724300,Recommended,236090,9275964,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,The Chain Smoker,Pretty much what the major reviewers say.
76561198048685596,Recommended,236090,7426039,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,What's Up Doc?,Its so fun :D
76561198041432553,Recommended,236090,11668930,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Aarithian,"Wow, this game.One of the funnest beat-em-up games i have ever played.Interesting plot, amazing animations and combat, and the characters are all voiced.10/10, Highly recommended."
,Recommended,236090,1346767,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,JoeFu,"Simple, but really really fun combat. The game is kind of easy, but didn't make the game any less fun. Story is alright, very predictable, but whatever. Game is super fun to play."
,Recommended,236090,11676402,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DeusExMchna ʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔ,"This game is beautiful. I started it up looking for something to do and I got sucked in. Not because of the story, I mean it's fine and all but there were a few points where I went ""oh jeez, really?"". I love the combat. It's like, In Kingdom Hearts 2 during the 1000 heartless battle where you're fighting all those heartless? It just feels good because you're landing hits and it's just flowing and smooth and♥♥♥♥♥♥ That is the entire combat for Dust. It's so fun, I will replay it soon just to do it all again. I also love it because there are cages you unlock that have little indie characters from other games. You can sort of guess who it is going to be by the area right around the cage and I freaking love that.Also A+ Castlevania reference = wall chicken"
76561198051252622,Recommended,236090,5521725,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,rooSip,Have played this game on Xbox but only was a demo :( but i loved it such a good game. if you love side scrolling beatem up combo stuffs you will love this also such a beautiful game and the sound track is amazing love the gane i give it  TEN OUTTA TEN
,Recommended,236090,11508587,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,RockTobias,- Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a good game 10/10!
76561198064586532,Recommended,236090,12027719,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Blkik,"I have years to play such a well designed 2d game. Its an excellent platform game with amazing cartoon graphics, rpg elements and beatiful story. Has a lot hours to play, enough enemies to beat and lots of treasures to dicover"
,Recommended,236090,12031161,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,sneakFlav0r,Wow this game is so fantastic! The gameplay is very much fun and the story is just beautiful. I nearly cried at one point.The graphics are also very nice and the english speakers <3 Best game ever!
76561198081837311,Recommended,236090,12031278,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,diebenacht,This is a really great game.  It was the first game that I enjoyed enough to actually go through and get all the achievements.  It's a pretty basic hack-and-slash game play and simple combos.  I really enjoyed the story line and slight plot twists that they fit in.  There are a lot of hidden areas and chests but most of them fit a simple pattern once you get used to it.  I would recommend this to anyone who just wants to kill a bunch of stuff without worrying too much about levels or effectiveness or combo moves.
,Recommended,236090,12031822,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ريښتين,"This game is amazing, but why? Tight as fu*k controls, controller or keyboard, I prefer keyboard. The port to PC is so good if you did not know it you would think that it came out on PC first anyway, tons of settings for a 2D game, and seamless mouse/keyboard to keyboard only transition. If you like brawlers, action RPGs (not Diablo clones), Metroid, Castlevania, fighting games, platformers, and anything in-between, this game should interest you. Now it is not perfect, but what is could be scene as wrong with it should not be an issue, the difficulty of the game is really off, its way to easy unless you play it on hardcore but then you will get destroyed until you play through it at least once, and even then when there is a world obstacle it will do about ¾ to ¼ of your health depending on your total HP. Also the story albeit not bad, its not like Bioware wrote it. I do not think that I need to tell you about the visuals seeing that you can just go and look on the store page for that. To top it all off it was programmed and the art was done by ONE guy."
,Recommended,236090,1291362,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,the spanish inquisition,best game i have played in some time
76561198091604584,Recommended,236090,11884378,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,murphdoch,"Thoroughly enjoying this great game so far.  I've only put it down so my gf doesn't kick my assPlaying on a Mac, I couldn't imagine playing without a controller.Only negative so far is that some of the voice acting, and NPC's are a bit too disney like for my tastes!"
,Recommended,236090,11906451,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,AaronThePugLord,"A beautifully crafted sidescrolling-platforming-rpg-slashemup game. The story is pretty generic but good, the music is great and the mechanics of the game is pretty decent and all of this is made by ONE GUY. IN FOUR YEARS. WOW.But there are a few things that I feel seems to be problems with this game.One, the loot and blueprint system. The drops from enemies are pretty ok at the beginning, but as the game progresses, you have the feeling of ' what the hell do I do with all these moneys and crafthing stuff!? ' If you plan to 100% this game, you'll find yourself collecting at least 100 copies for one loot item and your money is always above 30k, which btw is a lot.The combat is very fun and feeling of powerfulness(?) is great, but when you have the ability to stun an enemy at almost any given time, you're not playing as a hero trying to find his identity, you're playing as a GOD killing his subjects. The magic is so powerful you could have just stand there and spam the magic and everything would be dead in 20 seconds..unless you play hard mode. That would be 30 seconds. (=A=)Regardless, this doesn't change the fact that this is still a very decent metroidvania game, and again, it is made by ONE PERSON. I cant expect ONE game designer/artist to able to make a game stable without the helps of other programmers or even a team of developers.I think this game is wonderfully executed, and I would recommend buying it despite the cost.PS : Furries. Furries everywhere. If u mind about furries, DUN CARE ITS A GOOD GAME PLAY IT.8.5/10"
,Recommended,236090,11909165,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Lumi,"Side-scroller meets RPG in this adventure where you connect with the characters and their stories - some more complex than you might think at first.The game looks beautiful, landscapes really stunned me at times.It is pretty easy to play, although it can still brings some challenge if you don't grind and speed through the levels.Quite a short life if you just play through the basic story, but I recommend taking the time to do the side quests.A great game in my opinion, totally worth it !"
76561198063864555,Recommended,236090,11912128,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Rank1,One of the best hack n slash game ever play. Worth all the penny you spend with variety of maze and item hunting.Been playing non-stop for 12 hours and counting. Come with good visual effects and infinite combo. Recommend to those who like to play rpg hack n slash gamer.Rating 5/5 must have!!
,Recommended,236090,7501050,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"Excellent combat marred by uneven voice acting, a cliché plot, and frustrating platforming sections. Still worth a look as cutscenes are skippable, allowing for easy access to the satisfying combat."
,Recommended,236090,7799031,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Fredgerd,"The art is beautiful, the story and gameplay are decent. Certainly worth playing. Especially given this game was impressively developed almost entirely (everything but VA and music I think) by just one guy.The hardest difficulty doesn't pose much of a challenge until the last boss however, and even then its more an endurance match than anything where you just have to go as long as you can without making a mistake and getting hit by a stray attack, rather than having to reason out a strategy for the encounter. Also there was a level system for no apparent reason which tended to encourage grinding. Could still be interesting for speed runs though."
76561198048668742,Recommended,236090,5369732,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Lamoebikoe,"The best indie game or perhaps the best RPG in general I've ever played. The combat is extremely fluent and addicting, the music is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic, the storyline feels compelling throughout the entire playthrough and the characters are charming beyond belief."
76561198104034199,Recommended,236090,7805834,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Spirit Wolf,anyone who likes manga/anime should play this game.
76561198043803215,Recommended,236090,7809426,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Not so Innocent,This is one of the best games ever!
,Recommended,236090,7437417,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,FlutterYuu,This is such a beautiful game. Its worth the full price. The stunning artwork and gameplay. I'm playing on Hardcore and it just keeps me on my toes. Its just a very amazing game. Dust is such a confused character at first but is not like any other. His personality and style will make you remember him. Fidget is such a cute little girl. Sarcastic and charming. I'd hug her if there weren't a chance of her molling my face off. The story is so mezmorising and the world is just beautiful. Its much more than I thought it would be. If you have the money I suggest you get this game. Its just wonderful.
,Recommended,236090,2798987,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Rhomega,"A sidescrolling Action/RPG with excellent sprite work, beautiful scenery, and addicting gameplay.  Unique twist on the amnesiac hero storyline."
,Recommended,236090,508180,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Serphius,"Terrible voice acting and FurAffinity design, amazing gameplay. Probably the smoothest animation in a platformer out there today. Well worth the buy if you just skip most of the dialogue and go straight to slashing through things."
,Recommended,236090,1511220,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,lornlynx,"Absolutely fantastic Metroidvainia, a must play for every fan of the genre (as long as the cartoon-like art doesn't disturb you). Great mechanics with genuine enemy types are what makes the gameplay fantastic, there are not as many combos as in e.g. DevilMayCry but they work perfectly in harmony and there is usage for every single one. The animations and the art is also really great, extremely fluid and makes every flash game in comparison look just awful. There could be more work on the dropping system and the items, and the game is even on hard really easy for experienced players, but otherwise everything is perfect. Especially considering how well adapted to PC it is, even though it is an XBLA title is incredible. But I want more! It is a shame that such fantastic mechanics are over that fast, I really hope there comes a sequel, the gameplay is just incredibly addicting.One of the best games I've played recently!"
,Recommended,236090,1168004,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Gaskade,This game is one of the best 2D RPG's out there.
,Recommended,236090,1379700,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Von the Wat?,"A fascinating game indeed. Do yourself a favour and get it. Amazing hand-drawn graphics and cinematics, awesome voice acting, beautiful soundtrack and fun gameplay. The fairy tale story that will for sure captivate you until you finish the game.I'd go as far as to say that this game is second only to Bastion. Which, in my opinion is the best any game can do. Easily worth twice its full price.P.S. Also it has great references to a lot of older games. Just pay attention."
76561197969451188,Recommended,236090,355039,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"Very fun action rpg, with fun combat and beautifully hand drawn graphics. The quality of the game belies its small price tag. Definitely worth a look for anyone who likes action rpgs."
,Recommended,236090,6911234,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Mudkipmage,Great Story. great smooth game play
76561198036766730,Recommended,236090,8051260,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,The Doss Boss,"What a great game, if you haven't played this then you are wrong!"
76561197985797191,Recommended,236090,9229585,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,angel_arrow_maker,"One word springs to mind with this game and that is vibrant. Every aspect of this game; the characters, storyline, design and animation I would describe as vibrant. The gameplay is frantic but is well thought out as I find myself planning my moves and combos rather then it being a button mash of 'I can't remember what button does what'. The learning curve is done really well and I didn't find myself frustrated early on with the difficulty as I often do with this type of game.Although at first glance the plot may seem generic and recycled but when you add the voice acting it really enhanced the story. To even see this level of storytelling in this type of game is really rare and was choreographed extremely well; at no point did I want to just skip the talking to get to the game (unless I had died and only seen it moments before). This gives characters that emotional depth that you end up connecting with and taking away with you long after the game is over."
76561198047369650,Recommended,236090,9229868,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Fylak,"A very well done platformer/brawler. The art is all beutiful, and the story is interesting if not amazing. Definitly worth getting if you like the genera, probably worth getting if you dont care about the genera."
76561198062558873,Recommended,236090,6269401,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Mattico,-Jeu magnifique patte graphique très démarquée (dessins mains)-Histoire géniale-Pas cher-C'est bien!
,Recommended,236090,747991,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Citra,"Side scrolling metroidvania style combo based platformer. Good fun, well worth grabbing on a sale."
76561198017535678,Recommended,236090,9234909,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BluBomber,"This game was incredible. Fun, Metroidvania style gameplay with enough challenge and story to keep you going. I really keep meaning to go back and 100% this game."
76561198025382370,Recommended,236090,9392096,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Josecerber,"Cool indie game. The play style is similar to old Castlevanias. Good soundtrack, quite short story and really fun."
,Recommended,236090,4811658,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,..,There is basically nothing about this game that is not fantastic.
,Recommended,236090,8522080,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Jesus,THIS.
,Recommended,236090,10201765,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ardent321,"If you play games for the game play mechanics, then you might like this title. Dust: An Elysian Tail is a 2D platformer with a lot of somewhat simplistic fight system. The main character has a sword with a few basic combos. Fidget, the main character's companion provides spells. Spells can be combined with sword attacks for some powerfull combos. These are all unlocked as the story progresses. There is a leveling system with a max level of 60. Each level provides the player with a stat point to put into one of four stats (Attack, Defense, Fidget (magic spells), and Base HP). In my experience, leveling was pretty quick and did not require any grinding. The main character has equipment slots that can be filled with either store bought or crafted items. Currency is obtained by killing enemies and also by selling loot. The crafting system is unlocked at a certain point in the story, and blueprints for the items are randomly dropped by enemies. Enemies also drop the materials needed to craft the items. Once the player sells a material to the vendor, the vendor will start to stock that item from then on. This helps to avoid the need to farm materials.If you play games for the story telling, then you might like this title. The story begins with the main character having no memory of who he is. As the story progresses the player and the main character discover his identity and his relation to the ongoing conflict. I felt that the story was compelling and interesting up until the very end. The voice acting is done very well in my opinion, and I think that the dialog is great as well. Most of the characters were interesting as well.The world and character design in this title are very good in my opinion. The cartoon style is bright and colorful. Animations are quite good as well. Most of the enemies are non-humanoid monsters, and the few humanoid enemies are portrayed as being evil.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with this title."
76561197963067648,Recommended,236090,7973374,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sidonas,this game's great.
,Recommended,236090,7974598,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sgt. WantCuddles,"Newly added to my all-time favorites!  Gameplay is Metroidvania, very similar to Muramasa: The Demon Blade.  It is fantastically voice-acted and set with beautiful scenery that flawlessly transitions.  Casual difficulty is available for people who just want to experience the beauty and the story, while Normal and higher difficulties require use of the equipment, leveling, crafting/materials, and quest system - all of which are simple to use.  Combat moves are unfortunately few in number, but the wide range of enemy type and quick-thinking required to execute parries and to avoid getting hit helps avoid any monotony.  Game has a sense of humor but also plays genre straight.  Highly recommend!"
76561198071108814,Recommended,236090,7975274,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TheGreasedUpDeafGuy,Amazing game 9/10
76561198013513985,Recommended,236090,7976084,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tinker_Toy_Boy,I can't say enough about how good this game is.   Rich art and great voice acting just add polish to the smooth gameplay.  The controls and gameplay are easy enough and fun.
,Recommended,236090,7976310,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vinceras,"Very fun game with a great story line, music and voice acting."
,Recommended,236090,7976431,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Spoopy Snek ™,"Beautiful graphics, nice gameplay, characters that will stay in your head, beautiful animations and a good story!Perfect combination for a good game,Faustão approves"
,Recommended,236090,7976511,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,whens end of the line coming out,really really awesomely amazingprobably my new favorite indie game
,Recommended,236090,2989438,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,yamalight,"Well, that's pretty freaking amazing. Art style, music, atmosphere. Very awesome castlevania-style brawler with RPG elements.Plus, that was made almost completely by one guy. So, guy buy it!"
76561198043842806,Recommended,236090,7863490,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Salty Or_ange,"This game is fun, has excellent art, smooth as balls animations and silly fight mechanics that I adore. However the story is something we've all seen before and it's replay value is so low that I haven't played it since I beat it."
,Recommended,236090,7863652,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Danzo7,"If its even slightly your kind of game I recommend it. Really well done, and a lot of fun.Not all THAT challenging, so don't go expecting that. But you easily get your money's worth I say."
76561198098769324,Recommended,236090,7864162,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dr.Nick,It's ok. Get's a little repetitive after a while
,Recommended,236090,5583269,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Red,"I do not buy Indie games. But the moment I saw this game I knew I had to have it. The storyline in in depth, the characters are funny, the artwork in the game is amazing, The fighting mechanics leave your jaw gaping wide open and to top everything off - IT'S ALL MADE BY ONE GUY!"
76561198075614758,Recommended,236090,6800624,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,idontneedaname,Beautifully made game.
,Recommended,236090,7411177,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Lock,"Beatifull hand-painted style action game. It's silly story doesn't do it any good, but Dust gameplay and style more than compensate for it."
76561197993828847,Recommended,236090,1498438,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Memsys,"Wow. This game is just WOW!This game is so good I don't know where to start!The visuals will remind you of hand drawn cartoons that is because a large part of the silky smooth animations where drawn by hand!The music is good and fits incredibly well. The characters and their interactions are well done, the character will make you laugh and they will make you cry.The story might feel a bit generic at first but as you progress in the game it gets it's own thing going, the story is handled well and quite polished however you may not get all the answers you would expect.Gameplay is super solid! There are a good number of upgrades and combo's and it really plays as good as it looks. The only flaw is that it is a bit easy on normal difficulty good thing this game has ""tough"" and ""hardcore"" modes! For the people that are experts in games like these this game will not have much of a challenge.To think one man made this game, ONE man made a game that puts the big developers AAA games to shame, that's INSANE!And the price? €14... What a rip-off! This guy DESERVES more that that!If you are thinking of getting this game GET IT! You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,236090,3339220,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,KipishMK,10/10
,Recommended,236090,7396620,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Andru (Zoular),"Lovely game, beatiful fluoride colouring and animation. Game is pretty easy to pick up and play.Characters aren't to 'Furry' to turn you away, think of it as a classic Disney movie, they are witty and charming enough to give you a chuckle here and there. Really loved Fidget she's so adorable.Shame there isn't complex combo paths to put some death into the combat.Don't start the game on Normal go to Tough right away, or heck go a step behond if you want the challenge."
,Recommended,236090,7434948,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,VM | WolfieKun 天,"This is the greatest action-rpg you've never heard of, definitely worth every single penny. It's like a 2D platforming version of Kingdom Hearts"
,Recommended,236090,3153905,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Main Character,"Great story, amazing gameplay, fantastic backdropping and visuals that are very appealing to the eye, interesting but fitting character designs and a wide world to explore for a 2d platforming rpg game. I had such a blast with this game and I can highly recommend it to fans of platformers and/or rpg's."
,Recommended,236090,7895032,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,a jam jar,"Very good game by any standards, downright amazing that a single guy pretty much made the entire thing itself. Story and voice acting is a bit meh, and character designs are kinda simple, but everything else is gold.Oh, and just to get this out the way - yes, it has anthromorphic animal characters in but no, there's no creepy furry stuff."
76561198015166636,Recommended,236090,2962400,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Jaina,"Fans of 2D platformer RPGs will find this game scratching itches they'd forgotten they had.Storyline is just a touch generic (Isn't it always?), but it's told in a beautifully animated world by flavoursome and wonderfully voice acted characters, featuring plenty of humour along the way. Then the serious moments only seem all the more well done when you take a step back and realise how light-hearted and silly so much of what surrounds them can be.Combat and items don't shine nearly as much, yet they're both robust enough to get the job done without feeling too mindlessly repetitive. Especially with the multitude of secret items and areas to come back for when you unlock your next key ability, which alleviate most of the grindy feel of the inevitable bits of backtracking.Like most modern games, the length is nothing on the classics of old. But the price reflects that. So even though it won't last you as long as you'd hoped, fans of the genre should find it well worth the money."
,Recommended,236090,1015713,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,梅喧無用!,This game will make you into a furry!
76561198029949799,Recommended,236090,8687844,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,CorusDracos,"Dust: An Elysian Tail... Where to begin? Funny, simple combat system, awesome characters, amazing storyline... I saw one comment that describes it well, ""Dust isn't a game that needs a sequel, it DESERVES one."" I eagerly await the sequel that I hope is coming."
76561197971220644,Recommended,236090,8689747,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Eladria,"Dust is a beautiful, clever, fun game. Simple 2D action, wrapped around by a gorgeous art style and a wonderful story. I've been driven to complete it as much by that tale as by the gameplay itself. The writing is snappy and quick, and though the story itself feels somewhat old, it takes a new twist on things and presents it fresh.The gameplay is complex without being complicated, though I do wish that I'd grabbed some of the new techniques sooner. The Double-Jump that is CLEARLY coming waits an almost criminal amount of time to show up. The backtracking is minimal, but there are lots of secrets to be found.This is a wonderful game, and I can't say enough. The last game I felt this strongly about was Bastion (Spoiler: The Kid makes a Cameo appearance) and I think Dust is every bit as good. Buy this, when you can."
76561198031760115,Recommended,236090,8690299,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ZeruZeru,"The voice acting in this game is unbelievably amazing! I bought the game when steam was having a sale on it but if I knew how amazing it was I would have gladly paid full price! All the animation is beautifully done, deffiantly the best i've ever seen in an indie game and the combos you can do in game are amazing and very diverse! My favorite part so far is how every character you meet in game as such amazing characteristics and they're not treated as simple ""side characters"".I don't care what kind of games you normally play, you'll probably fall in love with this game. <3"
76561198006601048,Recommended,236090,8690434,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,neoknux_009,WHOA! Blew my mind what amazing detail in the 2d art with the effects and light! Solid combat! Just played but cant wait to keep going
,Recommended,236090,3140440,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,[LoLizon] Loli Loli,Incredible game with fantastic ground-and-aerial-combos that will take your breath away. Good storyline and beautifully drawn artworks for landscape and characters. Mysterious. Worth paying the money for this worthwhile game!
,Recommended,236090,8704818,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,grinnbearit,"While the story is kinda corny, the gameplay and art style make it a joy to play"
,Recommended,236090,8707575,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,✪TheDankestPoose,This game is a must buy for anyone who likes hack and slash games. The combat is fast paced and doesn't get stale. The story isn't the best in the world but still interesting. 10/10.
,Recommended,236090,8708410,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wratho,"This game is incredible. I loved the story line, the graphics, just everything."
,Recommended,236090,7565027,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Lifestream,"Excelente!Un gran juego, encantador de principio a fin.Muy buena historia, asombrosa jugabilidad, personajes unicos, cargado de muy buenos momentos de humor, tristesa, alegria y triunfo...Jueguenlo en dificilExcellent!A great game, charming from start to finish.Very good story, amazing gameplay, unique characters, full of very good moments of humor, sadness, joy and triumph ...Play it on tough"
76561198088341469,Recommended,236090,8710225,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Cronkanator,"At first when I played the game I was very sceptical because I got the game for five dollars on a steam sale. but as I kept playing I started to enjoy it. The art was amazing, the story was very good and I enjoyed it, the gameplay was smooth side scroller and a beat em' up type but not too easy, and last but not least I loved the soundtrack, it was amazing! each place you unlocked had diffrent backround music and each one was very cool. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun single-player game."
,Recommended,236090,8624023,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kampy*,"If you're anything into this genre then you must get this game. It's amazing. Fighting is so much fun, the graphics are awesome and the story is good too. Must get."
,Recommended,236090,8625486,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,♔ Regular Tetragon,"This is a fantastic game, I'd say I'd put it in my top 5 if I had to. The combat is what really makes this game, and although it starts off easy the difficulty spikes about half way through the game. For $14.99 there's really no excuse to not own this game with its beautiful art direction, interesting characters, and a combat system which matches, if not exceeds AAA titles. Buy this game goddamnit!"
76561198056168607,Recommended,236090,8627454,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,KimbaWLion,"I tend to like games with a story and background, Dust has an awesome ones. The more you progress the more you learn about yourself and your lost memories. There are some minor things with me as the maps only shows you a general area where the treasures are at and some other things you learn along the way. But the fluid animation and fighting, the story and the way it's shown just draws you in deeper. You want to get to end to have all your questions answered, you want to beat your enemies and get reach your goals. As has been stated there is not a WHOLE lot of replay but you enjoy the entire trip and that works for me!"
76561198116124482,Recommended,236090,8627712,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ballsy,One of the best games with a beautiful graphic design and great combat system and a amazing story. A good buy.
76561198039108757,Recommended,236090,11904290,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Captin,"This was absolutely on par with Aquaria in terms of enjoyment and styling, I think it shares some of the same voice actors as well. The animation, voice acting, and art direction here were fantastic for this genre of game.Combat and story share a space here, and neither is lacking. Actions and controls are smooth and the combos are good fun once you get the mixture right. One of my favorite gameplay mechanics was the companion who acts as a catalyst to your specials. This really made the fights chaotic.Overall the game holds up for any age group above the rating, it remains cheerful and light hearted regardless of the combat focus. The only downfalls I really noticed here were some of the confusing travel options and getting lost in the map. The art style combined with some of the more ""childish"" personalities can make sections of the storyline unfitting for the age rating."
,Recommended,236090,11941559,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The Tofu Car,"Introduction:I am a huge fan of the metroidvania genre, and Dust: AET is probably one of the most top-quality platformers out there, and the fact that this masterpiece was crafted by a single person makes me amazed, since this has one of the greatest art styles of any metroidvania game.  This review may contain spoilers, but I'll make sure that I won't include a lot.The Pros:+ The artstyle.+ The easy-to-understand mechanics.+ An interesting plotline.+ You have a sidekick that can get new abilities, just like you.+ The music adds drama to every moment in the game.+ The difficulty is challenging, but not impossible.+ An interesting set of characters.The Cons:- There are some moments in the game that makes you want to throw your controller across the room.- There are some spots early on that you cannot pass unless you get a certain ability that appears later on.Neutral Ground:Nothing.Rating: ★★★★★ 5/5Explanation:I really like the fact that they added RPG elements into a metroidvania-styled game, yet they still kept the zing of the genre.  The cons are only minor complaints, but there can be a difficulty spike in some levels, in it requires a lot of backtracking.  None the less, this game is a masterpiece, and should be enjoyed by all platforming fans.  If you can't get this version, there's an Xbox version of it, so it's a win-win for PC and Console gamers."
,Recommended,236090,11941639,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FelipeFerrao,Wonderfull!Easy and fast peaced gameplay covered by an captvating historyline.
,Recommended,236090,11921285,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,cchronius,Awesome game.
,Recommended,236090,11924937,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bolo,"100% recommended, easy combat system, craft system, in general easy mechanics, great story, a combination of comedy, tragedy,etc..the personality of characters makes the game inmersive.go on try it."
76561198079730701,Recommended,236090,11925070,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,GalaxyZero,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a beautiful and touching brawler/rpg and hack and slash fusion where he wakes up in a forest to find his true vision and find out what his purpose is and who he really is. The game mechanics are amazing, every hit you make counts and it's one of those no matter how OP dust can be with his abilities this game still offers challenge on the normal or easiest difficulty. The AI is very smart in this game and these enemies actually know what they're doing for once. The characters are mixed with all sorts of emotion from angry, to happy, to sad and confused and more. Another matter is is that the conversations between Dust and Fidget are very comedic at times and you'll completely fall in love with how well done it is. Do I recommend it? Absolutely. 10/10 for being one of the freshest breaths of air in the hack and slash genre since Devil May Cry and God Of War."
,Recommended,236090,11925509,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Twilight,best 2D hack and slach beat em up ever
,Recommended,236090,11926524,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[₪] Dusk-Argentum,This is a great game! I love it! 9.4/10!
76561198060994164,Recommended,236090,10933638,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Effra,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is amazing! I loved it and I enjoyed every moment when I played it.In this game, we play as Dust who doesn't remember anything. With Ahrha, a talking and magic sword, and Fidget, a cute nimbat, the three will go on a journey together, fighting monster all around. And so... Dust's quest has begun. The story is quite interesting, especially near the end and the truth is revealed.As for the game itself, that's a good 2D platform game, and we explore beautiful and mysterious places. The music in this game is fantastic, it's just... So beautiful! I especially love the music in the glade, the first place we explore after the intro. There are also many sidequests to do, and we can get many rewards like item, money and experience. Battles are pretty neat as well, using your sword and combining your attacks with Fidget in order to crush your ennemies. Think it's possible to get a combo of 1000? Well, we some training and skills, it's definitely possible. There are also some challenges and many treasures to find, so, it you love exploration, go ahead and enjoy the music and background while you're exploring. There are many references and cameos from various others games.As for the difficulty, well, I played the game twice, once in the normal difficulty and once in the hardest difficulty. Difficulty is quite reasonable though, in the hardest difficulty, it was challenging and I died a few times too. So, this is good somehow, it's not too easy, not too hard, that's perfect.Now, the game is more or less short, only five chapters (with a prologue) and four bosses. But there are many places to explore and many sidequests to complete as well. Hmm... I have the feeling the game miss something, I kinda wish they were more somehow, I don't know what does it miss though. Oh well... And who knows? Maybe we'll have a sequel and I wouldn't mind at all. Anyway... I'll definitely recommend to play this game! ^^"
76561198067027155,Recommended,236090,10934285,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chopsaurus,Awesome Game Must Buy!! :D
,Recommended,236090,10934356,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yamanu,"Addicting. The score fits perfectly with every moment in the game in a way I rarely hear! The audio overall is far above many of thise genre. As for the game play it is simple yet varied with a certain amount depth that keeps you looking at the clock and say ""just one more..."" The story play a big role here too. I certainly want to find out next and the funny thing is the whole thing casts a wide net for target audienceHighly recommend this game for all those out there enjoying a relaxing, engergized,  and engaging side-scroller with an RPG twist."
,Recommended,236090,10638679,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zeppy,"Some of the worst ♥♥♥♥ing voice acting I've heard in my life. It's like C.W.C went into voice acting and decided to try to voice every charcter in Sonichu.Also, furries.At least the gameplay is good and the backgrounds/models are pretty."
76561198070804711,Recommended,236090,10640292,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mishli,"A breath of fresh air in a swamp of fps games. Dust goes a bit more old school with side scrolling hack and slash and some metroidvania/rpg elements. The game is simple but immersive. Even though there's only 6 or so different combos i never found them getting stale. Visually the game is stunning with both the sprites and backgrounds being very well done.It's not the most groundbreaking tale you've ever heard, there's a lava level, an ice level, a forest level, etc, however the story and the world really keep you going. The characters and plot really kept me going, because I really enjoyed the world as it was revealed around me. Well worth it at 15$, While this tale may be done, I can't wait and hope that another one is in the works."
,Recommended,236090,10643415,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Starries™,Amazing game! The art is the best I've ever seen. The gameplay is complicated yet really simple to learn and get into. I have 114% completion and just need that last 1000-hit combo to finish!
76561198062791965,Recommended,236090,10626217,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fett-S1,"Dust is a great take on the RPG. The 2D platforming style is really great and it just feels smooth and right. All the art in this game is just absolutely gorgeous, from the background to the characters. The gameplay itself is very smooth and flows togethers perfectly. Additionally, the music for this game is just as beautiful as the art is."
,Recommended,236090,10626653,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FreyaAsikari,"Fun game. Loved the anthropomorphic animals. It had it's challenging moments, but all-in-all was pretty straight forward. Interesting story line with twists and turns. The timed mini games are super difficult, which made that part not so enjoyable. As long as you stay away from those (frustrated and rage quit on them), you should be good to go."
76561198052969087,Recommended,236090,10627968,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deez,"If you like clean visuals and amazing art animation and a great story, look no further. This metroidvania action platformer excels in storyline, characterisation, voice-acting, puzzles, and animation. Definitely worth the list price. Satisfaction guaranteed."
,Recommended,236090,10628554,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LordThanos23,I love this game it is so beautiful.  And the controls are intuitive and easy to pick up. Games with a timed fighting system in my option are fantastic because every time you block and counter it leaves a confidence boost!
76561198097585256,Recommended,236090,7254678,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Kisushi,Amazing gameplay and story.
,Recommended,236090,10631060,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Noche Webcomic,"Rating - 4.5/5Art - 4.5/5Story - 3.7/5Gameplay - 4.5/5Dust is without a doubt a great must play game. If you are ever inspired to create your own video game, and if you're an artist like myself, then Dust will without a doubt inspire you.Hopefully I can make a Noche Comic Series game that's as good, if not better, than Dust.The game and story are very simple, yet rather enjoyable.While The leveling up is nicely paced (or maybe because I'm always pressed for time I felt it was).You will enjoy playing from start to finish."
,Recommended,236090,10631498,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Broknwings,Cute and Fun game. Easy to understand and fun to play through.
76561198036811757,Recommended,236090,10635942,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,XakonXIV,"This game is sheer 2D action perfection. Beautifully detailed hand-drawn sprites and backgrounds, a powerful musical score, involving story and characters and of course great gameplay. A wonderful combination of classic metroidvania exploration and fluid fast paced swordplay with tons of interesting abilities and tactics that open themselves up to the player as the game proceeds. All these things combined, this might just be one of my all-time favorite 2D action games of all time. And coming from me, that's saying something.Do I recommend this treat of an experience? Hell yes."
76561197994402595,Recommended,236090,10636166,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gevas,"Initially I was worried about about the character scale (he takes up a lot of the screen), but these guys made it work really well. The movement is at a great pace, and enemies have enough health that while you can't just blast through them, you're also not just wailing on meat dummies for hours.Really well balanced game, recommended."
,Recommended,236090,10636813,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ikey1555,awesome
76561198126543641,Recommended,236090,10637490,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rnash31,"Attractive artwork, appealing gameplayA side-scroller without completely flat terrain is one thing to appreciate. Another is the fantastically drawn artwork put into this game's scenery.I hate spoilers of any kind, but the story line was well written and is given a little flexibility. As well, the RPG elements in the game keep it interesting and maintain the playabilty."
76561197971029879,Recommended,236090,10630087,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Trinidad,Star Faux.
76561198067572864,Recommended,236090,10814182,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,kittytoast,A fairly long game with an interesting story (played on normal). Characterization and development was well done for the length of the game. Gameplay is straightforward though I found myself ignoring many of the potential combos and generally cheesing it. The characters and backgrounds of the game are beatifully done and small environmental interactions (like trees moving when you blow past in a wind tunnel) drew me in and brought it to life. I thought the voice acting was skillful. Overall this game was awesome and a lot of fun.
,Recommended,236090,10794400,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Roegadame,"It's a game about a flying ninja squirrel(?) with an animation style that's kind of remniscent of Don Bluth. The music and environments are beautiful. The script can be a little corny, but it comes out way more charming and amusing than grating.But the most important part - it's fast-paced and actiony and FUN! I recommend this game to absolutely anyone with any interest in the genre."
,Recommended,236090,8697704,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,dandroid213,"I'm working my way thru a second time on hard and man...The story is sad in such a great way. And the art makes you feel the emotions to the story so much more. Fidget is pretty funny for a sidekick, a great change of pace from some of those overly 'helpful' ones.This game is one great example of a good platformer. Responsive, quick to reward, quicker to punish. The combo system is great and snappy. A simple but useful equipment system.I still have a fair amount left to go for 100%, but I'm pushing for it since this is such a fun game to play."
,Recommended,236090,7660452,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Bruno,Super fun platformer! Can't wait for the next one!
76561198025701066,Recommended,236090,8699562,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,a//_$,"Dust: An Elysian TailIf you dare to adventure yourself into this game, you did one of the best things in your gaming life.The game starts  showing the scenary with gorgeus drawn graphics, one of the best i've ever seen, especialy in indie games, then it presents you the main character, Dust, found in the middle of the forest, not knowig who he is or where is he from. Shortly you find a crazzy little creature called Fidget, who will become your partner and help you fight countless mosnters along  your way. The basic are shown and you're set off to one epic tale, in a world ruled by animals, with all its problems, and you, it's solution.The gameplay is quite simple, a hack-and-slash side-scroller where you're able to make HUGE combos with good timing and manuverability. By mixing this two elements in combat you will find yourself challanged in the higher difficulties and pleased in the lower ones.But the combat isn't the only thing your will came a cross all the time, you'll face plataforming and easy puzzle solving maps to get some chests and other bonuses a long with a master piece of a soundtrack. For each region, for each boss, for each conversation, there is a music that gives you the chills, making you feel like your living the moment your seeing.Finally, the story, from the misterious beginning to the revealing end, you'll be trapped in a plot-twist adventure that keep pushing you forward to discover your true self.A game worthy of a true 10/10 Dust...."
,Recommended,236090,8700316,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,TheGameKnight,"If you like fast paced gameplay and Metroidvania style exploration and upgrade systems you'll love this game. With an interesting story, vibrant and detailed levels, fantasticly voiced cutscenes with charming characters, and even some fully animated scenes, Dust is a very polished game especially for an independent studio. Fidget goes in my books as one of my absolute favorite video game characters period."
,Recommended,236090,8701226,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lunaretic,It's like Odin Sphere meets Devil May Cry with a dash of Metroid exploration.
76561198003008930,Recommended,236090,8701475,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dead Stuffing,"Fun and amazing controls. Only took me 10 hours, really cool environment's and doesn't get boring."
76561198001462923,Recommended,236090,8701535,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tenga,"A beautiful game in all aspects.Graphics, Sounds, and Gameplay are all polished and very well delivered.When you consider the majority of the work was all done by a single person it is even more impressive.The only regret I have is that the game sat in my library unplayed for almost a year."
76561198058290205,Recommended,236090,8702218,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Fate/Stay Meme,great fun and beautiful
,Recommended,236090,8702692,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wolfmor,"Just finished playing and all I can say is...This game... This game... let me take a moment to gather my words so they're not ""Dosn daowndnaowdndsdn"" (In a good way)This game will make you laugh, cry, cheer, challenge you and scare you.  Do not let the appearance of it fool you, it's a well made Heavy Action RPG (a REAL RPG, not that crap you see every game have as a title) with smooth combat and likable characters like Fidget, a flying ... cat... thing.This game is like a good book, it will be remembered by me always.  The ending gave me chills"
,Recommended,236090,8710950,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bozzy,"Great game with awesome combat that feels really varied especially considering you only have 1 weapon, the art design is beautiful, the writing is great, cant say alot for the story yet but its looking food so far and shockingly good voice acting for an indie game, even the unimportant npcs are voiced perfectly nobody is annoying, surprised by this game, its great :)"
76561198073351897,Recommended,236090,8713527,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Renegade Demon,"This is one of the most well written games I have played in a while. It helps that it has a solid art style and a very unique setting. I did have some issues with some of the game mechanics, but it is nothing really game breaking if you get used to them. The side quests are both a bit hard and entertaining, and they have pretty good rewards for effort, but the main story is stellar. I had some feels at the end of this game. Very many feels. I actually needed the feels bucket."
76561198025331844,Recommended,236090,8713547,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,GamerShu27,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is quite the game.  On the surface, it's a very standard side-scrolling action game.  But underneath, is a game with a story that is sure to keep you enthralled.  The characters are all likeable, the environments are gorgeous, levels are bright and colorful, and the soundtrack is amazing.  I would highly recommend this game, to any and all gamers out there.  Enjoy!"
76561198042769273,Recommended,236090,4877107,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,nevris,It has an amazing story and is easily my favorite indie game of all time.
76561198074654536,Recommended,236090,8715262,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,leftsideoverhere,"Gentle, colourful, engaging fantasy - a perfect time-sink. Dust:AET is probably not a game for hard-core gamers, but is pretty close to perfect as family entertainment. Cute characters, whose sweetness is tempered by a little sarcasm, and scenery that is distinctive without ever becoming a distraction (except in the wind-swept snow-bound mountains where, you know, it's supposed to be a distraction). The combat is easy enough to pick up, and while there are combos and techniques to improve your performance, the game responds well to frantic button-clicking, which will presumably make it attractive to a wide age and skill range. If you want precision targetting and multi-key attack algorithms you're going to be disappointed, but if you like the sound of thousands of enemies dropping gold and goodies almost every time you swish your vorpal blade than you're going to be a very happy gamer indeed."
,Recommended,236090,8717529,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Chilly Errmac,"This game is everything an indie game should be. Great story, simple combat, easy to use crafting system, all in all a VERY good game. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for one of the best indie games I have ever played."
76561198004731751,Recommended,236090,8674131,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Asylvus,"The best side scroller I've ever played. For a PC port, it's very well done, amazing soundtrack, and very fluid combat. Cutscenes are a little laggy, but that's my computer's fault, not the games. <3"
76561198048155467,Recommended,236090,8674213,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rubyyoshi,"Honestly, Dust: An Elysian Tail is an amazing game. The artstyle of it is very unique and the gameplay is smooth. The story is very engaging as well. There isn't much back and forth unless you decide to try and fully beat the game. Great game for people who like platformers and the beat-em-up styles of games."
76561198103368499,Recommended,236090,10779336,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,alexis.michaud666,simply amaysing beautifull game
76561198080251284,Recommended,236090,10780257,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,shadowofpi,"For an Indie game from a new developer, nay, for any developer... This game was fantastic! The art was inspiring and original. The voice acting was perfect for the characters and very well done. The music added feeling in all the right ways. And by the gods was the story original. It kept you on the edge of your seat, unsure of what would happen, unsure even of whether or not your favourite character would survive."
76561198042581936,Recommended,236090,10785973,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Some fucktard,"For fans of flashy, high-speed, low skill combat with a solid story.Makes you feel like a badass sword-swinging warrior without making you memorize combos and stuff,Replayability is meh."
76561198041639921,Recommended,236090,8371903,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Actual Cannibal Shia LaBeouf,"Some of the audio dialouge is a bit messy but the gameplay is great, world looks fantastic, characcters are great. Can't say enough good things about it."
76561198044037884,Recommended,236090,10740289,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NobleBushi,"The hands down, best playing, most beautiful, smoothest, balanced challenge and playable platform RPG EVER!!! take it from one who remembers sidescrollers coming out and saw the evolution of them. BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,236090,744706,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Kementh,"Wonderfully Drawn and animated, Lovable characters, and solid gameplay make this I'd consider this a worthwhile purchase at twice the price.But do yourself a favour and make sure you have a Gamepad to get the most out of it."
,Recommended,236090,10672997,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Iristedeu,"TL;DR Verdict: A solid recommendation! Pick it up!While about a 10-20 hour game (Main vs Completionist), Dust offers plenty to do for the duration and offers a fun and acrobatic combat system in a visually impressive Metroid-vania esque frame. It's short in that good way where it doesn't overstay it's welcome, and the journey itself is a great one with a high amount of polish not seen by many indie developers. An Elysian Tail also exceeds at offering just enough for both sides of the coin to make it a solid recommendation for most any action/adventure (with light-rpg element) players.Price: $15 is a completely fair for this game given the amount of content and how well polished it is. On a sale it's a steal.Pros:The biggest strengths of this game are it's very fluid animation and bright visuals (especially so given the modern brown and grey tones most games are plagued with) and a combat system that is easy to get a grip on.It rewards those who backtrack to find older inaccessible areas with gradual upgrades to make fighting the hordes of enemies significantly easier, but doesn't require it. This gives completionists something to do, while people who prefer to charge ahead to the end can do so without too much punishment.The upgrade/crafting system is also very rewarding, and helps to give meaning to running back through areas hunting for components. Those that hate ""farming"" can utilize the merchant to give you the components you need over time.Multiple difficulties are available, so if you find the game is not challenging you enough, you can always switch over to a different difficulty. (Note this is not a menu option, it seems to require starting over.)Cons:If you are expecting a grand and epic tale like you've never heard before, you may want to look elsewhere. While the story is far from awful, it is rather by-the-numbers and few will be surprised by it's twists. Think of it as a solid summer animated film in terms of story quality.Your mileage may vary on some of the main characters. I will say that from a story and flow persepctive, each character fits in nicely and none of them ever seem redundant, however if you do not particularly care for one of them, the number of voiced cutscenes may be irksome."
,Recommended,236090,10673588,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CitrusCyanide,"The art in this game is gorgeous; everything is beautiful, bright, and stunning. There are moments throughout the game where you stop what you're doing just to look at the background and take everything in. It sets the stage for everything else and makes all other aspects of the game that much better. The fighting style is great for the 2D side-scrolling; it’s smooth and easy to learn. I had a lot of fun with both the regular battles and the boss battles. The storyline is interesting and the characters are nicely designed and interesting as well.The game has a decent amount of play time when you combine the main storyline and side quests and even has a harder mode that you can do if you’re looking for a challenge. All in all I enjoyed every minute and would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,236090,230001,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Sneaking Away Slowly,"Decent voice acting, music and rpg elements for a side scroller.  The combat isn't overly complicated, reminds me a lot of like a cross between metroid and castlevania."
76561198016508833,Recommended,236090,10679943,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HiFidelity,"This game is incredibly goregous. Characters are cell animated remincent of a 90's Disney Cartoon and the overall level of detail is incredible. All Characters are all also 100% voice acted. The gameplay is very fun, it plays like many 90's platformers but with a lot cooler attacks and goregous visuals.  The only potential downside of the game is that it can be cheesy at times but that only adds to the overall nostalgic feeling of the game.9/10"
76561198017532570,Recommended,236090,10681119,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kahuna,Dust: An Elysian Tail is an awesome metroidvania with a great artstyle and game mechanics. Definitely worth a buy if it's on sale.
,Recommended,236090,338632,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,DemonMonkeyXIII,Designed and developed by ONE guy over the course of 5 years. This Metroid-vania game was pretty fun and highly recommended. Some RPG elements and good voice acting.
,Recommended,236090,10884441,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ohhnoes,Very good Metroidvania-style game. Artwork is hand-drawn and amazing.
,Recommended,236090,1628763,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,SewerCider,Such a cool game. Worth every penny!
76561198113228502,Recommended,236090,10888715,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Taikaiharu,"Dust does a lot by keeping it simple. The story is engaging and the entire 'world' is successfully created with the use of detailed backgrounds and characters. This game is truly beautiful and witty.Visuals: A fun art style that is unique and backgrounds that are breathtaking. I often caught myself going back through areas just to really see all of the details. My personal favorite location is Archer's Pass.Soundtrack: Fun, upbeat and simple. Never takes away from the gaming experience.Story: Engaging and interesting. Luckily, Dust doesn't try to do too much. Everything really adds to the story. And I felt a sense of sincerity with the story which allowed me truly immerse myself into the story. I could just react to what was happening instead of trying to predict what was going to happen. Big thumbs up for that!Combat: Easy to pick up, fast paced and really addicting. I loved how one could 'fly' through combat. A good variety of enemies that required a bit of strategy and always kept with the theme of the area.Stages/Area Design: Well thought out. Puzzles were always unique and fun to figure out. Dust also makes a good use of the items they introduce- using flower bombs as weapons and light sources.Side quests/notes: Simple notes brought an extra challenge and allowed you discover more of the stage.Overall, a lot of fun and easy to get into! :)"
,Recommended,236090,10858631,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Balls Deep In Awful,"I haven't finished it yet, but I can safely say Dust is a really good game. It feels like an interactive Disney movie, but with more fighting and less sugar-coating. Animation is good, art is good, controls are fantastic... probably the only thing that I can say is that the voice acting is a little iffy. Regardless, though, this is the best game I've played that was made almost entirely by one guy. Also, nimbats are adorable.EDIT: Just finished it. Story's pretty okay."
,Recommended,236090,8109891,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,(444)wendigo599,love the game it made me cry ;-;
,Recommended,236090,8118428,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MrGeo,What a game...awsome gameplay...fantastic story...extra perfect battlestyle...had a great time with it! I recomend it to anyone (especially anime and manga lovers...)
,Recommended,236090,8119167,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,indienerd,"Finished the game and if you like to finally play the Disney Beat'em up that will keep you glued to your gamepad while leveling up your character and trying to build up to that 1000 combo attack, then this is the title you really should get yourself.I already owned it on Xbox 360, but the PC version looks better I think. Do not forget to up the video quality in the settings, it will make the characters look much better in conversations."
76561197963456040,Recommended,236090,8120707,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,drekmonger,"An excellent game, well worth playing."
,Recommended,236090,8122177,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,C S P G T P 2,"Great, fun beat em up with beutiful graphics and no blood whatsoever."
,Recommended,236090,8123523,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,snintendog,A great answer to your Metroidvania needs Fully voiced and Dem Graphics!
,Recommended,236090,8123701,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,PonyVoice,SO GOOD
76561198032079890,Recommended,236090,8124124,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Make America Grate Cheese Again,"Support the Indy game industr and treat yourself! A really fun combat system that has you going for big combos is the highlight. It is challenging enough that you have to pay attention but not so difficult that it's frustrating. The art is beautiful, and what starts off as a very typical fantasy tale starts to take some interesting and dark twists. This is HIGHLY recommended. On Steam sale this is under $4, there is no reason not to give it a try!"
,Recommended,236090,8126378,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,moOx,"soooooo good and enjoyable, just worth every $"
,Recommended,236090,8127388,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Eddie,A very good action RPG game with immersive and humourous voice acting
76561198097152500,Recommended,236090,8127717,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,pikachusharingan,"Story is very intriguing, and the gameplay is solid.  I really enjoyed it.  Only complaint is that the game is so awesome it should have been longer, and maybe a few more combos in Dust's moveset.  Other than that, simply amazing."
,Recommended,236090,8128007,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Daihe,Well crafted. 11/10.
,Recommended,236090,8128442,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,GothamCityWebSlinger,"Bought this game on a whim after watching the trailer and was not disappointed. The story isn't super original, but the gameplay and visuals are great!"
,Recommended,236090,8129361,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Judaism,An incredible game with fluid and visceral combat and an excellent and unique art style 9/10
76561198027729809,Recommended,236090,8129760,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Asriel,Amazing game. Story is well written and combat is fluid.Don't misjudge this game because of the species of characters.Also Im pretty sure thats a bit racist if you do. :)
76561198055057709,Recommended,236090,5774775,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Aspencrown,"I've wanted to play this game for years, but lamented the fact that it was a XBLA exclusive title. Now that it's finally here, it has been well worth the wait!First off, I'll get my negative out of the way, that the animated conversation avatars look a little rough compared to the absolute stunning 2D beauty of the game. But since Humble Hearts is such a tiny studio (If I recall, this game was done with really only ONE person?), I'd definitely turn the other cheek towards this.But the good stuff? Fun characters, gorgeous worlds, and a combo-based combat system that will make you feel like a walking god (without being too OP).In a nutshell, if you like the idea of Castlevania and Odin Sphere being mashed together, then this is a game for you."
76561198087367924,Recommended,236090,8184134,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Mighty Matador,"Lemme tell ya why this game is worth playing with three catagories.Gameplay: 8/10The swordfighting is addicting, you have so many options and it's completely fluid. The only problem is that it can get a little repetetive in some spots. Platforming is great, you can't take fall damage and there's no bottomless pits of death.Story: 8/10 (No spoilers)It's way of telling the story is amazing. I'm not a fan of furries, but every character has a distinct personality. The amnesia aspect of your character trying to find out who he is was a bit overdone, but I think Dust pulls it off nicely regardless.Visuals: 9/10Holy hell, the entire game is one big pretty picture! The entire game is one giant landscape painting, it's beautiful in some places, and menacing in others. Dust's animations look like they were done by Hayao Miyazaki(creator of the movie Sprited Away, Ponyo, Howl's Moving Castle). Though all other characters are nicely animated during speech cutscenes, mostly other characters seem out of place with their animation, but I spent a couple of hours slashing away at things until I noticed.Cannot recommend enough!"
76561198028393150,Recommended,236090,8185822,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,kami-sama,an amazing game visually stunning fun fast paced combat great voice acting  only down side is i wish it was long but some could argue that this is a good thing this game is simply beautiful.
76561198038553944,Recommended,236090,4526918,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Isilidor0404,"Beautiful artistic design, excellent story, great voice acting, all developed by a single person over the span of four years. Coupled with a moving score and some excellent controlls, what more could you want? Indie gaming at its finest."
,Recommended,236090,8187875,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,h4xiom,Dust is a complete breathe of fresh air into the action/adventure genre. The visuals are vibrant and rejuvinating. But the combat is just as superb. Everything simply flows very well. This is indeed one of the best games I have played in awhile. Buy this game. Your only regret will be that you did not do so sooner.
76561198057226823,Recommended,236090,8189420,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Crimsonfox64,"I bought this game on a whim just looking at the trailer when it was on sale.OH DAMN this was way better than I expected. The combat, animation, and story are all amazing, and the controls are very fluid.9/10"
,Recommended,236090,8189941,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Muscle Moose,"Great, action gameplay and a great story. Game is really easy on Tough difficulty, but it picks up the slack after a while. Game is great, and very immersive. You become very attached to the characters presented in the game. The music is great, it adds so much to the atmosphere of the game. I took longer to complete the game than I should have just so I can enjoy the world a little longer. What a great experience. I highly recommend this game if you love deep story telling, and action platformers."
76561198016141515,Recommended,236090,7884138,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,UberGoober,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an excellent action game, has a good, but somewhat cliche'd story, and is a blast to play. The combat never felt unfair, there being an equal part strategy and skill involved in it. However, there were some frustrating bits of combat here and there. The only major thing that I have aginst the game is that some of the character profiles when you talk to them and also the cutscenes, aren't as good looking as the rest of the game, which is rather sad because the rest of the game looks amazing. With all that being said, I'd give it a 9.5/10 and a high recomendation."
76561198035817982,Recommended,236090,8012765,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Good News First,Beautiful.
76561198016580787,Recommended,236090,8013506,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Boggy,"Pretty good game overall, it's really fast paced but with a fairly low difficulty curve as you get used to the mechanics.My biggest problems are the character art and the voice acting, both complaints being pretty superficial and not taking a whole lot from the whole experience."
,Recommended,236090,7892773,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,つかさ,More then enough for that Price.
76561197997754115,Recommended,236090,8018585,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,mountveggie,"One of the best games of 2013! And that's something considering the lineup of incredible games we've had in 2013. Don't pass this gem by. Even at full price, it's well worth every cent."
76561198081124326,Recommended,236090,7436480,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Xtremius,Очень красивая игра!Very beautiful game!
,Recommended,236090,8020178,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Reizen,Dust is a great platformer game!The combo is amazing.. smooth and epic.I have a much fun and fully enjoy with this game.
76561198014326048,Recommended,236090,8426055,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BlackbirdFrost,"Fantastic game! Lots of action, great humor, fully voice acted, a fun challenge, and more longevity than 90% of the so-called ""AAA"" $60 games out there.One of my recent favorites."
,Recommended,236090,8426072,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Beanman,"Awesome game, to think it was all designed and drawn by the same person.I recommend this to all RGP or Platform gamers"
,Recommended,236090,7404210,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,The Cheat,"Smooth, fun game with surprisingly good writing. Worthy purchase."
76561198068465356,Recommended,236090,8426263,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Penguin,"Only just starting this game, and already it is awesome. Really fun game mechanics, and the the story is pretty engaging."
,Recommended,236090,8426405,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Twintail Kitsune,"Very enjoyable game, excellent art style, Combat feels really smooth and rewards people for being good without being punishing on those that arent, amazingly well done console port with everything you would expect for a PC version including full 1080p art assets and a large range of graphic, resolution and sound options. The sound and music really finalize a brilliant game."
,Recommended,236090,8429325,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pkoswald,This game is really fun.
,Recommended,236090,8429380,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lamyntas,"Awesome platformer with a good story, worth it."
76561198038826832,Recommended,236090,8430191,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dadmiras,Beautifully Awesome!
76561198054578595,Recommended,236090,8431019,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Prangy #Bustafatnut,"Brilliant game, buy now!"
76561198039193505,Recommended,236090,8431476,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Raven Lynx,"this game is awesome with smooth controls and and a combo chain combat system along with a great story with it, its a great game to get."
,Recommended,236090,8432476,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,bigmac02,Everything it claimed and very entertaining.
76561198026767962,Recommended,236090,11986496,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Furud,"If you like platformer/RPG games that are relatively short, have a good storyline, and are pretty to boot, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,236090,11987248,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,GoldenGlovez,"A wonderful experience, although a bit too easy even on the hardest of difficulties, it is definitely worth picking this one up!"
76561198030738784,Recommended,236090,11991412,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jeticus,"Fluid combat, awesome voice acting and most importantly FURRIES!!!!Seriously, the game is great. If you like Castlevania Symphony of the Night or Super Metroid this game is totally for you. The original full price (14.99) is a steal. It doesnt really have any replay value but thats ok, the first time through is a true treat and I can recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,236090,11973674,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Iceladen,Easily one of my top five favorite games.
,Recommended,236090,11973964,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Marchylls,"A truly marvelous game, you will laugh, you will cry and you will go WHAT.The gameplay isn't all that special, good sidescrolling with a nice combo system, some tricks you have to find out for yourself but most things are taught in the game.This game is mostly about the story which is well written and performed by the voice actors, although you do not have the large freedom of choice like in other games.All in all it is a game I can recommend and which I enjoyed."
76561198057302923,Recommended,236090,11974407,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Perfidy,"love this game. Dust is not in one of the genre that I typically play, but I still had quite a bit of fun playing it. The art is amazing. It is both unique and beautiful. The game play allows for an easy fun experience. My favorite part of this game is probably just how smooth the interface is. Kudos to the developers on that. I recommend playing with a controller. It's controller support is unprecedented. There's no having to set up the controls for controller support, or weird button layouts. It just work from the first second, and worked well. Definitely check it out."
76561198106049753,Recommended,236090,11963831,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Battybat,"Oh finally! This is a game I've been waiting for for a very long time. It combines my favorite bits of legend of zelda with RPG elements and some metroid like map crawling where you find abilities and items and craft things. I've been playing it so much and it was totally worth four bucks, but even paying a little more would have been fine. And I'm REALLY happy I can play it on my linux machine. Yay!!!"
76561198119692289,Recommended,236090,11964019,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,kissyface,"This game is beyond gorgeous and has amazing voice acting among other things like oh, you know gameplay! :)"
76561198093916249,Recommended,236090,18867191,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dukespookabuns,"Stunning art, loveable characters, unforgetable, story, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic music10/10 game"
76561198040691833,Recommended,236090,18866252,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Retr0spectre,"Very fun side-scrolling beat-em-up platformer that's beautiful to look at, with a surprisingly good story and above average voice acting. Also lots of fodder for furry art, which makes some people mad. Would cry at the ending and then stare more at Fidget's suspiciously curvy hips again."
76561198162943466,Recommended,236090,18876849,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,thetruJH2,A testament to why games I always believed were a form of art. This game right here was amazing and to think pretty much one man was behind it all just shows that with a vision and patience you can create something gorgeous. Dust reminded me of the older Disney movies by the design of characters but still had flaws and was in no means perfect. The story was fantastic and soundtrack fit the game perfectly. I never was one to say graphics make a game worth buying because honestly a game can look like pure perfection and be crappy. In closing I can say that this was my first game I played and beat on Steam and it made one great impression. Look forward to more work from this man in the future.
,Recommended,236090,4086410,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Dizzy Knight,"well done, fun,and cheap"
76561198045241564,Recommended,236090,8381127,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dr.Oktoberfest,"A game that is as fun as it is beautiful, I recommend to anyone who ejoys a game with a good story and solid metroid-vania style play."
,Recommended,236090,8381185,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Eldrants,Cool story and gameplay. i like riddles and hidden things. basically this is side scrolling action/hack and slash games. i think only the cutscenes (which rarely happens) were an eyesore. what year is it? lol
76561198096001120,Recommended,236090,10387463,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Shilodeath,this game is awsum its got a butiful scinary and good story but also funny
,Recommended,236090,6837314,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,nerowski,"This game is really, really high quality all around and should last several hours. I recommend playing on hardcore (or maybe the one before it) difficulty."
,Recommended,236090,8225294,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Matenka,"One Guy made this........WowGood Combat, Suprising Story.Buy this oneOh the soundtrack is good to."
76561198020918685,Recommended,236090,3329992,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Barney,"It is simply mind-boggling that one man with no previous programming experience made this game (the excellent voice-acting aside). Great, surprisigly touching story, neat platforming, a cool crafting system, nice combat - this game is deep. Well worth the money and worth finishing."
76561198019095716,Recommended,236090,12281123,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Train the Dragon,"A lot of fun, great story, neat mechanics, and a lovable cast of characters.  This is a game I can see people playing for hours on end.  I found it difficult to put this game down, and I still haven't found all the secrets.I can easily recommend this game to people who enjoy a good story, or a game that is a little different than what you're used to."
,Recommended,236090,11917249,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Little Wolf,"A fun addicting game.  Also, the idea of human animals, combined, wags my tail :D"
76561198047748513,Recommended,236090,12458866,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ImAEliteMedic,i love this very much nuff said
,Recommended,236090,11379161,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Xenochrist,"excellent 2d adventure game. fun combat, good story, excellent leveling system. highly recommended!"
76561198099446362,Recommended,236090,11379405,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Muze,"Beautiful, engaging, fun, family-friendly RPG.  Worth every penny.The hand-drawn graphics and art in this game are simply gorgeous, and the settings and backdrops do an excellent job of pulling you into the world.  This game appeals visually from the very start and never lets go with its amazing art and animation.The story is your typical ""save everyone from an evil guy hell-bent on world domination,"" but it has a fairly large story arc full of fun side-quests.  Speaking of side-quests, there are plenty to keep you busy.  Sometimes I'll play side-quests for hours before actually moving forward in the main story.  This game keeps giving because you have to re-visit locations multiple times as you unlock abilities and find ""unlock items"" allowing you to fully explore an area.IMHO, the combat system is very fun.  Very much hack-and-slash, but with strategy as well.  Timing your attacks and avoiding enemy attacks to get a long hit combo is very rewarding, both emotionally and in-game.  [NOTE:  I play with a controller, so this may not be the same with keyboard and mouse.]In the world of violent, gory, inuendo-filled adult RPG's in which we live, it's refreshing to see a very good game that I would let any child play.  The combat, dialogue, and story are all appropriate for any child over 10.This is a game that I would play over and over again just for the effect;  I promise you'll get dozens of hours out of it.  Quite simply, this is a very beautiful, very fun game."
,Recommended,236090,11380825,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Cynical Dragoness,"Dust: An ELysian Tail Review (MINOR SPOILER ALERT) My GOODNESS when to begin?! Well for starters this game is one of the most interesting and well developed single-player fighting games I have ever played. The graphics are astounding, the story is original, the quests are fun and there is a surprise around every corner. Secret areas include a retro version of the game in a maze format, a hour glass door which leads to an area where the features only move when you move and a series of gates activated by different crystals found throughout your travels where the ground generates as you walk along. The variety and diversity in the game kept me ocuppied for days upon weeks. I have but one complaint, it is so easy to lose your data by accidental overwriting of files or restoring your computer to previous versions. So far I have had to restart the game twice but I can't wait to fully complete it.Many thanks to the developers, Microsoft, Humble Hearts, Hyper Duck Sound Studios and everyone else who had imput to this game and the news that there will be a possible sequel in the future gets me exited to hear further details.Anime360, Over and out! :3"
,Recommended,236090,11376246,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,TripleDeeze,"While playing this game, it remineded me heavily of playing an anime, which is in no way a bad thing, since some of teh best stories  i know are from animes. Dust: An Elysian Tale is all in all a solid game. The story is succinct and cohesive and makes you feel an emotion or two, being acompanied by fidget and arrah to discover who dust truly is. The combat works very and is some of teh best fro a 2d game. One of the most notable for this game is the art style. While traveling different areas i can tell the hand painted styled only did this game justice in adding beaity to an overall good game. There are some skills that I feel should have come sooner in the game than later and some skills i feel should have been added, the boss fights, with the last one being an exception felt less challenging than they should have. Otherwise a game worthy of at least one playthrough."
76561197996955509,Recommended,236090,1721577,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,WebCideR,"Impressive game, but be prepared for some Furry and mostly quite hack and slash action. very impressive details and hand painted graphics. Can only recommend this game for the experience and also the music which is quite good."
,Recommended,236090,7229354,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Minzoku Bokumetsu,BEST GAME
,Recommended,236090,8467492,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shinzakura,What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said?  I'll just add my voice to the din - BUY IT.  NAO.  It's a beautiful work of art and I can't recommend it enough!
,Recommended,236090,8467600,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Your Sanity,"This is truely a beautiful game and the presentation is just amazing. The combat system is the most responsive that I have ever seen. It does what you want it to do. The characters and the visuals, all drawn and animated by one person, is very fluid and beautiful. A ton of enemy varieties and plenty of locations to visit. This game is a true successor to the Metroidvania game-style and it is very recomended that you play this. In my opinion, this gets a 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,8468586,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Melcadrien [Demochef],"Hyperduck Soundworks makes the music fantastic.Combat is innovative.  You can fly around and rain destruction all over your enemies.  Grinding for XP isn't a necessity for this game since you'll be getting enough throughout the game.There is a crafting system.  However, grinding for the resources is a bit problematic if you are unable to get the item needed get it catalogued.I look at the cutscenes in comparison with the game's graphics and I feel that it could have used some polishing.The story centers on the enigmatic Dust and his companion Fidget and the revelation that is Dust.All In all, I reccomend this.  You'll not regret it."
,Recommended,236090,6584200,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,huh?,OH MY ♥♥♥♥IN GAWD this game is better thatn you would expect it has good gameplay and a very good plot 10/10
,Recommended,236090,8528405,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cameron,Game is epic.
,Recommended,236090,8528568,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Blackwind121,"This is by far one of the best Indie Games that I've ever played. The art style is amazing, the characters are all loveable, the gameplay is solid, and the story is great. My personal favorite character is Fidget. Her witty banter and overall personality add humor to the experience and everything she says has a purpose. I recently beat the game and I can honestly say that the sidequests feel enjoyable. Unlike most games, these sidequests give you bonuses and they aren't there to just add filler to the game. They don't feel tedious or boring at all. Some of the sidequests actually require you to think. Overall, I would give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,236090,8529989,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,darknai,great game
76561198052753978,Recommended,236090,8532397,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Paul Allen,Didn't expect such a well polished game by one guy. Highly recommend it.
76561197971927741,Recommended,236090,8541365,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PrinzMegahertz,"I haven't finished Dust quite yet, but so far I'm having a blast. Dust is an excellent Metroidvania with beautiful grafics, a smooth combat system, a compelling story with likeable characters and without any unnecessary grinding you find often in this genre.Highly recommendable!"
,Recommended,236090,11160766,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Applejacks,"Came for the unique art style, stayed for the story and surprisingly fluid gameplay.  Dust: AET has plenty to offer, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the 2D metroidvania genre or who simply appreciates games that look nice.  Dust: AET is easily one of the more beautiful games out there."
,Recommended,236090,664042,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"If you can look past the furry♥♥♥♥♥♥and atrocious artwork during cutscenes, this is actually rather good.  Who the ♥♥♥♥ drew those ♥♥♥♥ing villagers? I've doodled better artwork in the margins of the form I had to fill out to have my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pushed back in after I sat on that pool drain and was yet another unfortunate victim of trans-anal evisceration."
,Recommended,236090,7411088,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,VoicelessXeclar,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,236090,11161949,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,HallowNocturne,"Dust is a fantastic adventure from start to finish.  The story itself isn't long or complex, but it tells exactly as much as it needs to in order to make a satisfying experience and I mean exactly that.  I could throw in some complaint or request wanting to know more about *blank* but the story really told me enough.  I'm satisfied having played this game.  I honestly wish I had a hard copy to display proudly in my personal library.All that aside, Dust: An Elysian Tail is a quick action packed beat'em up style platformer with RPG elements.  It has a ton of save points allowing you to pick it up and put it down at your leisure.  The animation is fantastic.  The animated scenes are marvelous considering they were hand drawn.  The FPS during the animations is a minor complaint but the actual art frame by frame is beautifully expressive and without flaw.  The music was fantastic during major story moments.  Oh! Did I mention the FULLY VOICE ACTED DIALOGUE?  The cast's performance shows every bit the same quality as the artwork.Overall, I'd give it a solid 9 out of 10.-The story and its execution in gameplay is phenominal.-The art and voice acting are highly memorable and show the considerable amount of love that went into this game.-The music while good never really stood out while I was playing the game.  I honestly cannot remember any of it 20 minutes after beating the game.  The music during the cutscenes; however, did a fantastic job in setting the mood and brought me close to a weeping mess during one scene."
76561198108167275,Recommended,236090,10841292,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GuntherAMVs,"Incredible soundtrack, beautiful art-style, and compelling story. The battle-commands and techniques really make you feel as though you have incredible power, and the hit combos are very fulfilling. The humor in the game is goofy, loveable, and the characters are people you want to root for.I found this game looking for a holdover while I wait for Ori and the Blind Forest, and I was pleasantly surprised that it was worth my money and so much more. Buy this game~!"
76561197997312713,Recommended,236090,10841634,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Muu,"This is made by one person? are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?the amount fo dedication in this game is obscene.He even drew the art....this never happens, you have programmers and artists and this was made by one person who was both over the course of 4 years.If this game was made at any other point in time it would be considered a classic in the genre"
76561198076071420,Recommended,236090,6814379,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,kick,"Na falta dos já consagrados clássicos Odins sphere, musamasa,Grand Knights History e  Dragon's Crown na steam, que compatinham um o mesmo estilo, Dust é uma otima alternativa."
,Recommended,236090,103311,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,The Unfaked,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is probably one of the best games I have played in the past few years. Even though the platforming is sometimes rather chunky, the artstyle and the sountrack absolutely make up for it. The story is great, too.It's not the longest game ever and, in my opinion, it could've been a bit longer, but it's a really, really great game after all.If you like Metroidvania-games, you WILL love it."
,Recommended,236090,2692161,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Danny Martini,"After getting 117% completion on Hardcore difficulty, I felt I should give a fair review to this indie beast.Hard to imagine that this was almost completely created by one person. It's got good art, music, and the combat has freeflowing animations. The game is fairly long, and has a lot of back story.However, the story is lackluster. The main character felt like he had so much potential and it was blown. Not to mention the endgame climactic scene was a letdown. I was really hoping some sort of closer bond would have been revealed between the two.The combat, while fun and smooth, was insanely easy. Even on hardcore I downed all bosses on the first go, and monster packs rarely gave me trouble.Worst of all. THE WORST THING EVER in this game is the poorly designed terrain hazzards. You will hate icicles, lava, and spikes like no other. There is no skill in dodging them, it is literally all luck and falling in them makes you wait for your characters slow death to ensure. You literally get trapped in lava/spikes and slowly die. Half the time it's better to just reload a save. So aggrivating.But don't let the negatives turn you off. The game really is great. It's fun, and will fill a gap of time especially if you like metroidvanias. Done by one man? Hard to believe... But his strengths show just as much as his weaknesses.Good title. Highly recommend. :)"
,Recommended,236090,6445223,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Enma,"Very nice Storytelling, interesting side quest and easy to learn controls and...""EVIL KNIFE HANDS"""
76561197990419473,Recommended,236090,1270486,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Sanatukai,"this game plays well and very fun overall but there's allot to be desired.first is it's story. It's generic though it saves itself from story bordom with it's dialogue. The game dialogue is good and well casted.The gameplay mechanic along with the controles is very nice and smooth to menauver. it's really easy to pull off tricks and attacks but later on you start to notice a patern. each of the ability activates the same way but one doing more damage and better screen damage skill. essentually you'll be using the strongest special magic through the game. The tricks in the game works but only to certain point where you'll start to find that you won't be challeged to obstical making it a bland adventure. But after all that i still feel the bigest problem in the game is it's boss fights. Their stupidly easy. like kill them so easily and their not worth mentioning. Even climatic battle ends in like not even a minute. not one boss live of to the name BOSS or even BIG BOSS.music is really nice and did a really nice job.i can't say much for the actualy artist though. It's like they give the maincharacter so much animation  in how he moves and stuff and forgot to touch up on the enemies and the rest of the npc so we had to give them ""TWEEN LIMBS"". The main character is fully animated but every OTHER CHARACTER IS TWEEN'd! It pisses me off. espetially when you near the end of the game surrounded by enemies with all theres tween animation and in the middle of it, really smooth animated character flashing away at their foes. It's stupid! though but over all they did a not bad job just ingame character animation is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. i can't give it score just becaus ethey did the main character animation great. IT HAS TO BE THE ENTIRE DAMN CAST DAMN IT!over all it's a game i had a not bad time with though the stupid gag about wall chicken seem to be over used in this game, but still enjoyed the game while it lasted. over all it gets and 2 and a half out of five."
,Recommended,236090,6971390,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Yanazake,"The story has humour, drama, and great plot twists. Also, EVERY LINE HAS INCREDIBLE VOICE ACTING.The animations, characters and backgrounds are incredibly well-done. No wonder this can almost be compared to a vanillaware game.Gameplay is simple, but very fun - since there's no block, only parry, dodge and attacks, the action won't stop until you wipe the screen clean of enemies.My only complaint is that the story is short. Still, it is an incredible material with its own lore - and we can only hope that someday there will be more of it. This game is great, you should get it. And for the work Dean Dodrill has put into this, he deserves every cent spent in this game to get back to him multiplied by the billions."
76561198101510641,Recommended,236090,9959039,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,mattjh1234,"This game is amazing. I honestly got frustrated with it at first, but then after I picked it back up again I fell in love. This game is amazing, from story to gameplay to artwork. Highly recommended."
76561198132542944,Recommended,236090,9974096,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,WeaselStomped,"An immensely enjoyable game that's easy to pick up and play.  Colorful, well-animated, surprisingly good soundtrack, and rewards those who love to explore.  I'd recommend bumping the difficulty up if you like a good challenge.  The banter between the two main characters Dust and Fidget is fun to listen to as well.It's more fun with joining the Stupid Hat Club."
,Recommended,236090,5117078,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Roke Tempest,Best game i've played since a long time.Interesting story. Good gameplay. Many Secrets.And i love Fidget. She's so cute.
,Recommended,236090,1835807,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,drew,Awesome game :)
,Recommended,236090,2106284,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,HeroHarmony,Finally made time to play this game and couldn't stop after I started. I enjoyed the story and gameplay - immensely. Best furry game ever.
,Recommended,236090,1610618,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Runeclaw,"Beautiful metroidvania game with great characters, level design and exploration. Combat can be a bit too easy, so play on hard."
76561198093704767,Recommended,236090,8438218,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nighthoof,This Games Story and Artwork keep you wanting to play more. The personalities and mystories of the NPC's are great and i love the progression rate of the games story line. Its wounderful!
76561198033013588,Recommended,236090,7406970,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Weird-devi,"Dust An Elysian Tail is an amazing game with a good story and enjoyable characters. Its style is pretty much cartoon, yet it is a serious game.Highly recommend this to everyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,8438844,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Arthim,"It's a rather short, but gorgeous game. The fighting is smooth and looks quite impressive, even if it is mostly button mashing."
76561198006481019,Recommended,236090,8438889,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DOX | Pizza_Time,"Excellent game. On tough difficulty, I obtained the maximum level in 11 hours, as well as beating the game. It took me 8 additional hours to unlock all achievements and complete most of the game (aside from a few areas I hadn't unlocked chests).The visuals are amazing and the combat is smooth and precise. It just feels good to hack and slash in this game, making it not feel so repetative.There are so many people saying the game is full of furries and that's why they won't play it. I was skeptical at first, but the game's art reminds me of the old goofy movies, and it doesn't come off as weird at all while you play (besides an initial surprise by seeing the character Fidget).5/5."
,Recommended,236090,3456388,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,LUG Spartan,"This game is a must have if you are into RPG, side scrolling, hack'n'slashing, combo counting mayhem with an incredible and funny storyline. I'm in love."
76561198026767158,Recommended,236090,8580048,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scratch,A great sidescroll beat 'em up with RPG elements. Old school in a lot of the execution which I enjoyed. It reminded me of a super nintendo game with modern mechanics. I liked this game a lot.
,Recommended,236090,8580407,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,negativeone,"Mechanically and graphically superb. A satisfying mix of action and RPG elements. I only warn that if you have even a slight allergy to weaboo, you will go into severe anaphylactic shock within five minutes."
,Recommended,236090,8581358,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TheRainKing,"So far a very fun game. Funny Writing, Excellent Controls, and Very Nice Visuals makes for a very fun game. Though I am sad that there is no Soundtrack to be able to downloaded (Always a plus to a game, but not a deal breaker)."
,Recommended,236090,8568826,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nukemoon1,"Simple, fun, and beautiful. Also has a fantastic soundtrack."
,Recommended,236090,8581673,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Treyfrd,"Dust, as a work of fiction, almost transcends it's own gameplay. That's really saying something because the combat is extremely engaging and never wears out its welcome. The story and world developed throughout the game are both deep and engaging and there's always this feeling that there is more to discover around each corner. I found myself coming back to find out what happened next in the story, only to get sucked in by the engaging mechanics and progression. I hate to call Dust a game because it feels like I'm cheating out of the praise it deserves."
,Recommended,236090,8581883,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kai-sensei,"*GUSH*Yes yes yes. All the yes in the world!Solid gameplay, colorful characters, and an interesting art style.I got this game on sale for less than $5 and my god was it worth every damn penny. In fact, I wish I paid full price for it. There I said it. I'll try to stop gushing now. Oh wait, did I forget to mention this game was pretty much entirely created by ONE GUY?!*End Gush*Anyway, Dust has everything. A fluid combat/combo system, completely customizable controls, and just the right amount of humor and secrets injected into it to keep you smiling and playing.A legend amongst indie games because of the sheer amount of effort put into this game.Buy it. If it's on sale, you have no excuse. Even if it isn't on sale, buy it, because $15 does not do it justice."
,Recommended,236090,8581950,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,monkeypicks,"This is how action RPGs should be made. Story is so-so but fantastic gameplay, nice 2-D visuals and humor make this a great game."
76561198055875343,Recommended,236090,8584707,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lord Ilustre,Score:82/100
,Recommended,236090,1341428,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Druss,"Ignore the fools telling you it's a furry game, if it was then every single game or entertainment medium depicting a man-animal would be up to the same scrutiny. This game has an excelent story, excelent combat but the RPG elements seem to be tacked on in that it is possible to complete the game without levelling up your skills. I'd give this a solid 7/10 and a must buy if it ever goes on offer as it often does."
,Recommended,236090,7929555,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,se7endeadlysinz,Simple. Fun. Enjoy the anime style of graphics and the dialog is actually pretty good.
76561198014429410,Recommended,236090,7930623,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sepgreti,"I really enjoyed playing this game. It reminded me of one of my favorite games, Odin Sphere, which also possesed an excellent artistic style and fun side-scrolling combat. Its also decently written, with voice acting and interaction with characters.The plot gets a little flimsy in places with a somewhat cliche story but it has sufficient charm to get through. Again the characters, particularly Fidget, are fun to watch and interact well with one another. The ending of the game felt a little hurried, with the story ending.Combat, as I mentioned, is fun, featuring numerous enemies and a small but solid number of combat options that work consistently and effectively. In particular, countering and dodging work very well and remain very viable options during dicey situations.Character customization has a few good components to it. Equipment is sufficiently diverse that you could reasonable pick several different items for most of the slots depending on the situation, even going into the endgame. The stat upgrade page is somewhat unneeded due to the fact that you're lowest stat can only be 4 points below your highest essentially forcing you to maintain a semblance of balance which can be agrued as good or bad.Sidequests and challenges are fun and are worth the extra attention for the bonus items and crafting recipes you can get.Overall its a solid game with a few smudges."
76561197994276671,Recommended,236090,7932015,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PoTaTo  BoT,"Great game considering it was pretty much made by 1 guy over  a 4 year span,  really puts other game devoplopers to shame"
,Recommended,236090,6881442,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Babukus,"Beautiful environment, easy to grasp controls (only used keyboard and mouse). This game provides a challenge even at the default ""tough"" difficulty, sometimes I wonder how difficult the hardest difficulty is. It will probably provide a serious challenge. The story flows while you can still do side-quests, so you can complete those before going to the next chapter or you could go back and do them, since you can even though you go to the next chapter."
76561198001027551,Recommended,236090,7403017,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Prankster,Get it.  Get it right.  Get it right now.
,Recommended,236090,7933373,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mighty Morphing Michael Vick,"Beautiful art, fluid gameplay, fun gameplay. Need I say any more?"
,Recommended,236090,5450746,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Lay_Xe Xephos,"It's one of my most favorite single-player games out there. The story is awesome, the graphics wows me, and the hack n slash (my personal favorite) is smooth that it makes me wish this game could go one forever. A must have (unless you hate on furries)!"
76561198043756041,Recommended,236090,7932139,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,C0rRuPt1oN,"plays realy smoothly, unique yet awesome art style, unique hero backstory, awesome music ""especially archers pass,"" an improvement over typical navi like guides with araha and fidget, and i loved the mysterious wall chickens from castlevania. after beating the game i regret not getting it sooner. but the steam sale price of $3.60 was a steal for this game to say the least. only a few draw backs. one if you farm for an item you can find yourself leveling up so fast that you leave your enimies in the ""Dust."" another thing is that the story seems too short but their is still alot of sidequests and other gameplay or maby i just didnt want the game to end."
,Recommended,236090,3336840,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,yodeitz,"One of my favorite 2D brawlers, Dust lets you go all out in combat.  The voices are good, the art and animation is spectacular, and the dialog does not disappoint.  From the background music to scenery, the world is filled with life.  Truly spendid execution of all one could ask for in a game.  An adventure for all not to be missed."
,Recommended,236090,1161475,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Lanshaft | TROWIN SHRAKS,"If you're a fan of good artwork and solid gameplay, you should check this out. Exploratory side-scrolling action RPG with a beautiful hand-drawn world. Splendid music. While the story isn't the deepest, the straight good-vs-evil plot serves as an acceptable backdrop to a wonderful gem of a game. Plenty of secrets to find and challenges to pursue, and perfect completion is very obtainable and doing so never turned me off.The game kept me enthralled the entire way through."
76561197993895149,Recommended,236090,7935939,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,D Roy 86,A very good buy for novice and expert gamer alike. Exceedingly good story and gameplay!
,Recommended,236090,7936042,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,jocloud31,"Much better than I had expected. Fun, visceral combat system that is easy to pick up. High production quality and charming light tone through the early part of the game."
76561198051079587,Recommended,236090,7936562,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Toma Tenor,"Amazeing and a bit sad towards the end, I deffinatly recoment playing this."
,Recommended,236090,3798801,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,3v4n711,"This is a game I was not expecting to be so engaging.  Every single aspect, from controls to artwork to voice acting is spot on in my opinion.  A fantastic action-RPG for a fantastic price!"
76561197977395354,Recommended,236090,7939199,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zaru,"Honestly, this  game really surprised me. It's basically a ""Metroidvania"" game with an amazing combat flow. It controls like a charm and I never even once felt that it was a chore to play for the 10 hours it took me to finish it, which is something I can't say about a lot of AAA games with 90+ metacritic scores. And this game was done by ONE guy! You might dislike the art style of the antromorphic characters, but don't let that scare you off. You'll forget all about that when you whirl around the screen like crazy in a storm of particle effects."
,Recommended,236090,7407392,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Tarnia_Q,Surprisingly fluent action game. RPG elements added make it funner and more replayable.
,Recommended,236090,7940402,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Lonnar,"Such an excellent game.Sure some elements are lacking, but you can't have everything in life.  I seriously enjoyed this game from start to finish and would definetly replay it."
,Recommended,236090,5194976,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,MegaNerd,"Incredible storyline/telling, fantastic character development, and smooth feeling combat. A little short I must admit, but well worth the money to buy it."
76561197975683740,Recommended,236090,693325,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Jason1982,Buy this game right now and thank me for it later! It is a magic journey that anyone can enjoy!
,Recommended,236090,7941521,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zetru,"Amazing game, haven't seen something like this in awhile, worth it. Must-play."
76561198033179647,Recommended,236090,7942711,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cloudius777,"great game, almost like a 2D final fantasy mixed with devil may cry."
,Recommended,236090,7943018,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,OneLifeGamer,"A legend is born , bringing vivd colors beautiful fluid animations musicamazing story and charcter leveling. Dust:An Elysian Tail brings the hack n slash old school to a new depth. This game is now an instaqnt classic a legend and will carry a massive cult following."
,Recommended,236090,7943489,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cyber Goat,"A decent story line. Very beautiful art, amazingly done, wow. Gameplay itself is good, but it gets awfully repetitive as you get about half way through. It that doesn't bother you, you'll love this game.I felt kinda wrong every time the fairy popped up on the screen, though.... I'm not really into... furries..."
,Recommended,236090,7905287,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,(Boosted) Onee-Chan,It's time to yiff hard or go home.
76561198057832188,Recommended,236090,7905483,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MagnificentMariner,"This is probably the most fun you can have in terms of a short indie action-platformer so far as I know. In any event, the story and in particular the ending it really nice. Of course, all the characters are anthropomorphic animals, but unless that alarms you I'd say my only complaint is the comic relief character, Fidget, but that's a necessary role, so I think I would have a gripe if she weren't there either. For about the price of a trip to the movie theater, this is an excellent buy."
76561198116224306,Recommended,236090,7905487,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,caleb.hollars,One of the best games i have ever played. EVER
76561197972954122,Recommended,236090,7905909,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Giddeon,"Great game, simple to pick up and play.  Easty to get into, very fun."
,Recommended,236090,7906051,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Chuck.,"A very beautiful action game, the soundtrack is amazing too... addicting."
76561198104911142,Recommended,236090,7906636,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mirwen,"I'm so glad I took a chance on this game.  It is absolutely gorgeous every moment.  The story is interesting, the puzzles are challenging without being wearying. The dialogue is funny and characterizations rich.  Voice acting is excellent and adds to the experience.  Although the fight mechanics are tuned to a casual difficulty, you can up the challenge in other ways and the gameplay is still satisfying.  Platforming sections can be a little frustrating if you haven't setup the game with a controller (which is supported), but they are still passable.  A classic RPG fan's delight.  Although it may not have much replay value, it is well worth at least one playthrough if not completion.  Highly recommended."
76561197980293857,Recommended,236090,7906647,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Reajin,Very good game for the price. Metroidvania style with a hint of Odin Sphere and questing sprinkled in.
76561198083667852,Recommended,236090,21406489,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,patmc281,"Neat little concept with pretty visuals. It's still a lot of fun to play though. Not as big as I'd have liked, but much bigger than the ""map"" suggests. Story was predictable and perhaps a bit childish, but I wasn't really expecting an epic thriller or nail-biting drama here, so it was sufficiently substantial for its purpose. My son especially likes the ""doggy with a sword"" game..."
,Recommended,236090,7615205,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"This is perfect in nearly every single way imaginable. The soundtrack is glorious, the gameplay is fantastic, the storyline is amazing, and the atmosphere is simply wondrous.The fluidity and motion of the animation is also just absolutely superb. Sure, there is some CGI that definitely looks out of place, but it is heavily outweighed by the beauty of the animation.This is simply one of those games that is a complete masterpiece.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,236090,21434115,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Paez,"you just randomly mash some buttons and your protagonist pulls of some ""platinum games""-style moves... and it doesn't even feel wrong or off somehow"
76561198263061063,Recommended,236090,21417736,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Transformoof,best game ever!
76561198056660243,Recommended,236090,21417963,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dragonryder124,A great story with an ending leaving you to only want the story to continue. Love the artwork and good music. Will play again later.
76561198100869395,Recommended,236090,21416928,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,jestercard,I loved this game when it first came out. I didn't knew it would be that popular for fans of Metroidvania games.
76561198027090104,Recommended,236090,11526921,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Stark Eon,And this game cost me only 3$ on sales? I would have paid 60.
,Recommended,236090,7397355,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Jessiah,Worth it!
76561198074061431,Recommended,236090,21425905,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,狗羊,Atmospheric.
,Recommended,236090,21426304,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kyle,Game crashes right after a tough boss fight..........................................................10/10
,Recommended,236090,21354996,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Prince Wenle,"Great storyline RPG game with good graphic, the saddest thing is that the story is too short. Must try! If you are RPG fans."
76561197999338134,Recommended,236090,21352103,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,gr33nlemon,Just amazing.
76561198167850471,Recommended,236090,21329485,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,eliza.knight339,"Great game, love the art work, characters are cute, i love their voice :)"
,Recommended,236090,21330145,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Flashbang,"Man, this game deserves a review. It haves such a good combat and such an involving story. Everyone who likes rpgs with hack/slash type of combat should defnetly play this game."
,Recommended,236090,21317175,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Muscles,I don't normally like side-scrollers. But this game is good. Good looks. Good combat. Good characters. Good Story. Once I started I couldn't stop playingfor.........what?..........It's8:00am!?.......I think it's time for bed.
76561198061385046,Recommended,236090,21331432,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kitsune,I love this game. I'm about half way through it (8 hours) and it is a joy to play. The voice acting is top notch and the levels are the right mix of puzzle and hack and slash (15%/85%) for me.
76561198077708925,Recommended,236090,21312380,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ernesew,"We can say a game is good but only when we want to come back to it again and again even tho we already beat it, even tho we already played it just yesterday and have other games to play, THAT, is when you know it is a good game and that's what Dust An Elysian Tail did for me. I wanted to come back to find out more of the story and to hear the charactors and to slash a bunch of enemies! and now I want to do it all over again but faster!"
76561198073662056,Recommended,236090,21562764,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Crusader Jin,"This game is as good as it looks! From the charming art style and lovable characters, to the weight of every quest you complete and swing of your sword. Well done game with a very nice story. I'd recommend this to anyone who can appreciate good videogames. :)"
76561198052254704,Recommended,236090,21476593,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ghlen Livid,"I enjoyed my time with this game. This is not the best metroidvania out there, but it's good enough to warrant a look.Pros:+ Art is nice to look at, at least in most cases.+ Story is nothing to write home about, but there are a couple interesting plot twists, and it does sort of keep you guessing.+ Furries! For someone who grew up on Disney Afternoon cartoons, this feels really nostalgic.+ Many throwbacks to classic games.+ Many throwbacks to indie games.+ Combat is fluent and it's deeper than in most metroidvanias out there (still pretty shallow though)+ Controls are responsive.+ Music is good. I did listen to OST for a while.+ Fidget is cute as hell.Cons:- Ending feels a bit abrupt, and there are plot threads that are left unaddressed. I think in an interview, developer admitted that due to time constraints he had to cut about third to a half of a game.- Jumping can feel floaty. Thankfully, there isn't much precision platforming required.- Animation quality in cutscenes is less than stellar, but it's tolerable.- Endgame is a bit rushed.All in all, it's a decent entry into metroidvania genre, and I do recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind an occasional cringe-inducing animation in cutscenes (there aren't many cutscenes anyway).In any case, this game is an outstanding achievement for something developed almost single-handedly (music was outsourced). So thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,236090,21481894,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ravaana,"This game was a lot of fun. There are times that the voice acting got a bit, wonky. But all in all I enjoyed it.Simple control scheme, fluid combat, beautiful visuals, and much more await any casual platform fan.The cons? Well.. There are some things that I got confused by, areas that seem to require you to backtrack before continuing on with the story (unless you just want to skip those quests.)*********SPOILER BELOW. DO NOT OPEN UNLESS YOU WANT THE STORY RUINED!*********.What bothered me most was the ending. I thought it was a beautiful ending until the FFX, after credits thing. I know that they want to leave a possible opening for another installment. Or, at least, it seems that way. But I, honestly, feel like it is a cop-out."
76561197961885895,Recommended,236090,12417981,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,perditionrx,"Dust is truly an amazing game! The landscapes are so beautiful sometimes I just pause the game so I can admire the scenery. The voice acting is good, the music is great, and I can't think of anything I didn't like about it!"
,Recommended,236090,3644602,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Valstar88,"9/10!  Excellent button-mashing combat platformer with small RPG elements.  The game is beautifully done.  My only complaint wouild be having to run around maps for a while to complete some side quests. Aside from that, the story, art, music, combat, even down to the voice acting is all very well done and combined to make quite a fun game!"
,Recommended,236090,8855643,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lazos13,Awesome game!
,Recommended,236090,7483496,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Shibnibblies,"Gorgeous game. Aimed more towards teenagers than adults, but I'm still enjoying slapping things and mashing buttons."
,Recommended,236090,12443256,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mindless Trouser Banter,"Proof of what you can do with dedication, hard work and talent. The art style is purely breathtaking, the characterisation and voice acting is absolutely amazing and the combat, although fairly simple, is satisfying beyond belief.Plus, you explode when you level up. 10/10"
76561198048058687,Recommended,236090,12443987,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ShadowfaxSTF,"A beautiful addictive game. Beautiful, as in the first 30 seconds of gameplay made my jaw drop with the gorgeous graphics and smooth animations. Addictive, as in the core combat is exceptionally fun. While I had to kick up the difficulty to Hardcore to make the enemies a challenge, the combat never grew boring after that; I was a one-man army, but if I let my guard down for even a moment, things will get ugly and I have only myself to blame. I love that balance.The main characters were very likeable too. I expected to be annoyed by Fidget, a whiny-voiced flying character, but she made me laugh so much I couldn't help but love her too. Dust is interesting from the start.The story is acceptable. The game spends so much time building up to a conclusion... with mystery, epic battles, raw emotion... this journey was great!, but for a barely passable conclusion. It didn't make any sense. Dust has a radical change in character that left me baffled. And there wasn't nearly enough exploration of the villain's character. And that last 60 seconds... *shivers*While the final 10 minute battle was a joy to play (due to the aforementioned excellent combat), the story conclusion left a foul taste in my mouth. It wasn't terrible, but I'd rather forget it ever happened. Yet I will never forget the amazing 30-hour journey through a beautiful world with epic battles. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,236090,12444767,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Vortex_Dragon,"if you essentially want to be Samurai Jack, PLAY THIS GAME! the animation and art style is gorgeous, the characters are hilarious and just fun to watch. the plot and characters woven into it is told like a wonderful legend that you want to hear again and again. For a truly satisfying experience i suggest playing it on hard mode even for your first time so that when you come out of any battle, you know it is because you are that good"
,Recommended,236090,12427634,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ＳＤｒａｗ,Just exciting game ^_^
76561198021402085,Recommended,236090,12432527,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,zidaini,"Beautiful game that alongside deadlight made me realize that platform games were worth buying.Been engrosssed playing this and felt ashamed at paying less than full price, when I've suck heaps into a game like wot that screws you over and doesn't reward the long term player. (or thank) And can be completely frustrating and completely disappointing.Will buy more games like this from now on.I love the sounds, the gameplay, the characters and the well everything.Buy this game."
,Recommended,236090,12865964,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Plumber Rick,EPIC
,Recommended,236090,12870773,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,rust-e 👁,"A gorgeous little game with a fun, and action packed hack-and-slash style of fighting, and a great art style. (And Fidget really isn't that annoying.)"
76561198017807096,Recommended,236090,12924310,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Brumaz,Decent platofmer / metroidvania style game. Simplified combat. The long load times between zones (upwards of 20s each time with my relatively decent PC) really kills any immersion though
,Recommended,236090,12927795,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,shroom2k[rus],"A very good game. Not a masterpiece, but one of those games that does everything well. The storyline seems very weak and trivial in the beginning, but gets surprisingly good by the end. My only issue is that it's a bit too easy and short. Otherwise it's great."
,Recommended,236090,13022891,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,WereZwölfy,"To be honest, this is one of my new favorite games. All the control schemes work very well, the gameplay is solid, and the graphics are amazing, and the story is even better. If you like Metroidvania games, I highly suggest it. If you don't, then get it for the story. If you don't like either of those, then that is your problem."
,Recommended,236090,13024978,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dr.Evil,I play it on Ubuntu 14.04. Very nice Game!
,Recommended,236090,2078235,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,GenerlAce,"A very well written and beautifully illustrated game. A nice mix between subtle RPG elements along with a Hack-n-Slash (castlevania-ish feel to it). Glad i grabbed it on the summer sale. i recommend youtube: TotalBiscuit, The Cynical Brit, and his WTF is... series to explain many games you may be interested in."
,Recommended,236090,13143475,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,WizterSky,"A very beautiful game.Cant wait for the sequel,well i hope they will do it"
76561197996516587,Recommended,236090,13143616,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,bluemeanie231,"Pleasant, charming, and fun. A metroidvania style action platformer with a pretty solid combat system. A bit on the easy side though, I recomend playing it on hard in order to stay engaged."
76561198064925962,Recommended,236090,13144046,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,76561198064925962,"I first played this game  when it came out on the Xbox 360, and I had a blast!Fun gameplay, pretty visuals, and cool music to boot. This game was clearly a labor of love.Cute little platformer. :3"
,Recommended,236090,13163210,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,dariomzz,Nice visual and wonderful story.Combat system is a little bit simplistic but very enjoyable.
,Recommended,236090,13163506,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,shivz,Good fun!
76561197964801186,Recommended,236090,13122482,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Endoro,"Amazing game. Probably the best platformer game I've played (but I cannot say I've played very many). It has some minor bugs, but nothing that will make it unplayable."
76561197991347265,Recommended,236090,13123924,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,william.gamer,"This game is a true Gem. The combat is so solid een on a keyboard, and the story is quite good if a little predictable. I enjoyed it start to finish and i truly hope they come out with another title either in the same universe or another i would still buy it :) and for 3 dollars you should buy it now!"
,Recommended,236090,13111532,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DredZach,"Beautiful art, smooth controls. This game brought me back into platformers."
,Recommended,236090,13117111,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AlaranGaerlan,"'Dust : An Elysian Tail' is the best game I have played so far.That will be very difficult to write down something long and descriptive about what I think about this game. But I will try to.Gameplay :The whole game consists of exploring a huge world where every area has been made smartly. If you can't go somewhere, that means you are not ready for this. During this exploration, you will have to face many monsters , no, tons of them. But Dust is able to swing his sword quickly and deadly with your help. Smashing the buttons might not be the right thing to do.When fighting, you can, as said above, swing your sword with a single finger for an attack up to a 4-hit combo. However,this is not the only thing you will do, as Dust will learn more skills and ways to fight. Magic, for sample, that require a combination of attacks to become deadly.Every battle is fast and requires you to dodge a lot. Your life doesn't regenerate itself with time in any way, and you can't rent a room. You can only buy food that looks quite expensive, but it is not that much after you've learned how to dodge.There is also an energy bar that depletes itself by dodging or using magic. Being empty, you can't dodge or throw magic missiles anymore. But you can wait for it to fill up, or if you can't, attack ennemies.The more hits you do in a row, the more rewards you gain.Graphics :Everything seems to have been drawn. No 3D. Simple 2D graphics that are amazingly beautiful and amazing. Characters are very adorable (excepted the monsters. They had to choose) and the background is very pleasant to watch. WIll you as well stop in the middle of a stage to watch the landscape ?Musics :I don't think there is a lot to say. The musics in this game are amazing as well, according to me.Story ;I didn't complete the game already. But as far as I have been, I've truly enjoyed the story. I won't spoil ~Dust : An Elysian Tail is a game for people who wants to destroy everything on their path, for the ones who are looking for challenges - there is an hardcore mode where ennemies kiil you with two or three hits - but also the ones who are looking for a great story in a great world. It costed me €2.49, and I think this game deserves to be discovered."
,Recommended,236090,13117538,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,perish song,Literally my favorite game of all time.
76561198066567106,Recommended,236090,13134197,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Barroth,The artwork and story had a lot of thought put into them. It makes a very beautiful game.
76561198061297101,Recommended,236090,13135296,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,the NYPD,"Good story line, ok art, but I would not buy it unless it was on sale again. Still reccomended for someone who has about 8 hours to spare playing the game."
76561198141833370,Recommended,236090,13135526,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,brodylopa,It is a very fun game most of the time i dont like the sidekick is games but i do like figget
76561198022554720,Recommended,236090,13119959,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,InVs,"This game is amazing.It had me hooked for hours just wanting to see what is next as ur character wakes up in the middle of the forest and has no memory of himself and what is happening in the world.U will experience a really well voice acted story line in this game with different locations like a forest,snow mountains and so on.The enemies are fine they will try to get around ur back to attack u so u have to be on ur guard.I am playing on tough difficulty on my first playthrough and i am happy to say this game is difficult because of the platforming and the enemies(if they are higher lvl then u).So basically what u will get in this game is really well-done voice-acting,cool characters,humour,a simple yet awesome storyline and nice combat mechanics done by 1 guy of course the voice acting is other people duhhhh.If u are an anime fan BUY THIS NOW even if u arent U BUY NOW NOW!!!9/10"
76561198077134005,Recommended,236090,13136459,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Joker,"""Fast-pace-side-scrolling-hack and slash-rpg"" that how I discribe this awesome game.[Yes this should be a new game genre]Animation and battle mechanic~FlawlessPlus added humor between Dust and Fidget hit the spot between the plot of the storyThe story know how to effect the player emotion sometimes with the help of great voice acting.In short,a must have game int the library :D"
76561198098185720,Recommended,236090,7259177,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,PhoenixWind,This game I recomend everything about this game is amazing the music a great story voice acting this game gets a 10/10
,Recommended,236090,2661420,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Phrak,Disgusting furry♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,236090,13052760,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Alley,Be still my frantic heart.
76561198167702310,Recommended,236090,20988298,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Speed Hunter,"This game is beautiful with its hand drawn character's and background, Dust controls beautifully, and the story is quite emotional in my opinion (albeit cliche). Combat is okay but isn't amazing and you'll probably just use Dust Storm. And at times youWILLlose yourself amidst all the particles, explosions and enemy's, however it still is really fun. The music is also really good and fits really well with all the area's and the few cutscenes. All in all, I love this game and I recommend this to any Metroidvania fan and anyone interested in this style of games."
,Recommended,236090,21189384,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SwissCheesy,"Dazzling art and animation, damn fun gameplay, challenging enemies and challenge rooms for those who need to test their perfectionism. Lots of hidden chests and rooms that you should look out for as well. The plot twist down the road really surprised me, too! I can only recommend this game.You get used to the (keyboard) controls quite fast and the slashing and jumping with it is a blast!Also: Fidget lightning whirlwind + late game rings = OP."
,Recommended,236090,21690019,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skybird Trill,One of the greatest hack n slash game that I played.Interesting story and really good character improvement.
,Recommended,236090,21732703,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Glace,"You play as a Furry, while killing furries. Does that make me a Furry or not?"
,Recommended,236090,7401071,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Dapper Wolf,"Ok so, looking past the fact the game is about as furry as it can get, this is some of the best platform beat-em-up I've played in years."
,Recommended,236090,21858005,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,David0vić,It's a good hack and slash side scroller with some fun platforming. Combat is very flashy and has very fluid attack animations. The visuals are very nice and it has a nice colourful art style.It has a simplistic story with some cliche plot threads but it works very well for a younger audience and it has some fun characters that crack a good joke here and there. Unfortunatly i can't play the game for more then 1 hour at a time because of it's very simplistic and repetitive combat.You are using the same few moves that you learn at the start throughout the whole game. If you learnt some new combos as you are progressing i think that would have fixed the repetitiveness because the combat design itself is great they should have just added more to it.7/10 (Good)
,Recommended,236090,7404474,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,DDSonic,OMG!!! Havent played a game like this in a long time :D
76561198020518604,Recommended,236090,3305528,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,HvodaBjorn,"this is one of the best games i have ever played, i love the story line its damn amazing, this game is a must have. a truly well done experience"
,Recommended,236090,21635539,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Matt 马休,"This game is an extremely enjoyable platformer with RPG elements and beautiful eastern-style visuals. A lot of love and care has gone into crafting a fantastical world populated by a myriad of anthropomorphic creatures and beings, who are brought to life through a wonderful combination of visualised emotions and superb voice acting. The cream on the proverbial cake is the music, which often changes to suit the ""mood"" of the level or situation and can be very emotive.You explore this world as Dust, a humanoid wolf warrior, accompanied by his trusty (and sometimes annoying) sidekick, Fidget. Puzzles are simple but enjoyable. Dust can execute a variety of attacks, earn XP and gold, find and equip items and assist the various denizens (read: complete quests) that occupy this strange but exciting world.As you level up you earn gems (skill points), which you can use to increase various stats (health, attack, defense, Fidget). Gold can be spent at shops to buy items and materials, which in turn can be used to craft items. Items conists of consumables (usually to regain health), equipables for stat increases (such as rings), and augments to enhance your weapon or Fidget.Combat is smooth and fluid; the game utilises a ""combo"" system with colourful numbers popping up all over the screen, but without cluttering or obscuring your vision. There are a variety of enemies with different abilities to defeat, including boss fights. However, if you want a challenge, the game must be played on the hardest difficulty.The story is well written and compelling. There are moments both happy and sad, serious and light-hearted. As the story progesses Dust learns more about himself, and the player learns more about the world he lives in. The often cruel nature of the story is juxtaposed with both humour and bright, colourful visuals.This game is absolutely fantastic and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,236090,21635681,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Screumff,"It's so damn good, man."
76561198067160605,Recommended,236090,21636060,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,call_me_Cal7788,"This game can only be described as a surreal experience. Most of the games locations and creatures are very odd if you were to stop and think about them but on the level you become immersed in this game it will never cross your mind. The art style is gorgeous, the combat is fluid and exciting and the worlds, character and enemies are diverse and charming. Although there is a serious tone to the game there are plenty of comic relief bits and of course the occasional breaking of the fourth wall. I'm halfway done with the game and I intend to continue playing it for all its worth. Although some things in the game may be irksome or convoluted they are heavily overshadowed by the sheer enjoyment that come from playing this game."
,Recommended,236090,21644703,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Old Buckthorn,"[7/10] Good action/platformerNOTE : This is a 100% NON-FURRY reviewDust: An Elysian Tail is the kind of game I could have overlooked, if not snobbed, because of its looks.The chara-design is... peculiar, for say. And the furry looks of the characters is not my cup of tea. But, well, I gave it a try and it was a pretty good surprise!It's a good game, as one could say, with good controls, good action, well balanced overall difficulty and a quite sweet musical score.I won't lie, it's not revolutionnary, but it's really well made and enjoyable.I recommend it!"
,Recommended,236090,21804764,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,yibo_d,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a story-driven, side-scrolling hack and slash.  The unconventional cartoon art and the lack of complexity in combat mechanics may drive away the average gamer.  I was certainly filled with skepticism as I began the title, but was quickly drawn into the comedic drama inside this lively and vivid world.The game had an old metroid feel as I traversed through different frames of the 2D world in all four directions.  And in true metroid fashion, there are places that are unreachable without movement power-ups acquired in later stages of the game. The world, is split up into different zones, both optional side-quest zones and mandatory main-quest zones.  Each zone had its own personalities, colors, and feel.The unique characters in some zones, which to my surprise had fantastic voice acting, brought life to the game.  Sure, they were fantasy cartoon creatures, but they felt human.  Even as I followed the linear quest line tied to problems in the fantasy world that I cannot possibly relate to, I felt connected to the characters' struggles, feelings and values.There are little things that the game delivered well and others that could be improved upon, but the big thing that this game delivered is the main moral issue presented in the story.  The drawn out dialogues allow the player to emotionally invest in key characters in both the ""good"" and ""evil"" side.  Even though the ending made a clear distinction of good and evil, the parity in my mind was not so decisive.  I questioned my own morals and imagined what kind of background the ""evil"" side had, to drive their radical actions.Overall, this game was a pleasure to play. I apologize to the creators for not going through all of the content, as I skipped most of the side-quests.  This short installment of Dust's adventure is simple, indulging, and was a pleasant surprise."
76561198070565479,Recommended,236090,21757432,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mipbar,Great game
76561198031779460,Recommended,236090,21726882,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sergot,This game is simply a pearl and have to be played. Doesn't matter what games you played before or like - this one's made for you.
,Recommended,236090,21889878,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,bin4rykitsun3 [M̤̱4̤̱̫̗ge],This had got to be hands down one of the top 5 best games ive ever played... and ive played a lot of games.
76561198006849221,Recommended,236090,21799963,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Phenomenal. Just play it. No funny business. Just do it.
,Recommended,236090,21828843,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Flacketeer,"Kind of a hidden gem, though its been covered by some renown youtubers, I think it still deserves more light.Dust is a well crafted beat em up rpg game. It looks nice, and plays wonderfully. The story I wasn't really paying attention to, but at a point it gets you thinking and can work some conversation. The best part of this game is getting combos. You feel like a total badbutt for demolishing your enemies in a flurry of swordswings, which requires a bit more thought than mindless button mashing."
76561198289103905,Recommended,236090,25265498,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zorux,The best game I ever played!
76561198210463620,Recommended,236090,25575920,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DarthHumos,"tl;drDust: An Elysian Tail is an amazing Platformer and you should Buy itReviewPersonally I think that there are some games who are so importent in their genre we have to talk about them (first review on steam)Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of them and it succeeded in being in my opinion one of the best platformers in a long time(espcially in the saturated enviorment we have of 8bit platformers)Dust is an awesome platformer that has everything you seek from a game in this genre it has great level design great story amazing style and a very good voice castyou cant help but get immersed in the immense atmosphere that this game has(its over 9000 ;)Dust is the epitome of how a game should be developed its inspiring just to hear how it got made and both the game and developer(indivdual) deserves alot of complements for everything related to this franchise(hopfully)Final Verdictdust has amazing style,gameplay,level design,story and voice acting it is truly a great example of its genre and you should definatly buy itif you really feel it within your heart that this game needs a rating then I would give it an 90/100 in general or 95/100 in its genre"
,Recommended,236090,27013678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sunder,"The game is quite beautiful (though the art for the talking cutscenes is a bit off), with good sound, and button mashing fun. I enjoy the fourth-wall breaking, and the three main characters are endearing with great personalities.It is on the easy side if you are used to Metroidvanias, however, so I would suggest that you play at the hardest setting if you want an okay challenge."
,Recommended,236090,27018327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,genghisbunny,"OK, honesty time - I haven't beaten this game yet - I've been playing it with my 7 year-old daughter and we've both been swept up in the Don Bluth-like visuals (see: An American Tail), snappy sound design and incredibly tight gameplay.The story is very solid, and for a gamer like me whose history goes back decades, there are more than a few clever nods to funny moments in games past.It's frequently described as a ""Metroidvania"" game, and I'd say that describes the mechanics well - it's got a lot in common with Castlevania in terms of platform jumping and exploration, although it's definitely a lot more linear than either of those games for much of the adventure so far.The other thing it does - very well - is implement a combo system like a brawler - but with weapons. Think of the original Soul Calibre and you're not too far off (although this game is strictly 2d).So who is this game for?For me, it scratches a lot of the same itches as Guacamelee - fun, challenging but fair platforming with great combat mechancics that are easily grasped but sufficiently deep to reward longer gameplay sessions. Highly recommended, one of my favourite games, and one I pick up and play quite often, as it's rewarding in short bursts, not just when you have hours to spend."
76561198006704761,Recommended,236090,26879241,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hidoi,"This is a game that should be played by everyone. It's a masterpiece created by a man that truly has a passion for what he'd doing, which is a rare thing these days."
,Recommended,236090,26916424,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klaas,"This game impressed me, its sooo good"
76561197977328933,Recommended,236090,750078,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,PPH Fox,Super Fast Swordbattles and♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198082233105,Recommended,236090,26686658,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,prince,If you like this genre - just recommend. No comments. Excelent game.
,Recommended,236090,7922207,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Tenshiki ♥,"Although I am not really a fan of 2D Arcade games, this game really impressed me. Everything about this game is amazing taking into account that both the art and programming was done by one person alone. Recommended for all ages."
,Recommended,236090,5425040,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Voices Carry [Zzzz. . .],"An overall amazing game considering it's an Indie game made by one person and his wife. For once I could not tell what happens next, and if I guessed I was wrong. The end, aswell as a vast majority of other moments in the game were touching, funny or just drawing you in more. Gameplay is BEYOND fun. I am obsessed, shutthe♥♥♥♥up."
,Recommended,236090,26582495,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Oyajuu,"Excellent Metroidvania-meets-DMC game with really good combat mechanics & level design, and a healthy dose of secrets.And while I am not super fond of the fur.. anthropomorphic character subgenre, art and animations are top notch.Well balanced gameplay that challenges but does not frustrate = recipe for success!(note: played and completed on X360)"
,Recommended,236090,26600207,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,I Remnant·Sword I Snow I,This game is great
76561198195538634,Recommended,236090,26605627,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pebel Zounds,"This is one of my favorite games, i love how it isnt one of those games where the entire story is just written down and that each individual character has their own speaker. Honestly i just love the entire look of ther game, as well as the storyline not being too over the top!I would defently recomend this game and I hope that we may get a another in the future!"
,Recommended,236090,26829109,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,elliot,Beautiful.
76561198096428552,Recommended,236090,26969218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[NH] undo15,"A very good game. Combat feels skillful, even when I just button mash. Art and music are beautiful. It's super satisfying."
,Recommended,236090,26983188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CTG,A well priced masterpiece in a sea of garbage that we call modern day gaming!
76561198052897320,Recommended,236090,26965341,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gothickitten:),This game is one of the best single player games i have played.wonderful graphics and a lovely story and not to easy either.this game is worth buying for sure! :)
76561198064702379,Recommended,236090,25352564,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Tales,"What you get:Fluid, very pleasing hack'n slash combatA unique and well writen storyBeautiful musicA good asetheticA large cast of likeable charactersChallanges and sidequestsA number of bugs, though very few game breaking.A decent job of voice actingIncase you couldn't tell, I am pretty much saying the whole game is solid, other than a few bugs.While the game is DEFINITELY worth your time pruchasing and playing, there are some issues that must be adressed.Because I do not expect theses non-game-breaking bugs to be fixed, I think I should list them for you:Savepoints/shops/NPCs will often not trigger when you walk up to them and attempt to interact. This is fixable by walking away, then walking back - Rinse and repeat.The lighting effect (which appears to be done as an overlay) will often lag behind or freeze. This can make navigating some areas difficult as you will only see patches of light.On entering some areas, it is possible for the aforementioned glitch to have the effect of making the ENTIRE screen be hidden in blackness.On occasion, your character may glitch through a wall and be *forcefully* ejectedAnother thing you may have noticed in the other reviews is that yes, all characters in this game are antropromorphic. This appears to be a purely coesmetic choice, which I feel allowed them to portray certain characters with more diversity, and allowed them to comminicate the driving force of the plot far better.Now, for those who don't care for the story... SPOILERS!By 'driving force' I am refering to the Moonbloods. For all intents and purposes the characters could just have easily been a cast of humans and elves, with Giaus and his men being human, and the moonbloods being elves. The anthropromorphisim simply allowed them to comminicate this racism in less severe tones."
,Recommended,236090,26950002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kit10n  ก/ᐠ｡ᆽ｡ᐟ \ค,"-A traditionally-animated action-adventure tale-An expansive world filled with unique characters, quests, and secrets-Action-packed nonlinear platforming rewards exploration and experimentation-Fully voiced cast and a deep, rewarding storyline-Award-winning musical score by Hyperduck Soundworks-Easy-to-learn, difficult-to-master combat system""... A beautiful, well-written, and entirely fun action-RPG.""Digital Trends 9/10My thoughts, exactly."
76561197995228649,Recommended,236090,26953767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dimitri,great game all around
,Recommended,236090,26944838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[CNR] Drewclam,Surprisingly good game
,Recommended,236090,15298270,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cannelle,"This game was one of the most exhilirating, well written, and Visually-appealing game i have played. It's filled with great gameplay mechanics, as well as great characters. I highly recommend this to any player looking for a chellenging and innovating game. And with th game's ending, it demands more!Edit; Definitely deserves my vote for the 'Im not crying, theres something in my eye' award ^w^"
76561198069097919,Recommended,236090,6562186,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,LordSuya,"Great Storyline, and very well created combat style. An RPG must for us RPG junkies"
,Recommended,236090,22755607,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Belmont ™,...Fidget stole my heart...11/10Artistically majesticControls = fluid and easyGraphics = eyebogglingSound = refreshingGameplay = innovativeReplay = high
76561198111968299,Recommended,236090,22732945,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hammerark,I can't really add anything new to the already overwhelmingly positive reviews but I needed to at least give this game a huge thumbs up.I wanted to just say that this game surprised me from the moment I started playing and captivated me throughout. I couldn't recommend it highly enough.
,Recommended,236090,22709281,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Oddler,Игра крайне хороша!
76561198053160555,Recommended,236090,22803962,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rachelreano,Great game for mashing the buttons destroying waves of enemies to feel like a boss.
,Recommended,236090,22808119,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,jonpmota,"Summary: Set in the beautiful yet mysterious world of Falana, this game chronicles protagonist Dust's journey to liberate an oppressed village, and (cliché) rediscover his past. He is aided by an ancient sword, Ahrah, and his helpful if unreserved sidekick, Fidget.Beautifully hand-animated and painted. if you enjoy exploration, platforming, and above all else, a simple but developed fighting system that rewards skill, This is a great option for you.Casual players will appreciate options tailored to allow them to enjoy the narrative without frustration, while seasoned players will enjoy collection, a deep combo and experience system, and increasingly challenging encounters. Another great entry from Microsoft Studios that was surprisingly great. I recommend this and look forward to another entry to the series."
,Recommended,236090,19666598,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Augustin,"If someone ever asks me, ""Are video games art?"" I would show them this game. This has definitely been one of my best gaming experiences of 2015... Actually scratch that. One of my best gaming experiences of all-time. There's something about these indie games that are free from the corperate bulls**t. You get the sense that there was a lot of freedom and love put into this creation.Pros+ I can not express how much I love the hand-drawn art style. The colours, the lines, they seem so fluent with eachother and provide a great environment to play in.+ A fantastic soundtrack which really adds to the atmosphere of the various locations you visit throughout your journey.+ Satisfying and fluent combat with a variety of attacks and combos.+ Most of the voice actors did a great job in getting me invested into the story and the dialogue is mostly well done.+ The well-crafted full anime cutscenes featured towards the end did a great job of setting up and establishing the scene.+ Adequate length of just over 10 hours to complete the main quest on second hardest difficulty and even more if you want to 100% this game.+ A variety of different items you can craft and use to upgrade Fidget and Dust.Cons- While enemies did have different strategies to use against you towards the end, a bit more during the main adventure would have made the game a bit more challenging.- Sometimes a little bit repetitive which could be solved through more different enemy types.I almost now feel guilty for buying this during the Thanksgiving sale for $3. This mostly solo creation is an absolute masterpiece of game design and is one of those rare pure gems you can find on Steam. I want more! There is so much more potential with this universe. If a sequel is ever completed, I won't hesitate to throw my money at the screen. I highly reccommend this game to fans of old-school sidescroller action-RPG games. This is one of those games youhaveto play."
76561198045285245,Recommended,236090,22838785,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"If you look passed the furry aspect, and the sorta...indie feeling dialogue and VA (they aren't bad, they just feel...middle school level?) you'll prolly enjoy the 2D, side scroll-y brawler-platformer with a sword."
,Recommended,236090,22644763,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,layzMich3l,From time to time I have the urge to play this game again. Lots of fun and great time killer! Recommended!
,Not Recommended,236090,22656539,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,CamSandwich,"Worth it when it's on a deep summer sale for the combo system, but the story and simplicity of the enemies make it hard to reccomend."
76561198104055177,Recommended,236090,18409588,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bruglin,"100% ed this game, was really good only downside was the aweful syncronisation."
76561198065573877,Recommended,236090,23008261,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Urule55 #Youth In Asia,10/10. would cry at the ending again.
,Recommended,236090,22264425,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ludex,you play as an anime guy fox who never takes his hat off and has amnesiaaka generic RPG number 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111
,Recommended,236090,22344485,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mattshadow,"Dust: A Tale to Remember, a game developed with passionThis is the first time I have ever reviewed a title on Steam. Having played video games mostly on consoles as a child I have not really had a huge amount of expeince of PC/Mac gaming growing up. However that has now all changed as I edge ever nearer 30 and now have a top end iMac. I will be looking at the Mac version of the game but honestly it doesn't matter which version of tghis game you have as it is just glorious.Dean Dodrill has single handedly created a passion project that, along with help from others with the sound and playtesting, is one of the true masterworks of indie gaming of the past 10 years. From the sublime visuals to the game engine that runs as smooth as silk with not a hint of slowdown in any part this is a game that oozes the care and attention that many video games of today sorely lack. With a story of both discovery and redemption this game urges you into it's game world and won't let you go until you have seen all that is on offer in the game. The controls are responsive with it's Metroidvania cues very apparent, this is a game that just feels great to play when mowing down enemies or tackling the few tricky platforms or puzzles that take place.One thing I want to massively complement is the way that thios title, that started out as a Xbox 360 XBLA title is the way in which the title has been ported to PC/Mac/Linux. It has more options than almost any 2D title I have ever seen with all resolutions covered, a multitude of option to help with performance and even little things like a colour blindness option. This seems to also be true of the PS4 version which I have heard was also a superb port as well.Are there any faults? There are but they are small and minimal. There was a few text boxes in the inventory screen that had the text not wrapped around correctly when you read some of the completed tasks you have done and the game on the lower difficulties is pretty easy. That is fixed by playing the game on the higher difficulties though, the game will test you harder on those. The only other thing that may hold you back is the art style, that is a very subjective thing and honestly if you have a problem with that then I can understand but i feel you are really missi9ng out.In the end though, most people should of heard of this game and better still many have played it, I may of been late into getting this but by no means does it lack any impact it has now as it did the 4-5 years ago when it first came out. Seriously buy this game and just enjoy a really well crafted and enjoyable game expereince. One we really need more of."
76561198040913902,Recommended,236090,22342151,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,"Fun Game, Thumbs up!"
76561198058879218,Recommended,236090,22335194,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sephil,I don't think I can write anything new. Just look at the reviews. More than 12.000 and 95%+ positive. Buy this game already and enjoy the unique world and listen to the funny furry Fidget's jokes. It's worth every penny.
,Recommended,236090,22283068,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Neo,Mindless button mashing fun with beautiful graphics and a reasonably well done storyline..
76561197976447311,Recommended,236090,718475,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Q-tip des Grauens,One of the best games ever made! I can't complain about one single bit of this master piece!
,Recommended,236090,1624750,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,lambchopp,"metroid-vania goodness with combat that feels a lot like street fighter at times. Learning to cancel the dust storm, confirming juggles left and right, lightning storms all over the place as you whiz across the map. Yeah, it's loads of fun. I'd have liked it to be longer, and I'd have liked the boss fights to be a little more intuitive. You can beat most of them by just spamming the air dust storm and fidget's projectile. The way the dust storm works in the air makes it nearly impossible for the bosses to hit you while you do it since their attacks have such ridiculously long windup times. You just force them to attack in the wrong direction and keep crossing them over for free un-punishable damage. BUT, this does not take away from the game in my opinion. I mean c'mon, you can do the air grab on the planes in the fight against the final boss and SLAM THEM ON TOP OF HIM. You're like ♥♥♥♥ing superman, you just pull more ludicrous power scaling out of your butt every time there's a change of scenery, and it's.♥♥♥♥ing. GREAT."
76561198023048896,Recommended,236090,3455764,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Skiegh,"A game made almost entirely by one guy and it comes out looking and playing as if it were at least made by a small team. The visuals are very well done, very crisp and clean without a harshness to be had. Sprites man, they'll always look good.The gameplay is solid, with very very responsive controls which make what the combat is feel pretty damn nice. What the combat is however, is best described as a torrent of complete destruction. You'll be erupting giant fire storms from the ground while you zoom around the sky at a hundred miles an hour. It's pretty satisfying and in some cases skillful... for awhile.The game's main flaw is lack of variety. What you get within the first hour or so of gameplay is more or less what you have at the end of it all. Very few power-ups, with the only ones you do get being primarily keys that allow you to move in ways you couldn't before, to access new areas. Only one of which really has any impact on combat, and only loosely. The game could have benefitted from some sort of combat enhancing power-ups, that give you new things to do.The above is only an enhanced problem due to the game being surprisingly long. I 100% the game and I have about 16 hours logged. I was expecting more like 8 or 9. So while it's great for the content, the game's repetitious nature can wear on itself.That being said however, it is one flaw of an otherwise marvelous game. The gameplay for what it is, is very enjoyable. The story is... predictable and standard but that for me was refreshing. Also refreshing was how childish the game was in it's narrative and humor. I really did feel like I was playing a children's game that was trying to have a grown-up story about war and internal strife. It was pleasant.As far as sound aspects go, the game is a wonder. Sound effects are clean, voice acting is surprisingly well-done, albeit a bit hit or miss depending on the character. And the music, oh man, it's so good. Do yourself a favor and look up ""Dust an Elysian Tail OST Cirromon Caverns"" (Track 4, not the vintage one.) That soundtrack is probably in my top 10 favorite pieces of music from video games now.One man, a voice cast and apparently an awesome OST from HyperDuckMusic. That's all it took to make a game which I would call an absolute success. Fun, enjoyable and while a bit long and repetitive, is certainly worth picking up. If for no other reason than just to support a man's 4 year work on it."
76561198047248142,Recommended,236090,7888896,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,'BoA' Konaryn,"This, in all honesty, is one of the best games in existance. It has a good story with fun gameplay, memorable characters, good voice acting, and awesome music. It breaks the third wall many times, but in funny and unexpected ways so you never get tired of it. To top it all off, everything but the voice acting and music was made by one man."
76561197991103051,Recommended,236090,21964192,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Puddle,"I really do like this game but for some reason I cant finish it. Everytime ive played it Ive gotten a few hours in and just stop playing. I have fun when I play it, and no issues with controls or mechanics but for some reason I just kinda stop playing and forget about it.One of these days I will actually finish it."
,Recommended,236090,30736752,Posted: 25 March,all,Mikari,"Dust: An Elysian Tail looked like an okay game with pretty art. I didn’t expect it to be as great as it was. Though it has a good story, the parts that I enjoyed the most were the gameplay and humor. I loved the dialogue and jokes between the characters, the references to videogame tropes and the fast paced action. This game may not be super famous, but I highly recommend it!"
76561198218662499,Recommended,236090,21952556,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,stokerscarcare,Finished Dust the other day. Initially I got the game to try and get a metroid vania fix after playing ori and the blind forest. Dust doesnt have the platforming of ori and left me wanting. I let the game sit for a while and came back to it. I ended up enjoying dust but should have played on a harder dificulty it was too easy over all. I would recomend it. Nice game overall lite rpg and crafting elements decent fighting and some platforming puzel elements. It does none of those game mechenics great but brings them together in a pretty package that is an enjoyable experence.
76561198043369921,Recommended,236090,17002863,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,.Katjo,A nicely hand-made kind-of metroidvania fighter game with nice ost. Would recommend.
,Recommended,236090,21918768,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dogesplosion,"ah♥♥♥♥♥♥this game man. loved it so much. the voice acting was epic, the art looked so nice and the music fitted perfectly in each instance of the game"
,Recommended,236090,490457,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Void01,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. Probably not as fun without a controller though. Just get it.
,Recommended,236090,11529015,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jimmy LV3,"The story begins with a hero who doesn't recall anything about his past, except for his name, Dust. So you start off on your magical journey across breathtaking landscape with the help of an adorable creature named fidget and a mystical talking sword that will allow you to pull off nearly endless combos. The journey maybe long with danger around every corner, but it will be a grand adventure for you to remember it as you recover Dust's lost memories and saving the world."
76561198041841044,Recommended,236090,22055555,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Rahiros,"Dust is one of those games that I am pleased to say the only disapponting factor was that there wasn't more of it. The world, the characters, and the gameplay itself is so delightfully inspiring that I wish there were more games and lore behind it."
,Recommended,236090,22116984,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,mundybuddy,Great Game. Reminds me of Gaurdian Heros on Sega Saturn. Nice slasher 2D platformer and good story. What more can you want.
,Recommended,236090,20173843,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gummick,Its the SNES game I'd always wished for
,Recommended,236090,22108817,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Brunstwig,this game made me a furry 9/11
76561198123796242,Recommended,236090,22469484,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ProxyTheFoxy,"Awesome game. The ending is almost as sad as Undertale. Regardless, a very well written RPG, platformer. Definately worth the $15. Not frustratingly complicated, but adjustable for an intense gaming experience. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a rich story-line with easily learned, hardly mastered combat mechanics. Everyone can be a hero, haha."
,Recommended,236090,22407981,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Scro,"This game is fantastic. Once you get past the fact that you play as anime furry, you'll start to appreciate how well-crafted this game is. The art is beautiful, and the storyline is surprisingly good as well. The gameplay is also really fast and pretty much allows you to cancel out of any of your attacks with a dodge which makes it so you can be all over the place (which is really fun to play). The soundtrack is also really good, and so is the voice acting.All in all, this game is definitely worth the money."
76561198044521400,Recommended,236090,22461659,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Crestfallen Bear,This game felt like eating cake
,Recommended,236090,22460277,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"Good story, amazing art, extremely fun combat. Great descision to buy."
,Recommended,236090,22439596,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Asugi,Wanted this the moment i saw the trailer...and luckily enough i was not let down.an absolute must have for any indie gamer or platforemer who would definitly enjoythe rich storyline that this game follows :)
,Recommended,236090,22443004,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,goonMerchant,If only all games were as well designed/presented and polished as this!  A beautiful game which is well deserving of all the accolades and high review scores. Loved the chars in the game and was nice touch to see them all fully voiced. The character progression and equipment are fairly linear and simple but the charm of the game is that it doesnt need deep complexity to be thoroughly enjoyable.  Also a nice touch seeing the unlockable friends honoring such other great games as Briad/Bastion/Super Meat Boy/Spelunky etc
,Recommended,236090,4271857,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Stellar,This right here is possibly the best side scroller I've ever played. The imagery is beautiful and the combat is pretty fn. The story is somewhat generic but I've actually become attached to the characters as time went on.Only minor complaint is the overly cartoony character art tends to subtract from the serious moments of the game often.Lastly Fidget takes Midnas spot as best sidekick.
,Recommended,236090,17011972,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Pika Twilight,"Saw The Game As A Recommended TitleChecked It OutFell In LoveLooked At The System Requirements""Oh God NOOO!!!!""Bought The GameDownloaded ItPlayed ItWas Surprised By How Well It Ran. It Was Locked At 30FPS. PLAYED FLAWLESSLY!!!But That Ending. omfg. Y U MAKE ME FEEL EMOTIONS LIKE THAT!?!?!"
76561198045879136,Recommended,236090,22351162,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,blahney,made me cri evretiem 10/10
76561198129410473,Recommended,236090,24925277,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Wise Old Man,"I didn't come here for the feels (ノಥ,_｣ಥ)ノ彡┻━┻10/10 gameneeds a second game or riot"
,Recommended,236090,22586454,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,KENSHIRO,"loved this game from the start , but only one complain , i have it on tough mode and only the bosses seem to have some difficulty"
,Recommended,236090,13680844,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Digikomori,"If Strider and Sonic-the-hedgehog had a lovechild, that inexplicably took place in a hand-painted cartoon world populated by furries, then you would have this game.I don't know how this concept ever got greenlighted... but it works. It really does."
,Recommended,236090,22908372,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Gustavoooo* buying/trading skins,Good <3
,Recommended,236090,22906634,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,snedr,"Solid, simple hack-n-slash adventure, looks great and runs very smooth throughout. It can be quite a challenge at times and the dialogue is usually terrible thanks to your companion, Fidget, who is probably one of the most annoying video game characters ever created."
76561198120620557,Recommended,236090,23062835,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,WormyEXE,It's a good game. B)
,Recommended,236090,23094036,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,hithisisben,Better than Undertale.
,Recommended,236090,23381385,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DarkNetFan,"This game is amazing and shows what one really good developer can do. The controls are tight, the look is amazing and the gameplay is fun. One of my highest recommendations."
76561198025607952,Recommended,236090,24242050,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ojoo Foo,Great little game
76561197998266429,Recommended,236090,24237677,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,T_Neumann,"+ Awesome looking game, distinct style between all the areas of the map.+ Perfect length - long enough to enjoy without outstaying it's welcome.+ Simplistic yet fun combat, slicing through enemies mixed with Fidget's abilities never truly gets boring.- Side quests are a little lacklustre and amount to nothing other then fetch quests.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,24239256,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AirRai,Awesome 2D sidescrolling RPGPros:-Visuals-Gameplay-StoryCons:-Can be repetitve
,Recommended,236090,23894074,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mr.Catfish,"do not let the furry and cartoonist art deceive you!this one man project still better than 4 million funded project that brought legend franchise name on it.updated: i've finished this game, and it's still leave good impression, the story is not a strong point tho, in the other hand, the gameplay, and secrets are still fun to follow."
76561198138663044,Recommended,236090,24267364,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Varusa Shadowflame,I LOVE THIS GAME!!! WHY IS IS NOT LONGER?!?!
,Recommended,236090,24281840,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[VC]TheDiamondPower,"Amazing both humour and story wise. Art is beutiful, characters are interesting and probably one of the only ""real"" furry games you'll actually come across. Don't get me wrong, the game isn't perfect, but you're not getting much closer to perfection than this."
,Recommended,236090,24273724,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Assassin0fshadows117,"Fun, great characters, great story, great controls, breath taking visuals, and an awesome soundtrack. Also; looking for all the easter eggs and collectables are worth it. The only bad part about this game are it's bosses which were pretty easy, bar the final boss, which was amazing."
,Recommended,236090,24246274,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Benjaman,"Great game! The amount of polish is simply incredible. Loved the main story, art style, side quests, and combat."
76561198050560060,Recommended,236090,24359927,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hanzel Doullery,"I fully recommend this game, not the best I ever played, but pretty goodThe nice things:-Excellent gameplay-Nice graphics-Interesting story-Never a dull momment-Funny, and excellent voice acting-Combat system-Good soundtrackThe not very nice things:-Bosses too easy (maybe excpet the last one)-Controls are not the best (kept falling in jumping sections)-Short (although for the price it is not that bad)-Some songs were nice but not memorableOverall it's a good game. If you havent bought it, do it right now.Worth every cent."
,Recommended,236090,866261,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Hack/Slash,Pretty dang good.
76561198071029467,Recommended,236090,6633949,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Brewpounder,"cheap, goregous side scrolling action rpg"
76561198028725379,Recommended,236090,10576887,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,chainsawgrizzly,"Absolutely awesome. Especially considering only one guy did most of the work on it. Enivronments are colorful and just friggin beautiful. The music is excellent. Voice actors are great (including one some may recognize from DBZ Abridged). Story is very solid with some heavy stuff. The art style is sort of furry, which may be offputting to some people, but its almost in a Disney style so I was personally fine with it.Its an RPG, but in a Zeldaish kind of way. Combat consists of being as elegant as possible and stringing together as many hits to get high combos. Higher combos=more experience. Getting hit once breaks the combo and you have to start over. You have a standard attack and an area attack that you can combine with an additional attack from your ally (a flying.....thing named Fidget) to execute huge area attacks.Its easy to learn, but takes a bit to master. You can level up and upgrade your attack, defense, health and ally attack, but you'll have to mostly rely on dodging. Its simple and a blast to play."
76561198003067849,Recommended,236090,10578213,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The_Ally,"Pretty good game, I love it. The world, the story, everything."
76561198067936483,Recommended,236090,10580056,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DangerVipe,This 2-D sidescroller is worth every penny. The story alone captivated me but the gameplay brought back so many fond memories of the games I grew up with. Pick this one up if you are looking for a game with a great plot and a combat style not unlike castlevania.
76561198035415175,Recommended,236090,10856916,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GinsuBlender,"Something like the PC version of Odin Sphere. 2D Brawler with an important y axis, RPG elements, and beautiful art."
76561198063624929,Recommended,236090,10857364,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Frost E. Bear,"Beautiful! A fun game anyone could play. However, it's a bit too flashy and might hurt your eyes if you play for too long."
76561197980349872,Recommended,236090,10857471,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ekrunch,"Really enjoying this one. Nice story so far, graphics are really well done, great music, good controls. Can't wait to get further into it."
76561198020467207,Recommended,236090,10848171,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Warp,One of the most beautifully animated games I've seen in a long time and ridiculously fun to play.
,Recommended,236090,7310230,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Duskfall,"A surprisingly great game, the hidden characters will keep you returning to different areas and the level design is fantastic. (Plus Fidget is so cute) Oh, and try to get that elusive 1000 hit combo! @__@"
,Recommended,236090,8025946,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,CuriousMints,"This game has a solid story, albeit some pretty awful jokes at times, and decent gameplay. At some point, you'll end up using the special move you get in the game to defeat everything if you're anything like me. I wouldn't say this game is all too hard, even on the hardest difficulty setting. Much of the challenge came for me when my computer would lag when a ton would be happening on screen. However, it's definitely a good game. The art is really pretty, though it is weird that you meet bunny people while there are bunnies running around the entire game. If you're looking for a semi-short but solid game to play, this is a good choice."
76561198045910983,Recommended,236090,8026341,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Frostwolf,Great game!
,Recommended,236090,8036678,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SuperTremoço,Fantástico... simplesmente fantástico!
,Recommended,236090,8037245,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,=|Puruzi|=,"Amazing art, decent length, tight controls. You want this game."
76561198011107573,Recommended,236090,2688935,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,cecilandblues,"I challenge you to find a better Action Platformer anywhere on Steam. Voice acting is solid, art is clean, animation is fluid, interface is good with Mouse and Keyboard or Controler. (Full mouse interface if you are playing with keyboard., not common in a console port)  Enjoyable story so far, wide range of difficulty - some highly skilled players may seek an even higher level of challenge, but for most the top difficulty will be sufficient. The only caution i will give is that the art style is similar in style to Disney's Robin Hood, or An American Tale. If furries really anger you then you may have to miss out on a fantastic game."
76561198045879663,Recommended,236090,7801685,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kyupo,"This is a really good game if you like metroid, castlevania, and sidescrolers beat em ups."
,Recommended,236090,7801826,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Techno,A great Action/RPG game with great characters and a pretty good story! The controls are great too!
,Recommended,236090,4162642,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Kabboose,"If you haven't bought this game then you bloody well should, there really isn't even a need for a recomendation here, it should just be a given that as a gamer this game needs to be bought and played and completed and in turn the love shall follow. Honestly, this is probably going to be one of those games that should be remembered for a long time as being one of the most enjoyable experiences within a game. You owe it to yourself, as a gamer, to play this... Why are you even still reading this? You should be playing it for god sake."
76561198112581280,Recommended,236090,25925359,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JboldtTehCreepah,Pros:+Great Soundtrack+Amazing Visuals+Great Combat (one of the few games where I've ever actually tried to learn all the combos)+Great variety in bossesCons:-Possibly one of the most cliché amnesia stories ever told-Villain has literally no motivation-Lots of fighting through basic gruntsRating: 7/10
76561198178393735,Recommended,236090,20593515,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Celebrendal,good game
,Recommended,236090,25842894,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,PupperoniPizza,"This should not be a game.This needs to be in a Art Museum.Wait, I need to make a furry joke to stay relevantUrmah sod it"
,Recommended,236090,25917965,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SpyderCanopus,Metroidvania with beautiful graphics and a japanese anime storyline.
,Recommended,236090,26307067,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dea†hRow.Zaffre,Simply amazing. If you catch this game on sale by any chance you MUST buy it. It's a good game for all ages!
,Recommended,236090,1897143,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Some Dumb Fox,"If you played Oden Sphere, you'll love this game. My only complaint, it's awfully short. But an interesting story nonetheless."
76561198271083995,Recommended,236090,26218410,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dathal,Absolutely recommend this game!
76561198162809801,Recommended,236090,24909934,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kris7453,"So,  this is one of the best games I have ever played. Nice story, amazing graphic and music. The game have also nice control system and many different characters."
,Recommended,236090,25812278,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Maxinimum17,"Amazing, absolutely amazing. Beautiful art and likeable characters."
,Recommended,236090,25731883,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,XH,"Got it off humble bundle, feels like I'm playing a AAA title.Well worth whatever price it's currently at. Everything proceeds smoothly, you never get stuck on some stupid level feature. I got stuck trying to parry some giants but then I realized you can ignore them and walk by too."
76561198219858045,Recommended,236090,25735670,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rivetspoon,"Could barely put this game down. Just one more save point... One more quest... It's rare that a game gets me that fixated, though it helped that Dust AET wasn't the least bit frustrating, only a challenge to figure out how to get some things done. Though there were a couple spots where I had to look up how to get to hidden areas and didn't quite understand how one would have thought to do what was required. Overall a highly recommended game."
,Recommended,236090,467783,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Null & Void,"This was gifted to me, I honestly never would have bought it myself. --and I would have been missing out on a damn good little game. It's a side scrolling platformer that in a lot of ways reminded me of stuff I was playing 2 decades ago. Although simple as something that was apparently just made as a arcade addition for xblive it was a fun game. I don't know how long it actually takes to finish I did a bunch of needless farming and grinding so I could finish with all the best gear.Oh yeah, finally you definitely want a xbox controller for this one. I would strongly recommend against trying to play it with a mouse and keyboard."
76561198296797856,Recommended,236090,24845686,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,XKairiSoulX,Very fun game to play.
76561198311924946,Recommended,236090,25241517,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Reeichi,"At first, I was very excited for this game. I played, played and played for hours. I began loving it, everything about it. The graphics, the voices and the story. I finished the game in Normal mode, so I went for the Tough one. Well, here's what happened: I hated the game once the first battle started. Why? Because every mob was able to kill Dust in an instant. It got more challenging, but that didn't stop me from playing the game. In fact, I wanted to beat the so-called Tough mode. It got harder later on, but the harder it got, the faster Dust leveled up. That's what I loved the most about the Moonblood Camp, the battles. All in all, it was such an amazing journey with this game. Sure it was love hate love, but overall, I loved it. Thank you for making an amazing game, dear developers!"
76561198042380225,Recommended,236090,4841709,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Riiiiiiiiiii,"This is one of the best games I've ever played; its level of detail, OST, animations, character design, environment, everything, every single detail is perfect or near-perfect. And it is also very fun, and has an excellent story. Again, one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198081715094,Recommended,236090,25206646,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SpotOn,"Bought it ages ago for my patner, she won't play it because it's my go!Great, fun 2D game... Will pick up 2nd game if they make it."
76561198027486673,Recommended,236090,25242045,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dusky (WarTarkus),"I bought this game on a sale, and left it sitting in my library for a year or more before finally getting around to playing it. Waiting that long was a huge mistake.Dusk: An Elysian Tail is a vibrant, beautifully made game. With a meaningful, exciting story and a wonderfully smooth, fun to use combat system it offers a great deal to it! Would definitely recommend it for anyone."
,Recommended,236090,25221596,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zooism,"This was an awesome side-scroller.  First and foremost was the sensible story that kept me invested througout, along with nice voice work.  The addictive nature of the game lies within the loot and crafting system.  The items and armor that can be found in this game is nuts, it was one of the reasons I found it hard to quit once I started playing.  This was a spectacular playthrough with an art-style to die for.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,25083909,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BurrfootMike,"This game was incredible. Good combat, excellent graphics, great music, and most importantly the story was top notch. This game is easily in my top 5 games ever played and the sole reason behind that is the story in this game. It's intriguing, funny, cute, and emotional. I'm going to keep it short and just say that if you want to play a good game, then don't hesitate to play this one. By far one of the best games I have ever played and I couldn't recommend it enough."
76561198285943720,Recommended,236090,25154170,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,❄ ㅍαㅅagetti ♍,Quite interesting and has a lot of puzzles. The story line is really fun and the concept of this rpg is really intriguing.
76561198042325274,Recommended,236090,10374939,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Pyrogoat,"An excellent blend of action, rpg, and platformer that captures many of the best qualities of each. The story is well written and the game is fun from start to finish. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,236090,27778844,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,San Jena,"This game had an incredible amount of passion put into it. The sound and visual design surpasses that of many big-name studios- even without considering the number of people that worked on this, this is an impressive game. That said, there are a few weak points. The voice acting, while pretty good most of the time, has a few instances where it seems phoned in. The plot, while interesting, is fairly cliche, and the lore isn't delved into deep enough to answer a lot of questions.. Finally, the game itself is fairly short- I was easily able to 100% it within 15 hours. However, it is very satisfying to play and the cons are drastically outweighed by this game's outstanding quality. This game is a piece of art; there is no reason not to pick it up, especially during sales."
76561198060015503,Recommended,236090,27770984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Clefspeare,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a cute, challenging, unexpectedly heart-wrenching game that I quite enjoyed. It's simple, but the story and characters are endeering and you come to really care about them before long and the gameplay provides twists and encourages inginuity. I've only played through it once, but from that playthrough I have to give this a thumbs up reccomendation, as a solid, fun, engaging game."
,Recommended,236090,27838911,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dreaker,"This game is a real gem with simple combat and leveling system, great music, beautiful graphics, clever challenges, lovable characters and a touching story.Buy it. Tell your friends to buy it."
76561198143816426,Recommended,236090,27947907,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sylphir,It is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. With its handdrawn backgrounds and its captivating story a must-play for all RPG fans.
76561198061584952,Recommended,236090,27948396,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sergey,"i wasn't able to play it for long due to it crashing in a certain spot, but still pretty fun."
,Recommended,236090,25321116,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Hitzk,"PROS:Dust is an indie gem. I love almost everything about this game. The hand-drawn graphics are really a work of art. The charachters, the environment, the choices of colors are very well thought. It has verious environments to explore. and each setting is unique in its own manner.Story has kept me intregued me so far. I like the presentation style of the story. It builds in such a manner that you care about the characters. It doesn't keep you on the edge of your seat, but it keeps you interested enough to keep going ahead and explore more.The gamplay is where Dust really shines. The combo animations are fluid and are a joy to perform. Though it doesn't have too many moves to perform but it is a pleasure to pull a long combo chain within given move set. (TBH I have spent only 7 hours so far in the game, there could be more combos ahead).It has AWESOME voice over. I TOTALLY LOVE IT. (Fidget is soooo adorable). I was not expecting a good voice over in such and indie title but it surprised me good.CONS:I didn't like/understand the map system. It had no details in it. It is so hard to keep track of side quests. If I have discovered something, which I can unlock later in the game, there is no way to bookmark it OR keep a track of it. I really didn't understand it.All in all Dust is a game well worth your time and money. I would give Dust 8 out of 10."
76561198042085848,Recommended,236090,9402820,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Piccadilly,"I love this game so much. It made me spend all my free time, just to complete it asap. Buy it! :D"
,Recommended,236090,10928638,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mm,8/10 Game play 10/10 Music 10/10 fidget cuteness.
,Recommended,236090,25314925,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mountain do,I am married with kids. I played this game 30 minutes a day. so it took me a month to finish.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,236090,25278743,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Artio,MASH THE BUTTONS!!!!!!
76561198273946409,Recommended,236090,25295021,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,VandaHeartloca,"I first started playing this game 2 years ago and it is STILL one of the best games I've ever played. i don't know how many times I've beaten the game, I just can't get enough of it. I really want a sequel to this game so bad!! <(>//<)> I give my rating 1000/100! <(v//v)>"
76561198029521217,Recommended,236090,22662418,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Colonel Crossfire,"So like, there's a furry dude and like a flying furry sidekick and like a talking sword and like it's super sad and stuff."
76561198066171731,Recommended,236090,25244248,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TurtleButter,"Great music, ceaselessly entertaining combat (At least on hard mode), a ton of charm - which brings with it some slightly cringey dialogue at times - and a surprisingly solid story. Some areas can get a tad bit annoying in my opinion, but then again, I've only played on hard.Play it on hard, by the way. It's quite difficult in the beginning, but if you stick with it, it's fantastic."
76561198103481725,Recommended,236090,13674789,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Loues.S.Cat,"Cute. Very, very cute. A short story with some nice game play through combat tends to devolve into a blinding storm of fire or lightning often leaving you with no idea where the surviving enemies are relative to you. One the other hand it has some great characters, a simple, bright colourful art style and Fidget... Fidget has to be one of the best annoying sidekick ever. They have a voice that isn't like nails on a chalk board and plenty of amusing dialogue, with a lot of jokes that breach the forth wall and they are adorable. I honestly find myself wishing the story was longer and I can really see myself playing again to try and 100% this game.Short, sweet and too the point. Over far too soon."
76561198049528658,Recommended,236090,27396861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Felfox,dont even hesitate to give this game a try
76561198067538549,Recommended,236090,27463292,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,C R O S E R,"prosgreat grapicgreat storyepic sound trackgreat level designgreat gameplayconslimited attack combono real challege if you have high lvl and stron equipmentsoverall it's a beautiful game,metrovania style where you need to aquire certain ability to pass levels,it's gem and must play I recommend it even in full price,it's bit short but it 's well crafted and balanced,highly recommended"
76561197995229744,Recommended,236090,27354756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dust2Dust85,"great game, wish there was more"
,Recommended,236090,27355335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Komenshi™,"A beautiful game, fun gameplay, good story."
,Recommended,236090,27128065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nightmare,Cool game..
,Recommended,236090,7395667,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,slushie,"10/10 Good story, good music, great art. You'd think this game came out of a dev studio rather than 2 man indie effort. Solid game overall that well deserves your time (and money)."
,Recommended,236090,27120947,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,M-Aggron,Is a pretty good fairly standard metroidvania style game.
76561198061502929,Recommended,236090,7401230,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,karinms,"It's more fun than I thought it would be. The graphics & music are good, the characters (so far) are interesting and well done (Fidget is funny), the voices are not annoying although Fidget's a bit squeeky. I like to roam and travel in my RPGs so side-scrollers and platforms are not my favorites. With this game, though, I never really noticed it wasn't my usual RPG.Edit: still a fun game to play."
,Recommended,236090,27092975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WattleNinja,"I don't think I can recommend this game enough. Loved the story, loved the characters the art is amazing. Combat is superb, with a pretty good skill cap for each difficulty, if you aren't careful on Hardcore mode you can get one shot pretty easily. The challenge rooms are well done but a bit too easy.10/10"
,Recommended,236090,27034335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShirahCat,Stop reading reviews and play this game already.
,Recommended,236090,10272311,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Tally,"Just yes. Definately reccomend to anything ever. Beautiful story, engaging combat, Wonderful drawn backgrounds, and Fidget. Context.2/10 - IGN - ""Exceeded expectations, would play again.""4/20 - Snoop Dogg - ""Trippy bra.""Funs/Amaze - Doge - ""Wow."""
,Recommended,236090,21550917,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TrueIvanKa,"Pros:-Great Story & Action-Funny references-1000 Hit-Combos-Nimbats!Cons:-No Minecraft reference, they could actually do that :<-Limited teleport stones.10 Blades of Elysium out of 10."
76561198231643248,Recommended,236090,27380970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Perry,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is a truly unique game with a fabulous Story, fabulous grahpics, AND fabulous gameplay.  I will start with Gameplay.-Gameplay: 8.5/10Dust:AET is a Hack-N-Slash Metrodivanian side-scroller type, without the 8-bit graphics. (more on graphics later) That being said, this type of game needs a fine control.  And Dust:AET delivers that. I played this with a keyboard my first time around, and within the first zone was entirely used to it. It DID take some getting used to, but the learning curve was minimal. Tight, yet not jumpy, the controls matched the art and atmosphere of the game: Fluid.Speaking of art and atmosphere...-Graphics: 10/10OH. MY. Gosh. This game is beautiful.  The still screenshots you see above do this no justice. The Trailer is a decent glimpse. Upon finishing the game, I did research and found that this game almost was done in 8-bit. A horrific thought. I kid you not when I say I have taken screenshots of the game and used them as my desktop. (Wait, is that illegal? I don't care, Figit is adorable!) Really, I cannot say enough about the art.  Oh. Except, if you have some aversion to 'furries' then... sadly, this game is not for you, and you need to go home and rethink your life. ;P-Story: 10/10I cannot spoil anything, but, while you cannot influence the story's very much AT ALL, (even though you get dialouge choices, they almost all say the same thing,) the final twists and ultimate ending is/are jawdroping and perfect. And sad. And VICTORIOUS! ...TL;DR,All in all, this is a small but extremely beautiful gem, with a overall short length, and not much replayability, (unless you'd like to run though it again on a higher difficulty, though I didn't because I did it the first time on the second to highest. :P) but truely worth your time, at fair price."
76561198012653313,Recommended,236090,7395665,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Caribou,"This was an amazing game. It has beautiful art, wonderful music, a good story, and a fun play style."
,Recommended,236090,27384979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delts,"This game was absoultely astounding to play. The art style, the gameplay, the story, the music, and the characters; all of it was just abosuletly amazing and I would recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,236090,19860305,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CiderMonkey,"Dust is a really fun combat/platformer in the ""Metroidvania"" style, with a lot of charm to boot.  Don't let my play time fool you, I have a platinum trophy for this game on Playstation Network.  The basic gameplay mechanics are solid.  Dust controls very well, and pulling off combos is a breeze.  The platforming also feels tight, which is a huge selling point for me as I have always loved 2D platformers.  They have successfully combined combo-based fighting and platforming, to the detriment of neither aspect of the game.  Ripping combos for hours on end can get a bit tedious by the end, but that is one of the few criticisms I have of the experience.The art speaks for itself.  This is a cartoony, but beautiful game world, and was a joy to explore. The characters are fun and interesting, and the voice acting is mostly very good.  Fidget is my favorite, with the right amount of humor to avoid becoming annoying.  The world offers a varied selection of environments to explore, and many different enemy types to battle.  This is a really fun experience, and does not take very long to get through for those of us who no longer have time to complete massive 50+ hour games.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys ""Metroidvania""-style exploration."
,Recommended,236090,27362804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,arcwolf500,"Its best to ignore the dislikes on furry. Getting past the furry dislike, there is such beauty in a game that I think deserves a reward. For one, it was made by one guy and I think its an incredible feat. To be honest, theres no way i would make a game on a deadline."
76561198041468304,Recommended,236090,27380086,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Briars,very touching story that i recommend everyone that enjoys a good sidescrolling platform brawler play
76561197993203542,Recommended,236090,27374832,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Amos,"This game has everything other games should be striving for. It's beautiful even in unexpected ways, the gameplay is always solid, the story is amazing and full of suprises. If you buy it you will not regret it."
,Recommended,236090,27173028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NoName!@# | gamekit.com,Awesome gameplay!!!!!
,Recommended,236090,26973981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zemmy Stabbles,I absolutely love this game.Everything about Dust was just beautiful from start to finish.If you're looking for a medium length game that is rich with story: I heartily recommend it.
,Recommended,236090,27005814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hiei- | FanTheory,Fidget is AWESOME
,Recommended,236090,27048868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khana,"Startlingly good game.Well balanced. Fun gameplay. Amusing characters.It's not especially long, but it draws you in the entire way. The cutesy animal graphics help make the game have a nice, light feel, that lets you face hard times with a heavy heart, but not get crushed by it.An emotional ride, with plenty of great emotions.There's ways in which it could be improved, of course, but it still makes a solid entry in my ""games I look back fondly on"" list."
,Recommended,236090,27046061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ocelot,"I personally love this game. The art, the gameplay, the character design, and even the dialogue. It's a game that so many different people can enjoy, and that's something to admire."
76561198027190019,Recommended,236090,23540312,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,KidoGears,"Dust: An Elysian Tail was an absolute joy to experience. The art style, combat system, level layouts, music, story, and characters just ooze the hard work and determination that creator Dean Dodrill and his associates have put into this beautiful little gem of a game. Anyone who played Metroid or Castlevania back in the day will feel right at home, along with those who enjoy finding hidden secrets and easter eggs while playing through it.I loved it, and I hope that you do too."
,Recommended,236090,27255258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sannya,"It's such a wonderful game. Thank you for creating this.If you like the look, you'll love this game. The story is great, the charakters awesome (the talking sword and Fidget are amazing!)I made all quests, got every secret, I only didn't do all challenges with 5 stars.It was fun and all from one guy. That's really impressive."
,Recommended,236090,402004,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,¦»Nerevar«¦,"Dust – the name of the protagonist, who doesn’t know anything more than that.In this side-scrolling Hack’n’Slash game you try to find out what has happened to you in your past while simultaneously trying to defeat the evil General Gaius.Your compainions, a mystic talking sword and his guardian – a nimbat, are leading you through the entire game and keep having conversations so there’s no time for boredom.While the game lacks some sort of skill system (you only chose which stats you want to improve after lvl’ing up), it balances out more than pretty well with its special game design. It looks amazingly beautiful with a wide color palette and attention to very little details.Don’t want to spoil anything about the touching story, but I'm pretty certain you would like.9.2/10"
76561198030718593,Recommended,236090,27391775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fixban,just a fun game to play once and while
76561198015593653,Recommended,236090,12012492,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,OG Sw!fty,The game is funny and if I could - I'd get a poster with Fidget coz' she's really cool! :) Props to dubbers as well.
,Recommended,236090,27366432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Syrahl696,"Extremely beautiful game, a lot of fun. Definately deserves an award."
76561197992996827,Recommended,236090,27319082,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roflincopter,"Beautiful game, very nice platformer/brawler. Unfortunately cut short, still waiting for a (spiritual) successor"
,Recommended,236090,27330316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lygart,Play this game! It is amazing especially since this game was created by one person!
,Recommended,236090,27311719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shai182,Awesome game that must be in everyones library.
76561198097568645,Recommended,236090,7254543,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Iceman_kun,Great great game!! Fun and adictive!
76561198027460226,Recommended,236090,26932229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koala,"A great game, i already finished it 3 times. It don't offers to much challenge but is an amazing adventure."
,Recommended,236090,26933198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShaDooWz,Mindblowingly art and it's simply an amazing game and truly well done.
76561197974266958,Recommended,236090,26958659,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pintadvs,"Very beautiful and good action/combat mecanics .Very good athmosphere : The characters are cute and endearing, with a story which is dark in contrast."
,Recommended,236090,1962266,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Pandemoneus,"Dust, An Elysian Tail, is a nice action platformer that entertains for the complete 5-7h of game times it offers. The story, dialogs, voice-acting and graphic effects are really outstanding. Only the lack of abilities available to the hero are a little downside.Give it a try."
,Recommended,236090,26810210,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArtORias,wish there's a continuation
,Recommended,236090,27004014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Craiie,"Fabulous game, the art style is amazing. It works best with a controller and I can play it on any system truthfully."
76561198056394799,Recommended,236090,26676869,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mastergauron1,"Such a beautiful journey, throught snowy mountains, glooming caves and green forests.Dust: An Elysian Tail is one of the best platformers i have ever played.The story and the characters drive the player deep into their world and when a tragedy happens you can and will feel sadness.I only found one thing i dislike soo far and that is the fact that they havent made a second game yet."
76561198045564814,Recommended,236090,10912136,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ryboman,"This game is definitely worth the money! Love the story and the effort put into making it is definitely noticeable.  My only complaint about the game might be the repetitiveness of the combat, in that, essentially you`ll be clicking your left mouse button alot.  Don`t let that turn you off this game though. It`s a worth while play and has an amazing soundtrack as well."
76561198094507877,Recommended,236090,19063552,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MysteryF**ker,I r8 this game  9/11 could of been 11/11
,Recommended,236090,26838577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Burdenaru,"What a gem! Now to be fair it's not on the same scale as say Witcher 3 but what I love about this game is almost everything about it was done by one man, he put his heart and soul in to this and for me it shows. Its a fantastic little adventure game and easy to sink 10 hours in to which for the price (especially when on sale) is a decent play time"
,Recommended,236090,26841691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Edd China,Almost cried in the end... ok i admit i cried.
,Recommended,236090,26848208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mystoman,The best indie game I have ever played!
76561198038555359,Recommended,236090,26846850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grimalkinnn,One of my Favorite games
,Recommended,236090,26877203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NeoGenIsaiah,"This game i've been putting off to review because I can't give an unbiased answer, because I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. This game is one of my favorites due to great animation, visuals and although some shoddy voice acting, a great story. This game definitely is the game that got my Test of Time award."
76561198004310949,Recommended,236090,26861073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jzchuan,Fun action game with deep mechanics which makes it enjoable.
,Recommended,236090,26807200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hyper Fox,"This metroidvania game is awesome, I'm fan of Fidget. I highly recommend this game."
76561198020746112,Recommended,236090,26912745,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,}S|<Ld{Soul,"This games is absolutley stunning, with great visual and sound.It has imersive story with likable characters"
76561198004821433,Recommended,236090,26909499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord_of_Salmon,"This game is absolutely stupendous. It is very understandable, that's still garnering even more players to its' already extensive roster of people that've played this, because the game is just so flawlessly executed that you can't help but enjoy it, regardless of your stance on antropomorphic animals. The story is neither generic nor groundbreaking, but that is merely the stage for what is going to be one of the greatest plays of your life. The combat is smooth as a baby's buttock, and the enviroment is so engrossing and welcoming, that you can't help wanting to delve even deeper into the game and its' mysteries. I urge who ever reads this to purchase the game, be it on sale or not, because not doing so would be depriving yourself of an experience unlike many. This is the work of a man determined to blow life into art and make his mark on the world, and the mark is almost a groundbreaking as that on a dinosaur. Ladies and gentlemen: Enjoy!"
,Recommended,236090,23953633,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,danne -nsjl-,One of the best games i've ever played. So amazing. 10/10
76561198099924534,Recommended,236090,26921074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ursinho Flinflon,"Best Indie game of all time, period"
,Recommended,236090,27857398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nqnt41,"This game. I can't even DESCRIBE how good it is. But, hey I may as well try. For one, the gameplay is silky smooth. Combos are rewarding, fast paced and never get old. There are so many nooks and crannies to explore in every single level, which keep you coming back to an area over and over to find every caged friend, every treasure box, every key, and every collectable. The characters can be hilarious, deep, and emotional, with Dust and Fidget easily being the most notable instances. The plot is deep and engaging, with twists and turns all over. And finally, good god its gorgeous. Everything looks like its own piece of art, and I love it.I will admit though, it does have its flaws. The main antagonist was a bit disappointing for me, as he did not have nearly enough screentime and had basically no reason for doing what he did. Ginger could have used more time in the sun as well. Lastly the bosses were a bit underwhelming, except the final battle which was actually really good.Overall, one of my favorite games... well, ever. Outstanding work Humble Hearts."
76561198067430572,Recommended,236090,27858148,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,toastandbutter,Best indie game ever made.
,Recommended,236090,27869384,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,waz890,"One of my favorite 2d platformeres I have ever played. The mechanics are great, the challenge is pretty good (don't be scared to ramp up the difficulty on this one), and I found the story and characters pretty fun.P.S. This really should be played with a controller."
,Recommended,236090,27600003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SlasherIce,"This game has a fun and simple gameplay, beautiful art style, great hand drawn animation, and overall is a good time, only issue is that the game isnt too dificult unless you're on the hardest difficulty but overall its a great game and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,236090,27664549,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HavocZero,"This game is amazing.  The characters are all interesting with good development for the main hero. The storyline is simple, yet it works very well for the game. Combat mechanics are easy to learn and the combos and diffferent enemy types keep it from becoming stale. The artwork is crisp and clean and beautiful."
76561198035885265,Recommended,236090,27691076,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Catazxy,"I nominated this game to ""Best Use Of A Farm Animal"" award!"
,Recommended,236090,27594131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kft,very good
,Recommended,236090,27606153,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,UniVerse,I truly don't have the words for this game. The art style was really well done. The music was superb. The story was terrific.This game is definitely worth the money you pay for it.10/10
76561198115028789,Recommended,236090,13691885,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,rujoth1,10/10 very beautifull and funny !!! ^_^also fun to get 100% on all levels.
76561198005159467,Recommended,236090,27622290,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wahrheit und Gerechtigkeit,"I am not even kidding, This game trancents megaman, best indie action game ever made."
,Recommended,236090,27659036,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AnimatingFeller,"Incredible game, the characters, the story, the art."
76561198025346709,Recommended,236090,27669348,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mario_Grim_Reaper,This is a action side scroller with element of RPG. On the surface it doesn't look that impressive but once you start playing....It grows on you more and more.The beatifully written story unravels as you progress through the game.The fighting mechanics are simple yet very good.So far I haven't found any bugs in the game. Evetyhing is butter smooth. Xbone One controller works perfectly as well as keyboard with mouse.Oh I forgot to say this game was completely made by 1 person.Dust is a Prime example of what indie game should be like!
,Recommended,236090,27670057,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Miresdream,All round good clean fun
,Recommended,236090,27882814,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wtfreaper,"I need Plushies of this, NOW!"
,Recommended,236090,27888077,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♢Emilia♢,Very nice combat system and leveling. Has a great storyline with different difficulties to try.11/10
,Recommended,236090,28031738,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lotus,"This game was a really surprise for me, didn't expect too much of it but really liked it in the end, great OST, characters and animations."
,Recommended,236090,10437336,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,King Sockless,"i'm not crying, just got some dust in my eye 11\10"
76561198089409720,Recommended,236090,28007148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JonBDoe,"This game is delightfully appealing to the eye. Great scenery and fantastic art. The storyline was amazing and quite the twist at the end. Gameplay was exciting and never dull. The combat system in this game was thrilling all the way through. Overall, this game is awesome and hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,236090,28009647,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xan,"It's been a while since I've had this fun while playing a game. Everything about Dust was captivating - the smooth action fast-paced combat, the fun combo system, story, voices, music and, of course, the art & animation. This is definitely a game I am going to replay again in the future."
,Recommended,236090,27996785,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spinx,One of the best deals in sale for sure. Very nice game!
,Recommended,236090,28000313,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AncienTz,"Absolutely brilliant. Everything checks all the right boxes: artwork, soundtrack, combat mechanics, platforming and puzzle solving, voice acting- this game is the perfect example of how versatile both the platformer and rpg genres are.Definitely pick this one up."
76561197972888913,Recommended,236090,28001587,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Noitanis,"This I nominated for the Test of Time Award on Steam November/December 2016.The reason being, I can not for the life of me say that many bad things about it. When it first came out on steam I found it looked quite interesting. Before actually buying it I saw a review of it quite some time later recommending this, so I bought in on a sale. It did not disappoint.The visuals are absolutely stunning and the animations are very good. There are no issues with the controls whatsoever, and the game mechanics themselves works perfectly. Being a Metroidvania action adventure, there are tons of things to discover, with secrets, treasures and challenges.Though, I must say the strongest point here are the characters and the voice acting. Throughout the story, you follow the main characters and see how they develope a very enjoyable dynamic with eachother, and other characters as well. The dialogues may be corny at times, but the voices fits the characters so well it does not really matter.I recommended it after I'd played it a bit to several people I know, this is a gem you don't want to miss out on!All in all, I love this game"
,Recommended,236090,13697332,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TuxedoJonny,"Beautiful art style, great gameplay.  The voice acting could be better and the keyboard/mouse controls are completely broken, but that is to be expected from a port like this.Still a phenomenal quality game that has definitely stood the test of time."
76561198050299572,Recommended,236090,28012983,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ngtholo,One of the best game i've ever played
,Recommended,236090,12529907,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Oxy,"This game is great. The game has an awesome storyline and it is extremely fun to play. I would highly suggest playing on hard or above because it is not too hard of a game, and it can get repetitive if there is no challenge."
,Recommended,236090,15012139,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Zerotan,"Pretty fun hack n slash platformer but the story elements got annoying after a while... just let me slice things...Wonderful weight and flair and sound - satisfying combo building, but getting broken feels like getting cheated."
,Recommended,236090,15013907,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Maybe,Because YOLO
,Recommended,236090,15014720,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ark & Ayri,"I love this game. It really brought back the wonder of some classic RPGs for me, but with side-scrolling platforming beat-em-up!  (The hours are off because I played mostly offline- more like 65 hours play time)I got this game because it was recommended as artsy, beautiful, and is furry. I love the playstyle, the voice acting and plot, and was deeply immersed into a world that is beautiful, but can be silly and scary. Mouse click combinations to attack makes this super easy to play and really fun. I adore racking up combos and shooting weird faire magic at stuff and turning it into a storm of pure death. The backgrounds and character art are so well animated that I doubt anyone will care that this is a 2D game.I am typlically not a fan of platformers. I am really terrible about over-jumping and landing on small platforms. This game has that and I got hella frustrated many times. Luckily it doesn't happen too often. Probably once or twice per area.This game also features (mostly) pointless collectem and unnessicary side quests. I hop right on that crap, I am all about 100% game completion and returning to areas to gather more crap. Some of the collectem is helpful. Unlocking the ""friends"" gives you permanent health bonuses. Chests get you fat stacks of cash and items. Finding all the keys (for previous things) can be challenging and rewarding to see that 100% area completion icon. I turn the whole map purple in saints row every time and modded every car. I know that most games don't have different completion endings anymore but I just get lots of satisfaction out of it.That being said, there's also a ton of stuff you can skip if you just wanna play the game and forward the story line. This does make the game much shorter, from what is already not too long of a game in the first place. And once you know all the plot twists and turns, the game loses some of it's replay value. The battles aren't especially unique after a while so the intrgue is a very big driving force for the game. But the game is worth the first play through and perhaps to enjoy some years later or to let someone else enjoy. I'd call the game family friendly, just with some dark themes. PG13?If you haven't experienced it yet, tottally grab it the next time it goes on sale.Any fan of RPGs, mystery/intrgue, platformers, pretty backgrounds, and flying around with good old-fashioned hitting stuff with magical talking swords will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,236090,15015902,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,Combos are what life is all about here.
,Recommended,236090,15017317,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,HeyItsBo,"Combat is amazing, platforming is fun, puzzles are intesesting, and RPG elements are decent. The lore and story did not interest me at all, and the characters for were not that likeable to me. I'm not a fan of the strange ""everyone is a talking animal"" type of games, but the pros outweigh the cons in this game. The quests are kind of pointless as the game is very linear, but they give you an excuse to continue awesome hacking and slashing, and comboing fun that keeps you hooked. Buying and selling items is pretty straightforward so you wont have trouble keeping yourself properly equipped, yet there is very little item customization, if any at all. The most choice you have in designing your character is how to allot your skillpoints, which determines your playstyle. Either way, you carve your way though screen after screen, as the game is not very challenging itself, though you can challenge yourself as much as you want to by trying to get a higher combo on fights or a quicker time in puzzles.As it stands, the game is worth buying, not as a revolutionary game, but more as a game to sate your hack and slash needs.8/10"
,Recommended,236090,7248088,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Skunker,"It's amazing, simply put. :3"
,Recommended,236090,15009872,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,sloppyjae,I loved this game. Beautiful hand painted graphics accompanied by a very nice soundtrack as well. The combat is awesome and there are a pretty wide variety of enemies and combos to try. HIGHLY recommended. Amongst the best platformers I have ever played.
,Recommended,236090,14913450,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,FLOPPYWEEN,Beautiful
,Recommended,236090,695987,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Ashielf,"An absolutely beautifully mastered game with a stunning hand painted world and increadible soundtrack, smooth fluid controls, and a gripping storyline.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,236090,14916130,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Puppet in the dark,I am dust
76561197985430650,Recommended,236090,15134991,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,"Dust: an Elysian Tail is not what it appears to be. What initially seems to be a competent Metroidvania style sidescroller with a whimsically cutesy art style eventually makes way for an unexpectedly haunting tale full of tragedy, loss and regret. By juxtaposing it's unassuming art style with an offputtingly somber plot, Dust: an Elysian Tail becomes far more than the sum of it's parts. Engaging, powerful, and more than a little poignant, Dust deserves your time."
,Recommended,236090,15136568,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ZizLah: The Commodore,"One of the greatest games i've played in over a decade, Beautiful in story, artwork and music.the musical score is written by a legend in the industry who's most famous for his Deus Ex soundtrack and unreal tournament.Everyone should play this game, to see what a good game looks like, because it's been so long some people have forgotten how great games can be."
,Recommended,236090,615164,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,[GCS]Lord Chalupacabra,"Good game in its own right, down right amazing that one guy did the programming and the art."
76561198000168455,Recommended,236090,28694829,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dolboska,Try this game and you won't be dissapointed.
76561197961575651,Recommended,236090,28829465,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zarunil,.
,Recommended,236090,28889810,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,"I played through this game twice. Once for the fun of it on normal, and the second time for hardcore mode. Both times I had fun. Maybe you might as well."
76561198060920850,Recommended,236090,28897451,Posted: 1 January,all,DeusLier,"guys i just need to say this, Dust:An Elysian tail is a game that i have been trying to play for years, now that i can play it i need to agree with the majority of the others reviews here, it's a wonderful game with exploration, story and good  combat.I would give the game a freaking 9.1I haven't played the full game but i can tell, this game is wonderful, amazing, just play it if you haven't played it yet, enjoy the feeling of being a god of death.But remember, It's not kill or being killed... ;)"
,Recommended,236090,28893778,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Killermicrowave,"Very fun, great story. Worth full price easily"
76561198137022065,Recommended,236090,28897977,Posted: 1 January,all,UltimateRedFire,"This game is a absolute gem, i would recomend this to anyone."
76561198124170602,Recommended,236090,11225237,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,narrow,"this game is  one. of the best,  games  a 5 out of 5  i love it good game ."
76561198317370057,Recommended,236090,28899202,Posted: 1 January,all,Drey,Lets start by saying i got this game by chance and the art style was nice i wasn't expecting much for it at all but i figured imma play the first 10mins in i was WOWed before long i already dropped a few hours in and fell in like with my little moscot pet thingy tho she hates being called a pet Fidget man she always making me laugh and i've grown to love her as a main char as well as Dust but not to spoil anything for anyone i strong say get this game you will get a good time.
,Recommended,236090,28850816,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Girl That You Love,Beautiful storyline and plot. 100% do recommend to all of my friends.
76561198070626128,Recommended,236090,28854657,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,daysofhalcyon,"I don't do this sort of thing very often, but even though I've barely logged 1 -2 hours, I think I'm going to get a lot out of this game.  My reasons are as follows:anthropomorphic rabbits/bearsthe enemies look like the gremlins from 'Gremlins'good brawler style combo systemjust the right amount of RPG elementsSo... like, are the normal looking rabbits and whitetail deer related to the bipedal ones living in pagodas?if so, what sort of relationships exist between them?Is there a sociopolitical heirarchy that all of the animal people are governed by?Madate of Heaven?  Confucian ethics?This game has made me aware of feelings I didn't know I had."
,Recommended,236090,28848965,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ashard,"I finished playing this game a while back and whoa, that is a good storyline. It has a pretty predictable storyline if you don't really know what to expect. The animations are amazing. And the kiting techniques in the game are hilarious. Push a soldier up against a wall and just an 80 hit combo by slide attacking over and over again since it does little to no damage at all. Overall, i thoroughly enjoyed this game and would definitely recommend it to anyone I come across."
,Recommended,236090,28882964,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hillyan [NL],YESYESYESYES!! ALL THE YESS!!
,Recommended,236090,3484548,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,GhostWolf1988,This game is REALLY fun!!
76561198030285367,Recommended,236090,3987915,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,TrailBlazer,If there is anything I have ever learned from this amazing tale of self-discovery/identification is that Fidget is adorable.
76561198021625231,Recommended,236090,31106894,Posted: 12 April,all,Furrfire,"I really tried to love this game, but I cannot. I like it and recommend it but, it just felt lackluster to me.The art is stunning, really great artist who made this, but it goes by so fast it was like ""why bother""? Most of your time you'll just be jumping and tornado spinning through the whole game, which means this game is not grounded on earth like a ZELDA 2, instead it's more like hyper turbo flying spinning crack fox adventures. I can't help but think how cool this game would be if it controled more like a zelda and was redesigned a bit to be more down to earth, yet I know most kids these days will find this game to be amazing for being so hyper- with a million lightning bolts and nuclear explosions every time you spin your sword- which you can swing at 5000 rpm in this game. Meh... lame..The music was mostly ho hum, a few nice tracks but mostly dull. I like to call music like this professionally produced uninspired music, though most people would probably love it. The progression was mostly a sleeper, with a few stats to increase with experience points, again lackluster to me but most would probably find it amazing. The story was enjoyable, no complaints there. I did enjoy it overall, but I was expecting something epic and just got a sorta good game instead. The dev might make a sequel someday, I'd buy it. It's good enough for that.Games like super panda adventures are far more fun to me if you want a comparison of something similar in gameplay.I'm jaded so don't let my review steer you away, most people would adore this game."
76561198234053152,Recommended,236090,16871638,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,redwolfzero,"I've played many fantasy sword games like Brave Fencer Musashiden, Musashi Samurai Legend, Zelda Series, etc. But suprisingly, this one is just as amazing and enjoyable. The story line is very well put together, keeping your character in the dark of who he really is and slowly bringing his memories back along with many shocking revelations of his past. Also, many tearful moments and cutscenes. The main character's sidekick is perfect for comic relief and she has her moments. I also enjoyed the level design and artwork for the characters (Great voice acting I might add). The music they made for the game is at some moments calm and peaceful and others just have you wanting more adventure! I've played this game at least twice through (once on normal and then Hardcore. Four different modes to play btw including Casual, Normal, Tough, and Hardcore. If you feel the difficulty is too easy, try the harder modes it makes for much more of a challenge as spikes and bosses tend take either half your health or one shot you, but with proper spec, gear, etc you'll be able to beat it.) The gameplay is a 2-D hack and slash game where you can perform combos, get new abilities that assist find hidden rooms with treasures, use projectiles to attack enemies, farm gold from enemies which is used to buy materials to make gear or buy food items to restore health (not to mention revival stones in case you die) and has a leveling system where you can spend points on stats. Bottom line, if you enjoy a one player fantasy/action/adventure game, this is the game to buy and play! :)"
76561198195546877,Recommended,236090,31125135,Posted: 13 April,all,DobLo 6,"Ok so...Dust an Elysian tale is the best thing coming out of DC Rebirth right now. I played the game at the hardest difficulty from the start and man it was gooood. The graphics fit to the overall game and the way u fight is amaaaaaaaazing.The story is really touching and i would recomend this game. Also, i have played like 10 hours more but they were offline so steam didn't count them."
76561198008502699,Recommended,236090,31153357,Posted: 15 April,all,thebeast92,Get the bloody game
,Recommended,236090,30236307,Posted: 28 February,all,tehnmakar,Played through and I have to say I enjoyed it throughly.There was a couple of minor things but they can be overlooked easliy with all the very nice visuals and fun combat.
76561198353547080,Recommended,236090,31194617,Posted: 17 April,all,"Gift-giving, Genie (Sun)Garru","Some have said that this is what Mighty No.9 should have been. I find that incredibly disrespectful to Dean Dodrill, his co-workers abd this amazing game. Even Though they had the bare minimum they made an incredible game that surpasses most games i've ever played and never ceased to entertain me even in the weakest part of it. It's animation is beautiful, it's characters charming, it's world is explorable, it's got amazing music, Dean and the rest actually put Thought, love and care into it And the list goes on. I can't tell you how much this game means to me."
,Recommended,236090,25825699,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Studious,"There's a lot of things to like about this game. It's expressive, vivid and beautiful. The gameplay is fluid and exciting, if a bit one dimensional. This game certainly had a lot of passion and hard work put into it, which is more than I can say for a lot of AAA schlock titles that come out today.The biggest thing this game has going for it is the amount of investment required to really dig in. That is to say, none. The game is poised to suck you in with little overhead on the part of the player. The colorful visuals also help in this respect. Dust essentially takes a fairytale setting, and puts a spin on it. The gamedesigner of Dust clearly had a vision. And since this game feels just as much an art project as it is a action game, there's a lot to take in here. Character designs range from very well done, to uncanny, to lacking. It all depends on if you can get a bead on what the designer was going for. The more time you spend with characters, the more time there is to understand.The story is by no means standard. One gripe I do have is that an amnesia plot takes a lot of effort to make functional. At some points while playing the game, I couldn't help but feel that things could've been told better. Details were missing. Things that would complete the story just weren't there. It's clear to me that the artist didn't have enough resources to patch these problems over, or the artist's vision was incomplete. In a way, the plot lets part of the game down; just do to how much the game holds back until the end. More nuance here would've helped the execution, but it really comes down to if you can fill in the blanks yourself.Everything metroidvainia is here. To slowly unlocking more powers, to backtracking in more or less every area to unlock more goodies. Initially, I was so enamored by the gameplay that I was willing to go back and hunt down missing pieces of the map, and missing treasures. Eventually I did tire after not being able to complete a handful of areas. The gameplay is this games strongest point. It never got boring for me, but I can say that it is formulaic. Combining your two stongest attacks is enough to beat just about anything the game throws at you.In the end, it was a really fun adventure. I can examine each part individually and see the flaws, of I can look at the art project wholistically. This was a passion project for someone, that much is clear. This really is the game for people who like fun gameplay, beautiful visuals, and room to use their imagination."
,Recommended,236090,2066841,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Suspicious Delicious,Only played an hour and......... it's freaking great. Fun and esay to play for any gamer. It's on sale now and well worth the buy. 10/10
,Recommended,236090,24119133,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JRockCharme,I was very skeptical of this game because I thought the art makes it look like a kid's game. But it was recommended by a guy who has the same taste in games as me so I tried it out (It was 2$ on sale!) now I can't stop playing. It's the perfect combination of rpg/story/platformer/indie/action/fantasy (so much more) all together. The art is amazing (it was hand painted) and the voice acting is surprisingly good.  I think this is the longest I have ever played a game non stop. Best 2$ I have ever spent!
,Recommended,236090,26083465,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,FloofyKitsune,"Wow. I just finished this game for the first time, and all I can really say is ""wow"". There are so many things that this game has done right:- Mature, well crafted story- Gorgeous artwork- Great music- Fun, responsive combat systemAfter having a few disappointments in gaming recently (I'm looking at you, No Man's Sky), I was suprised at just how much polish and effort went into this game. Obviously, there are some improvements that could be made in inventory and crafting, and I agree that Fidget's voice was somewhat annoying, but those complaints are pretty superficial.Honestly, I think thatDustmay have ended up on my list of favorite games. And for $15, you can't really go wrong. So yeah, buy the damn game."
76561197993527805,Recommended,236090,26121200,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SWolf777,Great game. Took me back to some of the RPG's I used to play.
76561198114677637,Recommended,236090,26089439,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Big Bad Wolf,"Dust: An Elysian Tail   --------------quiet a curious little name. While you maybe wondering about its worth, let me tell you this straight up- it is a game that is not gonna sit around idly collecting dust(wink...wink).The game isnt a high budget AAA title that is gonna blow you away with photorealistic graphics nor does it attempt that sort of things.The game tries to tell a story that is both interseting and compelling and does that flawlessly whilst providing a tried and tested side-scrolling style fast-paced combat that you will like after the first 10 mins.Pros:-Fun gamplay-Intersting story (the twist about my identity left me pleasantly surprised)-Fluid combat-Mildly challenging-Solid visuals for its genreCons:-Honestly none really other than the fact that you dont get the end of the game free roam (you have to roam using the very last save point) I dont have any major complains.9/10 Definately worth grabing the title up since its basicly dirt cheap during the sales."
76561198024983364,Recommended,236090,26095842,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Camreth,A stunning game with a interesting story and metroidvania elements. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,236090,26303591,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rocho,"It's a good game overall but it gets really dumb right in the last half, the ""power ups"" don't make any sense in gameplay wise (now you can jump super high when there is air! WOW!) or the one with th vines (yeah the main protagonist can't grab vines unless he gets a power up)  there is a cool puzzle mechanic right in the end that includes the secodary character skills but is just that one puzzle it would be cool more of those, also the power ups to the secodary character stop appearing and she gets stuck with 3 powers that are really similar, and the last segment was painfully repetitive and confusing (that's why you don't put large numbers of allied units in a 2d game kids!) it's a super big fight between the baddies and the goodies but in a hack and slash game is not easy to distinguish who is who so you end up being hit from behind because you thought that it was one of goodies, this could have been fixed just by putting the fight on the background. Now story wise.... I never understood why the bad guy was the bad guy, I mean yeah he is killing a whole race but we don't know why is like ""yeah he is doing the bad somewhere! and doing the bad is no good!"". I know that I looks that I might not like the game but it was gorgeous to look at and the gameplay was fun it's a good game the key is just to think to yourself ""yeah at least looks good and it plays fine"""
,Recommended,236090,24761851,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Catmints,the gamplay is repetitive and the story is very cheese but i enjoyed it even though the story is cheese it was still able to pull me in
76561198096179141,Recommended,236090,24746259,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,stopthebandwagon,Great music and exciting gameplay. Never a single dull moment althought the platforming can feel a little slippery and inaccurate. The story and voice acting did not do anything for me because the gameplay is where it shines.
,Recommended,236090,24473854,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Twilight Shadow,"I almost wouldn't believe that this was an indy game because it was so well done and so VERY fun to play. The visuals are fantastically hand drawn, and while the dialogue can be a bit cheesy at times (at the time that I first played it, it was very 'in vogue' to be as self aware as it is, but the core story still holds up very well even all these years later), it's overall very well done. All indy's should strive for this level of excellence.I have two recomendations:1: If you love or even just like Metroidvania style games, then you should play this. It's a classic indy that a lot of people miss.2. If you are a furry, then you should DEFINITELY play this game. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,236090,24664928,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,The Depressed Silver Night,"Dust: An Elysian Tail, this game is so free formed, giving you freedom to move were you want to and do what you want to do, while keeping you up with the story. With many side quests that will help you in more ways than one, and are fun to go on. The story is astonishing, the art is breath taking, and the characters are so in depth. With every step I took in this game, even retracing my steps, I knew I was going to find something new everytime. With each area being as large as it is, and the levels being larger, you will find many secrets in Dust: An Elysian Tail. The game will make you feel like you are the one doing all of the actions, giving you the power to decide what you want to do, even if you are on a set path. With all the areas to explore, and achivements to aquire, players will have fun trying to 100% the game. If you are thinking about getting this game for a friend or yourself, do what you wish, but I will let you know that this game is beautiful, and will be enjoyed by all."
76561197970356355,Recommended,236090,24672676,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jöggeli,I like it
76561198049458195,Recommended,236090,10645712,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[DHP] Indiedev,"This game has some bad♥♥♥♥♥action, a great story and RPG elements that will keep you hooked for quite a while. It plays very well and looks beautiful. I would recommend this to any indie game lover... It was developed by one guy and I never would have guessed."
,Recommended,236090,24523985,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,[PROZ] Essa Alfan,"An awesome story telling rpg/action packed game!Stunning hand painted graphics.I grabbed it on sale, totally worth it!"
,Recommended,236090,24525435,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,deadlyspider,"Love this game, beautifly animated with simple and fun combat."
,Recommended,236090,2083150,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Tiwill,"Now THIS is a high quality indie game. Outstanding visuals, great atmospherical music, highly satisfying gameplay, fun characters, varied environments, all combined in one amazing adventure? Hell yeah.9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,236090,7566235,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,PERPLDERPL,"Very well put together indie with amazing visuals and fun combat... ""IT'S THE BEST"""
76561198090300321,Recommended,236090,9115388,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mishka,"This game is absolutely awesome! The graphic, music, actors voice acting, story are amazing! It is not just a game it is a  good fairy tail and you're a part of it. There are a lot of humor in this game and Fidget... she is absolutely charming. All characters are well written and c'mon guys this game is not expensive.Please, give me some more of an Elysian Tails! I want more, more, more....One of the best games ever."
,Recommended,236090,12798802,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ethrin,"I absolutely love this game, as it is one of the best games that I have played.  The soundtrack and combat are amazing.  However, what brought it together the most for me, was the character development.  I enjoyed all the characters because they all provided a critical function within the game.  By the end of the game, I was emotionally connected to these characters, which put more power into the conclusion of the game.Gone Home (Journey's End) (The ending theme), is one of the best tracks in the game; especially powerful if you are emotionally connected to the characters.  I have learned to play it on the piano, and it has been a joy to explain Dust's story to those who have not played the game.It is definitely a labor of love!  If you are not sure, pick it up during a sale...  This is a game that should be experienced by everyone who even has a passing interest in video games."
76561198075202992,Recommended,236090,13278085,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lyric,"Yes I recommend this game! How could you not. An indie title that feels major-released because of the passion placed within it's contents. Do yourself a favor, and pick this masterpiece up!"
,Recommended,236090,5839807,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Raikou67,Personally love the game style myself; certainly fun watching the big hits rack up when you've yet to be hit once
76561198092568424,Recommended,236090,13196181,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,cyndarella,"This game is awesome!! I purchased based on the ""overwhelmingly postive"" ratings - and I can happily say I was not disappointed. I love the adventure and combat. It was a bit weird getting used to the map and layout of everything but you catch on quickly. This game is highly addictive. I also love the story line and the bickering between the two main characters - hilarious! Highly recommend for something fun and adventurous!!"
76561198042438008,Recommended,236090,8114612,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Strife09,"One of the first Indie titles I bought.As an aspiring game developer, the story behind the production of this games is only matched by the game story itself. A great action/rpg-ish 2D side scrolling game that has ""stolen"" some decent hours of my life.Totally recomended."
,Recommended,236090,19441607,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ultrablockstar,"I'm a bit late to the party, however I feel the need to write a review for this game anyways, considering how much I've enjoyed it. Despite my seemingly immediate praise of the game, that doesn't mean it lacks actual flaws.With that said, let's start with the game's two biggest strengths, the first being it's asthetics. The game is gorgeous, even with the settings set to minimal it remains a rather great looking game graphically and is well optimized, the game is capable of running in a good margin between 30-60 fps consistently and the only real instance of lag is mostly when I spam Fidget's enhanced attacks, even then it still runs very smoothly. It also took me a while to notice the subtle mixture of 2D and 3D rendering which makes the game look nice and detailed. However the background and foreground can blend in too much which can make platforming rather annoying (Then again platforming in Dust can be tricky at first to begin with), also sometimes you can lose track of Dust durring large battles.The gameplay is where the game truly shines, I will admit that Dust's gameplay is the most satisfying I've ever experienced in a long time, to the point it's still fun treating underleveled enemies like ragdolls. Platforming as stated prior, can be tricky at first, particularly the climbing vines, though you'll get the hang of it quite easily. The one and only thing I can say that's remotely negative about the gameplay is it's difficultly, as in the game is radically easy on Normal and below, granted Dust is a character who's rather squishy when low leveled, take the time to level him up and he practically have became something akin to a demi-god. Ironically I actually would recommend playing Hard instead for your first playthrough, solely because of how easy the game naturally is.Finally the story... before I state any criticism about the story, before playing this game my expectations for it's story was rather low after learning about a several cuts this game have went through (Apparently the true main villain was axed from the final game as well, and frankly despite how epic and climatic Gaius' fight was, I personally did not consider it Final Boss worthy, I will explain why soon). I will say I was still surprised despite my low expectations, as in I was expecting something worse, however that doesn't mean these cuts weren't obvious. The story had a great set-up, setting and characters have indeed interested me, in fact I will admit that in the very least I was attached to the main characters. Sadly despite the great introduction and rising action, the story sharply falls flat at it's climax, and honestly lacks a proper conclusion anyways, all because of lack of proper exposition. There's a frequent amount of ""info-dumps"" which strangely left me with more questions, for exampleThe realization of Dust being created from the souls of Jin and Cassius, could've been written better if it still didn't feel so ambigous at the moment it was revealed, in fact alot of things in the world of Elysium felt rather ambigous even till the end. The character I disliked was Gaius, and this is mostly because it was fairly obvious that he wasn't meant to be the actual Big Bad to begin with, although as a villain he have done many horrible things, such as genocide, the thing is that just telling the player he did these things honestly don't have much a impact, even down to his design I knew, the moment I saw him, that he would be a disappointing final boss.In short, the gamplay is amazing however the story feels rush and honestly convoluted (perhaps my opinions towards the story may change if there's any other content that might explain things alot better, with that said, I will be lenient towards the story nonetheless)."
,Recommended,236090,30502446,Posted: 13 March,all,SHADY11x,"Picked this game up a long time ago, didn't really play it very much. Started playing it again and right away really liked it. Combat is fun, lots of combos and dashing around. Dialog is actually pretty good, I really like Fidget's character, even if she is a weird flying fox thing. This is the first game in a while that I actually want to play more of and look forward to sitting down with it again.I definitely recommend playing with a controller, much easier to play with. Get this game, it is worth trying out.EDIT: Holy hell, just finished the game. AMAZING.... simply amazing. The feels are real. Such a good game. Go play this right now. Right now. Do it."
,Recommended,236090,19431798,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,2cat2curious,"In my dreams, I was FURroni Kenshin, better known as CATtousai- the MEOWnslayer.As the pinnacle of edgy neon blue fursonas, I shed blood and melodramatic anime tears as I tried to piece together my DARK BACKSTORY.Reminds me of Fortune Summoners, where a solid and fun game was presented in a style that might surprise players, and with a slightly overcomplicated interface. The combat here is fun, and nearly everything feels polished. I glitched myself into a few places I wasn't supposed to be, but the designers clearly knew that was possible. I have no serious complaints about the gameplay (yet, at least). Before I whine, let me make clear that this game is REAL GOOD.Everything OTHER than gameplay in this game, however, screams cringey deviantart profile. I wouldn't be surprised if the main character ""Dust"" first saw life sketched in a school binder or as an online rp character.""His name is DUST and he's a BLUE CAT MAN with a MAGIC TALKING SWORD and a FLYING CAT FAMILIAR and he USED TO BE EVIL but NOW HE'S GOOD and he's the BEST SWORDSMAN but he's SUPER CONFLICTED and he stares off CLENCHING HIS FIST A LOT.""Still, gameplay amazing, sound is great, exploration aspects are fun, and if you REALLY can't handle the ANIME EMOTIONS there is a ""skip dialogue"" button."
76561197984896628,Recommended,236090,19397248,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DeargSleepyFox,"Graphics: <=D, Sound: <=D, Control: =),  FunFactor: <=D, Challenge: ADJOW: CharmingRecommendation: Get it on sale, art style may deter some people."
76561198042257127,Recommended,236090,19413714,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pnut!,"Great Story, Fast-paced gameplay, good pacing, and plenty of replayability. You will find yourself trying to get 100% of everything because the game is just that good. The game will probably take around 15 hours to fully complete."
76561197965361589,Recommended,236090,211225,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Psymon²,"Very good game, so long as you don't mind everyone in it being an animal."
76561198121429434,Recommended,236090,13770375,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jaden Von Bat,"Okay, right up there with Freedom Planet, this is one of the best games I've played in 2014 (I got this yesterday, so it still counts as getting it in 2014)! The animation and colors are beautiful, the action is great and so far, the story is awesome! I especially like the characters in it. The eponymous Dust has quite the personality on him, especially when interacting with Fidget who is kinda like Navi from Ocarina Of Time, except, she's useful and...Y'know...Likeable! There's just one thing that bothers me...Is footwear a rare thing in Falana? Because as it appears, Dust, Gaius and his army are the only ones wearing shoes...Update (Contains spoilers...You have been warned!): The only real caveat is right at the end of the game, it gets a little glitchy (Mainly at the animated cutscenes and when you are doing quests in the Moonblood encampnent...Other than that, still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,236090,4678900,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Tumbra,epic game crazy hack and slash combo's yet requiring skill and timing to do well in the game. also comes with great storyline and soundtrack
76561198051394999,Recommended,236090,7644103,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Kyleh,"From the vibrant colours to the absolutely lovable characters, Dust: An Elysian Tail can easily make for a fun and intruiging game filled with hilarities and heart touching moments that would easily make for a wonderful addition to any game library."
76561198035132640,Recommended,236090,7876492,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,h3llh0und0m3ga,"I saw the reivew by TotalBiscuit on YouTube about this game before I bought it. He had nothing but GREAT things to say about this game. So, I decided to check it out.This game is AMAZING. I have never played a game like--let alone an indie title! I could not stop playing it. What the most impressive thing about this game is it's RPG element. The story behind this game is absolutely stunning. You cannot help but get overcome by emotions. i was crying at the end of it!Beyond just the gameplay, the art in this game is beautiful and the musics is wonderful. So many times I actually stopped in game just to look around. The graphics in this game aren't the super-realistic type that you would see on other titles, but it is no less beautiful. In fact, it is quite refreshing from all the super-realistic graphics nowadays.Really, if you are still reading this review you could be already playing."
76561197980293009,Recommended,236090,7877233,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BulletMagnet,"One of the best platformers I've played in a very long time. Great story, artwork, and graphics. Definately worth picking up for some button mashing goodness."
,Recommended,236090,7877307,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jonathan,I had a lot of fun with this game.  Cool graphics with Super Metroid type gameplay.  The story was descent.  There are also a lot of hidden things to find if that is your thing.
76561197985363532,Recommended,236090,7877478,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TL Mytt,"So, when I bought this game, i had no idea about what i got into. I never really liked beat-em-ups so i was reluctant to get it at first, looking at it two or three times before actually getting it. When i finally bought it i completely forgot it and did not begin playing it until i finally saw i had a game in my library i did not know. so i got into it with pretty much no expectations, because i couldn't even remember it.But i must admit it was great, it completely blew my mind, with great gameplay, and one of the best storie i have ever experienced. The beat-em-up style didn't hurt the game at all, because it was so erll executed. I can say, hands down, that this is the greatest game i have ever played. Before this, kingdom hearts held the title, for 10 years or so, so it is really not a title i'd give to any game.I'd reccomend it to anyone and if you sit in doubt as i did, i hope you'll give it a try, as you will not get dissapointed."
,Recommended,236090,7877908,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DgnT,"Nice game.  Decent story and characters.  Good art, gives the game a unique feel to it.  Gameplay is solid (if a bit easy on the standard difficulty).  Overall a worthwhile game."
76561198005762351,Recommended,236090,7883088,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,=SC= Necrotic,Buy this game I guarantee you will not regret it =)
76561198036212216,Recommended,236090,4380642,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Ameretat,....It's worth buying it just for Fidget.Really.
,Recommended,236090,7883477,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Zason,"I really enjoyed this game. It was fun to play and had an interesting story and entertaining characters. I got it at full price and was completely satisfied but currently it is on sale, go get it! (:"
,Recommended,236090,7883526,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Michael,"Fantastic, hand-painted/drawn artwork combines with an excellent soundtrack, entertaining gameplay and an interesting RPG mechanic to make a game well worthy of your $15, with the prospect sweetened even further by the fact that this title is currently on sale at 75% off. If you enjoy ""Metroidvania"" style games and also enjoy action RPGs, your four dollars couldn't possibly find a better place to be during this year's Autumn Steam sale."
76561198027057268,Recommended,236090,7883837,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Wheelock789,"Solid platformer/RPG hybrid, as long as you don't mind the juxtaposition of Disney-esque character design and racial genocide.  Highly recommend a gamepad of some sort though - I think trying to play this on a keyboard would have broken my wrists."
,Recommended,236090,127862,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,AvWolf,"A gorgeous action-platformer, with just a hint of JRPG sensibilties.  There are stats, inventory, and item crafting, but those elements are (rightly) fairly sidelined by the tight game mechanics.  It's an action platformer in true classical style, with a stunning ""hand painted"" aesthetic.  (Also, animal people, which is a thing I'm always excited to see.)The game plays very well, with satisfying combo sets and abilties.  The voice acting is pretty solid; it's not Bastion, but it's still well written and delivered.  There's a very snarky, self-aware sense of humor that pervades the game, which I appreciate, especially since, if played straight, the game would probably be pretty grimdark and depressing; a tone that wouldn't mesh nearly as well with the aesthetic and mechanics as the fanciful, winking humor does.I'm pretty forgiving of the fourth-wall breaking because those references largely come from the ""comedy relief animal mascot"" character, and that archetype is pretty well known for breaking the fourth wall.Dust is a great deal of fun, and the art style is truly delightful.  Absolutely worth the time and money to play."
76561198018705708,Recommended,236090,3189180,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Gracious,"This great game seems even greater upon learning that everything besides the sound/music and voice acting was all done by one man, Dean Codrill. This is something everyone should try at least once. Set the difficulty to max because the the game is rather easy to play."
,Recommended,236090,7231756,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,DJ André Marques,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Totally worth for everyone who enjoys gorgeous 2D graphics, excellent music and in-game exploration systems."
,Recommended,236090,7884286,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,KageTsuki,"One of the best advanture games ever created. Great story, awesome soundtrack and extremely well hand-drawn art."
,Recommended,236090,7884305,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rabid Llama,"This game is a ton of fun, very pretty, and quite well designed. Very impressive considering it was predominantly a one-man effort! Recommended for anyone who enjoys action-platformers."
,Recommended,236090,2334914,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Meioh,Beautiful graphics.Excelent Story.Brilliant gameplay.Simply put a must play game.
,Recommended,236090,1673493,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,(PG)RuntCaustas,Simple game with a very good story line. I would Recommend.
,Recommended,236090,25877791,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,puphop,"Dust: An Elysian Tail is an action packed beat-em-up with some RPG elements like leveling and gathering new/better equipment by either finding treasure or crafting it using materials dropped by mobs. 80 to 90% of the game was animated and programmed by a SINGLE PERSON.Pros:Smooth and responsive combat systemCharming characters and developmentsGripping story arcHardcore mode for challenge seekersIncredibly detailed from animations to particle effects to UI; This game is filled to the brim with ""the little things"".New movement abilities you collect along the way keep the game from being staleIncredible sound track by HyperDuck SoundWorksCons:No middle ground difficulty, Hardcore is extreme difficulty for a first time player, everything else is rather easySome of the treasures required to 100% the game (117% in this games case) are nearly impossible to find without a guide.Occasionally repetitive combatThis game is a solid 9/10, definitely something i'll play again."
76561198029524295,Recommended,236090,3944837,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Nav,8.5/10would buy again
76561197988605267,Recommended,236090,7528231,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,₳ʂɱΦɳɗɑɨ,"This game in a word?Beautiful.This simplistic 2D-platformer with animation in character-talk mode and combatmechanic may make the seem rather average, but with gorgeous back-dropand sound and music track builds a visual that most people can enjoy.Story is rather simplistic, but is interesting with cast of good characters,the plot twist mayhap come as bigger suprise then it should.8/10"
76561198054536912,Recommended,236090,25992803,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tortas,"A surprisingly mature and complete action platformer. The story is enticing and while the dialogue is sometimes a bit childish, the theme and content as a whole has great depth. The game is quasi-linear, encouraging you to revisit areas to level and re-explore upon moving new moves to get more treasures. On tough difficulty I was able to get through the game in about ten hours, but i definitely took my time and tried to get up to 90% found treasure at each area. The gameplay can be as complex as you want it to be. You could probably get through the whole game just mashing buttons and having a blast, but you can also learn and discover combos and unleash a whole new level of♥♥♥♥♥kickery that is really, really satisfying to engage in.Definitely worth a few bucks if you see the game on sale like I did. You'll probably be surprised at how much fun you'll have, just like I was."
76561197974085922,Recommended,236090,26551666,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Khorne,A fun action platformer or Metroidvania style game.
,Recommended,236090,28516115,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,stubrier123,I was lost for words after my first time playing this game there was just too many positive things for me to say about this game its that good. But if I could describe it one word...... IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
76561198076113096,Recommended,236090,28389401,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FateFly,The best 2d action platformer in my library
76561198138003052,Recommended,236090,28214376,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Captain Matchlock,"This game... I cannot describe the awesomeness that I felt as I played it. First, I wake up in the middle of a forest thinking ""Ooh, pretty!""... Then I get to hit stuff and feel like a NINJA. No seriously, the fluidity of the movements... I spent an entire hour going back and forth between two areas of the map just slaying the mindless grunts and feeling like a master swordsman.Then there's the story. It's mysterious, funny, and a little sad, but thoroughly enjoyable. You play as Dust, the mysterious main character with amnesia, on a quest to find his identity... But fate has a deeper purpose in store for him.You are accompanied by Fidget, who looks like some kind of flying fox-weasel but is actually a significant part of your offensive capabilities.Oh yeah, there's also a magical talking sword.All in all, this game has plenty of references and some fourth wall breaks. If you like when a character breaks the fourth wall, aside from giving the player details on ""How do game"", then you'll like this one.----This is one of those games where you just wish were also a television series. I hope the developer makes another game in the same world, maybe a prequel to this one, or a continuation of this story.Do not pass up on this game."
,Recommended,236090,20285635,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Absolution,"I do recommend this game: It's something new, the battle system is engaging and there's lots of neat things to do ingame. Many puzzles, the controls are nice and the art is good. Enough to keep you playing for some time.Pros:Lots of actionEngaging gameplayQuesting systemMany difficulty settingsChallenges to look forward toCons:It gets repetitive, the enemies aren't strong, but there's TONS of enemies. Enjoy lvling up every other screen after killing 1,000,000 enemies.Some places and enemies were put in the game just to annoy you. They don't offer any challenge, the challenge is to keep yourself calm and steady to get through the hordes of stupid enemies and hazards.The story... is cool and all, but it's not that original.Dialogue is uninspired. Really, this is a missed oportunity. It could have been so much better. Everything is a big cliché.At the start, you're begging for some gold to get some health recovers. There's no way to heal outside of regen items (which you only get far into the game and even then it doesn't heal a lot) and, well, potion, or the assortment of random food items that drop from enemies an chests. At the end, you're swimming in gold and it's pointless.Overall:Yes, I did say there's a lot of bad things about the game. If you're looking for a masterpiece, clearly this isn't your game, but it's still fun to pick up and play. It's definetly a good game with some variety, lots of areas to explore, challenges and puzzles that will keep you playing and many neat things you can do. I would really like to see a sequel that improves upon the game and irons out the flaws.Verdict: Buy it, of course. It's a good game for the price and it will keep you entertained for a couple hours. I've finished the game and it was fun. I don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,236090,20245610,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zinnia,"I like the art style of this game I don't really like realistic graphics so this game alread fits me, I enjoy the story, combat, and characters. only 4 hours in and crashed it twice..."
,Recommended,236090,20225921,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cakebread666,This game makes me feel so chill.
,Recommended,236090,20231560,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rogue Coder,"Fantastic artwork and soundtrack, engaging story & narrative, fun combat, and has some light RPG mechanics (e.g. skills and what not). It's definitely a solid 2d platformer/action game."
76561198067496762,Recommended,236090,20279949,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nightchill,"I saved an underground town of redneck sounding blob people by kicking the♥♥♥♥♥of a thunder witch. I also retrieved the ""beating stick"" of one of them and then gave him the teeth of monster dogs so he can replace his own. It was a gr8 day. 8/8 would save redneck blob people again."
,Recommended,236090,20290230,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[ICTH] Rilic,"10/10 made r34 go nutsbut seriously, the game is good."
76561198017956064,Recommended,236090,3131584,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Nanogenix,Absolutely gorgeous indie game.
,Recommended,236090,20266815,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,820,Probably the best 2D slasher/platformer of all time.
,Recommended,236090,14777827,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,The movie director,its good
76561197981975203,Recommended,236090,20262366,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pathsfinder,One of the best games I've ever played...
,Recommended,236090,19779041,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DeeThicket,"Highly recommended, I love this game! The story alone is worth it.Beyond that, the graphics are pretty good and the combat is fun, and it all wraps up into a great game!Seriously, I've been telling all my friends to play this one. You should too!"
,Recommended,236090,20216379,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DatKoopa,"7/10 - Fun and aesthetically pleasing Platformer/RPG with an entertaining story.While I recommend this game to anyone into the genre, as well as any casual gamer, it’s not the greatest game I've ever played. The story in my opinion was 7/10 - It was enjoyable, but felt too simple and unthought in certain areas. The companion on your journey is a little ""Nimbat"" called ""Fidget,"" and he can be just as annoying as the name suggests. However, as you play through the story, you can't help but get attached to the characters and really care about your hero's plight. By the time it was over, the bitter-sweet ending hit me right in the feels, and it felt good.Aesthetically, this game on my list of ""prettiest."" The art style is perfect for this game, and the animations and illustrations are just beautiful - you can tell that the artist was really invested in his work in this title. The controls and battle system are simple enough for anyone, yet didn't leave me wanting for more - well done, devs. I generally prefer more attribute and accessory customization in RPG's, but I do recognize that adding more elements like that would start to take away from the pleasant simplicity of the game.TL;DR:Some aspects of the game were a little lacking for my taste, but I loved the story and had a great time playing it, and I'd recommend it to anyone."
76561197999448347,Recommended,236090,30540562,Posted: 16 March,all,Oman elämänsä Arje,Furry/5
,Recommended,236090,20111597,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ziekel,"This game is amazing, the combat works well, art is stunning, and the story is great. I have owned this game on xbox and playstation but am now glad to get to play it once more on PC. My only hope is that a 2nd one is made, i just can't think they wouldn't want to make one.Ups1.) Combat flows well, and is easy to grasp.2.) Finding hidden places is fun and well hiden.3.) A great story, and well told.4.) A good balance of side quests, enough to keep you busy but not so many you get lost in the pile.Downs1.) Not a lot of combos, you'll mostly be seeing the same few attack animations over and over.2.) Can be kinda short, if you dont grind for xp and loot.3.) no form of new game plus"
76561198140711708,Recommended,236090,20171040,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[RGM] Psycho Assassin Riolu,This game is just the most amazing game i've ever played...The Story is just amazing with a ton of funny moments and much more...I Extremely recommend this game!
,Recommended,236090,20171541,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DapperCat,"It's 2.99 right now. If you have gotten this far on the store page just buy it.One guy (Dean Dodrill) basically did everything but the voice-acting, soundtrack and some parts of the story (I think).I paid full price and do not regret it. A short game, but one I will come back to and play again one day."
76561197993005193,Recommended,236090,20171654,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Demon Hero Firebrand,"A surprisingly fun platformer, with good spritework, backgrounds, effects, and very engaging gameplay.  If you like that genre of game, you'll likely enjoy Dust, and so I wholeheartedly recommend this game.But my recommendation does not come without a disclaimer. This game is held back from being truly good by three major flaws: character art, a major development issue, and length.Firstly, what are otherwise interesting characters with some good humorous interaction is marred by the worst furry art in any video game ever seriously released on the market.  I have nothing in particular against furry art, but most of the characters in this game are really badly done.  The sprites are fine, but during the dialog the art is cringe-inducing.Secondly, the last area and end of the game's story was cut due to development constraints, resulting in some odd plotholes and a replacement ending that does not meaningfully resolve the underlying story elements.  The replacement ending isn't bad really, but it was not what the game was building towards and kinda wrecks the story.Lastly, the game is short.  I beat the whole game on hard and did every sidequest.  It took 11 hours and at least 3 of those were just the game being left on because I was too lazy to turn it off when I went out.If those very real flaws don't discourage you, you will enjoy this otherwise very charming game."
,Recommended,236090,20171805,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DBZWii09 [ASG],"loved it even though i finished it on my 360. also, Dust is my favorite character, hands-down."
76561197976231507,Recommended,236090,20190560,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CakeNom,It's just very awesome. Buy it.
76561198151037680,Recommended,236090,20196095,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gren Hoske,Dust has everything that you need to make a great game.10/10 amazing!
,Recommended,236090,7986146,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Derrupt,Genuinely the best game i have ever played
,Recommended,236090,7987333,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,KROMEchameleon,"Absolutely wonderful. Some the best action you can come across that's easily accessible, yet requires a good understanding of the mechanics to become a sword-swinging beast. The animation and and environmental visuals are top-notch, and its smooth frame rate makes combat a blast to see. Level exploration involves a fair use of skills to find rewarding secrets. The characters are memorable and likable, and their voiceovers are directed quite well; there's no feeling of phoning in lines, but real genuine acting. The banter between Fidget and Dust are some of the more charming moments in the game.The only reason that some would deny playing this title at first glance is the anthropomorphic character design, which is frankly just silly. If you consider yourself a fan of action games, or really just a fan of well-made games in general, then do your steam library a favor add this to the list. Buy it."
76561198052576769,Recommended,236090,7987985,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,[WD]BaronVonBagel,"Great game!!! I absolutely loved it. The story is kinda short, but is well worth it. I would definitely recommend at least trying it. 5 stars hands down"
76561198067489535,Recommended,236090,7988631,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,name-is-name,Amazing Sequel PLEASE!!!
,Recommended,236090,5057751,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Party Lemon,I absolutly LOVE this game! I have found no flaws with it at all. The best part in my opinion is the art style. everything is so smooth and the art and voice acting is awsome. the story is excelent too. i thing this game is well worth the price.
76561197968945836,Recommended,236090,336328,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,bird2jet,"Don't be fooled or put off by the aesthetics of this game. It's an action-heavy, lovingly created little gem that shouldn't be missed."
76561198033604029,Recommended,236090,4193452,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Bolt,"Like anime / cartoons and wish new one's were better, well then prepare for enjoyment."
